This article is about the confectionery. For other uses, see Mint
Scotch mints Alternative names Peppermints, spearmints Type Confectionery Main ingredients Mint flavoring or mint oil or other oil (such as wintergreen) Variations Hard mints, soft mints, Scotch mints, Mint Imperials
A mint is a food item often consumed as an after-meal refreshment or before business and social engagements to improve breath odor.[1] Mints are commonly believed to soothe the stomach given their association with natural byproducts of the plant genus Mentha.[2] Mints sometimes contain derivatives from plants such as peppermint oil or spearmint oil, or wintergreen from the plant genus Gaultheria. However, many of the most popular mints citing these natural sources contain none in their ingredient list or contain only trace amounts. [3][4][5]
The production of mints as a discrete food item can be traced back to the 18th Century.[6] [7] The popularity of mints took off in the early 20th Century, with the advent of mass urbanization and mass marketing. Advertising for mints focused on their convenience, and on the socially isolating effects of bad breath. These advertisements targeted young people generally, and young women particularly.[8] [9]
Mints have been offered in a variety of packaging, usually in an effort to promote portability. Early producers used cardboard boxes and tins, which have remained popular.[10] More recent packaging solutions have included "rolls" containing many mints stacked in one package composed of paper or foil, plastic boxes, and individually wrapped mints. Mint sales have remained robust in the 21st century[1].
Types [ edit ]
Hard [ edit ]
Hard mints are hard candies or boiled sweets flavored with mint. Examples of hard mints include starlight mints, also known as pinwheel mints, white, circular, with red or green rays emitting from the middle; candy canes; humbugs; and brand name mints such as Altoids and icebreakers.
In addition to breath freshening, mints that actually contain peppermint oil or extract have been popular in helping with digestion after a meal.[11] Peppermint has muscle relaxant properties and therefore may relax the smooth muscles of the GI tract, allowing for easier passage of food contents. However, since the lower esophageal sphincter may be relaxed, peppermint may aggravate "heartburn" or GERD.
Peppermint also seems to be effective in relieving intestinal gas and indigestion.[2] According to the German Commission E Monograph, real peppermint oil or extract has been used for cramp-like complaints in the gastrointestinal tract. This can help to explain why mints with real peppermint oil, in addition to peppermint tea, have been popular for and are frequently used after meals to help with digestion as well as to help freshen the breath.
Soft [ edit ]
Soft mints, such as "dinner mints" and "butter mints", are soft candies, often with a higher butter content, that dissolve more readily inside one's mouth.
Scotch [ edit ]
A "scotch mint" or "pan drop" is a white round candy with a hard shell but fairly soft chewy middle, popular in Great Britain and other Commonwealth nations and in Europe. Scotch mints were traditionally spheroids, more recently moving toward a larger, discoid shape. The name "scotch mint" comes from the specific mint plant Mentha × gracilis. The company Perfetti Van Melle markets scotch mints in a variety of flavours as Mentos candies.
Gallery [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Adding ads in order to survive in the phone ROM is understandable, and OnePlus had previously promised that “we won't profit by inserting advertising in the tool”, but it seems otherwise.
According to some OnePlus 3 users, the company has added a “Live services” section in the Hydrogen OS (China-specific OS for OnePlus) on the Dial interface, a one-stop service offering prepaid ticket, express taxi, gourmet, entertainment etc but the columns could not be closed, and advertising, is not particularly useful. Users also found out that some of these services are not competitive in terms of price.
System Services and applications aren't many, OnePlus did not go too far, but the strange thing is, OnePlus service login account is not a plus account as the company apparently outsourced the whole thing without seamless integration with the system.
Looks like the problems continue globally after the criticism the company received for limiting the allowed background apps to gain battery life despite the 6GB RAM. The new Hydrogen OS needs further refinement as it seems. But it's nothing that a new update can't fix.
Image copyright Thinkstock
A shake-up of the exams system makes it all the more important for teenagers to think carefully about their A-level choices, leading universities say.
Sixth-formers now have fewer chances to try a subject at AS-level before committing to taking the full A-level.
This means their subject choices carry more weight, according to the Russell Group, which represents 24 research-intense UK institutions.
The warning came as the group published its updated Informed Choices guide.
The guidance gives students and schools advice on the subjects and subject combinations that are most useful for courses offered by Russell Group universities.
"Up to 15% fewer students are taking AS-levels after changes mean they no longer count toward A-level grades," the Russell Group said.
"Students therefore may have less opportunity to try a subject before taking it to A-level and their choices now bear more weight."
Disadvantaged students
Director general of the group, Dr Wendy Piatt, said: "We are wholeheartedly committed to ensuring our doors are wide open to talented and able students from all backgrounds, but our universities can't offer places to those who do not apply or do not have the right grades in the right subjects.
"Too often, students disadvantage themselves by choosing a combination of subjects at A-level that will not equip them with the appropriate skills and knowledge for their preferred university course.
"Subject choice at GCSE and A-level or equivalent affects everyone's options for degree courses, so we make sure that the most useful and relevant information is available to students everywhere, through Informed Choices."
In April, the consumer group Which? said too many university applicants realised too late that they had chosen the wrong subjects at age 16.
The consumer group surveyed more than 1,000 UK 18- and 19-year-old university applicants and found almost a third (28%) said they wished they had chosen different subjects and 41% wished they had considered which subjects would be of most use.
Under a major overhaul, AS-levels have been decoupled from A-levels to form a standalone qualification.
New tougher two-year A-level courses, with exams at the end, are being introduced over a three-year period.
Truckers slow down traffic on a road near Calais, France (Picture: PA)
French officials apparently want to woo British tourists back to Calais by letting them drive on the left hand side.
Brits would not have to switch lanes when they got to ‘designated' areas of the northern French city, according to the proposals.
Smallest surviving baby boy ever born weighing 1lb finally goes home
Xavier Bertrand, who is president of the Hauts-de-France region, hoped this would boost tourism in the area after its image was hit following the migrant crisis.
‘I have the dream of the British coming here and we let them drive on the left in Calais – or somewhere else in Hauts-de-France,' he said according to the Sun.
‘It would show they are welcome.'
MORE: Woman asked for a round nail manicure and was left ‘mortified' by the result
President of the Hauts-de-France Regional Council Xavier Bertrand (Picture: Getty Images)
The ambitious idea could be tested next May during a bank holiday, according to a source close to Mr Bertrand.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The source told the Sun: ‘It's an idea that Xavier has had, and it is something that has attracted a lot of interest.
‘We are quite excited about it.
‘We would hope to do it on a bank holiday – maybe on a day when beautiful cars are heading to Le Mans Classic.'
MORE: NASA to test daring new plan to stop doomsday asteroid hitting Earth
Would it make you feel at home if you could drive on the left? (Picture: PA)
He said it was important to make the rules cover more than a single road so it would actually feel like drivers were in the UK.
But he did admit that ultimately Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart would have to implement the the idea.
Metro.co.uk has approached Mr Bertrand and his office for a comment.
MORE: Donald Trump ‘planning a surprise visit' to the UK in a few weeks time
MORE: Eight die after rescue helicopter crashes near erupting volcano
After an elderly couple got the boot from their local McDonald's for sitting too long, management and the owner are not answering the question if there really is a 30-minute sitting limit at the Culpeper, Va. fast food restaurant.
WASHINGTON — After an elderly couple got the boot from their local McDonald's for sitting too long, management and the owner are not answering the question if there really is a 30-minute sitting limit at the Culpeper, Va. fast food restaurant.
Carl Becker, 87, a World War II veteran, and his wife Barbara Becker, 81, say they both were at the Culpeper McDonald's on Feb. 21 at about 2:30 p.m. when they were approached by the manager.
The location is a place the pair has frequented for years.
“And he says ‘You two are going to have to leave.' He said ‘Your half hour is up and we need to clean this floor,'” says Barbara Becker. The restaurant was not crowded at the time, she says, and the two were stunned. This was the first time they had ever been asked to leave a McDonald's.
“We've never, ever, ever been kicked out of a McDonald's,” she says, adding that they've been patrons of the fast food chain for decades and since their own children were kids. The couple has six children ranging in age from 43 to 61 and 14 grandchildren with one on the way, due March 10.
“Now our grandchildren are McDonald's lovers,” she says adding that they spend lots of time at McDonald's because they are on a fixed income and it's affordable. Her husband loves getting the chicken sandwich, she says and that it's a treat for the both of them to just eat, talk and enjoy each other's company.
Carl Becker wrote a letter to the editor of the Star Exponent about the incident.
But Barbara Becker says, “We were kicked out unnecessarily and we're just not that kind of people.”
The couple has been back to a McDonald's since the incident but not the Culpeper location. The restaurant owner has reached out to the couple.
Bob Drumheller, the owner of the McDonald's Culpeper franchise, issued a statement:
“I care deeply about the comfort and satisfaction of my customers. My organization takes these matters seriously, and is investigating the customer's claims. I have also reached out to the customer to extend my apologies for this misunderstanding. Our focus will continue to be on serving our customers and providing them a welcoming experience.”
In another incident involving a McDonald's in New York, the franchise had a bigger battle on its hands. That location had to remind its customers of a time limit for patrons who dine in by posting a sign stating customers have 20 minutes to finish their meals. The catalyst behind the sign was a group of elderly patrons who would come to the restaurant as early as 5 a.m. and would stay until after dark, the New York Times reports. The Times says a number of elderly Korean patrons were taking up tables for hours on a daily basis.
WTOP asked its Facebook followers to weigh in on the issue by asking whether there should be a 30-minute sitting limit at McDonald's. See the responses here.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and on the WTOP Facebook page.
ADVERTISEMENT
Is it really all about the income gap?
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders and many others on the left argue that severe inequality of incomes and wealth is the most important economic issue facing America. Millions of progressives apparently agree, seeming to view the mere existence of a big gap between the 1 percent and everyone else as evidence enough of a big problem — full stop.
Of course, that's more of a value judgment than an economic one. Which is perfectly fine. Moral considerations should obviously inform policy. Yet before answering their inequality alarm with a dramatic policy response — 70 percent tax rates! A basic income for all! — it's reasonable to try and determine what the harmful real-world consequences of income inequality actually are, if any.
For instance: Are high levels of income inequality in and of themselves bad for public health? The answer might seem obvious to Team Feel the Bern, even self-evident. As they see it, inequality makes pretty much everything worse. It's a universal bad.
A blockbuster new study, however, suggests otherwise. To be sure, the Health Inequality Project — a team led by well-known economists Raj Chetty and David Culter — did find big differences between rich and poor. The richest American men live 15 years longer than the poorest men, while the richest American women live 10 years longer than the poorest women. The richest Americans have gained approximately three years in longevity since 2000, while the poorest Americans have experienced no gains.
So income inequality is a killer, right? Case closed!
Not so fast. Turns out the researchers failed to find a strong correlation between income inequality and life expectancy. Indeed, poor Americans who live in some of the country's most unequal places, such as New York and San Francisco, have some of the best outcomes. Or to put it more generally: Lower-income Americans appear to fare better in cities with lots of high-income college grads, more immigrants, and high levels of government spending. What's more, the study notes, much of the variation in life expectancies in different regions looks like it can be explained by differences in behavior, such as smoking and exercise. (But not, interestingly, differences in access to health care.)
These are hardly the only findings to suggest humility when making the case about the possible harm from historically high levels of inequality. Earlier research by Chetty found that, despite a big jump in high-end inequality over recent decades, upward mobility hasn't really changed. Like his more recent work, Chetty found geography to be key. Areas with more two-parent households and less sprawl saw more mobility.
One takeaway from all this is that if you're concerned about the poor, it's just as important to focus directly on their problems at the local level as working to affect big-picture measures of inequality. One group of ideas suggested by the findings relates to individual behavior: smoking bans or restrictions on trans fats or taxes on sugary drinks. These are the kinds of policies found in cities where the poor are living longer. And while some in Washington would like bullet trains to span America, a more immediate concern would be to improve public transit so low-income people can more easily get to where the jobs are.
Another idea: Make it easier for lower-income Americans — and the middle class — to afford to live in some of the pricier, higher-longevity cities. The researchers speculate that "low-income individuals who live in high-income areas may also be influenced by living in the vicinity of other individuals who behave in healthier ways." Economists on the left and right have begun to deeply examine how zoning regulations and other regulatory barriers artificially inflate home prices in some high-income cities such as New York and San Francisco.
No one is saying we shouldn't mind the gap. But we probably shouldn't obsess over it.
The flu vaccine seems effective in reducing the risk of flu by 23 per cent, based on an early estimate from the U.S. among people going to the doctor for respiratory illness.
Canadian and U.S. health officials have said the most common type of flu circulating this season is H3N2, which is not well-matched with the seasonal flu vaccine.
So far, this year's flu vaccine seems to work best in young, healthy people. (Nick Tomecek/Northwest Florida Daily News/Associated Press)
On Thursday, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released an estimate based on 2,321 American children and adults who got the flu vaccine between November and January. The CDC said vaccinated people had a 23 per cent lower chance of winding up at the doctor with the flu.
The poor effectiveness likely reflects the fact that more than two-thirds of circulating flu viruses are genetically different or "drifted" from seasonal flu vaccines, the CDC said in its Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report.
The effectiveness was highest among children aged six months to 17 at 26 per cent. Effectiveness fell to about 12 per cent among people aged 18 to 49 and 14 per cent for those aged 50 and older.
In Canada, the flu vaccine could be working even more poorly, with "little or no protection."
"About 98 per cent of the viruses are mismatched that have been characterized in Canada, whereas in the U.S. its closer to about 68 per cent, or about two-thirds are mismatched. So it's not a good omen," said Dr. Danuta Skowronski of the British Columbia Centre for Disease Control.
There are other ways to protect yourself and others besides the flu shot, such as handwashing and staying home when sick, said Dr. Michael Gardam, director of infection prevention and control at Toronto's University Health Network.
"This year you could go off and get your flu shot and who cares? It really is not providing a great deal of protection," Gardam said.
The U.S. estimates are consistent with what the CDC said was likely based on lab studies, said Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville.
"These estimates of vaccine efficacy are doleful," Schaffner said.
Despite the poor match, the CDC concluded flu vaccines are the best tool for prevention currently available. The researchers said there could also be a change in viruses circulating late in the season when the vaccine could help more.
Since the CDC started doing flu vaccine studies in 2004, overall effectiveness has ranged from 10 per cent to 60 per cent.
Vaccine effectiveness studies estimate how protective a vaccine is by comparing the odds of being vaccinated among those with positive flu test results to those with negative flu test results.
The Solar Energy Industries Association announced on Monday that solar energy installations broke records in 2015, and actually surpassed natural gas.
Solar energy generated 29.5% of all new electric-generating capacity in the U.S last year. In 2015, the amount of people installing solar systems climbed by 66% and created a record breaking 7.3 gigawatts of power.
“Over the next few years, we're going to see solar continue to reach unprecedented heights as our nation makes a shift toward a carbon-free source of energy that also serves as an economic and job-creating engine,” SEIA CEO Rhone Resch said in a statement.
According to a recent estimate released by the International Energy Agency, solar will be the world's primary source of energy by 2050.
This is good news, but that number may seem far off to some people, considering that solar energy currently represents less than 1% of the energy market.
However, a new Deutsche Bank report suggests that this shift may come sooner than expected.
According to the report, which was published earlier this week, solar electricity is on track to be as cheap or cheaper than average electricity-bill prices in 47 U.S. states by the year 2016.
“The rapid cost decrease of photovoltaic modules and systems in the last few years has opened new perspectives for using solar energy as a major source of electricity in the coming years and decades,” IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven told Reuters.
Recent breakthroughs in solar technology are making it more efficient and cheaper to extract energy from the sun, which in turn, is making this technology more available to the average person.
Solar power is unlike most other energy resources because there is a limitless supply. This limitless supply of power, could actually cause energy prices to drop so low that anyone could afford it. Like all technology, the technology to harness electricity from the sun will continue to become cheaper as it is developed and perfected.
This article (Solar Energy Surpasses Natural Gas For First Time Ever And Breaks Records In 2015) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com.
John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.
In an era where we can watch rockets land on their tails Buck Rogers-style live on YouTube, it's difficult to imagine a time when even the most basic concepts of rocketry were hotly debated. At the time, many argued that the very concept of a liquid fueled rocket was impossible, and that any work towards designing practical rocket powered vehicles was a waste of time and money. Manned spacecraft, satellite communications, to say nothing of landing on other worlds; all considered nothing more than entertainment for children or particularly fanciful adults.
This is the world in which V-2, written by the head of the German rocket development program Walter Dornberger, takes place. The entire history of the A-4/V-2 rocket program is laid out in this book, from the very early days when Dornberger and his team were launching rockets with little more than matches, all the way up to Germany's frantic attempts to mobilize the still incomplete V-2 rocket in face of increasingly certain defeat at the end of World War II.
For those fascinated with early space exploration and the development of the V-2 rocket like myself, this book is essentially unparalleled. It's written completely in the first person, through Dornberger's own eyes, and reads in most places like a personal tour of his rocket development site at the Peenemünde Army Research Center. Dornberger walks through the laboratories and factories of Peenemünde, describing the research being done and the engineers at work in a personal detail that you simply don't get anywhere else.
But this book is not only a personal account of how the world's first man-made object to reach space was created, it's also a realistic case study of how engineers and the management that pays the bills often clash with disastrous results. Dornberger and his team wanted to create a vehicle to someday allow man to reach space, while the Nazi government had a much more nefarious and immediate goal. But this isn't a book about the war — the only battles you'll read about in V-2 take place in meeting rooms, where the engineers who understood the immense difficulty of their task tried in vain to explain why the timetables and production numbers the German military wanted simply couldn't be met.
Wernher von Braun
Generally considered the father of the US space program, and the mind behind Germany's rocket development in World War II, Wernher von Braun is naturally featured quite prominently in V-2. Dornberger was von Braun's superior in the German rocket program, and while he often comments on the young engineer's brilliance, he makes it clear that the development of the V-2 rocket was not the accomplishment of any one man.
Like any good leader, Dornberger acknowledges the contributions of each and every member of the team, from the engineers who developed the supersonic wind tunnel at Peenemünde to the men who were tasked with recording every rocket's test firing with handheld cameras. Never once does Dornberger credit a single individual, not even himself, as the creator of the V-2 rocket. Indeed, towards the end of the book he says how such a notion is simply not possible in a project of this scale:
“Neither the V-2 nor the V-1, nor any other great technological invention of recent decades, can be associated with the name of any one man. The days of the lonely creative genius are over. Such achievements can only be the fruit of an anonymous team of research specialists working selflessly, soberly, and in harmony.”
Early Rocket Development
History buffs may know that, more than a decade before Germany got serious with their rocket development, Robert Goddard had already launched several (albeit small) liquid fueled rockets; proving the concept was possible. But Goddard had relatively limited funding, and his work never got the attention it deserved in the United States. A then college-age von Braun was fascinated by what Goddard had achieved, and believed that the fundamental technologies he demonstrated could be scaled up to a much larger vehicle.
Deteriorating US-German relations in the lead up to WWII made a direct exchange of information impossible, and with little specific information to go on, Dornberger's team would have to start essentially from scratch on their own rocket. From different shapes of combustion chambers and nozzles to the materials that the engine itself was made of, many ideas were tried and judged in short order. During this phase there were a number of catastrophic failures, and the first casualties of the program were recorded long before the V-2 ever reached the launch pad.
Even the basic shape of the vehicle was up for debate in the early years. Some experimental vehicles were launched with the rocket engine in the nose, firing out of angled exhaust nozzles, but they were quickly found impractical. Interestingly enough, this arrangement did eventually find a use: the launch escape systems (LES) found on nearly all manned space capsules.
Stabilzing the vehicle in flight was another problem. Early ideas had the rocket spun on its long axis like an artillery shell, but that would cause the propellants to ride up the sides of the tanks due to centrifugal force. A compromise had a weighted section of the rocket's nose spinning independent from the rocket itself to achieve a gyroscopic effect, but it proved too complex.
After many iterations, the final form of the V-2 rocket was developed. The general arrangement of the vehicle: rear firing engine, four stabilizing fins, and in-line propellant tanks, would form the basis of rocket design that we still follow today.
Development vs Production
Around the halfway mark of the book, Dornberger starts moving away from the technical aspects of developing the V-2, and on to the logistics of putting it into production. As this was a weapon, hundreds, and eventually thousands, would need to be manufactured; in the days before nuclear weaponry, having just a few of these long-range missiles would be inconsequential to the war.
When Dornberger pressed for more resources to get the rockets into mass production, he was teamed up with a group who specialized in the manufacturing of locomotives. The military, being completely ignorant to the complexities involved in the production of rockets, reasoned that experience in building trains was enough to qualify them for the task. The various parts of the rocket were sent off to different factories, and schedules drawn up for how many units each factory was to produce per month.
Given the (for the time) incredibly complex component design, few of the factories were able to come near their assigned production goals, and even if they delivered the number of parts promised, the quality was far below the standards required. Dornberger quotes a 10 – 20% success rate for the rockets assembled in the early days of production.
Further complications arose from the engineer's constant desire to improve and refine the V-2. As the design was not frozen, and indeed in some ways not even finished, the factories occasionally found themselves operating from outdated blueprints. When the production teams asked engineering for new plans so they could update their lines, engineering would respond that they still needed more time. Dornberger eventually froze the design for everything but the most critical of changes, but by that point, immense amounts of time and money had been wasted due to poor communication.
Trouble with Nazis
You can't write a book about weapons development in the 1940's Germany without mentioning the Nazis, and V-2 is no exception. There are various Nazis scattered throughout the book, including a few meetings with Hitler himself, but in general Dornberger portrays the Nazi officials he encounters as being more Hogan's Heroes than Raiders of the Lost Ark.
In almost every case, Dornberger paints them as dim caricatures, often going into detail about their occasionally overweight or unhealthy appearance. Whenever a Nazi pops up at Peenemünde, Dornberger or one of his engineers invariably shuts down their complaints with a perfectly delivered rebuttal that sends them scurrying away until their next encounter. All that's missing is a twirl of the mustache or a shouted “I'll get you next time!” to make the cartoon-style interactions he has with them complete.
But this should come as no surprise, writing this book just 10 years after the events, Dornberger would clearly want to distance himself from the regime. Especially since he was employed by Bell Aircraft Corporation and developing the X-15 for NASA at the time.
Why You Should Read V-2
I'll admit that I'm somewhat obsessed with the V-2 rocket. I have a fuel injector recovered from a crashed V-2 at Peenemünde on my shelf, sitting right next to a 3D printed cutaway model of the vehicle that I designed based on the original German blueprints. So when I saw an early hardcover edition of this book on eBay, I had to have it.
But while I originally picked up this book because of my personal interest in the program, after reading it I realized there are many lessons to be learned when reading such a detailed account of an engineering project of this scale. Many “impossible” problems had to be solved, often with unconventional methods. The importance of adhering to the scientific principles of hypothesis and experimentation is repeatedly explained. The realities of building for mass production versus building a one-off test article are laboriously delved into.
I believe the overall takeaway of V-2 is perhaps best expressed with a line Dornberger uses very early in the book:
“We might well have been daunted by the multiplicity of the task before us. Luckily the difficulties were for the most part still entirely unknown to us. We attacked our problems with the courage of inexperience and had no thought to the time it might take us to solve them.”
With luck, none of us will find ourselves involved in producing a weapon of mass destruction; but the methods detailed in V-2 are still valid for anyone who's desired to build something out of nothing, for anyone who's ever looked at a problem and wondered if there wasn't a better way to solve it.
Photo by Khari Shiver
A few months ago, Danny Brown took to Twitter to announce that his follow-up to last year's breakout XXX would be called, of all things, ODB. (For what it's worth, that stands for "Ol' Danny Brown", according to the man himself.) Late last week, an interview with FUSE circulated where Brown said that the record is "finished". As I learned from an interview earlier today with Brown (set to run in longer form in the near future), neither of those facts are necessarily true.
The album will actually be called Old ("The 'O' in ODB"), and it will be for sale, unlike the for-free XXX. It's about "75% done" and in the mixing stages: "As the actor in this movie, I'm wrapped." The album will be released by Fool's Gold.
Danny refers to the album as "more mature" than XXX and promises a more serious tone than his previous work, stating, "If people are just looking for dick-sucking jokes, there isn't too many of them this time." He's still waiting on a few feature spots to be turned in, including contributions from A$AP Rocky, Schoolboy Q, Ab-Soul, Kitty Pryde, and Purity Ring, who are contributing production along with a hook from vocalist Megan James. (Brown and Purity Ring teamed up for a remix of the latter's "Belispeak" earlier this year.)
Regular collaborators SKYWLKR and Paul White are involved production-wise, as is Darq E Freaker and Oh No-- and Glasgow hyper-genre producer Rustie. "He's actually the guy that ended the album, to be honest," Brown says. "I was kind of stuck, and through a stroke of God, he emailed me and said, 'Yo, I want to submit you some tracks for the album.' I thought I was done, but I knew I needed a little more flair. He sent me seven beats, and I ended up using three of them."
Who won't be appearing on the album, on the other hand, is the bashing hip-hop production duo (and pals of Rustie) TNGHT, who were seen in a Noisey mini-doc earlier this year in the studio with Danny in London. "They never sent me no beats! I was in the studio listening to beats [with them], they said they were going to send me some beats, but they didn't. I don't know what's going on. [Laughs] It's okay, though-- Rustie did good."
Watch Pitchfork.tv's Danny Brown documentary, Detroit State of Mind, below.
VIDEO HERE:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CAWd0RXPkg&feature=youtu.be
I HAVE THE RIOT POINTS CARDS! TWO OF THEM WILL BE GIVEN OUT. I'LL FIGURE OUT HOW I'LL BE GIVING THESE AWAY, BUT KNOW THAT EVERYONE WILL HAVE A FAIR CHANCE. I WILL BE UPLOADING THE VIDEO SOON.
Hi, I'm Soupish. I'm a league player, I stream, I ranked, I jungle, I do it all. Skill, though, is another subject.
There's this girl, she lives quite a bit away from me, but I really like her and I can't stop thinking about her night and day. She's really cute, and she loves playing league.
EDIT: To clarify, I HAVE met her before, she lives about four hours away, I met her when I went to Supercon cosplayed as Taric. She's really nice, cute, and sweet.
Here's the catch, she only plays akali. Seriously, she won't play any other champion, she has a bunch of Ip because she doesn't buy any champions or skins, she only plays akali.
MY lolking for giggles: http://www.lolking.net/summoner/na/20847219#profile
I would like someone to trade All Star Akali for her, I'm willing to give RP or one of the skins I have, except PAX Twisted Fate and Magnificent Twisted Fate, those are mine and I shall not part with them, considering Twisted Fate is my all-time favorite champion.
But I digest. Hippalus, the eCommerce Director of Riot announced in a thread that if we get 2k upvotes showing our cause, that it would be possible to initiate a trade with a fellow summoner.
Quote: Hippalus:
But yeah, I know there are a lot of people that would love to trade their limited edition skins. I wanted to do a couple test cases first to see if it surfaced any unexpected problems (like getting me fired), and if not, I'll see if I can set up a process or some tech that will make this feasible for more players. Only if you have a 2k upvote thread about your situationBut yeah, I know there are a lot of people that would love to trade their limited edition skins. I wanted to do a couple test cases first to see if it surfaced any unexpected problems (like getting me fired), and if not, I'll see if I can set up a process or some tech that will make this feasible for more players.
Quote: Borathien: You can only have this happen, if you post pics of you cosplaying as taric.
Quote: Adrienne: For everyone saying you don't need to buy a girl thing to get her to go out with you, sometimes it isn't ABOUT that. One time I wanted to date a girl and I got her something she wanted because I knew she'd appreciate it, and I secretly hoped it would increase my chances, but I was already about 95% sure she'd date me if I asked simply. Sometimes it's just something good you want to do for someone you appreciate.
That being said, I'd be willing to trade mine, however, I'm very strict on what I want. Don't like giving limited skins for nothing, even if you offered me 10k rp. :P Whatcha got to offer?
Quote: Aegil: I'd be willing to trade, I sent you a request in-game so we can speak.
Quote: Carmasaurus: I wish you good luck! And, as a complete lover of romance and affairs of the heart, I would be willing to give my All-Star Akali up for this cause, without expecting anything in return.
Quote: LostLaneWonGame: Record you doing Taric lines at 1k votes?
Quote: Ecliptika: <333 Freaking cute!
I'm hoping to ask this girl out soon, and I think that this would really make her one happy league player. Thank you guys for your time.I understand this, I'd be willing to discuss things.Thanks you guys, I will chat with you today after I get home from work.^I love you.^ I am okay with this.^Thank you, from the woman who got her Snow Bunny NidaleeAs you wish summoner, my cosplay at Supercon, it was incomplete.
Premier Rachel Notley defended her decision to give a partisan speech attacking her political foes before a group of Grade 6 students gathered Tuesday to celebrate the opening of their new school.
"They would say instead of making sure Alberta's young people have a modern education, that instead we should be cutting funding for schools," Notley told the students. "And using that money, quite frankly, for tax giveaways to people who make the most in each of our communities."
The comments were made to a group made up of mostly 11 year olds in front of the new Lois E. Hole elementary school in St. Albert.
"There are some people who would say we shouldn't be building new schools," Notley said. "They would say we shouldn't have so many teachers and they would say your classrooms should have more kids in them, not less."
Her political speech aimed some veiled shots at opposition critics, particularly those from the now defunct Wildrose and PC parties, who have widely criticized the Notley government for overspending.
'These buildings ... don't happen accidentally'
Asked about the tone of her remarks at a media availability afterwards, the premier made no apologies.
Had it not been for her government's decision to accelerate capital funding, she said, the new elementary school may not have been built yet.
"These buildings, these communities, the quality of education don't happen accidentally," Notley said. "They happened as a result of choices. And so we're going to talk about those choices. We're not going to back down from talking about those choices."
Glenys Edwards, board chair of St. Albert Public Schools, says she hopes the premier's speech was a 'learning opportunity' for the Grade 6 students. (CBC)
The board chair of the St. Albert public school board, who took part in the program, said the premier's remarks were "appropriate" given the context and the setting.
"I wasn't surprised," said Glenys Edwards. "I guess I was interested in the tone."
Edwards, a former teacher, said she thought the Grade 6 teachers at Lois E. Hole elementary would debrief the students afterwards to discuss what was said.
"As soon as it became political, I was very aware of the students and hopeful it would be a learning opportunity for those kids," said Edwards.
She said students in Grade 6 are taught about local and provincial governance.
Colo. School Board Member: No Trans Bathroom Access 'Until the Plumbing's Changed'
Katherine Svenson, a member of the Delta County School Board in Colorado, publicly stated her lack of support for transgender student rights, which sparked controversy within the Colorado community.
A school board member in southern Colorado has sparked controversy with her statements refusing to recognize the equal rights of transgender students, even though the state requires that such students be granted access to the facilities that correspond with their gender identity.
Delta County School Board member Katherine Svenson publicly stated at an October meeting that she does not support students' rights to use the restroom facilities that correspond with their gender identity, reports NewsChannel 5.
In light of a recent law in California granting transgender students certain rights, Svenson said, "I just want to emphasize — not in this district. Not until the plumbing's changed. There would have to be castration in order to pass something like that around here."
Svenson's statement directly contradicts a June ruling from the Colorado Civil Rights Division that declared transgender students must be permitted to use the school facilities that correspond with their gender identity. Since 2008, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act has prohibited gender identity-based discrimination in public accommodation.
Delta County district officials said they respect Svenson's opinion, but do not necessarily agree with it. When questioned whether the school district supports Svenson's stance, assistant superintendent Kurt Clay said, "Absolutely not, I mean that's an opinion of hers. We truly believe in Delta County School District that every student has different needs, and that we are here to address those individual needs."
Despite Clay's diplomacy, Svenson appears to be immovable in her opinion. "I don't have a problem if some boys think they are girls, I'm just saying as long as they can impregnate a woman, they're not going to go in girls locker room," Svenson said.
Heating with geothermal – the ambitious plans of Munich, Germany
Panorama over Munich (source: flickr/ DAVID HOLT, creative commons)
Alexander Richter 9 Jan 2017
The ambitious plans to fuel its complete district heating systems with geothermal energy of Stadtwerke München, the city utility of Munich in the South of Germany are incredible and a good example for other cities.
On our partner website TiefeGeothermie in Germany, the fantastic ambitions for geothermal heating in the city of Munich are covered in detail in a recent article.
Here is a translation of the article, somewhat adapted for readability.
At this year's UN Climate Summit COP22 there was a consensus that global climate change has reached an irreversible stage. Therefore, in the ” Marrakech Action Proclamation” delegates called upon not only governments and science, but also companies to help to limit global warming.
One company that has devoted itself intensively to this topic for more than half a decade is the city utility of Munich (Stadtwerke München). Its “expansion campaign Renewables” is firmly built into the ” Integrated Action Programme for Climate Protection” for the city of Munich. Already started in 2008, the utility has budgeted EUR 9 billion ($9.4 billion). By 2025, the plan is to produce as much electricity from renewable energy sources, as the whole city needs. Last year, SWM already achieved part of that goal with all private households in Munich and public transport having been supplied by renewable energy.
SWM wants to achieve a similarly ambitious goal in the heat market, and a large part in its future energy plans, plays geothermal energy for district heating for the city.
At a press meeting in November 2016, Stephan Schwarz, Managing Director of SWM, said that “the drive towards energy from renewables is not only a drive towards electricity but also towards heat from renewable energy sources. Significantly more energy is used for heating. Apart from a drive to energy saving and more insulation, there needs to be more work done on utilising renewables for heating .”
“We have the opportunity in Munich […] to make the grown district heating utilise renewables,” says Schwarz.
In its plans for district heating laid out until 2040, the city of Munich will likely the first German city whose district heating will be fully covered by renewable energy. So far, the city is focused primarily on accelerated development of geothermal energy projects to live up to its plans. The vision is now becoming a reality. The utility has already several geothermal energies fuelled heating plants in the city and the Greater Munich area. Two of them are of particularly strategic importance for district heating in the urban area.
More than 10 years ago, the first geothermal heat plant started operation in the district of Riem in the east of Munich. Since then, the 13-MW (thermal) plant has supplied the residential development near the convention area, the adjacent commercial enterprises and Messe München to a large extent with deep geothermal heat. In 2016, the district heating of the Freiham district of Munich was connected and is already fuelled by geothermal. The district heating of Freiham is already connected to the municipal district heating network, with the plan still being in an optimization phase.
A third district heating system is then planned to close the east-west axis from both locations in the east and west. To supply the whole city area, three additional geothermal district heating systems are to follow. It is so far not clear yet where exactly they will be positioned, as this is till being part of project planning and the evaluation of different locations. They will play a rather important role for the big heating plans for the utility. The connection of the north-south axis is then planned by 2025.
From gas-and-steam will be geothermal energy
Munich has a historically grown district heating network, which was originally operated as a steam network, with correspondingly high temperatures. But now the grid has to be switched, from a high-temperature network to low temperature, from condensate to glass fiber cables. In order to ensure the long-term supply of geothermal energy in the long term, more medium with higher pressure must be transported through the pipelines. Therefore, the line network must be renewed and cable trunked at other locations. The conversion of a total urban steam network to a low-temperature network has nearly been completed for half of it. “To make the district heating regenerative, that is an undertaking, which has not yet taken place in this form”, Schwarz stated in the context of the project presentation.
For a new plant, the utility will utilise an existing thermal heating plant currently in operation.
It is also a pioneering achievement on the international stage, which the Stadtwerke Munich with its district heating vision 2040 provides. This was confirmed by the German Geothermal Association, which sees SWM's district heating system as the world's most ambitious project in this form.
While many cities have long elaborated on alternative solutions in the context of future city planning 3.0, Munich has recognized the signs of times at an early stage and been tapping the natural resources of the city that can supply efficient and clean heat supply. The utility shows a well thought out concept and long-term plan, instead of single solutions, which will play a major part in a significant transfer to a renewable energy fuelled heating supply.
The example of geothermal utilization in Munich is not easily transferable to other cities due to geological and hydrochemical conditions. In principle, suitable geothermal potentials are also available in other cities, but there is a lack of commitment and political will to implement such master projects.
With geothermal energy, the utility of Munich, is utilising an energy source that has long been denied being able to play such an important role for the heating of a city. This highlights once more that geothermal energy should play a stabilising factor, both as a baseload source of energy within climate change efforts and a change of energy supply towards renewables. It further can provide a renewable energy supply for an efficient energy supply for the city of tomorrow.
Adapted from TiefeGeothermie
In the face of a difficult season, Sebastian Vettel has defended Ferrari and believes the Italian outfit is still on the right track.
It's been a disappointing year so far for the Scuderia, with results falling short of expectations and a technical structure which has appeared somewhat disrupted following the departure of technical director James Allison.
Ferrari's current state of affairs has obviously come under the scrutiny of the media, but Vettel believes that criticism directed at the red squad this year has been unfair despite the team's huge performance - and points - gap with leader Mercedes.
"If you look at the gap to Mercedes it has been fairly stable," Vettel contends.
"Some races we are a bit closer, some races we are a bit further away. It is fair to say that in qualifying the gap is big and in the races it shrinks a bit, but it's still there.
"At the start of the year we were clearly the second best team, but now towards the end of the year, here and there in terms of pace, we slip behind. I think it's very close.
"But it's not that fair to say we are massively behind - a tenth-and-a-half [of a second] is not big. Fair enough, we are obviously level with Red Bull and it will be our target to get second in the constructors' [championship] back."
Despite Ferrari's results offering a self-explanatory picture of its current status, team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has said that the team's reshuffling of its technical structure on the back of Allison's exit last summer is working, an assessment which Vettel agrees with.
"Even if there were a lot of things that people called bad luck, or whatever, I think we stuck to our way and that was the right thing to do. We are still heading in the right direction.
"Sometimes you wish results would come and confirm this - sometimes they do, sometimes they don't, but the most important thing is that they do, and I believe they will."
TECHNICAL - Turbulent Jet Ignition: In the antechamber of F1 power
FEATURE: Where and why has Williams been caught out
F1i Classic - Masten Gregory - The 'Kansas City flash'
Silbermann investigates the potential EU threat to F1's Liberty Media deal
2017 F1 driver line-ups so far
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
For the Pink Floyd song, see Summer '68
"Summer of '69" is a song recorded by the Canadian musician Bryan Adams, from his fourth album, Reckless (1984). The song was written by Adams and Jim Vallance, a long-time writing partner of Adams. "Summer of '69" was produced by Adams and Bob Clearmountain. It was released in June 1985 under A&M Records as the fourth single from Reckless. "Summer of '69" is an up-tempo rock song.[1]
The song was released with two B-side tracks; "Kids Wanna Rock" and "The Best Was Yet to Come", which had previously appeared on the albums Reckless and Cuts Like a Knife respectively. "Summer of '69" received favourable reviews from music critics. The single had a strong effect on music charts internationally, with its highest peak being number four in the Netherlands, and its least successful charting country being Germany. The track was promoted with a music video, which was filmed by Steve Barron. The video features Adams and his backing band in a variety of settings, including running from the police.
Conception and themes [ edit ]
After a tour supporting his album Cuts Like a Knife, he immediately started the recording sessions for the new album, Reckless. "Summer of '69" was finished on January 25, 1984,[3] co-written with Jim Vallance in his basement studio. The song went through a number of changes because neither Adams nor Vallance was convinced it was a strong enough song to be featured on the album. In their first draft, the lyric "summer of '69" appeared only once. At that time the two were planning to title it "Best Days of My Life" instead. While the lyric "Best days of my life" appeared seven times in the first draft, on the final draft it had been replaced by "summer of '69" and appeared only two times throughout the song.[4]
When writing the lyrics "Jimmy quit, Jody got married", Vallance suggested using "Woody quit and Gordy got married", referring to members of his high school band, but Adams liked his version better. Adams mentioned once in an interview that "Jimmy" was one of his early drummers. "Jody" is a reference to Adams' sound manager, Jody Perpick, who got married during the album's recording session.
On the song's very first demo, it started with a 12-string riff, just like the breakdown section in the middle of the song, but they replaced it with a chunky 6-string intro on the second demo. The song was recorded three to four times, in different ways, with both Adams and Vallance still not convinced that it was finished.[4]
When Adams appeared on The Early Show in 2008, he was asked about "Summer of '69" and its lyrical meaning. Adams said the song was about sex and making love in the summertime. "69" is a reference to the sexual position, 69.[5] Vallance however has gone for the more conventional interpretation of the title being a reference to a year, as he was 17 years old during the actual time, and Adams only nine. He notes Jackson Browne's "Running on Empty", which contains references to 1965 and 1969, as his own influence, and recalls Adams citing the film Summer of '42 as his.[4]
"That song is 25 years old now so it's had that many years to incubate. A lot of songs, like that one, hit big in America but really not anywhere else. It didn't chart anywhere in Europe until at least 10 years after it was released. [...] I think songs can have a life of their own regardless of the promotion."
In 1985 the song won the BMI (Broadcast Music Inc.) Citation of Achievement for US radio airplay, the following year 1986 – Procan Award (Performing Rights Organization of Canada) for Canadian radio airplay and in 2000 it won a Socan Classics Award for more than 100,000 Canadian radio performances.[4] In a poll conducted by Decima Research in 2006, "Summer of '69" was voted the best driving song among Canadians who sing in their cars. The song topped the survey with both sexes, and with French and English-speaking Canadians.[6] In 2010, the song was voted the "hottest summer song" in Germany.[7] In another poll, this time by Canadian magazine Chart, "Summer of '69" was voted the fourth best song of all-time in 2000;[8] four years earlier it had been voted the twenty-fourth best song of all-time.[9] The song was ranked #17 on CBC Radio's 50 Tracks: The Canadian Version.[10] In 2008, the song was voted the 87th best-song of all-time by radio listeners in Norway, becoming the second highest Adams song ranked, the highest being "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" from 1991.[11] It was voted the fourth best-song ever on Radio 2, a Belgian radio station, in 2008.[12]
"Summer of '69" remains popular to this day in many countries around the world.[13] Adams sang "Summer of '69" during the 2011 Cricket World Cup opening ceremony in Bangladesh.[14]
Critical reception [ edit ]
In its 2005 list "The 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born", Blender ranked the song 70th and commented that the song "made people who hadn't yet had either a first love or a first band nostalgic for the experience."[15]
"Summer of '69" has found itself in several "best of" lists compiled by various music publications and critics, including the following:[16]
Publication Country Accolade Year Rank Blender United States "The 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born" 2005 70[15] Chartattack Canada "The 100 Best Canadian Singles of All Time" 1996 24 Chartattack Canada "The 50 Best Canadian Singles of All Time" 2000 4 Chuck Eddy United States "The 100 Best Singles of the 80s" 1990 50 Dave Marsh United States "The 1001 Greatest Singles Ever Made" 1989 635
Chart performance [ edit ]
Upon the release of the album Reckless in November 1984, "Summer of '69" received some airplay on album-oriented rock radio stations but was mostly overshadowed by the tracks "Run to You" and "It's Only Love", only managing to reach number 40 on Billboard's Top Rock Tracks chart. After it was released as a single in June 1985, "Summer of '69" climbed to number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 and helped push Reckless to the number one position on the Billboard 200 album chart in August 1985.[note 1] Like the previous single released from Reckless, "Heaven", "Summer of '69" was a commercial success worldwide. On the UK Singles Chart, "Summer of '69" debuted at number fifty-nine, and managed to climb up the chart, and two weeks later reached its peak position of 42, on August 24, 1985. The single remained on the country's chart for four consecutive weeks from August to September 1985, before falling out of the top 100.[17] The track debuted at number twenty-two on September 22, and peaked at number seven in the fifth week on the New Zealand Singles Chart. The song debuted at 95 on the Canadian RPM Singles Chart on June 29, 1985,[18] jumping to fifty in its second week[19] and peaking at eleven on September 14, 1985 after spending seven weeks on the chart.[20]
The song debuted at its peak position, number 9, on August 10, on the Norwegian Singles Chart and stayed there for another four weeks before falling off the charts. "Summer of '69" charted on the Swedish Singles Chart for five consecutive weeks. Having debuted at number twenty on December 13, and peaked at number thirteen two weeks later. The single spent another three weeks on the chart before falling off. The track peaked at number seventeen on the Austrian Singles Chart, and remained on the country's chart for five weeks. The single's most commercially successful charting territory was the Netherlands, where it peaked at number 4 on September 22, 1990. The single's least successful chart territory was Germany. Having peaked on the country's singles chart at number sixty-two, the single spent the next five weeks fluctuating down the chart.
Music video [ edit ]
The music video, released in 1985, was directed by Irish director Steve Barron.[21] In 1985 the music video was nominated for an MTV Video Music Award in the category for Best Male Video. While the song did not win the award, it was one of the four nominated songs from Adams' fourth studio album Reckless.[22] The video includes appearances by Lysette Anthony and Garwin Sanford.
Track listings [ edit ]
All songs written by Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance
No. Title Writer(s) Length 1. "Summer of '69" Adams, Vallance 3:36 2. "Kids Wanna Rock" Adams, Vallance 2:35 3. "The Best Was Yet to Come" Adams, Vallance 2:52
Personnel [ edit ]
Bryan Adams – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Keith Scott – lead guitar, backing vocals
Dave Taylor – bass
Pat Steward – drums
Tommy Mandel – electronic keyboard
Charts [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ The Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart did not include re-currents so the song's popularity on album-oriented rock radio in mid-1985 is not reflected on that chart.
Chris Fox, CP24.com
Mayor Tory and Police Chief Mark Saunders held a closed-door meeting with leaders from the black community today ahead of a more public summit on “equity issues” that is in the works.
Tory told reporters that those present at the two-hour meeting touched on a number of issues including anti-black racism in policing and inequality in opportunity but he said the underlying theme was “finding a way forward.”
“The process has to lead to action,” Tory said. “It can't just be another conversation. We have had discussions for decades.”
Members of the Toronto chapter of Black Lives Matter have been calling for a public forum on anti-black racism since August.
Tory, however, initially said that he would only meet with the protesters in private, where he felt a more productive conversation would be possible.
That changed last week when Tory's office announced that today's meeting would be a pre-cursor of sorts to a public summit on “equity issues”.
On Saturday, Tory told reporters that he is committing to holding that summit “as quickly as possible.”
“I understand from the passion of Black Lives Matter as well as the passion from the other people that I have heard from this morning that there is an urgency to this,” he said. “The passion reflects itself in the outspokenness that you see from groups like Black Lives Matter and the responsibility of people in government is to try to address that, to try to make sure that we take action as opposed to having more conversations and that we try to harness that passion and energy to make sure that in the end we meet the highest standard that could be set for inclusion and eradicating racism and discrimination.”
Inside the meeting, attendee Andray Domise told CP24 that multiple representatives chastised Tory for his refusal to meet publicly with Black Lives Matter demonstrators, and criticized Saunders for doing the same.
“Saunders did not speak to the group while they were out in front of Toronto Police Headquarters,” Domise said. “We said it was unacceptable that you did not meet with them publicly.
Domise said that all the community leaders who attended Saturday's meeting expressed solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement, and told Tory and Saunders their actions thus far have harmed both their reputations in the eyes of black residents of the city.
“Things have gotten to the point now where Tory and Saunders are losing capital within the black community.”
Black Lives Matter was not invited
While Tory said that he is committed to meeting with members of Black Lives Matter, leaders of the group were not invited to Saturday's roundtable.
At a press conference held outside Toronto Police headquarters on College Street following the roundtable, one of the co-founders of the Black Lives Matter movement said that by inviting only a secret numbers of leaders and activists Tory was “trying to divide a community that was standing behind a very simple demand of justice.”
“What we are asking for is not something that is outrageous. We are asking for the bar minimum to make sure our communities collectively are safe,” Yusra Khogali said.
In a series of messages posted to Twitter following the meeting, Tory said that the conversation that has been brought to the forefront by Black Lives Matter has been “difficult” for him and has presented some “uncomfortable moments.” Tory said the meeting today helped him “better understand the passion and the urgency on anti-black racism issues.”
Saunders also echoed a similar sentiment, telling reporters that he emerged from the meeting “a lot wiser.”
“There was a lot of listening on my part. A lot of people had a lot of things to say,” he said.
The hotel is now open! Well, close to opening. On the verge of opening. Okay, it's still closed until October, but new details have emerged about the characters who will be inhabiting American Horror Story: Hotel when it opens this October (13 episodes premiere on FX on Oct. 7).
The cast of the upcoming fifth season of American Horror Story took the stage in Beverly Hills during FX's day on the Television Critics' Association press tour, and they each teased what their roles will be on the upcoming season.
Lady Gaga, as told by Ryan Murphy: “Her character's name is Elizabeth. She owns the hotel, and she is sort of a very wealthy social doyenne who is consumed with art and fashion and people and she has a nefarious plan that is revealed in the first episode and plays out over the course of the season. She starts shooting on Monday.”
Kathy Bates: “I play Iris. I run the hotel. I have relationships with Matt Bomer and with Wes, and I can't stand [Sarah Paulson], I hate you. And I don't know yet if I get to work with Angela, I hope I do. And Liz Taylor and I have a very close relationship, and I do crossword puzzles in my spare time.”
Sarah Paulson: “My character this year is quite dark. I think she's sexy. She's a drug addict, and not that drug addicts are sexy, but this girl happens to be quite sexy. She's got a thing. I don't think it's like anything I've done on this show … I play Sally, I live at the hotel. I hate Iris in a rather ancient way for reasons that are revealed quickly. I have kind of budding something with Wes's character. It's sort of dark and, sorry, you don't know this yet.”
Finn Wittrock: “I'm playing a male model named Tristan Duffy who's always looking for the next high. And I think he sort of finds his biggest high in Lady Gaga, and they have a lot to do together. She sees all of me.”
Cheyenne Jackson: “Will Drake, fashion icon. He's trying to creatively reestablish himself, so he moves from New York to Los Angeles. A father, and a little desperate.”
Matt Bomer: “I play Donovan, who is closely associated with Ms. Gaga and Ms. Bates, and Mr. Wittrock, amongst others. And he has very interesting relationships with the lady folk in his life.”
Angela Bassett: “I play Ramona Royale, and I'm sexy as well, yet not in a drug addicty kind of way. And I have a very strong real lasting relationship with [Lady Gaga's] character. My character is also this fabulous actress. I don't live at the hotel, but I vist there a lot.”
Denis O'Hare: “I'm playing Liz Taylor, movie icon. I'm not actually playing Elizabeth Taylor, but I'm playing a person who is inspired by the awesomeness of things like Butterfield 8 and Cleopatra and eye makeup like that. And I shaved my head for the part and other body parts. I work in the hotel, I work with Kathy, and I work in the bar.”
Chloe Sevigny: “I play Alex, and I'm the wife of Wes Bentley, and a mother and a doctor and dealing with a great loss that we had in our family and coming to grips with that, among other things.”
Wes Bentley: “I play Detective John Lowell, I'm married to Chloe's character. We had a great loss in the family. Investigating some grisly murders, which somehow leads me to checking into the hotel.”
Murphy confirmed that “people that you have known from other seasons” will check into the hotel this year. He also revealed that the hotel in question is set in downtown Los Angeles, and the show will deal with “a lot of American horrors.” Murphy recalled the anecdote that inspired the season: “There was a surveillance video that went around two years ago that showed a girl getting into an elevator in a hotel that was said to be haunted … and she was never seen again.”
The 13-episode season premieres on October 7 (see more FX premiere dates here).
More news out of FX at TCA:
•Premiere dates
•Louie taking extended hiatus
•The Strain renewed, Archer bumped to FXX
More American Horror Story: Hotel:
•Darren Criss in talks for American Horror Story: Hotel
•Naomi Campbell to find out if looks can kill on American Horror Story: Hotel
•American Horror Story exclusive: Lily Rabe to play serial killer on Hotel
Philadelphia police clash with a protester before making arrests on July 6, 2016. Protesters blocked the entrance and exit to I-676 in an attempt to draw attention to the case of Alton Sterling, who was shot and killed by police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, on Tuesday.
After two hours of protests over the deadly police shooting of Alton Sterling in Louisiania, Philadelphia police moved in to arrest people who had marched through Center City, disrupting rush-hour traffic along major arteries Wednesday.
Officers began taking people into custody after they blocked I-676, some holding hands, others lying prone on the pavement. A dozen demonstrators were arrested in all. Philly Police Arrest Alton Sterling Protesters
Philadelphia police arrested Alton Sterling protesters who blocked access to I-676 in Center Center Wednesday evening. (Published Wednesday, July 6, 2016)
The group, angry over the fatal shooting of Sterling in Baton Rouge, organized on Facebook and began to march down busy Market Street.
"Clearly this is REVOLUTION time," the Facebook post read. "We know this. We are gathering to shut down center city and business as usual as folks continue to move through their day as if another black body has not hit the ground. We will shake this city so that they feel the wrath of the people." Powerful Images of Protest, Arrests Over Alton Sterling Killing
Sterling, a 37-year-old father of five, was shot multiple times by police outside a Baton Rouge convenience store. His death Tuesday sparked protests against police brutality after cellphone video emerged showing Sterling being shot multiple times as he was pinned to the ground.
The Department of Justice will lead the investigation into Sterling's death.
Sterling, a convicted felon, would not have been permitted to legally carry a gun. But those who knew him said he kept one to protect himself from robbers. Family members and Baton Rouge's NAACP branch called Wednesday for an independent review and for the police chief to resign. Angst, Arrests During Philly Protest Over Alton Sterling Killing
The Baton Rouge police shooting of Alton Sterling sparked a protest in Philadelphia that ended with arrests. (Published Thursday, July 7, 2016)
"I will not rest and will not allow you to sweep him in the dirt until the adequate punishment is served to all the parties involved," said Quinyetta Mcmillon, the mother of Sterling's 15-year-old son, during an emotional press conference.
Two officers, four-year veteran Blane Salamoni and three-year veteran Howie Lake II, were put on paid administrative leave "per standard procedure" as the investigation continues.
SEPTA Transit Police chief Thomas Nestel III, a prolific tweeter, gave followers a heads-up about the protesters with a reminder of the public's right to peacefully protest.
The Fraternal Order of Police in Delaware County snapped back, questioning why reaction wasn't the same when one of its young officers was shot.
Officer Chris Dorman, 25, survived the shooting and is expected to make a full recovery. Donte Brooks Island, an alleged drug dealer, was charged in the case.
Nigerian Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka has described Boko Haram's leader as an “obscenity” who is likely to be incapable of dialogue, as the government considers opening talks with the Islamists over the more than 200 abducted schoolgirls.
The winner of the 1986 Nobel Prize for Literature told AFP by phone from Los Angeles that Boko Haram chief Abubakar Shekau was “high on religion and drugs”.
“For me, we are dealing with a sub-human species,” Soyinka said. “How do you dialogue with that kind of obscenity?”
Debate over the prospects of negotiating with Boko Haram and even Shekau himself has been a controversial issue in Nigeria throughout the extremist group's uprising which has killed thousands.
The issue resurfaced on Monday after Shekau released a video suggesting the girls kidnapped from a secondary school in the northeastern town of Chibok could be released in exchange for Islamist prisoners held by the government.
“It is a bind for the nation because the girls must be secured,” Soyinka said, voicing sympathy for the officials who must assess the pros and cons of talking to Shekau.
The shocking mass abduction has drawn worldwide condemnation, partly thanks to a social media campaign supported by major world leaders and celebrities.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accepted military assistance from the United States, Britain, France, Israel and China to help with the rescue effort.
Some commentators have suggested that welcoming help from foreign militaries was an embarrassment for Nigeria, Africa's most populous country and top economy.
But Soyinka said such critics were showing a lack of compassion for the teenaged hostages.
“I don't know what they are talking about,” he said. “This is a global crisis.
“In this situation, where we have this kind of killers, homicidal maniacs who can go into schools and kidnap hundreds of girls... all help is welcome,” Soyinka said.
For the international community, given such horrifying violence, intervening is “not a favour”, he added. “It is a duty.”
Activists have organised daily protests in the capital Abuja demanding the girls' release and demonstrations have also been held in other cities across the country.
Civil activism is rare in Nigeria, with the prominent exception of massive demonstrations over the scrapping of a popular petrol subsidy that shut down the country in January 2012.
Nigeria has a track record of cracking down on protests and Soyinka warned Jonathan against suppressing public anger over the plight of the girls and the escalating Boko Haram violence.
Jonathan's administration “had better be very, very careful, because people are in pain and they have been in pain for a very, very long time”, he cautioned.
A few protests have been disbanded by the police and there were disputed reports that Jonathan's wife, Patience, had ordered the arrest of one protest leader for falsely identifying herself as the mother of one of the hostages.
If the protests continue, Soyinka said, the government “had better get out of the way”.
Last Update: Wednesday, 14 May 2014 KSA 20:19 - GMT 17:19
Hong Kong businessman and philanthropist Sir David Tang has died in London at the age of 63.
Best known as the founder of fashion brand Shanghai Tang, he also founded Hong Kong's private member China Club in 1991.
Embed from Getty Images
He was educated in Britain, reading philosophy at King's College London and law at Cambridge University.
Embed from Getty Images
Following a stint at his grandfather Sir Tang Shiu Kin's solicitor firm, he joined Swire Pacific Limited before beginning his own ventures.
Embed from Getty Images
Tang was given the Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2008 in light of his charity work.
Last February, he gave a fiery defence of Hong Kong values at a sold-out talk at the Foreign Correspondents' Club. He said that it would be stupid to think that Shanghai, with its “mainland judicial system, corruption, and lack of freedom” could overtake Hong Kong.
I have recently learnt earlier this evening from Lady Tang, the great man, Sir David Tang passed this evening. RIP. pic.twitter.com/eBREGiiSxT — Ewan Venters (@ewanventers) August 29, 2017
News of his passing was shared on Wednesday by Ewan Venters, chief of London's luxury department store Fortnum & Mason.
‘Farewell party'
Earlier in August, he was told by doctors that he had just weeks to live. He pledged to hold a farewell party at the Dorchester Hotel in London, according to The Times.
RIP Sir David Tang, businessman, philanthropist networker supreme. He will be sorely missed as a friend and FT columnist — Lionel Barber (@lionelbarber) August 30, 2017
The invitation read: “As I have been given by my politburo of medical experts just a month or two to last, I thought the best way to go would be to give a party where we can see each other at least one time more, rather than at a memorial service where I shall be dead as a dodo.”
RIP dear friend Sir David Tang, the privilege was mine.
Witty, charming, intellectual, salacious , hilarious , loving and funny as f*** — Russell Crowe (@russellcrowe) August 30, 2017
Tributes flooded in as the news broke. Tang's friend and actor Russell Crowe, tweeted that Tang was “Witty, charming, intellectual salacious, hilarious, loving and funny as f***.”
RIP Sir David Tang, an old friend from Hong Kong days. — Andrea Catherwood (@acatherwoodnews) August 30, 2017
The British consulate in Hong Kong also offered its condolences.
Fake news has become an often repeated and very loaded phrase over the last few months. Whether you believe it comes mostly from the right or the left of the political spectrum, the fact that you're on the Internet means you're going to be exposed to it. Because the concept seems so vague and political on the surface, it might seem hard to identify. And no, you can't identify it just by shouting “FAKE NEWS!” at something you don't like…like a magic spell.
It's fairly easy to cut through fake news if you know the signs, and it's even easier to find the truth underneath it. You only need to take two steps, click a few times, and maybe Google a term or two, and you can find out if the information you're getting is misinformation. I call this the Power Drill Method of fake news busting, and anyone can do it. It focuses on recognizing fake news, then trying to drill down to either the molten core of actual facts fueling it or the empty pocket of air of hearsay and lies it's built around.
For example, let's look at two fake news sites I was sent as a response to the story of a swastika being scrawled on an NYC subway window and the people in the car getting together to clean it off with hand sanitizer and tissues. A schmaltzy story, but enough to provoke some people into calling it a likely left-wing hoax. To back up this allegation, I was given two links to other “swastika hoax” stories, on US Herald and Information Liberation. They are perfect examples of fake news sites using elements of truth to build a heavily slanted, guided narrative that fits their political bend.
Step 1: Identify the Source and Its Potential Biases
The Internet is full of aggregators and editorial filters of information. All news outlets filter raw data, reports, and collected accounts into stories that are more easily consumable. Good news outlets filter without injecting their preferred narratives into those stories. Fake news outlets dissolve all of the facts they can get into a big narrative stew that fits their agenda.
If you can figure out what angle a site has, you can better understand what narrative they might be shaping and why. Look at the name and tagline of the site, and click on the About link (it'll be at the bottom of the page if it isn't on the top) and see if you can make out any buzzwords that show heavy lean. Look for any signs of political defensiveness, like a premise that it's valiantly fighting the oppressive mainstream media or social mores. Or it might be obviously and nakedly biased, making it easier to identify.
US Herald calls itself “Real Conservative News Online,” and claims it “leverages the power of social media as a means of distribution to break the stranglehold of the traditional media's liberal bias.” It's politically defensive against “liberal bias” and wears its conservative bend on its sleeve.
Information Liberation doesn't have quite as obvious partisan flags, but there are a few buzzwords that can give you a hint. It says it's a “news site dedicated to pursuing the truth wherever it leads,” and that's reasonable. It does so “without apology,” which is also reasonable but getting defensive. And it does so “without care for being politically correct,” and that's where the defensiveness pushes straight through into big flashing fake news territory. By framing news solely as an “us versus them” concept, you're protecting yourself from any criticism for inaccuracy or slant. If your report is biased, you can just say you're not politically correct like everyone else is. If you stand by the quality of your reporting, you don't need to start on the defensive.
Step 2: Find the Original Reports
Fake news doesn't always mean false news. The really bold fake news sites simply make things up out of whole cloth or take uncorroborated social media posts as truth, but more often you'll see a story that actually happened but is being told to you in a very specific, misguided way. That's why you need to drill down to the original source of the story, which hopefully won't be a fake news site. It's the core of the Power Drill Method.
Look for any source links in the story. Usually, if there's a real story behind it, it'll be a local news report that has a much less biased account of the events. If it's a small news story, the local report is probably the only first-hand report. Everything else you read from the site that linked to it will be an editorial filter, usually to push a narrative.
The US Herald story of “Two Liberals BUSTED for HOAX of Trump-Swastika graffiti on church” links to the Conservative Tribune. Which, as you can tell from the very name, indicates a political slant. However, the Conservative Tribune story links to a Chicago Tribune story, which is an actual news report from an actual journalist who read reports, asked questions and got quotes. That's the core you need to drill down to the actual source of the story. And if anyone suggests that the Chicago Tribune isn't credible as “mainstream media,” consider that the Conservative Tribune and through it the US Herald found it credible enough to base all of its coverage on the report. It's the source.
The Information Liberation story of a “Swastika Hate Hoax” is a lot easier to drill into. It links directly to the WABC news report on the story. That's the source. If you hit bland, local news, that's probably where the story comes from. And the reporters at that bland, local news outlet probably did all of the footwork to get every bit of tangible information that's being filtered to you.
If you can't find an original source that falls outside of the fake news circle, and there doesn't seem to be any first-hand accounts at the local news level, you can stop at this step and simply discount the story. It might simply be a lie or repeated hearsay, rather than a narrative put on top of events that actually happened.
Step 3: Spot the Differences
Now that you have the core report to work with, you can look at the possibly fake news site and see just what they tried to add to the story. And in both cases here, they added the entire hoax narrative. Compare the Chicago Tribune report to the Conservative Tribune, and US Herald reports on the exact same event: two Northwestern students charged with hate crimes and vandalism for what they spray-painted on a church. I'll be quoting a lot of sources in this section, both from fake news and local news sites. To help you keep track, I'll bold the actual news stories and keep the fake news quotes simply italicized.
The Chicago Tribune gives an account of the two students being charged for what they did. It details the time and date of the vandalism and the location of the church and has quotes from the judge.
Once inside the chapel, the pair spray-painted an expletive and a slur against African-Americans with a swastika on the chapel hallway, Assistant Cook County State's Attorney Brooke Shupe told the court. In a separate area, they spray-painted a derogatory word for homosexuals on a wall, along with lines spray-painted over photos of Muslim students. The young men also spray-painted penises in several places around the church, including on a piano in the chapel, above the word “God” in a hallway, and in a stairwell where they also painted the word “Trump,” authorities said, Shupe said. Prosecutors did not say what they think sparked this act of vandalism.
Those are the facts. Two students spray painted hateful things on a church. Their motives are unclear. They were charged with hate crimes and vandalism. Now, look at how the Conservative Tribune and US Herald frame the same story, starting with their headlines:
BREAKING: Two Liberals BUSTED For HOAX Of Trump-Swastika Graffiti On Church- Mainstream Media SILENT!
and
Outrage as Leftist Source of Trump-Swastika Graffiti Exposed
Nothing in the source story mentions it being a hoax, or that the students were liberals or leftist or of any political bend. By the fact, they were two college students who committed the vandalism, and their motives aren't clear. The Conservative Tribune and US Herald both added narratives of them being liberals performing hoaxes, presumably to make Trump supporters look bad. The fake news starts in the headline and permeates through the rest of the story, pushing the idea that this was a false-flag operation by devious leftists and not a pair of dumbass college kids. And all of that perspective was injected into the “stories” with complete disregard of the actual account of the events that happened.
Now, let's look at the other story, as told by WABC. Nassau County police arrested 20-year-old Plainview resident Jasskirat Saini for spraypainting swastikas around Nassau Community College. The vandalism started around October 15.
The charges are connected with 110 anti-Semitic drawings, involving 10 cases at Nassau Community College, said Nassau Acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter. Each count is punishable by up to four years in prison. “It appears that this bigot was motivated by perceived slights of the Jewish community in his neighborhood in Plainview,” he said.
Now, he did spraypaint a “KKK” on one building, and as a minority Long Island resident it's reasonable to doubt that he's a member of the Ku Klux Klan. According to Commissioner Krumpter, his motives stemmed from antisemitism and not any desire for a hoax, (beyond perhaps hoping the “KKK” would throw off any accusations towards him, but this is speculation on my part).
Compare that to the Information Liberation account, based entirely on the WABC report, starting with the lede:
A hate crime hoaxer who drew swastikas and wrote “KKK” and “Heil Hitler” around Nassau Community College in New York is being threatened with 40 years in prison.
Again, nothing in the original report indicates a hoax.
The Information Liberation story then says that the maximum punishment of 40 years for the multiple charges is 40 years and that it seems harsher than other hate crime “hoaxes” it doesn't identify. It quotes the same section I quoted, bolding the sentence detailing the punishment. Then it punctuates the story with:
Really makes you think.
There's a big omission in that account, and it's the end of the WABC story that gives context to hate crimes in Nassau County:
Krumpter said in 2016, there have been 57 bias incidents in Nassau County; 40 of those involved graffiti. Police said Saini is responsible for more than 10 of those incidents. Bias crimes in 2016 are down 6 percent, he said, over 2015.
40 separate graffiti bias incidents (incidents that seem to indicate motivation from bias or prejudice) in Nassau County last year. 57 bias incidents total. That's a lot of hoaxes, which is the narrative Information Liberation is pushing. That these acts are all hoaxes.
Now that should make you think.
Three Easy Steps, Repeated
This is a simple process if you have the patience and attention for it.
Identify the biases of the possibly fake news source Drill down to the original account, if it exists. Spot the differences to figure out what narrative is being pushed by the fake news source.
You don't have to take everything you read at face value, or blindly discount everything as fake news. If something sounds too good or bad to be true, or if you think you're being fed a line, follow these steps to get closer to the truth of what happened.
And if you think this story is fake news, or that I'm overly biased or unfair, please let us know. Comment below or contact me or tweet at me with criticism in my methodology or analysis. If I'm doing something wrong, I want to hear it. But if your problem is only with the sides being portrayed in this story and not the facts being presented or the process I'm providing, feel free to use the same process for fake news from the other direction. You're not doing either of us a service by blindly discounting things because of an immediate political revulsion instead of using careful consideration to actually find the facts for yourself.
Fresh leaves of Ocimum Sanctum (OS) were used to study its effect on male reproductive function (sperm count and reproductive hormones) in male albino rabbits. Animals in the test group received supplementation of 2 g of fresh leaves of OS per rabbit for 30 days, while the control group was maintained on normal diet for the same duration. Sperm count and hormonal estimation [testosterone, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), and luteinizing hormone (LH)] were done in serum samples of both groups and compared. A significant decrease was noted in the sperm count in test group rabbits. Serum testosterone levels showed marked increase while FSH and LH levels were significantly reduced in OS-treated rabbits. The results suggest the potential use of OS as an effective male contraceptive agent.
Ocimum Sanctum (OS) – popularly known as tulsi in Hindi and holy basil in English is one of the sacred herbs for Hindus in the Indian subcontinent. It has a versatile role in traditional medicine.[ 1 ] The whole plant of Ocimum Sanctum has medicinal value, although mostly the leaves, and sometimes the seeds, are used.[ 2 ] Earlier studies with OS have indicated that the plant has hypoglycaemic,[ 3 ] hypolipidaemic,[ 4 ] adaptogenic,[ 5 ] anti-cancer,[ 6 ] radioprotective,[ 7 ] analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties.[ 8 ] Village women and Ayurvedic physicians have been reported to be using tulsi leaves for anti-fertility effect,[ 9 ] but this type of traditional practice has been limited to rural areas of India. A rational approach to this traditional practice with modern scientific methods is not available in medical literature in spite of the easy availability of OS in India. Leaves of OS have antizygotic, anti-implantation and early abortifacient effect in women and in experimental animals.[ 10 ] Since no study is available to document the effect of OS on the levels of reproductive hormones, mainly luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), the present study was undertaken to analyse the effect of OS on the sperm count and reproductive hormones in male rabbits.
Male albino rabbits weighing 1.5-2.5 kg were procured from the disease-free animal house of the CCS Haryana Agriculture University, Hisar (Haryana, India). The rabbits were housed under controlled conditions of light (12-h light-dark cycle) and temperature [(23 ± 2) ºC] with free access to respective diets and water ad libitum for a period of 30 days. Fresh tulsi leaves were collected, cleaned, and weighed and used in the study. Institutional Animal Ethics Committee (IAEC) approval (IAEC/PATHO/08/2352-58 dated 18.09.08) was obtained before the experiment and care of animal was taken as per guidelines of CPCSEA, Department of Animal Welfare, Government of India.
After 30 days, blood samples were taken from the pinna vein for assessment of hormone levels (testosterone, FSH, and LH) from both groups. The hormones were assayed by principle of chemiluminescence using chemiluminometer (Advia Centaur CP, Siemens),[ 11 ] and sperm count was assessed in all animals. The cauda epididymis from both sides were removed and washed repeatedly in 10 ml of normal physiological saline. Spermatozoa were counted by using 1-ml aliquots of sperm suspension with the help of a haemocytometer.[ 12 ] The animals were sacrificed by phenobarbitone 30 mg/kg IV dose. Data obtained were analysed statistically by applying Student's t test using SPSS version 14.0.
In the present study, a significant (P < 0.001) decrease in sperm count was observed in rabbits fed on OS leaves as compared to control animals. A marked increase in serum testosterone level was observed in OS-treated rabbits as compared to control. However LH level was significantly reduced in this group. In fact, LH level was undetectable in the serum of all animals. FSH levels in the test group decreased (0.13 ± 0.03 mIU/ml) as compared to that in the control group (0.64 ± 0.05 mIU/ml) [ ].
D ISCUSSION
Male reproductive process is regulated by intricately balanced mechanisms involving the hypothalamus-pituitary-testis axis and accessory sex organs. It is believed that for initiation as well as maintenance of spermatogenesis in humans, both FSH and testosterone are needed. The gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) secreted by the hypothalamus regulates the synthesis and release of FSH and LH from the pituitary. FSH acts on the Sertoli cells, which are located within the seminiferous tubules in close proximity of developing germ cells, and stimulates production of various proteins including inhibin, androgen-binding protein (ABP), aromatase, anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH), etc. The LH acts on the Leydig cells located in the intertubular space and stimulates production of testosterone. Intratesticular testosterone concentration in humans is about 200-300 times higher than that in peripheral circulation. Testosterone has profound influence on germ cell development and differentiation. It exerts a negative feedback action on LH secretion, and also on FSH (at higher concentration) acting on hypothalamic-pituitary axis.[13]
Results of the present study clearly show that tulsi treatment (2 g/day) brings about a reduction in sperm count, which is in agreement with the earlier reports. Khanna et al, have reported significant decrease in sperm count and motility as well as decrease in the weight of testes, epididymis, seminal vesicle, and ventral prostate after long-term feeding of OS leaves.[14] The long-term feeding of fresh tulsi leaves (465 mg/kg/day) have shown to increase the body weight, while decrease the weights of testes, prostate, and adrenal gland in rats. The results suggested that infertility in male rats seems to be due to impairment of spermatogenesis as well as changes like decrease in pH, hypotonic environment, and chemical substances like mucoproteins, alkaline phosphatase and acid phosphatase in spermatogenic cells leading to formation of non-viable spermatozoa.[15] However, Seth et al, reported that benzene extract of OS leaves significantly altered the weight of testes but did not have any significant effect on epididymis, seminal vesicle, prostate, and vas deferens.[16] Treatment with OS leaves led to a highly significant increase in testosterone levels. FSH and LH levels also showed a significant decrease in the test group after tulsi treatment. A possible hypothesis to explain this pattern of changes in hormone levels could be that tulsi leaves probably contain some androgenic analogue, which increased the circulating testosterone levels sufficiently to inhibit LH but not sufficient to accumulate in the testis at the required concentration for normal spermatogenesis. However, the decreased LH levels will diminish intratesticular production of testosterone by Leydig cells, which results in reduced levels of spermatogenesis. For suppression of spermatogenesis, different androgens and progestins have been used either alone or in combination. Reddy and Rao administered testosterone propionate 100 mg daily intramuscularly to normal volunteers and achieved azoospermia in 100% subjects.[17] Weekly IM injections of 200 mg testosterone enanthate given to 399 normal healthy fertile males produced azoospermia or severe oligospermia (sperm density <3 million/ml) in more than 95% volunteers. This contraceptive effect was comparable to female contraceptive pills, and was reversible.[18]
It can thus be concluded that antispermatogenic effect of OS is brought about by modulation of levels of reproductive hormones. Since this is a preliminary study, further studies are required to establish the role of OS as an effective herbal male contraceptive.
It's summer now, and that means primo sailing season on the Mediterranean for Africans invading Europe to obtain a first-world lifestyle with lots of free stuff.
On its Wednesday front page, the Washington Post published a photo of a rescue ship near the Libyan coast.
The fleebags are getting thick around Italy, according to recent reports:
State of ‘Collapse': Italy Overwhelmed as 13,500 African Migrants Arrive in Past Two Days, Breitbart.com, June 27, 2017 Italy's migrant welcome centers are in a state of “collapse” as huge waves of African migrants take advantage of the temperate climate to make the crossing from Libya to the Italian peninsula. On Tuesday, 8,500 African migrants are reaching Italian shores aboard 14 different ships, adding to the 5,000 who arrived on Monday. The massive arrivals have led local media as well as politicians to speak of an authentic immigrant “invasion” exceeding the country's capacity of assimilation. Officials reported on June 15 that more than 65,000 migrants had arrived since the beginning of the year, but that was prior to the latest influx. Figures for the year now stand at 73,380 migrants into Italy, or a rise of 14.42 percent over the same period in 2016, when then-record arrivals had reached 64,133. The exodus from Libya to the Italian coast has continuing unabated with no visible action on the part of the Italian government or the European Union to halt it. . . .
Say, don't the Italians have a Navy that could defend their country? Italy is perfectly shaped for naval protection from sea-borne invasions, but it seems to have pre-surrendered.
Meanwhile the employment prospects for the illegal aliens in Europe look poor generally. Perhaps Chancellor Angela Merkel thought she could bolster Germany's sagging population growth and worker supply by inviting the muslim world. Did she think the Middle East was a hotbed of education and skills? If so, reality must be dawning by now about the new residents — perhaps.
The Express article below focuses on Syrians in Germany, but one estimate puts the Syrian percentage of migrants at less than 40 percent. And these days, the crowd of Africans headed to Europe is ticking upward — numbers are up 40 percent from 2016. We can assume that the Africans are less educated and skilled than Syrians, and most of them will be welfare cases far into the future.
The Go Cart is finally powered up and running!
I wasn't going at full speed due to the approaching car as you might notice…
Before I go any farther I have to extend a massive THANK YOU to Ryobi for providing many of the tools that made this project possible.
I have been a little busy recently which is why this build log – I will continue to update with additional photos and videos – is all one page.
To recap I started the project by creating a CAD model for the bare-bones frame of the cart.
I was able to Waterjet most of the brackets for the 80/20 which saved me a lot over having to by $7 brackets. Thanks GT Invention Studio.
Next came a lot of boxes…
From McMaster Carr
80/20 (1 inch)
Nuts and Bolts
Aluminum Bars/Blocks (either 3/16 inch or 1 inch thick)
Bearings and other assorted hardware.
Hella Switch
Terminal Block
From Hobbyking
2x Turnigy Aerodrive SK3 – 5065-236kv Brushless Outrunner Motor
4x 4S1P LiPo ( the best Watt/Dollar rate)
Battery Charger and Power Supply
Noodle wire, Shrink Tube, a LiPo charging back and other electronic goodies.
From Amazon
From TNC Scooters
From AndyMark
Sprockets (currently a 9:42 reduction)
#25 Chain and connector links
From Ebay
24V 500W Motor Controllers (no hall)
A note about the motor controllers. While they might seem sketchy (yes they are) so far they have worked great. The only downside is that they require the wheels to be spinning ~1mph from the motor controllers to kick in and start moving. They also max out at 4700rpm. Charles Guan provides a fantastic explanation of how these things work and why you should buy them if you don't yet have the technical expertise of using a Kelly controller
I had a number of parts like wheels, collars, some 1″x2″ 80/20 from a disbanded FIRST team.
Once I had all of the parts it was time to build the frame which I talked about here. It was not terribly complicated as T-Sloted framing bolts together quite nicely.
Finishing up the Frame
I still needed to add an enclosed area to house all of the electronics and a seat. The seat is a bike seat that I had lying around mounted to some 80/20.
Meanwhile the frame is built from 3/16 inch aluminum plate. Its a little excessive in terms of strength, but at least none of the electronics are going to get damaged.
Also as you may have noticed from the video the cart is not the most comfortable thing to ride around for long periods so I need to raise the seat up and angle the throttle so my foot can press it. Right now you have to press down on it toward the ground instead of pressing forward in the direction of travel.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
WHEELS, SPROCKETS AND CHAIN!
What should have been the one of the easier parts of the go cart turned out to be quite annoying. The reason is because the #25 chain will not wrap all of the way around the sprocket due to the distance between the teeth. Instead I had to attach 2 more sprockets to ensure that the chain only ran along a limited portion of the sprocket.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Putting the chain itself together was not a problem because I could adjust the distance of the motor to main sprocket since the motor was mounted to a plate on 80/20 so it could slide up and down.
Assembling the Electronics
Big globs of solder are required so make sure you have a soldering iron handy with a big tip (no SMD parts here). Then cover everything with Shrink Tube. I ordered a bunch of sizes from Hobbking because its so cheap and used a hair dryer.
I did also make use of the handy connectors Hobbyking has developed to form parallel packs for their batteries. This makes it a lot easier to recharge and repurpose the batteries without having to resolver components.
The connections are pretty straightforward because the motor controllers act like a hub. The power, motors and throttle all connect directly to them. Just make sure to add the switch and fuse between the controllers and batteries.
Also important are the lots of additional connectors that come with the controllers. Just cut them off. If you don't know what it does just cut it off. The controllers come with a sheet explaining what each connector is but in my case I left one connected and cold not figure out why the go cart was simply spinning full speed ahead without the throttle being engaged.
Here you can see the battery packs joined together in parallel to form a 8S2P pack. On the opposite side are the motor controllers.
It helps to fasten the packs down with some velcro straps instead of bouncing around. The downside to an all metal case like this is that if you leave anything exposed there is the chance of a short so I covered everything in electrical tape and/or shrink tube.
And the fuse on the outside of the case. It makes for easy replacement incase I blow a fuse. At some point I need to provide a cover for the motors so that crud from the road does not get inside them.
The Top 50 Youtube Guitar Channels covers lessons, magazines, manufacturers, guitar stores, reviews, guitarists, and pretty much everything guitar centric. All of the channels below had reached at least 2 million total views by March of 2012. Our focus was on channels producing high quality guitar videos at regular intervals.
1. GuitarJamz.com #1 (martyzsongs) 155,460,210 views – guitar tabs
2. NextLevelGuitar.com (rockongoodpeople) 99,932,874 views – guitar lessons
3. Guitar World Magazine (guitarworld) 64,320,207 views – interviews, reviews, more
4. Pro Guitar Shop (proguitarshopdemos) 63,773,977 views – reviews, giveaways
5. Steve Vai (stevevaihimself) 62,360,889 views – performances, more
6. JustinGuitar.com #1 (justinsandercoesongs) 61,403,646 views – guitar tabs
7. JustinGuitar.com #2 (justinsandercoe) 51,719,520 views – guitar techniques
8. GuitarJamz.com #2 (guitarjamzdotcom) 46,967,937 views – guitar lessons
9. True Fire (truefiretv) 29,295,874 views – guitar lessons
10. FreeGuitarVideos.com (Free Guitar Videos) 29,098,589 views – guitar lessons
Guitar Chords
11. Guitar Center (guitarcentertv) 26,982,367 views – performances
12. Fender Guitars (fendermusical) 26,525,269 views – product demos, interviews
13. Dolphinstreet (rotren) 26,104,512 views – lessons
14. Fretted Americana (frettedamericana) 24,523,943 views – vintage guitar store
15. Your Guitar Sage (yourguitarsage) 23,922,120 views – lessons
16. Premier Guitar Magazine (premierguitar) 22,189,563 views – product reviews & giveaways
17. Gear Man Dude (gearmanndude) 18,889,393 views – guitar pedal reviews
18. Rob Chapman (robchappers) 18,141,209 views – whacky reviews
19. Berklee Music (berkleemusic) 16,479,784 views – lessons
20. GuitarJamz.com #3 (youcanlearnguitar) 15,766,527 views – lessons and reviews
21. Slash (slash) 15,564,433 views – performances
22. Gibson Guitars (gibsonguitarcorp) 15,349,961 views – mainly interviews
23. Sweetwater (sweetwatersound) 12,251,874 views – product demonstrations
24. John Heussenstam (johnhguitar) 9,258,731 views – reviews & lessons
25. Stevie Snacks (gr8bluesgtr) 9,246,090 views – blues guitar lessons
26. Electro-Harmonix (ehx) 9,067,055 views – gear demos
27. Eric Clapton (ericclapton) 8,929,384 views – concert footage
28. Taylor Guitars (taylorqualityguitars) 7,493,852 views – interviews, demos, tips
29. TC Electronic (tcelectronic) 7,268,794 views – guitar effects demos & discussion
30. GuitarJamz.com #4 (martyfs74) 7,229,441 views – guitar tab lessons
31. Music Radar (musicradartv) 7,206,138 views – guitars and gear reviews
32. Dunlop (jimdunlopusa) 6,370,190 views – guitar pedal videos
33. D'Addario Strings (daddariostrings) 5,519,197 views – guitarist interviews
34. Music Farm (themusicfarm) 5,126,461 views – guitar gear reviews
35. Shred Academy (shredacademy) 4,904,549 views – heavy metal lessons
36. Line 6 (line6movies) 4,510,863 views – guitar effects videos
37. Vox Amps (voxampsforever) 4,235,481 views – guitar amp demos
38. GuitarLessons.com (guitarlessonscom) 4,015,813 views – lessons
39. Guitar Lessons 365 (guitarlessons365) 3,540,785 views – lessons
40. Acoustic Guitar Magazine (acousticguitarmag) 3,498,304 views – performances, reviews
41. Musician's Friend (musiciansfriend) 3,365,251 views – gear demonstrations
42. DiMarzio Pickups (larrydimarzio) 3,358,983 views – interviews & setup guides
43. Peavey (pvelectronics) 2,850,090 views – gear demonstrations
44. Guitar Tricks (guitartricks) 2,809,461 views – guitar lessons
45. Mesa Boogie (mesaengineering1969) 2,757,416 views – guitar effects videos
46. Dean Guitars (deanguitarsvideos) 2,507,986 views – guitarist interviews
47. Marshall Amps (insidemarshall) 2,503,278 views – guitar amp videos
48. Joe Satriani (websatch) 2,437,009 views – insights into his playing
49. Jim Bruce (acoustictravellersl) 2,407,588 views – blues lessons
50. Ibanez (ibanezofficial) 2,118,293 views – interviews and demos
Toronto FC's Jay Chapman marked his full international debut with the game-winning goal as Canada took a 4-2 victory against Bermuda on Sunday afternoon in an international exhibition at the Bermuda National Sports Centre.
Chapman – who made his professional debut in the USL for Toronto FC II in the club's inaugural game in the 2015 season – was one of five players to make their full international debut, with Ottawa Fury FC goalkeeper Callum Irving, Vancouver Whitecaps FC 2 goalkeeper Sean Melvin and former USL loanees Ben Fisk and Ben McKendry also making their first appearances for their country.
Bermuda's lineup included Dante Leverock, who played for the Harrisburg City Islanders over the past two seasons, and the hosts took the lead in the 11th minute through Jalen Harvey. Canada hit back with two goals in three minutes by Toronto FC duo Jonathan Osorio and Tosaint Ricketts, and carried the lead to the halftime break.
“Thrilling.” “Catastrophic.” “Devastating.” “Disappointment.” “Supremely artful.” “Increasingly unwatchable.” “Great.” “Drunk.”
The words above are excerpts from a four-year argument with myself. All of them have been plucked from pieces I've written about Homeland since it premiered in 2011. Flipping through my own back pages is an exercise in extremity and whiplash. Was I constantly wrong? Was I ever right? Or is bipolarity par for the course when reviewing a series like Homeland, one that chugs merrily along the tracks laid by its crazy-train protagonist, Carrie Mathison?
Looking back over past mistakes is a luxury not often afforded to high-intensity professionals, be they clandestine field agents or stressed showrunners. (For both, the next existential crisis is only an explosion — literal or otherwise — away.) But in the 10 months since I happily declared that Homeland had “restored my admiration” — let the record show that this declaration occurred less than three months after I had announced “you can't go Homeland again” — and on the eve of Sunday's highly enjoyable season premiere, I've grown reflective. Homeland debuted at more or less the same time I did as a full-time television critic. My early championing of the Showtime drama did much to publicly establish my voice and my taste. (Likes: espionage and white-wine drunks. Dislikes: teenage sons in prominent roles.) When Homeland's finale detonated like a dirty bomb in December 2011, enthralling even the president with its audacity and timeliness, it felt as though I had lucked into covering the next great TV drama. When Homeland won the last award of the night at the 2012 Emmys, it was clear I wasn't the only one who felt that way.
The problem was that the very thing that made Homeland stand out also made it vulnerable. In comparison to the celebrated slow burn of the previous decade's dramas, Homeland's Molotov cocktail of sex and secrets seemed more radical than the dread Abu Nazir. But leaving the audience wondering “how can they ever top that?” so early in a show's run is risky. It's possible to build buzz off of a single, titillating question — in this case, was POW turned Carrie paramour Nicholas Brody actually a terrorist? — but you can't construct an entire series off of it.
The more popular Homeland became in that first year, the more unsustainable its central mystery became. The show was ascending, but, in hindsight, it's possible to see that we were watching a high-wire act, not a rocket launch. We weren't gawping at the way it went up so much as we were gasping that it hadn't yet come crashing down to earth.
Even so, Homeland's second season started strong and even dazzled with its fifth episode, “Q&A,” in which Carrie confronted Brody with her own weapon of mass destruction: the truth. And, with that, all of the show's storytelling chips were pushed into the center of an interrogation table. Showrunner Alex Gansa and his team of veteran scribes had written themselves into an existential corner: They could continue to push events toward a natural conclusion, one that would deal with the real — or real-adjacent — fallout of Brody's betrayal and likely result in his death. Or they could take one more spin of the wheel, betting everything on the long-term viability and appeal of a certain treasonous redhead. I think we all know how that turned out, particularly those of us who spent actual work hours Googling “remote-control pacemaker assassination.” From the Season 2 moment in which the villainous Abu Nazir — in mufti, in Virginia — shackled Carrie to a pipe until Homeland exorcised its Brody demons one final time with last year's cleansing “13 Hours in Islamabad,” Homeland frustrated as much as it entertained. As Carrie fell head over heels in love, the show stumbled right along with her.
Still, for as much as I complained about Gansa's choice of soap over opera while it was happening, I certainly don't begrudge it now. For decades, the primary business model of television was to find something — anything! — that works and then maintain it for as long as you possibly can. Pivoting Homeland toward its buzziest extremes was, at its essence, no different from Family Matters becoming all Urkel, all the time or Lost doubling down on time-traveling polar bear insanity. TV is an insatiable animal gorging at an impossible pace. You can't plan for tomorrow — or next season — when there's barely enough material to get through today. There are greater sins than feeding the beast by giving it exactly what it claims to want, long-term consequences be damned.
So, it's easy to say that Gansa and his team were merely chasing ratings when they went all in on the Carrie-Brody faux-mance, or merely trying to survive. But I think the truth is more complicated. What has always distinguished the Homeland writers room is that it is packed with so many smart, talented TV lifers: people like the late Henry Bromell, Meredith Stiehm, and Gansa himself, all of whom spent decades toiling in the unglamorous, blue-collar trenches of shows that are widely watched but rarely celebrated. (Bromell devoted years to Northern Exposure and Brotherhood. Stiehm created Cold Case. Gansa did time on Dawson's Creek and Numb3rs.) These are well-compensated adults, not kids looking to establish themselves with shocks or win the Internet with clicks. What they sought, I'd argue, is both simpler and more elusive: greatness. When Homeland's first season reached that rarefied air of cultural and artistic acclaim afforded to only the very few — your Weiners, your Davids (Simon or Chase) — I'd wager it was hard to imagine dipping back down into the industry's familiar, workaday slog. That the show's ticking-clock conceit made its high standards impossible to maintain was unthinkable. Under this scenario, what did Homeland in wasn't the show's willingness to leap off of creative cliffs. It was Gansa's stubborn, admirable belief that he and his team could always find a way to stay aloft.
I wanted Homeland to be great too. It's why I continued to beat the drum for its excellence even when the show had lost it. But it's also why, over time, I occasionally caught myself reviewing the show as it existed in my head rather than reviewing the one that was flickering across my screen. It's a very natural fan reaction to be disappointed by a once-beloved program — with relationships this intimate and long-lasting, every misstep is a betrayal. But, as a critic, I ought to be more dispassionate. Reading some of my recaps from Seasons 2 and 3, I'm struck by how offended I often was by Homeland's natural growing pains, how unforgiving I could be toward exactly the sort of wild (some might say “insane”) risk-taking that, in other circumstances, I openly pine for. I often dinged Carrie Mathison for the way she greeted every geopolitical hiccup like a slap to the face and each personal setback as the start of World War III. But was I any less rational? Even when Homeland was good, it was never quite good enough for me.
This binge-and-purge cycle of ardent engagement and snarky disdain is the thready heartbeat of Internet culture in 2015; it's a wonder anything survives it for long, let alone something as fragile as a television show. Critics aren't immune to it, and neither are creators. Yet to take a step back from its grim rhythm is to appreciate the many things Homeland did well, even when Dana Brody was still taking road trips: its willingness to engage in the messiest corners of the American psyche and the larger world, its devotion to shock-and-awe storytelling, the steady warmth of Mandy Patinkin‘s unflappable supporting performance. In our hyperbolic moment, it's important to note that a show can often be worthwhile even if it's not consistently first rate. A steady B is nothing to sneeze at, even if it's easily overlooked in the rush to hand out A's and F's.
Not that I need to explain that to Homeland's many fans. It's worth noting that for as much as my critical peers and I soured on Homeland, the public at large never did. The ratings stayed strong through all the Brody mishegoss, and, when he was finally dispatched to that great Yorkshire Gold plantation in the sky, they barely dipped. (Season 3 averaged near 2 million viewers per original airing. And, give or take a few hundred thousand, so did Season 4.) The affection within the industry for Homeland never wavered, either. The show was nominated for Outstanding Drama at last month's Emmys, just as it has been every year save one. This suggests that the bulk of Homeland's audience and creative peers came to grips with the show's reality long before either its critics or, indeed, its creators ever did.
♦♦♦
Showtime
The Homeland that returns on Sunday night is older and wiser. I won't go so far as to say it's peaceful — this is still Homeland, after all, and a pipe bomb goes off in Act 3 — but it is decidedly at peace: with itself, with its abilities, and with the sort of story it's best suited to tell. Set two years after the noisy events of last season and filmed entirely on location in Berlin, Homeland now strikes me as the decent, engrossing, and occasionally infuriating show it was always meant to be. It's a savvy hybrid of 20th-century spy fiction and 21st-century histrionics — imagine John Le Carré's 24 or Smiley's People as directed by Neveldine & Taylor. Freed, at last, from the burden of Brody — though his baby still hangs on Carrie's neck like an adorable albatross — Homeland has become at once more nimble and somehow sturdier. It plays solely to its strengths. Occasionally, it even drops the grimace and plays.
The German backdrops are new, but so, too, is the context: Two years have passed since the fourth season; the Iranian threat has been swapped for a Snowdenesque data breach, and a Syrian refugee crisis threatens stability in the region and beyond. I must say, it's a huge relief to have story lines ripped from the headlines, not a Harlequin novel. Homeland is well suited to this reimagining as a sort of global Law & Order, one custom-built for a confusing, gray-streaked era in which data is fiercely monitored but drones are not.
To the relief of everyone, allies and enemies alike, Carrie has quit the CIA. She's living in Germany with her daughter and a new red-haired lover — hey, the heart wants what it wants! — this one an even-keeled attorney and Carrie's coworker at the Düring Foundation, a global charity run by a dashing industrialist (Sebastian Koch, The Lives of Others). When some enterprising hackers inadvertently swipe a phone book's worth of secrets right out from under the nose of the Berlin station chief (played by Miranda Otto with poise and, yes, red hair), a slimmed-down and hawkish Saul Berenson jets in to help clean up the mess. His chosen janitor? Rupert Friend's deadly Peter Quinn, a black-ops assassin now trending perilously close to permanent midnight.
That all of these players collide in unexpected and violent ways is no surprise. (That a well-medicated Carrie, nine months sober in the premiere, will leap, liver-first, off the wagon isn't much of one either.) But I found it surprisingly pleasurable to watch them do it. Koch and Patinkin make for fine sparring partners — the former purring, the latter practically barking. (“You are all great humanitarians, you Americans,” Düring says to a furious Saul, “when someone else is on trial.”) Nina Hoss, after a brief appearance last year as one of Quinn's old flames, is a welcome addition to the cast as a Teutonic spook. And Danes, at last, is on much steadier ground. After years playing the lone-wolf crusader, Carrie is now a babysitter for idealists. Her innate pessimism about the world, once a professional calling card, is no longer a point of pride. Rather, it's something to mourn.
Yes, blemishes abound: It'd be nice if Homeland trusted its audience enough to allow German nationals and Hezbollah soldiers to speak in something other than accented English. I wish that a series so devoted to chronicling the West's engagement with the Muslim world would make an effort to include a single nonwhite face in its cast. (It's not necessarily malicious that characters played by David Harewood and Nazanin Boniadi were killed off in previous seasons, but it's not exactly awesome, either.) And it'd be preferable for all involved if left-leaning characters, like Koch's Düring and Laura Sutton, a crusading journalist played by Sarah Sokolovic, weren't presented as vain dupes or grandstanding assholes — as if belief in due process were a character flaw.
But to its credit, Homeland has never run from mistakes. (In fact, one could argue quite the opposite.) At this stage, I actually appreciate Gansa's sporadic overreach — far better to be “a man too used to getting his own way,” as Saul is described by a rival, than a man who has given up trying entirely. Homeland remains a messy, occasionally manic entertainment. It fishes for big ideas with C4; it's an infantry grunt treading into political territory usually reserved for snipers. Yet it tells a cracking story and does so with more style and verve than most. Is that great? No. But it's good. And given the circumstances, that is more than good enough.
Target released a competed list of locations for its first 125 Canadian stores opening next year and said it will announce additional locations for those opening in 2014 later this year.
The Minneapolis-based rival of Walmart aims to open 200 new stores in Canada generating sales of $6-billion per year, and had said previously it would open 125 to 135 in 2013.
Is Target coming to a city or town near you? Check the map and read our complete list below.
[np-related]
Opening March and April 2013
Ontario
Ajax – Durham Centre
Aurora – Aurora Shopping Centre
Brampton – Shoppers World Brampton
Burlington – Burlington Mall
Burlington – Millcroft Centre
Brampton – Trinity Common
Cambridge – Cambridge Centre
Fergus – Gates of Fergus
Guelph – Stone Road Mall
Hamilton – Centre Mall
Kawartha Lakes – Lindsay Square Mall
London – Masonville Place
London – Westmount Shopping Centre
Milton – Milton Mall Shopping Centre
Mississauga – Square One Shopping Centre
Newmarket – Upper Canada Mall
Orillia – Orillia Square Mall
Toronto – Centrepoint Mall
Toronto – Cloverdale Mall
Toronto – East York Town Centre
Toronto – Shoppers World Danforth
Waterdown – Flamborough Power Centre
Whitby – Taunton Road Power Centre
Windsor – Devonshire Mall
Opening spring 2013
British Columbia
Campbell River – Discovery Harbour Shopping Centre
Coquitlam – Coquitlam Centre
Cranbrook – Tamarack Mall
Delta – Scottsdale Mall
Kamloops- Sahali Centre Mall
Prince George – Pine Centre
Langley – Willowbrook Shopping Centre
Nanaimo – Nanaimo North Town Centre
Vernon – Village Green Mall
Victoria – Tillicum Centre
Alberta
Calgary – Chinook Centre
Calgary – Forest Lawn Shopping Centre
Calgary – Market Mall
Calgary – Shoppes at Shawnessy
Edmonton – Bonnie Doon Shopping Centre
Edmonton – Mill Woods Town Centre
Edmonton – West Edmonton Mall
Grande Prairie – Prairie Mall
Red Deer – Bower Place
Sherwood Park – Sherwood Park Mall
St. Albert – St. Albert Centre
Manitoba
Brandon – Shoppers Mall
Winnipeg – Kildonan Place Shopping Centre
Winnipeg – Southdale Centre
Opening summer 2013
British Columbia
Courtenay – Driftwood Mall
Kelowna – Orchard Park Plaza
Alberta
Calgary – Signal Hill
Medicine Hat – Medicine Hat Mall
Saskatchewan
Regina – Northgate Mall
Saskatoon – The Mall at Lawson Heights
Saskatoon – Centre at Circle & Eighth
Ontario
Ancaster – Meadowland Power Centre
Brampton- Bramalea City Centre
Chatham – Thames Lea Plaza
Hamilton – South Hamilton Square
Kingston – Cataraqui Town Centre
Kitchener – Laurentian Mall
Niagara Falls – 7190 Morrison Street
North Bay – 1899 Algonquin Avenue
Oakville – Hopedale Mall
Oshawa, Ontario – Five Points Shopping Centre
Stoney Creek – Queenston Place
Thunder Bay – Intercity Shopping Centre
Welland – Seaway Mall
Opening fall 2013
Quebec
Anjou – Galeries D'Anjou
Boisbriand – Faubourg Boisbriand
Brossard – Place Portobello
Gatineau – Les Galeries Gatineau
Laval – Mega Centre Autoroute 13
Joliette – Les Galeries Joliette
Levis – Galeries Chagnon
Montreal – Place Alexis Nihon
Montreal – Place Versailles Shopping Centre
Montreal – Place Vertu
Quebec City – Place Fleur De Lys
Rimouski – Le Carrefour Rimouski
Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville – Les Promenades Saint-Bruno
Saint-Georges – Carrefour Saint-Georges
Sainte-Foy – Place Laurier
Saint-Jerome – Carrefour Du Nord
St. Eustache – Carrefour St-Eustache
Trois-Rivieres – Les Rivieres Shopping Centre
Ontario
Kanata – Hazeldean Mall
Orleans – Place D'Orleans
Ottawa – Billings Bridge Plaza
Smith Falls – County Fair Mall
Nova Scotia
Bedford – Bedford Place
Dartmouth – Mic Mac Mall
Halifax – Bayers Lake Power Centre
Opening winter 2013
British Columbia
Abbotsford – Abbotsford Power Centre
Burnaby – Metropolis at Metrotown
Chilliwack – Cottonwood Mall
Maple Ridge – Haney Place Mall
Richmond – Lansdowne Centre
Surrey – Surrey Place/Central City
Alberta
Calgary – Sunridge Mall
Edmonton – Kingsway Garden Mall
Manitoba
Winnipeg – Grant Park
Ontario
Bowmanville – Clarington Town Centre
Mississauga – Westdale Mall
Nepean – Meadowlands Shopping Centre
Pickering – Pickering Town Centre
Richmond Hill – Hillcrest Mall
St. Catharines – Pen Centre
Stratford – Stratford Mall
Sudbury – Sudbury Supermall
Waterloo – Conestoga Mall
Quebec
Lasalle – Carrefour Angrignon
Laval – Centre Laval
Longueuil – Place Longueuil
Pointe Claire – Terrarium Shopping Centre
Quebec City – Les Galeries De La Capitale
Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu – Carrefour Richelieu
Sherbrooke – Carrefour De L'Estrie
Nova Scotia
Sydney – Sydney Shopping Centre
New Brunswick
Fredericton – Uptown Centre
Moncton – Northwest Centre
St. John – Mcallister Place
Newfoundland
Corner Brook – Corner Brook
St. John's – Cabot Square
PEI
Charlottetown – Charlottetown Mall
When archaeologists found a tunnel under Mexico's ‘birthplace of the gods', they could only dream of the riches they would discover. Now its wonders – from jewel-eyed figures to necklaces of human teeth – are being revealed to the world
In 2003, a tunnel was discovered beneath the Feathered Serpent pyramid in the ruins of Teotihuacan, the ancient city in Mexico. Undisturbed for 1,800 years, the sealed-off passage was found to contain thousands of extraordinary treasures lying exactly where they had first been placed as ritual offerings to the gods. Items unearthed included greenstone crocodile teeth, crystals shaped into eyes, and sculptures of jaguars ready to pounce. Even more remarkable was a miniature mountainous landscape, 17 metres underground, with tiny pools of liquid mercury representing lakes. The walls of the tunnel were found to have been carefully impregnated with powdered pyrite, or fool's gold, to give the effect in firelight of standing under a galaxy of stars.
The archaeological site, near Mexico City, is one of the largest and most important in the world, with millions of visitors every year. This was its most exciting development for decades – and the significance of these new discoveries is explored in a major exhibition opening this month at the de Young Museum in San Francisco.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest What lies beneath … the Pyramid of the Moon at Teotihuacan. Photograph: Eye Ubiquitous/UIG via Getty Images
Teotihuacan has long been a place of mysteries. It was the most populous city in the Americas nearly 2,000 years ago, but little is known about its language, rulers or the circumstances of its collapse, in around AD550. Its name, which means “birthplace of the gods”, was given much later by the Aztecs, who treated the ruins – including the monumental Pyramids of the Sun and Moon and the majestic Avenue of the Dead – with due reverence.
Many questions remain unanswered, but the newly discovered tunnel has led to a greater understanding of the design and mythology of Teotihuacan, which was a sacred place as well as a bustling metropolis. The de Young exhibition, as well as showcasing artworks from numerous collections, offers the latest theories about the mysteries that still surround it.
The tunnel was chanced upon by Mexican archaeologist Sergio Gómez Chávez, who, after days of heavy rain, noticed that a sinkhole – a danger to tourists – had opened up near the foot of the Feathered Serpent pyramid. He shone a torch in but could see only darkness, so tied a rope round his waist and was lowered by workers down the hole, which with surprise he realised was a perfectly cylindrical shaft.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Explorer … a camera robot travels along the vast tunnel under the Pyramid of the Feathered Snake. Photograph: Courtesy of INAH/Project Tlalocan.
There was, he recalls, a sharp stench that was nearly unbearable, but at the bottom he peered through a gap in the rubble to see an underground passage, evidently an ancient construction. Work proceeded cautiously: before a dig began, his team used a robot with a video camera to explore the tunnel, which turned out to be as long as a football field, passing below the nearby great plaza as well as the pyramid. “We were amazed by what no one had seen for at least 1,500 years,” says Gómez Chávez in the show's catalogue. At one end, the passage opened out into three chambers containing riches worthy of a quest by Indiana Jones.
The vast Pyramids of the Sun and Moon are different from those of ancient Egypt, being temples rather than tombs. They are connected by the Street of the Dead as part of an urban grid, the whole pattern oriented to the movement of the sun. The city's very design contains the idea of it being “the birthplace of the gods” – where the universe was thought to have begun. Watermarks along the walls of Gómez Chávez's passage have proved that the huge plaza above it was deliberately flooded to create a kind of primordial sea, with pyramids as metaphorical mountains emerging from the water as at the beginning of time. Thousands of people would have witnessed ceremonies re-enacting the creation myth.
The inhabitants of the city, along with those from similar civilisations, believed the universe had three levels, connected by an axis: the celestial plane, the earthly plane and the underworld, which wasn't the Biblical place of fiery punishment but a dark, watery realm of creation, with lakes and mountains – it signified riches and rebirth as well as death. The rich array of objects Gómez Chávez has brought up from the passage – large spiral shells, beetle wings arranged in a box, hundreds of metal spheres – was left there as treasure to appease the gods. But it also seems that the tunnel, with its pyrite galaxy and liquid mercury lakes, was itself a re-creation of the underworld.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Worthy of a quest by Indiana Jones … Feathered Serpent head. Photograph: Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco
Most remarkably, at the end of the passage Gómez Chávez's team uncovered four greenstone statues, which are a highlight of the de Young show. They are wearing garments and beads, and their open eyes would have shone with minerals. Two were still in their original positions, leaning back and apparently gazing up at the axis where the three planes of the universe meet: these are the founding shamans of Teotihuacan, who guided pilgrims to the sacred place. They carried bundles of sacred objects used to perform magic, including pendants and pyrite mirrors, which were seen as portals to another realm.
Other major Teotihuacan discoveries from the past few decades are represented in the show. A court is now thought to have existed near the plaza, where residents would have played the Mesoamerican equivalent of racquetball. In the 1980s, evidence of human sacrifice was found inside the Feathered Serpent pyramid. More than 100 warriors, kneeling with their hands bound behind their backs, are believed to have died there. Many wore necklaces of shells carved to look like human teeth; a few were made of actual teeth. In another pyramid, copious remains of animal sacrifices have been discovered, including wolves, rattlesnakes, golden eagles and pumas.
The facade of the Feathered Serpent was designed to be fearsome, with imposing stone carvings of the warlike reptile with a headdress (similar to the Aztec god Quetzalcoatl). Rituals taking place on the temple platform, such as sacrifices, would have impressed the masses crowding below – they instilled fear, perhaps, but would also have given rise to a shared religious sensibility, a way of bringing cohesion to a large, multiethnic city.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Left for 1,800 years … the two standing statues discovered in the tunnel. Photograph: Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco
Within the newly cleared tunnel were found huge numbers of fragments of the Storm God. Recognisable by his goggle-eyes, fangs and drops of blood, he was associated with water and fertility, as well as fire, lightning and destruction. The Storm God was the owner of the underworld's sacred waters. At the de Young, a gallery places him alongside the Old Fire God, an elderly figure who sits cross-legged and bears a brazier atop his head. With them are the benevolent Water Goddess and the smooth-faced Maize God, the subject of the site's famous stone masks who symbolised the life-sustaining power of the crop.
The inhabitants of Teotihuacan would have walked past thousands of square feet of bright illustrated surfaces: the site is celebrated for its red fresco murals, which decorated apartments and public spaces. There are delicate paintings of flowering trees in the exhibition and, less delicately, an image of two coyotes eviscerating a deer. Animals are everywhere in the Teotihuacan visual world – and humans often merge into creatures. One vivid mural is of an anthropomorphic feline wearing a headdress and shell necklace. Another fragment, from the Street of the Dead is a menagerie of strange mythological hybrids. Yet another shows abird armed with serpent and spear.
More workmanlike objects, such as obsidian tools and incense burners, help to elucidate the historic urban structures – including living areas differentiated according to ethnicity, employment and rank. Immigrant groups from across Mesoamerica occupied distinct neighbourhoods: in this way, the development of Teotihuacan resembled that of such modern cities as London or New York.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Armed avian … a fragment from a bird mural. Photograph: Randy Dodson/Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco
The exhibition ends with a marble figure from an elite residential area. Notches in its arms and legs suggest it was tied with ropes to a post, in an echo of the ritual in which a high-ranking military captive was stripped, bound and shot with arrows. But the standing figure's particular significance lies in its connection to the demise of Teotihuacan: it was pieced together from more than 160 fragments, having been mutilated by chisels; the fragments were fire-damaged. Such iconoclasm happened at the same time as the conflagration that razed the city in the sixth century. Who was responsible and why was it done? It is uncertain: as Matthew Robb, the curator of the show, has said, Teotihuacan resists interpretation as well as attracts it. Many mysteries remain.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- An Indiana high school basketball standout who survived a Michigan plane crash last year that killed his father and stepmother after surviving a 2003 crash that killed his mother plans to play college basketball next year.
Austin Hatch, of Fort Wayne, made a verbal commitment to play basketball at the University of Michigan before the June crash near the Charlevoix airport. He told the Detroit Free Press in an interview published Tuesday that he'll be on the court with the Wolverines in 2013.
"The most difficult thing is just missing my biological family, because I'm the only one left," he said. "I wish there was an instructional manual in how to deal with this kind of loss."
Hatch, who was 16 at the time of the crash, said he'll use a scholarship to live the life he and his father always had imagined. He has yet to be cleared to play and said he didn't care, trusting his doctors will tell him when it's appropriate. He said he thinks no one else can relate to his situation.
"No one that I know of," he said. "If there is someone, I haven't met them yet."
The alleged gang leader's suspected backing for radical Islamism was uncovered during an investigation into the group's provision of false job contracts from local textile factories to enable illegal immigrants from North Africa to obtain work permits, a statement from the ROS police special operations unit said.
Arrest warrants have been issued for eight suspects. They included the Tunisian, who was said to have become radicalized in the last year and to have praised the recent terror attacks on Paris on social media.
Further details of the operation were to be released at a press conference later Friday.
It came against a backdrop of mounting concern about the possibility of Italy being hit by "lone wolf" terror attacks of the kind seen in neighbouring France, Belgium and Britain.
Recent weeks have seen a string of suspected Islamists expelled from the country on the order of Interior Minister Angelino Alfano.
Most of the orders, which are not subject to appeal within Italy, have been issued on the basis of the suspects having expressed support for radical Islamist ideas rather than any evidence of them actively planning to act on them.
Among those expelled was Aftab Farook, a young Pakistani who previously captained Italy's under-19 cricket team.
Farook's family say his expulsion breached his rights and are planning to challenge it via the European Court of Human Rights.
Italy's centre-left government meanwhile is considering appointing a commission of experts to draw up proposals for combating radicalisation in the country's Muslim population.
The panel, proposed by junior security minister Marco Minniti, would report directly to Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.
It would notably be tasked with setting guidelines for the profiling of potential suspects and parameters for monitoring mosques, workplaces and schools subject to possible infiltration by radical elements, La Stampa reported.
The Columbia Glacier descends from an ice field 3,050 meters (10,000 feet) above sea level, down the flanks of the Chugach Mountains, and into a narrow inlet that leads into Prince William Sound in southeastern Alaska. It is one of the most rapidly changing glaciers in the world.
The Columbia is a large tidewater glacier, flowing directly into the sea. When British explorers first surveyed it in 1794, its nose—or terminus—extended south to the northern edge of Heather Island, a small island near the mouth of Columbia Bay. The glacier held that position until 1980, when it began a rapid retreat that continues today.
These false-color images, captured by Landsat satellites, show how the glacier and the surrounding landscape has changed since 1986. The images were collected by similar sensors—the Thematic Mapper (TM), the Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus (ETM+), and the Operational Land Imager (OLI)—on four different Landsat satellites (4, 5, 7, and 8).
The Landsat images above combine shortwave-infrared, near-infrared, and green portions of the electromagnetic spectrum. With this combination of wavelengths, snow and ice appears bright cyan, vegetation is green, clouds are white or light orange, and open water is dark blue. Exposed bedrock is brown, while rocky debris on the glacier's surface is gray.
Over the past three decades, the terminus had retreated more than 20 kilometers (12 miles) to the north, moving past Terentiev Lake and Great Nunatak Peak. In some years, the terminus retreated more than a kilometer, though the pace has been uneven. The movement of the terminus stalled between 2000 and 2006, for example, because the Great Nunatak Peak and Kadin Peak (directly to the west) constricted the glacier's movement and held the ice in place.
As the glacier terminus has retreated, the Columbia has thinned substantially, as shown by the expansion of brown bedrock areas in the Landsat images. Since the 1980s, the glacier has lost about half of its total thickness and volume. Rings of freshly exposed rock, known as trimlines, become especially prominent around the inlet throughout the 2000s.
Just south of the terminus, a layer of floating ice is dimpled with chunks of icebergs that have broken off, or calved, from the glacier and rafted together. The area and thickness of this layer, called the ice “mélange,” varies depending on recent calving rates and ocean conditions. In most of the images in the series (particularly 1989 and 1995) the mélange extends south to Heather Island, marking the point at which the glacier reached its greatest extent.
Like bulldozers, glaciers lift, carry, and deposit sediment, rock, and other debris from Earth's surface. This mass accumulates on leading edges in piles called moraines. The Columbia's moraine created a shallow underwater ridge, or shoal, that prevents the mélange from drifting beyond it.
The structure of Columbia's moraine played a large role in the stability of the glacier before 1980. Like other tidewater glaciers, the Columbia built up a moraine over time, and the mixture of ice and rock functioned like a dam keeping out the sea. It was supported on one end by the shoreline and by the underwater terminal moraine at the other. When the glacier retreated off the moraine around 1980, the terminus lost a key source of support. Once freed from this anchoring point, the grinding and dragging between the sea floor and the massive block of ice was reduced, increasing the rate at which ice flowed forward and icebergs calved from the glacier.
Between 2007 and 2010, part of the terminus began to float as it passed through deep water between the Great Nunatak Peak and Kadin Peak. This changed the way icebergs calved significantly. When the Columbia was grounded, calving occurred at a fairly steady rate, and the bergs that broke off were small. When the glacier began to float, larger chunks of ice tended to break off, as seen in the image from 2009.
The retreat has also changed the way the glacier flows. In the 1980s, there were three main branches. The medial moraine, a line of debris deposited when separate channels of ice merge (seen here as a line in the center of the 1986 image) served as a dividing line between two of the main branches. In 1986, there was a branch to the west of the medial moraine (West Branch), a large branch that flowed to the east of it (Main Branch), and a smaller branch that flowed around the eastern side of Great Nunatak Peak.
As the Columbia lost mass and thinned, the flow in the smallest branch stalled, reversed, and eventually began flowing to the west of Great Nunatak Peak. By 2011, the retreating terminus has essentially split the Columbia into two separate glaciers, with calving now occurring on two distinct fronts.
The West Branch was thought to have stabilized by 2011, but it surprised scientists with an unexpected retreat that shows up in the 2013 image. The Main Branch hasn't retreated much since 2012, but it is changing in other ways. In 2014, researchers found that the Main Branch had thinned so much that it no longer has traction against the bed. With less traction, the glacier can be affected by tidal motion as far as 12 kilometers (7.5 miles) upstream, which could mean that the Main Branch is unstable again.
The retreat of the Columbia contributes to global sea-level rise, mostly through iceberg calving. This one glacier accounts for nearly half of the ice loss in the Chugach Mountains. However, the ice losses are not exclusively tied to increasing air and water temperatures. Climate change may have given the Columbia an initial nudge off of the moraine, but what has accelerated its disintegration has more to do with mechanical processes than warming temperatures. In fact, when the Columbia reaches the shoreline, its retreat will likely slow down. The more stable surface will cause the rate of calving to decline, making it possible for the glacier to start rebuilding a moraine and advancing once again.
NASA images by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon, using Landsat 4, 5, 7, and 8 data from the USGS Global Visualization Viewer. Thanks to Shad O'Neel and Robert McNabb for image interpretation and editorial guidance.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Long before Bill Belichick was the sweatshirt-wearing coach of the New England Patriots, he was an eager 23-year-old special assistant on the staff of the Baltimore Colts back in 1975.
And even then, he was serious and always tried to pick the brains of the other coaches on staff. That was just the start for Belichick, who has become one of the NFL's all-time best coaches.
“Bill and I go back, and of course I remember him well on the staff,” Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay said. “There were probably less than 10 coaches on staff then, and it's continued on to now with the rivalry that we've had with the Patriots.”
Irsay was 16 years old and still in high school at the time. His responsibility was to be in the equipment room, picking up jock straps and towels and helping the players get ready before they went out to the field. Belichick was a jack of all trades on coach Ted Marchibroda's staff back then. Irsay's father, Robert Irsay, was the owner of the team.
“Bill clearly contributed that season for the franchise,” Jim Irsay said. “He helped in whatever area Ted needed him. Back then, you brought in a guy like him – a coaching intern – because he was a young guy on staff without a specific position. He contributed to the whole football team. He went along for that ride on the '75 team. It was a really special year. We were a close team and Bill was part of that success."
The Colts finished 10-4 and lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers in the playoffs during Belichick's lone season on staff. Irsay invited members of the 1975 team to the Colts' facility in Indianapolis about three years ago to give them division championship rings for winning the AFC East that year and to reminisce about the season. Belichick couldn't make it, but Irsay made sure to send a ring to the coach.
Belichick has won four Super Bowls as coach of the Patriots and is riding a six-game winning streak against the Colts.
“He's a great, great coach,” Irsay said. “He really knows how to take away your strengths and knows how to maximize talent. He's someone who has a vision and he succeeds at it. He's a perfectionist. One thing about him is he coaches his coaches to be great. That's what make head coaches great.
“He's one of the great coaches of all time. What's amazing is he doesn't get worn down. His mental toughness, his ability to stay in this league and compete year after year and produce outstanding teams, is remarkable.”
Manner of Speaking
Place of Speaking
Any Member who wishes to participate in the proceedings must stand and be in his or her designated place to be recognized and to speak. [78] Exceptions to these two conditions have occurred but only rarely and in unusual circumstances, for example, when a Member has been unable to rise as a result of an injury or illness. [79] When the Chair occupant rises, a Member must sit down. [80] Members have been discouraged from sitting on chair arms or on desks with their backs to the House. When the House sits as a Committee of the Whole, a Member may rise and speak from any seat.
Remarks Addressed to the Chair
Any Member participating in debate must address the Chair, not the House, a particular Minister or Member, the galleries, or the television audience. Since one of the basic principles of procedure in the House is that the proceedings be conducted in terms of a free and civil discourse, [81] Members are less apt to engage in direct heated exchanges and personal attacks when their comments are directed to the Chair rather than to another Member. If a Member directs remarks towards another Member and not the Speaker, he or she will be called to order and may be asked to rephrase the remarks. [82] In a Committee of the Whole, Members must direct their comments to the Chairman. [83
Proper Attire
While there is no Standing Order setting down a dress code for Members participating in debate, [84] Speakers have ruled that to be recognized to speak in debate, on points of order or during Question Period, tradition and practice require all Members, male or female, to dress in contemporary business attire. [85] The contemporary practice and unwritten rule require, therefore, that male Members wear a jacket, shirt and tie as standard dress. Clerical collars have been allowed, although ascots and turtlenecks have been ruled inappropriate for male Members participating in debate. [86] The Chair has even stated that wearing a kilt is permissible on certain occasions (for example, Robert Burns Day). [87] Members of the House who are in the armed forces have been permitted to wear their uniforms in the House. [88] In certain circumstances, usually for medical reasons, the Chair has allowed a relaxation of the dress standards allowing, for example, a male Member whose arm was in a cast to wear a sweater in the House instead of a jacket. [89]
Language of Debate
The Constitution Act, 1867 guarantees that a Member may address the House in either English or French. [90] Given the bilingual nature of the House and the existence of simultaneous interpretation, [91] Members rarely have difficulty expressing their views and having those views understood in the Chamber. In addition, all parliamentary publications, such as the Journals, the Debates, and the Order Paper and Notice Paper, are printed in both official languages. Other languages are occasionally used in debate, but not at great length[92] and a ember will sometimes provide the Debates editor with a translation of his or her remarks. [93] As the Speaker has noted, however, serious difficulties could arise in maintaining order in debate (and by extension accurate records of the House) if languages other than English or French were used to any great extent. [94] A Member has also used sign language to make a statement and to ask a question during Question Period. [95]
Reading Speeches
While not formally prohibited by a Standing Order, practice holds that when addressing the House, Members should not read from a written, prepared speech. [96] A Member may, however, use notes when delivering a speech. The purpose of this rule, which derived from British practice, is to maintain the cut and thrust of debate, which depends upon successive speakers addressing to some extent in their speeches the arguments put forward by previous speakers. [97] Although the tradition of not reading speeches existed at Confederation, in 1886 the House adopted the following resolution: … the growing practice in the Canadian House of Commons of delivering speeches of great length, having the character of carefully and elaborately prepared written essays, and indulging in voluminous and often irrelevant extracts, [which] is destructive of legitimate and pertinent debate upon public questions, is a waste of valuable time, unreasonably lengthens the Sessions of Parliament, threatens by increased bulk and cost to lead to the abolition of the official report of the Debates, encourages a discursive and diffuse, rather than an incisive and concise style of public speaking, is a marked contrast to the practice in regard to debate that prevails in the British House of Commons, and tends to repel the public from a careful and intelligent consideration of the proceedings of Parliament.[98] Despite this resolution, over the years several Speakers expressed concern that Members were not delivering speeches extemporaneously. Attempts to enforce the rule failed and resulted in a number of Speaker's statements and rulings on this matter. [99] In 1956, Speaker Beaudoin received the consent of the House to have printed in the Journals a statement on the rule regarding the reading of speeches. In the statement, he examined the rule as established by the authorities on procedure (i.e., May , Bourinot , and Beauchesne and various Speakers) and the practice of the House under the rule. He then summarized the practice which is still being followed today: A Member addressing the House may refer to notes. The Prime Minister, the cabinet ministers, the Leader of the Opposition, the leaders of other parties or Members speaking on their behalf, may read important policy speeches. New Members may read their [maiden] speeches. The Members speaking in a language other than their mother tongue, the Members speaking in debates involving matters of a technical nature, or in debates on the Address in Reply to the Speech from the Throne and on the Budget may use full notes or, if they wish, read their speeches.[100] Other than in the most blatant cases, the Chair has shown a disinclination to insist that Members refrain from reading from a written speech, preferring to wait until attention is drawn to a transgression on a point of order, at which time the Chair typically rules that it is permissible for a Member to refer to notes. [101]
Use of Lectern
Members are not permitted to use a lectern when delivering a speech in the Chamber, with the sole exception of the Minister of Finance, who may use one during the presentation of the Budget. Chair occupants have, however, indicated that it is acceptable for Members to lay their notes on books. [102]
Citation of Documents
There is no Standing Order which governs the citation of documents; the House is guided mainly by custom and precedents. Generally, the reading of articles from newspapers, books or other documents by a Member during debate has become an accepted practice and is not ruled out of order provided that such quotations do not reflect on past proceedings in the House, [103] do not refer to or comment on or deny anything said by a Member, [104] or use language which would be out of order if spoken by a Member. [105] A speech should not consist of a single long quotation or a series of quotations joined together with a few original sentences. [106] Members may not quote from the “blues” (the unedited preliminary version of Hansard) nor may they quote from correspondence when there is no way of ensuring the authenticity of the signature. [107] They may quote from private correspondence as long as they identify the sender by name or take full responsibility for its contents. [108] Finally, Members may not quote from the proceedings of a committee before it has reported to the House. [109]
Tabling of Documents and Speeches
Any document quoted by a Minister in debate or in response to a question during Question Period must be tabled. [110] Indeed, a Minister is not at liberty to read or quote from a despatch (an official written message on government affairs) or other state paper without being prepared to table it if it can be done without injury to the public interest. [111] As Speaker Glen noted in a 1941 ruling, “an honourable member is not entitled to read from communications unless prepared to place them on the Table of the House. The principle upon which this is based is that where information is given to the House, the House itself is entitled to the same information as the honourable member who may quote the document.” [112] A public document referred to but not cited by a Minister need not be tabled; only the document cited by a Minister is tabled. [113] If a Minister quotes a private letter in debate, the letter becomes a public document and must be tabled on request. [114] However, a Minister is not obliged to table personal notes referred to during debate or Question Period. [115] All documents tabled in the House by a Minister are required to be tabled in both official languages. [116] There has been a long-standing practice in the House that private Members may not table documents, official or otherwise. [117] Speaker Lamoureux submitted that while Ministers must table official documents cited in debate in support of an argument, this rule has never been interpreted to apply to a document, official or otherwise, referred to by private Members. In 1974, when a Member attempted to seek unanimous consent to table a document, Speaker Lamoureux stated that there was “no provision in the rules for a private Member to table or file documents in any way.” The Speaker concluded by suggesting that Members “could presumably make them public in a number of other ways”. [118] However, since the mid-1980s, Members have been allowed on occasion to table documents or material to which they may have referred during their speeches or during Question Period with the unanimous consent of the House. [119] These documents (often copies of correspondence or advertisements) have typically been tabled in only one language. [120] Private Members sometimes place material for the information of all Members on the Table, although this is not considered an official tabling. [121] In order that the Debates be as accurate a record as possible of what has been spoken in the House, Members are not permitted to table speeches for printing in Hansard. [122] On rare occasions, a Member has received the consent of the House to have long lists, statistics or similar material printed in the Debates as part of a speech. [123] There have also been instances when the House has given its consent to have documents or exchanges of letters printed as a formal appendix to the Debates for the information of the House. [124]
Displays, Exhibits, Props
Speakers have consistently ruled out of order displays or demonstrations of any kind used by Members to illustrate their remarks or emphasize their positions. Similarly, props of any kind, used as a way of making a silent comment on issues, have always been found unacceptable in the Chamber. Members may hold notes in their hands, but they will be interrupted and reprimanded by the Speaker if they use papers, documents or other objects to illustrate their remarks. [125] Exhibits have also been ruled inadmissible. [126] During the debate on the flag in 1964, the Speaker had to remind Members on numerous occasions that the display of competing flag designs was not permissible. [127] Small Canadian flags and desk flags have been disallowed when they have been used to cause disorder in the House for the purpose of interrupting a Member's speech. [128] While political buttons and lapel pins have not been considered exhibits as long as they do not cause disorder, [129] the Speaker has interrupted a division to request that certain Members remove “props” from their lapels. [130]
Maiden Speech
Note: Hamid Dabashi's new book, The Arab Spring: The End of Postcolonialism (2012) has just been published by Zed in London. The following is an excerpt from this book, exclusively on Al Jazeera.
The world keeps discovering, keeps inventing, keeps overcoming itself. Because of the Arab Spring, the world is once again pregnant with better and more hopeful versions of itself. The crescendo of transnational uprisings from Morocco to Iran, and from Syria to Yemen, are turning the world upside down. The task facing us today is precisely to see in what particular way our consciousness of the world is in the midst of transforming itself - by force of history. The world we have hitherto known as "the Middle East" or "North Africa", or "the Arab and Muslim world", all part and parcel of a colonial geography we had inherited, is changing, and is changing fast. We have now entered the phase of documenting in what particular terms that world is transcending itself, overcoming the mystified consciousness into which it was colonially cast and postcolonially fixated.
In understanding what is happening in North Africa and the Middle East, we are running out of metaphors. We need new metaphors. Even the word "revolution" - understood anywhere from Karl Marx to Hannah Arendt - needs rethinking. Such a new language of the revolution will cast the impact of "the Arab Spring" on national and international politics for generations to come. These uprisings have already moved beyond race and religion, sects and ideologies, pro- or anti-Western. The term "West" is more meaningless today than ever before - it has lost its potency, and with it the notion, and the condition, we had code-named postcoloniality. The East, the West, the Oriental, the colonial, the postcolonial - they are no more. What we are witnessing unfold in what used to be called "the Middle East" (and beyond) marks the end of postcolonial ideological formations - and that is precisely the principal argument informing the way this book discusses and celebrates the Arab Spring. The postcolonial did not overcome the colonial; it exacerbated it by negation. The Arab Spring has overcome them both. The drama of this delayed defiance Arabs have now called their spring; and I will use the occasion to make a case for our having entered the phase of the end of postcoloniality, delivered from exacerbating a historic trauma.
The transformation of consciousness, and precisely not through dogma or violence, is the inaugural moment of discovering new worlds - not by willing what does not exist but by seeing what is unfolding. As I write, the Arab revolutions, each with a different momentum, are creating a new geography of liberation, which is no longer mapped on colonial or cast upon postcolonial structures of domination; this restructuring points to a far more radical emancipation, not only in these but, by extension, in adjacent societies and in an open-ended dynamic. This permanent revolutionary mood has already connected the national to the transnational in unexpected and unfolding ways, leading to a reconfigured geopolitics of hope. That the Arab revolutions are changing our imaginative geography is already evident in the interaction between the southern and northern coasts of the Mediterranean in terms of modes of protest, with the spread of Tahrir Square-style youth uprisings evident from Greece to Spain, and indeed to the United States and the Occupy Wall Street movement - with even Aung San Suu Kyi comparing her campaign for democracy in Myanmar with the Arab Spring. These revolutions are not driven by the politics of replicating "the West" - rather, they are transcending it, and thus are as conceptually disturbing to the existing political order as to the régime du savoir around the globe. The ground is shifting under the feet of what self-proclaimed superpowers thought was their globe. These variations on the theme of delayed defiance hinge on the idea that the revolutions are simultaneously a rejection not just of the colonial oppression they have inherited but, a fortiori, of the postcolonial ideologies that had presented and exhausted themselves as its antithesis in Islamist, nationalist or socialist grand narratives.
The mystical consciousness our world has inherited hangs around the binary of "The West and the Rest", the most damning delusion that the European colonial map of the world manufactured and left behind, with "Islam and the West" as its most potent borderlines. It is precisely that grand illusion that is dissolving right before our eyes. But that is not all: the challenge posed by these revolutions to divisions within Islam and among Muslims - racial (Arabs, Turks, Iranians, etc), ethnic (Kurds, Baluchs, etc), or sectarian (Sunni and Shia in particular) - has at once agitated and (ipso facto) discredited them. These revolutions are collective acts of overcoming. They are crafting new identities, forging new solidarities, both within and without the "Islam and the West" binary - overcoming once and for all the thick (material and moral) colonial divide. The dynamics now unfolding between the national and the transnational will, as they do, override all others. The synergy that has ensued is crafting a new framework for the humanity they have thus embraced and empowered. Those dynamics are checked, to be sure, by counter-revolutionary forces that are now fully at work - and that have much to lose from these revolutions.
The world, and not just "the Muslim world", has long been dreaming of these uprisings. Since at least the French Revolution of 1789, the European revolutions of 1848, the Russian Revolution of 1917, since the British packed their belongings and left India in 1948, since the French left Algeria, the Italians left Libya, the world has been dreaming of the Arab Spring. From the time the colonial world began lowering European flags, and as the postcolonial world was raising new ones, the world has been dreaming of the emblematic slogan, now chanted by people from one end of the Arab world to another: Huriyyah, Adalah Ijtima'iyah, Karamah, "Freedom, Social Justice, Dignity".
To pave the way for an open-ended unfolding of these revolts, the public space has been expanding for a very long time, and the political act is now being charged and redefined to accommodate it. But the public facade of unity across social classes and between different political tendencies, which has characterised the uprising from the very outset, has been and will continue to be fractured. But these fractures will expand the public space, not diminish it. That societal expansion of the bedrock of politics will not be along ideological lines. In the world beyond Christian dogma, people are not born in a state of sin, for this to be forgiven by way of communal declaration. As there is no original sin, there is no final forgiveness - and thus no grand illusion, no master-narratives of emancipation. The ideals remain open and grand, as they must, but demanding and exacting their realisation require painstaking and detailed work by particular voluntary associations beyond the reach of the state - labour unions, women's rights organisations, student assemblies - all by way of forming a web of affiliation around the atomised individual, thus protecting her, thus enabling him, to resist the ever increasing power of the emergent state.
The spectre of that emerging state will keep the democratic muscles of these revolutionary uprisings flexing - for a very long time, and for a very simple reason. The world we have inherited is mystified (Marx's term) by the force fields of power that have at once held it together and distorted it. Fighting the military and economic might of counter-revolutionaries goes hand in hand with deciphering the transformed consciousness that must promise and deliver the emerging world. The colonial subject (now revolting beyond the mirage of the postcolonial state) was formed, forced, and framed as the object of European imperial domination, with multivariate modes of governmentality that extended from the heart of "the West" to the edges of "the Rest". Europe colonised the Arab and Muslim world from one end to the other precisely according to the model of power by which it was itself being colonised by the self-fetishising logic of capital. It was, by way of partaking in the making of the fetishised commodity, being alienated from itself as it was forcing that massive alienation on the colonial world. Postcolonialism was instrumental in conceptually fetishising colonialism as something other than the abuse of labour by capital writ large. It is not, and never has been.
The postcolonial subject, which was none other than the colonial subject multiplied by the illusion of emancipation, was thus released into the force field of that very same colonial history on a wild goose chase of ideological certainty before and after political convictions. For more than two hundred years - the 19th and 20th centuries - colonialism begat postcolonial ideological formations: socialism, nationalism, nativism (Islamism); one metanarrative after another, ostensibly to combat, but effectively to embrace and exacerbate, its consequences. As these postcolonial ideological formations began epistemically to exhaust themselves, the position of "subalternity" travelled from South Asia and became a North American academic fanfare, before it was politically neutered and soon turned into the literary trope of a "native informant". Thus colonialism and postcoloniality combined to place the Arab and the Muslim (as its supreme and absolute other) outside the self-universalising tropes of European metaphysics, where the non-Western (thus branded) was never in the purview of full subjection, of full historical agency.
The world was thus sealed in a self-sustaining binary that has kept repeating, revealing, and concealing itself. Finally coming to full historical consciousness in terms of their own agential sovereignty and worldly subjection, "the Arab" and "the Muslim" are now exiting that trap, having identified it as the simulacrum of a renewed pact with humanity - beyond the European entrapping of "humanism". Arabs and Muslims in revolt have no crisis of the subject, no problem with their cogito.
"The work of our time," Marx rightly declared is "to clarify to itself the meaning of its own desires". Indeed - and in that spirit I have written The Arab Spring.
Hamid Dabashi is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in the City of New York. The Arab Spring: The End of Postcolonialism is now released in London by the Zed Books.
I love Space Mountain, but I'm a thousand miles from the nearest Disney theme park. Soon, that distance might not pose a problem.
Disney is considering showcasing its theme parks in head-mounted virtual reality displays like the Oculus Rift. That's according to the company's Imagineering creative technical design lead Bei Yang, who didn't have any concrete examples of how this would work. He's the guy in charge of figuring out how to get VR concepts working in the parks (which we talk about in-depth here), but we wanted to know if he was OK with things going the other way.
As it turns out, he's confident that the real Disneyland and a virtual re-creation can coexist.
“If you think about the way we approach technology in general, The Walt Disney Company is about creating content,” Yang told GamesBeat. “It's about creating connections among friends and family through stories. We can do that through any number of mediums. VR is just one of those mediums.”
Yang points out that Disney never gave up any medium just because something new comes around. The company still publishes books now that we have TV. It still makes movies now that we have games. And he expects that trend will continue.
“With VR — yes — you may be able to replace some of the experiences you can get at the parks,” he said. “But ultimately, we see the park as something that is different. We can leverage VR technology in those, but at the same time, watching a movie at home isn't the same as watching a movie in the theater.”
It is still really early for consumer VR. Valve, the company that runs the PC game-distribution platform Steam, is going to release its headset later this year in partnership with HTC. Sony's PlayStation 4-compatible device Morpheus is due out next year. Oculus hasn't specified a date at all. So the potential market for a virtual Disney is still small, but it is also the kind of VR experience that could potentially convince people to pick up the necessary hardware.
As for Yang's primary job, he is hoping to bring more simulated experiences into Disney parks, but those are more likely to come in the form of projected video experiences rather than head-mounted displays. He thinks that people will always want to come and try these very unique attractions in person, so he's not interested in preventing people from attending simulated Disneyland.
“So yes, we are thinking about bringing the parks into VR,” said Yang. “But in the end, we're really just excited that there is another paint brush that we can use to tell our stories.”
UPDATED, Monday, 7 AM: President Donald Trump is not backing down in his attacks on the “FAKE NEWS” media. His latest tweet this morning –
Give the public a break – The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 20, 2017
PREVIOUS, Sunday, with Trump response President Donald Trump has explained his Sweden comment: He saw it on Fox. “My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden,” he's just tweeted.
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017
The president's tweet came just minutes after CNN reported that White House deputy press secretary Sarah H. Sanders said Trump “was talking about rising crime and recent incidents in general and not referring to a specific incident.” Sanders also said Trump “may have seen” the Fox News report, CNN said.
The barbs arrived on cue…
Wait. So "last night in Sweden" means "last night on Fox News about Sweden?" You find new and innovative ways to embarrass us. https://t.co/GP43Su4v4a — Greg Poehler (@GregPoehler) February 19, 2017
Clearly what happens in Sweden stays in Sweden… xo m👌🏻 — Marcia Cross (@ReallyMarcia) February 19, 2017
Trump says he got his info on Sweden by misunderstanding a Fox report. Doesn't he know he would have gotten intel briefing on such a thing? — Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) February 19, 2017
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Sweden 🇸🇪 tonight. #WeAreAllSweden — Warren Leight (@warrenleightTV) February 19, 2017
Previous, Sunday morning So what exactly happened last night in Sweden? Or more accurately Friday night, which is when President Donald Trump suggested during his rally in Florida yesterday that something terribly terroristic had occurred.
“Last night, we listened to Abba,” was one response coming from a country entirely unaware that it had been attacked.
Trump made the seemingly off-the-cuff remark during his Florida rally, carried live on the news channels, while discussing the impact of refugees on violence overseas. “You look at what's happening last night in Sweden,” he said. “Sweden. Who would believe this? Sweden. They took in large numbers. They're having problems like they never thought possible.”
Twitter
The comment prompted a Bowling Green Massacre of Twitter mocking, with tweeters taking up imaginary arms. Former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt led the charge by asking “What has he been smoking?”
One of the more popular memes was a riff on IKEA's famously simple – or at least international – how-to instructions:
Twitter
Naturally, Alec Baldwin couldn't resist:
I think Trump, w his ADD, asks about the latest terror event at same time that Kushner says, "I like these meatballs. Where are they from?" — ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) February 19, 2017
Nor could:
The other half will go to their graves always believing Sweden had their own 9/11 last Friday night – and nothing will change their minds. https://t.co/NZlsS4gNlh — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) February 19, 2017
In honor of the fallen, the President will watch Bergman's "The Seventh Seal". "I didn't know they had seals in Sweden. Beautiful fish". — Brent Spiner (@BrentSpiner) February 19, 2017
Our hearts and thoughts are with Sweden for the imaginary terror attack that our President pulled out of his ass. At least he's not yours. — Christopher Titus (@TitusNation) February 19, 2017
Both Chelsea Clinton and Keith Olbermann referenced Kellyanne Conway's now infamous (and fictitious) Bowling Green Massacre:
What happened in Sweden Friday night? Did they catch the Bowling Green Massacre perpetrators? — Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) February 19, 2017
Bullshit McGee has his own fabricated "Bowling Green Massacre" now #LastNightInSweden https://t.co/vgrsipnKjY — Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) February 19, 2017
And these:
Sweden ????????? This is DEFINITELY DELUSIONAL ( See Swedish PM's comment ) — John Cleese (@JohnCleese) February 19, 2017
Please pray for my son Glavynn who lost a buttock in yesterday's Feminist terror attack in Sweden. #MAGA — rob delaney (@robdelaney) February 19, 2017
Sweden, are you ok? Call me. — Stephen Mangan (@StephenMangan) February 19, 2017
The hashtag #lastnightinsweden WINS THE DAY!!! — Lea Salonga (@MsLeaSalonga) February 19, 2017
Even the Swedish Embassy has no answers:
@fuadmb About #swedenincident #lastnightinsweden unclear to us what President Trump was referring to,have asked US officials for explanation — Embassy of Sweden US (@SwedeninUSA) February 19, 2017
But the sharpest responses came in a series of tweets from someone fast enough to grab the Last Night in Sweden handle.
Last night, "Ivanka" was the name of a cheap piece of furniture at IKEA. #LastNightInSweden — Last Night In Sweden (@LastNiteNSweden) February 19, 2017
Everyone had healthcare. #LastNightInSweden — Last Night In Sweden (@LastNiteNSweden) February 19, 2017
America, if you start to identify with your captor-President, please call. We can help. #LastNightInSweden #StockholmSyndrome — Last Night In Sweden (@LastNiteNSweden) February 19, 2017
Last night, we were mature adults. Today, we are all giggling about Trump's tiny hands. #lastnightinsweden — Last Night In Sweden (@LastNiteNSweden) February 19, 2017
Last night, we listened to ABBA. Today, we are listening to an angry yam. #lastnightinsweden — Last Night In Sweden (@LastNiteNSweden) February 19, 2017
So what did happen in Sweden? The likeliest explanation for Trump's confusion is a Fox News Channel report that aired Friday during Tucker Carlson Tonight, which included an interview with filmmaker Ami Horowitz about immigration and violence in Sweden. In other words, “what happened last night in Sweden” is Trump-speak for “what I saw on Fox last night about Sweden.”
Or maybe, Republican Senator Rand Paul has an explanation. On ABC's This Week With George Stephanopoulos this morning, Paul said, “There was a New Year Eve altercation, I think, a year ago where there were quite a few things that were happening that did involve refugee populations. And I believe that was in Sweden.”
Four years ago, a long-time Toronto justice of the peace was slapped with a seven-day suspension without pay for interfering with a health inspection of a close friend's restaurant. Now, Tom Foulds finds himself once again in the crosshairs of the Justices of the Peace Review Council, this time facing allegations of intervening in an assault case where the complainant was his friend-turned-partner.
Tom Foulds, a justice of the peace at Old City Hall, isn't currently presiding over cases, according to a court spokesperson. ( Chris So / Toronto Star file photo )
The public discipline hearing is set for October, but Foulds, who presides at Old City Hall, is looking to put a halt to those proceedings. He's filed an application for judicial review in Divisional Court, where he's asking the judges to quash the decision of the council's complaints committee to send his case to a discipline hearing. He also wants the court to order that a new complaints committee reconsider the complaint against him. His grievances with the complaints committee are numerous.
Article Continued Below
“(The committee) exceeded its jurisdiction by making findings of fact and determinations of judicial misconduct, and did so prior to requesting a response from the applicant,” Foulds, who is representing himself in Divisional Court, argues in a factum recently filed in court. “The complaint committee failed to fully assess the evidence or consider the applicant's response in a meaningful way.” Foulds, appointed in 1999, declined to comment to the Star through a court spokeswoman, who said Foulds is not currently presiding over cases. Foulds also argues there is an appearance of bias on the part of the committee, saying two of its members previously sat on a different complaints committee that investigated a complaint against him, which was ultimately dismissed. Foulds alleged that the previous committee did not follow certain mandatory procedures in its investigation. A council spokeswoman said the oversight body will argue that Foulds' judicial review application should be quashed because it is premature.
After conducting an investigation, which included interviews with a number of witnesses and hiring an external lawyer, the complaints committee decided to send Foulds' case to discipline in 2016, ruling that his actions could be perceived “as an attempt to abuse the office of justice of the peace.” The allegations contained in the complaints committee decision, outlined in this story, have not yet been tested before a discipline panel.
Article Continued Below
The complaint against Foulds dates back to 2014, when Mr. A was charged with assaulting Ms. X. Neither of their names are included in the council's notice of hearing. Mr. A, whose charges were eventually stayed by the Crown, complained to the review council that Foulds had intervened in his case because Ms. X was Foulds' partner. Foulds acknowledged in a response to the complaints committee that he “erred” in his approach to the case, but “vigorously” disputes much of the complaint against him. The committee said there's evidence to support the allegation that Foulds signed the information charging Mr. A with assault, without informing the police officer that he was involved with Ms. X and without audio-recording the officer's attendance before him. Foulds disputes that every routine attendance must be recorded. He admits in his factum to “mishandling a legal process” by allowing the information to be sworn before him, but that he viewed it as “a routine ministerial procedure, and he was simply a friend of (Ms. X) at that time.” The JP then went to the Crown attorney's office to talk about the case, but only near the end of his conversation with Crown attorney Michael Callaghan did he say that he knew the complainant and that the case should not be scheduled in front of him, according to the complaints committee. “The committee notes that Mr. Callaghan's perception was that His Worship was vague with respect to how he knew the complainant,” says the committee. “The evidence indicates that as he was leaving, he asked, ‘Oh, by the way, do you think it's a problem that the information was sworn in front of me?'” The committee said the Crown then had new information sworn before a different JP. Callaghan, who became widely known for prosecuting ex-radio host Jian Ghomeshi on sexual assault charges last year, declined to comment to the Star. Foulds says in his factum that he went to the Crown's office to address the fact that the information was sworn before him, and that by that time, “the nature of (his) relationship with (Ms. X) had progressed beyond friendship.” The committee said there's evidence that Foulds reached out to Callaghan several other times, including to ask for an update on the case and seeking legal advice, but that Callaghan found the encounters inappropriate and declined to provide any information. In his factum, Foulds also acknowledged his “mistake” in signing a subpoena to have Ms. X attend court and then discussing whether he could be present when she was served. “(Foulds) provided the context in which he made these decisions, regarding the desperate state of (Ms. X's) mental health, and his concern about protecting her from self-harm,” he said in his factum. He argued he never sought to interfere in the case or direct Crown attorneys on what to do. “The evidence shows that His Worship did not distance himself from the (Mr. A) case and instead actively inserted himself into the criminal process,” said the complaints committee. “Further, the evidence suggests that His Worship's involvement in the criminal case was calculated and deceptive. Specifically, His Worship only shared limited information at different stages to make it appear as though he was being up front when, in fact, he was not being completely honest or forthcoming.” The committee said the Crown had to deal with a number of disclosure requests from Mr. A's lawyer, who wanted Foulds' personal emails in order “to get to the true story of” whether there was indeed a personal relationship between Foulds and Ms. X. One Crown told the committee that Foulds was a “hindrance to the carriage of the case,” while Callaghan said that “for a very simple case, this became very complicated.” The complaints committee said the evidence suggests that the costs of Mr. A's defence “escalated and the Crown's resources were overtaxed directly as a result of His Worship's involvement in the proceedings.”
AC Milan. Italy's second most successful club side. 18 times Scudetto winners, seven times Champions League conquerors, five time Coppa Italia champions and a record five time SuperCoppa Italiana victors. i Rossoneri have boasted the likes of Paolo Maldini, Franco Baresi, Gianni Rivera, Marco van Basten, Ruud Gullit, Clarence Seedorf and Zlatan Ibrahimovic amongst their ranks, yet their last two domestic campaigns have seen them finish 8th and 10th respectively.
After two disappointing spells under the instruction of club legends Clarence Seedorf and Filippo Inzaghi, it was time for reality to kick in as Sinisa Mihajlovic was appointed in the summer. A ‘real' manager who had completed spells at Bologna, Fiorentina and Sampdoria who also, as coach of Serbia, visited and studied under the likes of Jose Mourinho, Pep Guardiola, Jurgen Klopp, Arsene Wenger and Sir Alex Ferguson.
The Serbian is a charismatic manager who wants his players to express themselves, but also places a strong value on discipline. No player is bigger than the team, as Samuel Eto'o found out after being benched for his laboured efforts in training with Sampdoria in the spring. But not only does he want his players to work hard, Mihajlovic has a proven track record of improving them, with Lorenzo De Silvestri, Stefano Okaka and Roberto Soriano all receiving call ups to the Italian national side which 12 months ago would have been unheard of.
Mihajlovic said all the right things in his first club press conference, starting with “It's a great honour to be here. This is a very special first day for me. The atmosphere here is very important. Now that I am here, I feel it even more so… This is a club that has an enormous history. I am not part of the Milan history, so I thank the club for the faith in me. It has been a couple of difficult seasons for Milan and I want to take them back to the top.” That's one way to get the fans on side.
So, with an ageing and depleted squad, fed up fans and a non-existent youth academy – how do you go forward? By spending money of course. And lots of it. Backed by the controversial Silvio Berlusconi who ‘couldn't let the club suffer anymore' according to his brother, and Bee Taechaubol (also known as Mr Bee), the club spent upwards of €90m throughout the summer transfer window.
In came Carlos Bacca (€30m), Alessio Romagnoli (€25m), Andrea Bertolacci (€20m), Luiz Adriano (€8m), Luca Antonelli (€4.5m) and Juraj Kucka (€3m), with Daniele Bonera, Sulley Muntari, Giampaolo Pazzini, Michael Essien and Robinho all leaving the club on free transfers. A shake up of the squad was much needed, and in Bacca, Luiz Adriano and Kucka they have players who can come in and make an impact in the present, but in Romagnoli and Bertolacci they have two young players holding considerable potential for the future.
Another key factor in Milan's mini resurgence has been finding a balance in midfield. The tough tackling Nigel de Jong is perfect for the deepest role in the three, with the slightly more refined Ricardo Montolivo also comfortable playing there should Mihajlovic feel that ball retention is key. On the left of three, there are the options of box-to-box player Antonio Nocerino, who has been given a lifeline by his new manager after becoming alienated in the last few seasons, or the more forward thinking Giacomo Bonaventura who can do the dirty defensive work but also make a difference in the final third with his vision and creativity.
The right side of the three is normally filled by the well rounded Bertolacci, who can do everything required from a midfielder, or Kucka who possesses a slightly more defensive approach to the game. With these six midfielders, who slightly struggled for cohesion at the beginning, Mihajlovic has the potential to field a midfield three to suit any occasion. Want to dominate the ball? Use Montolivo, Bonaventura and Bertolacci. Want to congest the midfield? Use de Jong, Nocerino and Kucka. Want a mixture of all three? Use Montolivo, Bonaventura and Kucka. Creating a balance within your side is hugely important, and as they progress through the season this will be hugely helpful to the men from the capital.
In terms of their tactics, after their opening day defeat to Fiorentina, AC Milan again set up in a 4-3-1-2 formation for their match against Empoli. Three changes were made, with Christian Zapata coming in at centre back to replace the suspended Rodrigo Ely, Nocerino starting instead of Bonaventura in midfield and ex-Liverpool man Suso given creative license in the hole behind Luiz Adriano and Bacca.
After his decision to persist with two up front was scrutinised just days before, the first goal of the night was a huge ‘I told you so' on Mihajlovic's behalf. Luiz Adriano dropped deep to control the ball, and within an instant, Bacca had sprung into the open space behind the high Empoli line. After a beautifully weighted pass from his strike partner, Bacca held off his man before finishing clinically. A perfect example of what playing with two strikers can give you. The midfield three of de Jong, Nocerino and Bertolacci were the perfect mixture of aggression, energy and technical ability for Milan and were hugely influential in putting their first three points on the board, not to mention Romagnoli and Zapata beginning to settle as a defensive duo.
The Milan derby would follow a week later, as Mihajlovic stuck with his preferred 4-3-1-2 formation. With Inter also playing a 4-3-1-2, the match would be won and lost in the middle of the park, so gaining control would be vital for either side. With this in mind, Mihajlovic opted for Ricardo Montolivo as his deepest midfielder to dictate the tempo from deep, as well as the industrious Juraj Kucka and inventive Bonaventura were brought back into the side to provide a nice balance.
Despite losing the match 1-0, Milan more than played their part and were unlucky to come away with nothing. Montolivo and Bonaventura in midfield were particularly excellent, battling well against the physical Inter midfield which included the likes of Geoffrey Kondogbia and Felipe Melo. The decision to play Montolivo as the deepest midfielder was an inspired one, as Milan often looked very assured in possession and were able to pass through the lines to good effect. Bacca and Luiz Adriano are developing an almost telepathic understanding as the weeks go by, and had it not been for some excellent last ditch defending from Inter, goals would have been scored. Encouraging signs for Mihajlovic, as even Mario Balotelli came on in the second half and looked promising.
In their most recent fixture away at Udinese, you guessed it, the 4-3-1-2 was the formation of choice. Balotelli was given the nod ahead of Luiz Adriano after his impressive cameos coming on as a substitute, whilst Montolivo was pushed further forward in place of Kucka with de Jong coming in as the deepest of the midfield three. De Sciglio, Romagnoli and Zapata all retained their places in the side with 18 year-old Davide Calabria coming in at right back to make his first senior appearance for the side.
Balotelli looks to be on the right track, scoring a wonderful free kick in the 5th minute as he and Bacca caused problems all night. All three Milan strikers (including Jeremy Menez) have the ability to run in behind in addition to acting as target men, which makes using two up front so effective for this side. The excellent Bonaventura also scored a goal in the impressive 3-2 victory. What will be of concern to the Milan boss, is how a 3-0 lead turned into 3-2 in five minutes, as well as the poor form of Keisuke Honda. Mihajlovic's defences are usually very solid, but so far this season Milan have conceded eight goals which is one of the highest amount in the league. After the game, the 46 year-old stated that ‘a 1-0 win would be nice occasionally!'
While Mihajlovic certainly divided opinion upon his arrival, the feeling around the club is now that with his philosophies and desire to succeed at the club, he could be the perfect man for the job. Milan is far from the finished product, and as they currently sit in 9th, Mihajlovic is still working things out as the season progresses which is perfectly normal with new signings and ideals to implement. Two wins in their last two could prove to be a real confidence boost and will relieve some pressure, and while the signs are promising moving forward, there is still work to be done.
The Truth You Need To Know About Ram God for his Virtues in Hinduism
Ram God is known as ‘Maryada Purushottam' or the Man of Idealism whereas Krishna is known as ‘Karmveer' or the Man who have Faith in Work or the strong believer of ‘Karma'.
Lord Ram is cherished, worshiped and followed for his virtues in Hinduism. Lord Rama is God for Hindus. Every Hindu in his home possesses the religious book ‘Ramayana' which was originally written by Guru Valmiki in Sanskrit and later on annotated by Tulasidas in the form of verses in Hindi.
There are various other epic writers too who have translated and re-written Ramayana in various other languages.
Ramayana delves upon the stories of Rama about his birth, about his youth, marriage, about his exile, fight with Ravana, about his rule in Ayodhya and about his children Lav and Kush.
Did you know that Lord Rama or Ram God who is the son of King Dasharath is NOT the only RAM? Before him also Ram existed. There are mentions of Bhagwan Ram in various other forms and even with the same name of Rama.
Ram was born as the eldest son of King Dasharath and mother Koushlyain Ayodhya, but before his incarnation, he has been worshiped and chanted in prayers of Rishis and public at large throughout the Bharat Bhumi.
Here in this article, we are going to deliberate upon this topic only with proofs from various scripts. This is the perpetual TRUTH that every Hindu should know the eternal form of our Ram God.
Vedas had clear mentions of Bhagwan Ram in various Vedas much before his incarnation as the son of King Dasharath.
रमन्ते योगिनः यस्मिन् स रामः।
अर्थात ‘जिसमें योगी लोगों का मन रमण करता है उसीको कहते हैं ‘राम'।'
Yogis and Rishis meditate and chant the mantras of ‘Ram-Ram' which itself has a profound magical effect on human beings towards their path of salvation.
This mantra was practiced by his father King Dasharath, and forefathers like King Dilip, king Raghu etc. The mantra ‘Ram-Ram' has been residing in the minds and body pores of Hindus since the time immemorial.
Story of Ram God
There is a famous story available to us in the form of mouth to mouth dispersion since the ancient times. It is talked by the rural folks in our local language Hindi. The story says that …..
एक राम घट-घट में बोले,
दूजो राम दशरथ घर डोले।
तीसर राम का सकल पसारा,
ब्रह्म राम है सबसे न्यारा।।
शिष्य ने कहाः “गुरुजी ! आपके उपर्युक्त कथनानुसार तो चार राम हुए, ऐसा कैसे संभव है ?”
तब गुरूः ने कहा वत्स थोड़ी साधना कर, जप-ध्यानादि कर, फिर समझ में आ जायेगा।”
शिष्य साधना करता है । साधना करके शिष्य की बुद्धि जब थोड़ी सूक्ष्म हुई, तब गुरु ने उससे कहाः
जीव राम घट-घट में बोले।
ईश राम दशरथ घर डोले।
बिंदु राम का सकल पसारा।
ब्रह्म राम है सबसे न्यारा।।
यह सुनकर शिष्य बोलाः “गुरुदेव ! जीव,ईश,बिंदु व ब्रह्म इस प्रकार भी तो राम चार ही हुए न ?”
तब गुरु ने सोचा कि साधना आदि करके इसकी मति थोड़ी सूक्ष्म तो हुई है लेकिन अभी भी इसे चार राम दिख रहे हैं।
Read Me:
What Every Hindu Ought To Know About Hinduism
Hinduism History denotes Hindus lived Several Thousands Years back
गुरु ने तब करूणा करके शिष्य को समझाया कि “वत्स ! देख, घड़े में आया हुआ आकाश,मठ में आया हुआ आकाश, मेघ में आया हुआ आकाश और उससे अलग व्यापक आकाश,ये चार दिखते हैं।
मगर अगर तीनों उपाधियों – घट,मठ,और मेघ को हटा दो तो चारों में आकाश तो एक का एक ही है।
इसी प्रकारः
वही राम घट-घट में बोले।
वही राम दशरथ घर डोले।
उसी राम का सकल पसारा।
वही राम है सबसे न्यारा।।
अर्थात रोम-रोम में रमने वाला चैतन्यतत्व वही का वही है, और उसी का नाम है चैतन्य राम” ….. !!!
राम रामेति रामेति रमे रामे मनोरमे। सहस्त्र नाम ततुल्यं राम नाम वरानने।।
जो राष्ट्र का मंगल करें, वही राम है। जो लोकमंगल की कामना करें, वही राम है। सबसे आदर्श और मर्यादित व्यक्तित्व ही श्रीराम है।
भगवान श्री राम का वंश
ब्रह्मा की उन्चालिसवी पीढ़ी में श्रीराम का जन्म हुआ ! हिंदू धर्म में राम को विष्णु का सातवाँ अवतार माना जाता है। वैवस्वत मनु के दस पुत्र थे – इल,इक्ष्वाकु,कुशनाम,अरिष्ट,धृष्ट,नरिष्यन्त, करुष,महाबली,शर्याति और पृषध।
राम का जन्म इक्ष्वाकु के कुल में हुआ था। जैन धर्म के तीर्थंकर निमि भी इसी कुल के थे। मनु के दूसरे पुत्र इक्ष्वाकु से विकुक्षि,निमि और दण्डक पुत्र उत्पन्न हुए।
इस तरह से यह वंश परम्परा चलते-चलते हरिश्चन्द्र,रोहित,वृष,बाहु और सगर तक पहुँची। इक्ष्वाकु प्राचीन कौशल देश के राजा थे और इनकी राजधानी अयोध्या थी।
रामायण के बालकांड में गुरु वशिष्ठजी द्वारा राम के कुल का वर्णन किया गया है जो इस प्रकार है ।
१ – ब्रह्माजी से मरीचि हुए.
२ – मरीचि के पुत्र कश्यप हुए.
३ – कश्यप के पुत्र विवस्वान थे.
४ – विवस्वान के वैवस्वत मनु हुए. ( वैवस्वत मनु के समय जल प्रलय हुआ था )
५ – वैवस्वतमनु के दस पुत्रों में से एक का नाम इक्ष्वाकु था। इक्ष्वाकु ने अयोध्या को अपनी राजधानी बनाया और इस प्रकार इक्ष्वाकु कुल की स्थापना की।
६ – इक्ष्वाकु के पुत्र कुक्षि हुए.
७ – कुक्षि के पुत्र का नाम विकुक्षि था.
८ – विकुक्षि के पुत्र बाण हुए.
९ – बाण के पुत्र अनरण्य हुए.
१०- अनरण्य से पृथु हुए.
११- पृथु से त्रिशंकु का जन्म हुआ.
१२- त्रिशंकु के पुत्र धुंधुमार हुए.
१३- धुन्धुमार के पुत्र का नाम युवनाश्व था.
१४- युवनाश्व के पुत्र मान्धाता हुए.
१५- मान्धाता से सुसन्धि का जन्म हुआ.
१६- सुसन्धि के दो पुत्र हुए- ध्रुवसन्धि एवं प्रसेनजित.
१७- ध्रुवसन्धि के पुत्र भरत हुए।
१८- भरत के पुत्र असित हुए.
१९- असित के पुत्र सगर हुए.
२०- सगर के पुत्र का नाम असमंज था.
२१- असमंज के पुत्र अंशुमान हुए.
२२- अंशुमान के पुत्र दिलीप हुए.
२३- दिलीप के पुत्र भगीरथ हुए। भगीरथ ने ही गंगा को पृथ्वी पर उतरा था. भगीरथ के पुत्र ककुत्स्थ थे.
२४- ककुत्स्थ के पुत्र रघु हुए. रघु के अत्यंत तेजस्वी और पराक्रमी नरेश होने के कारण उनके बाद इस वंश का नाम रघुवंश हो गया, तब राम के कुल को रघुकुल भी कहा जाता है।
२५- रघु के पुत्र प्रवृद्ध हुए.
२६- प्रवृद्ध के पुत्र शंखण थे.
२७- शंखण के पुत्र सुदर्शन हुए.
२८- सुदर्शन के पुत्र का नाम अग्निवर्ण था.
२९- अग्निवर्ण के पुत्र शीघ्रग हुए.
३०- शीघ्रग के पुत्र मरु हुए.
३१- मरु के पुत्र प्रशुश्रुक थे.
३२- प्रशुश्रुक के पुत्र अम्बरीष हुए.
३३- अम्बरीष के पुत्र का नाम नहुष था.
३४- नहुष के पुत्र ययाति हुए.
३५- ययाति के पुत्र नाभाग हुए.
३६- नाभाग के पुत्र का नाम अज था.
३७- अज के पुत्र दशरथ हुए.
३८- दशरथ के चार पुत्र राम,भरत,लक्ष्मण तथा शत्रुघ्न हुए. इस प्रकार ब्रह्मा की उन्चालिसवी पीढ़ी में श्रीराम का जन्म हुआ।
The above deliberation describes Ram God in human form along with his birth lineage.
The legend, logic, and hearsay about Ram God goes on to describe him in ‘Formless' form and it is said that Ram God attained the form only when he took birth from mother Koushalya and father king Dashrath in the above-described lineage.
Birth of Ram God is celebrated in India as Shri Ramnavami day and assasination of Ravana as ‘Vijayadashmi day'.
ॐ श्री रामाय नमः
नमामि भक्त-वत्सलं, कृपालु-शील-कोमलम्।
भजामि ते पदाम्बुजं, अकामिनां स्व-धामदम्।
निकाम-श्याम-सुन्दरं, भवाम्बु-नाथ मन्दरम्।
प्रफुल्ल-कंज-लोचनं, मदादि-दोष-मोचनम्।
प्रलम्ब-बाहु-विक्रमं, प्रभो·प्रमेय-वैभवम्।
निषंग-चाप-सायकं, धरं त्रिलोक-नायकम।।
सदा सुमंगलमं, ॐ श्री रामाय नमः
Jayati Jai Jai to Ram God, Jai Jai to our beloved Bhagwan Ram.
There's a lot of anger out there.
Anger directed at multinational corporations. Anger at politicians who betray their campaign promises. Anger at global elites with billions in the bank.
Rising popular discontent will be on the agenda this week as the world's richest and most powerful people make their annual pilgrimage to Davos for the World Economic Forum.
This year, the principles long promoted by conference participants -- globalization, free trade, working together to solve problems -- face a multitude of threats. Brexit looms, and so does the presidency of Donald Trump. The Netherlands, France and Germany all face elections in 2017.
Related: Full coverage of Davos
Will Davos produce any answers? Interviews conducted in the United States, Britain, Germany and Italy show that the public have little faith in globe-trotting elites to solve their problems. And this conference high in the Swiss Alps? Few have even heard of it.
Here's what everyday people had to say about Davos 2017:
On politicians
Tony Geary, U.K.: "They're almost legalized crooks, politicians. They're allowed to get away with, really, whatever they want to."
"While we're out here working, they're sitting in an office and don't see the real world. They don't react quick enough to what are the real problems out here on the street."
Karen Webb, U.K.: "Politicians are in their own little bubble, their own little world. There's us, the working class, and then you've got them."
Antonio Franco Santella, Italy: "I feel very failed because [the powerful] don't do anything ... Or, if they do something they do it wrong."
Rhonda Madewell, Arkansas: "Honestly, I don't look to government for change anymore, I think it's just about people within your small community."
Elizabeth Mzioued, U.K.: "They discuss our lives, they set rules that are unrealistic, and they don't have to live by them."
"They're never going to be without money in their pocket. We're the peasants, and they're the privileged."
On business
Tony Geary, U.K.: "These guys that got the big houses, the big cars, the big salaries, they don't know what it's like on the shop floor with their workers."
"No one realizes how much hard work it is ... to pay our mortgage, our bills, to keep ourselves going."
Rhonda Madewell, Arkansas: "It's important to be around the common people, not be disconnected when you're a leader, and go outside of their typical boards and people who advise them and actually go to the towns, go to the people. Talk with them."
Advice for Davos
Antonio Franco Santella, Italy: "I would like to speak to the powerful elite saying that we must do something to better this world where there is so much sadness, so much poverty, and so many problems and that we have to finally try to resolve them."
Related: These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined
Juan Carlos Vaja, a Bolivian tourist in Rome: "It's a very simple message, work for the people and respect human rights."
Anthony Garza, Wisconsin: "If they pulled some of the small people in the world, like myself, I'm sure they would get a good cross-section of what the small business person thinks."
Kyle Sanford, Arkansas: "As far as the world's richest people, everybody has their own personal agenda ... I guess be less selfish, care about your fellow man a little more."
The United Nations Security Council was unable to issue a statement condemning North Korea's provocations due to disagreements among permanent members of the Council. Photo by Mark Garten/UN/UPI
NEW YORK, Aug. 9 (UPI) -- The United Nations Security Council attempted to release a statement condemning North Korea's missile launches but the move ended in failure because of China's position on THAAD deployment in South Korea.
A U.N. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity told Yonhap on Tuesday China had requested a statement that expressed opposition to the deployment of the U.S. anti-missile defense system.
China had specifically wanted a statement opposing the placement of a "new ballistic missile base" on the Korean peninsula.
The United States refused to accept those terms, according to the U.N. source.
Both countries are permanent members of the Security Council.
The polarization at the Council may present a tough challenge for the permanent members, five in total, in adopting a new statement condemning North Korea's test-firing of ballistic missiles last Wednesday, one of which landed in Japanese territorial waters.
All press statements issued by the Security Council also require the consent of 15 members of the Council, including states elected for two-year terms.
The Council employed a "silence procedure" on Tuesday but Council members appealed for an alternative statement that led to an impasse during the process, Voice of America reported.
The silence procedure system allows measures to be adopted if no member of the Council has any objections.
The United States and Japan supported the use of a silence procedure to arrive at a solution.
The Council began meeting on Aug. 4, a day after North Korea's most recent provocations but the meeting was extended to Tuesday because of disagreements, largely between China and the United States.
Home-sharers, opportunist apartment owners and lobbyists of online holiday rental agencies are the clear winners in the report into holiday rental legislation to be tabled in the NSW parliament today.
On the other side, the obvious losers are strata residents who don't want short-stay lets in their blocks, established hotels, the state's 500 or so registered bed and breakfast operators, and residential tenants competing for properties owned by short-stay hosts who can make three times as much in rent from holiday lets.
And there is a growing threat of direct disruptive action in strata schemes if any new legislation removes the ability of a majority of owners to reject having holiday lets in residential buildings.
The Legislative Assembly Committee on Environment and Planning's 80-page report on the adequacy of short-term holiday letting regulation in NSW covers topics as diverse as party houses near Byron Bay and retirees supplementing their pensions by renting out their spare rooms.
Despite the broad range and many complexities, the takeaway is simple. Renting a room in your home when you are there will be allowed, because it's not considered a change of use.
Letting out your entire home when you are not there is also OK, although that might become subject to some undefined restrictions on how often you can do it.
The report says strata schemes can't ban short-stay lets under existing laws – although many already do. Instead, NSW's incoming strata laws should be changed to include action at the Civil Administration Tribunal (NCAT) for troublemakers, in the same way as envisaged in Victoria.
The report also recommends that local councils should set their own parameters on how often a property can be rented as a holiday let before it requires development approval.
Predictably, there has already been a furious reaction from the strata community, angry that their hard-won advances against short-stay lets are about to be swept away. Some are even contemplating disruptive campaigns to make online holiday rentals too hard for their residents.
“The implications are very troubling,” says Gerry Chia, chairman of Epica tower in Chatswood and vice-chairman of the Owners Corporation Network, the lobby group for strata owners. “I expect owners corporations will resort to desperate measures to ensure that our homes remain secure communities.”
Owners in two of the strata buildings singled out in the report as having had severe problems with short-stay letting are outraged.
“I have been fighting short-term renting and cleaning up the mess in Maestri Towers for 10 years,” says Dr Michael Heaney, chairman of the 400-unit block in Kent Street. “We finally got our strata levies down by 15 per cent, cleaned up the infrastructure – a list of 35 things that were not done during short-term renting – and now I have to start fighting even harder.”
Dr Heaney had told the committee he saved owners millions of dollars when problems associated with short-stay letting – such as over-crowding, damage to common property and prostitution – were finally dealt with.
“There is no way this parliamentary inquiry committee can ever explain to me how we can manage the building and keep it safe if 240 out of the 400 units want their apartment managed as Airbnb,” he told Fairfax Media. “It will be a quasi-hotel with no fire regulations for residents and all approved by this government.”
Trish Burt, founder of the Neighbours Not Strangers website and long-term opponent of short-stay letting in the Bridgeport building in the CBD, says her block is an example of how residential apartment blocks can suffer when short-term letting is allowed.
“Parliamentarians need only look to Bridgeport to gain just a glimpse into the repercussions of the short-term letting of residential housing and the impacts on residents and all those looking for stable, secure and affordable housing,” she wrote in an open letter to committee chairman Mark Coure, MP for Oatley.
There has also been an angry reaction from hoteliers. Licensed bed and breakfasts and hotels will now have to compete with residential neighbours who can undercut their fees without having to comply with any of the regulations governing the official hospitality industry.
“What the MPs didn't understand is the non-sharing side of Airbnb. In fact 61 per cent of accommodation let by Airbnb in Sydney involves no sharing,” said Peter Hook, communication manager of the hotel-backed Tourism Association of Australia, angered by the credence given to the “slick PR” machine of the online rental agencies.
“It is just owners and commercial landlords making a buck at the expense of long-term renters,” he added.
The committee received several submissions from local councils about added pressure on the rental market but dismissed them for lack of specific data.
“The only thing that is shared is the expense to replace damaged common property,” says leading strata lawyer Stephen Goddard, chairman of OCN, who added that strata owners must be given the right to choose whether or not they want short-stay letting in their buildings.
House Republicans were furious with Senate Republicans and President Obama on Saturday for trying to cut a debt ceiling deal that leaves them out in the cold.
Members emerged from a conference meeting saying Obama had double-crossed them by breaking off talks in order to shop for a better deal from the Senate GOP.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said the deal, formulated by centrist Sen.(R-Maine.), would never get House GOP approval.
“They are trying to jam us with the Senate and we are not going to roll over and take that,” House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) said after a GOP conference meeting.
“We won't support it,” he said of the Collins proposal, which would hike the debt ceiling until the end of January and fund the government for six months at the level of the sequester.
In exchange, it would delay for two years a tax on medical devices used to pay for ObamaCare, and strengthen efforts to ensure people who get tax subsidies to buy healthcare insurance are eligible to do so.
It would also set up a conference of House and Senate members to discuss a longer-term budget deal. The conference would have to report back by Jan. 15.
Ryan said the White House was negotiating with the Senate but not the House.
“We just learned about what's going on this morning. We didn't say anything yesterday because we told the White House we would not comment on the status of negotiation, negotiations that quite frankly weren't taking place with the House,” he said.
He added that the Collins plan had “too many” problems to go into.
“I'm disappointed that the president has rejected the offer that we put on the table,” Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP: Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump, GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE (R-Va.) told reporters as he left the House GOP meeting. “I know he is trying to see which Republican senator he can pick off in the Senate. I hope that the Senate Republicans stand strong so that we can speak with one voice.”
“All of us are trying to resolve this problem,” Cantor added, “and we are trying to see a resolution as quickly as possible.”
If the Senate does reach a deal with Obama, it could be difficult for the House to reject it.
The Treasury Department has warned it will not have enough money to meet U.S. commitments as of Oct. 17. With no hike to the debt ceiling by then, there is a chance the U.S. could default on its debt, or not make Social Security payments or checks to the military.
The division between the House and Senate Republicans has also given the White House increased leverage. Polls also show the Republican Party's approval rating plummeting, raising pressure on the GOP to concede. And Senate Republicans have been cool to the House GOP plan.
Rank-and-file members expressed anger at the White House and frustration with the Senate GOP.
“Clearly the president can't be trusted,” said Rep. Aaron Schock (R-Ill.). “It is up to Senate Republicans to grow a backbone and stand with House Republicans like they said they were going to do.”
Schock said that the Collins plan is flawed because it does not make big changes to ObamaCare.
“The beef is that..not only does it not do anything substantive to ObamaCare, more importantly it does not do anything to long term spending. There are no changes to Medicare, no changes to Social Security,” he said.
Rep. Trey Radel (R-Fla.) said Obama is taking advantage of the split between Senate and House Republicans.
“He has gone to the Senate Republicans and he's shopping,” Radel said. He said the country is now facing some "pretty serious consequences" because of “Obama's behavior.”
On finishing Bastion the first time, my first thought was, “I'm playing this over again, right now, and not just because I'm still missing a couple of Xbox Achievements.” And I did. When I finished it a second time, my first thought was, “Okay, I'm ready for a sequel, and it's not just because I have all the Xbox Achievements now.”
So it is with great sorrow in my heart and great tears in my eyes that I must tell you all that there won't be a Bastion sequel.
“We always intended for Bastion to be a stand-alone game though we did aim to create a rich world for it that could potentially support other stories,” Supergiant‘s Greg Kasavin told Eurogamer.
“I don't know if we'll ever go back to the world of that game, though if we do it will be at a time when the team wants to do that more than anything else. It can't just be a financially motivated decision because that's not how Bastion was created in the first place.”
Sometime over the last week, Bastion passed the half million sales mark, investing Supergiant with “the resources to create another game on our own terms, meaning we can self-fund the project and take the time we need to get it right,” as Kasavin put it.
He wouldn't reveal what the company is working on next, however, saying only that “We're a long way away from being able to talk about that next project in any kind of detail, though, except to say that our core team will be sticking together to create whatever it is.”
We hypothesize that language structures are subjected to different evolutionary pressures in different social environments. Just as biological organisms are shaped by ecological niches, language structures appear to adapt to the environment (niche) in which they are being learned and used. The proposed Linguistic Niche Hypothesis has implications for answering the broad question of why languages differ in the way they do and makes empirical predictions regarding language acquisition capacities of children versus adults.
We conducted a statistical analysis of >2,000 languages using a combination of demographic sources and the World Atlas of Language Structures— a database of structural language properties. We found strong relationships between linguistic factors related to morphological complexity, and demographic/socio-historical factors such as the number of language users, geographic spread, and degree of language contact. The analyses suggest that languages spoken by large groups have simpler inflectional morphology than languages spoken by smaller groups as measured on a variety of factors such as case systems and complexity of conjugations. Additionally, languages spoken by large groups are much more likely to use lexical strategies in place of inflectional morphology to encode evidentiality, negation, aspect, and possession. Our findings indicate that just as biological organisms are shaped by ecological niches, language structures appear to adapt to the environment (niche) in which they are being learned and used. As adults learn a language, features that are difficult for them to acquire, are less likely to be passed on to subsequent learners. Languages used for communication in large groups that include adult learners appear to have been subjected to such selection. Conversely, the morphological complexity common to languages used in small groups increases redundancy which may facilitate language learning by infants.
Languages differ greatly both in their syntactic and morphological systems and in the social environments in which they exist. We challenge the view that language grammars are unrelated to social environments in which they are learned and used.
Funding: GL was supported by an Integrative Graduate from Education and Research Training (IGERT) award to the Institute for Research in Cognitive Science, University of Pennsylvania. RD was supported by National Science Foundation BCS-0720322 and BCS-0826825. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Introduction
Although the largest languages are spoken by millions of people spread over vast geographic areas, most languages are spoken by relatively few individuals over comparatively small areas. The median number of speakers for the 6,912 languages catalogued by the Ethnologue is only 7,000, compared to the mean of over 828,000 [1]. Similarly, for the 2,236 languages in our sample (Figure 1), the median area over which a language is spoken is about the size of Luxembourg or San Diego, California (948 km2). The mean area is about the size of Austria or the US state of Maryland (33,795 km2). Languages also differ dramatically in the proportion of individuals who speak the language natively (L1 speakers) to those who learned it later in life (L2 speakers) (Table S1). Although there are numerous counter-examples (Text S1), languages spoken by millions of people have a greater likelihood of coming into contact with other languages and of having numerous nonnative speakers compared to languages spoken by only a few thousand people. This is not surprising: a language spoken by more people is more likely to encompass a larger and more diverse area and include speakers from varying ethnic and linguistic backgrounds. Conversely, languages spoken by a thousand or even fewer individuals tend to be spoken in highly circumscribed locales (Text S2). Overall, languages with smaller speaker populations are more likely to be spoken by more socially cohesive groups [2] than languages that have millions of speakers.
Just as there are socio-historical and demographic differences among the world's languages, there are also vast differences among languages in morphology and syntax [3]. For example languages differ in the devices used to convey syntactic relations—who did what to whom. Some languages rely on a fixed word order (Subject-Verb-Object in the case of English), while other languages (e.g., German, Polish) allow much more flexibility in word order and rely on case markings to signal which noun fills the role of subject, object, etc. [4] More generally, languages differ in the amount of information conveyed through inflectional morphology compared to the amount of information conveyed through non-morphological devices such as word order and lexical constructions. For example, compare morphological marking of aspect in Russian “Ya vypil chai” (I PERFECTIVE+drank tea), to the English lexical strategy, “I finished drinking the tea.” Some other domains exhibiting such differences between lexical and morphological strategies include tense, aspect, evidentiality, negation, plurality, and expressions of possibility.
Languages with richer morphological systems are said to be more overspecified [5]–[7]. For instance, of the languages that encode the past tense inflectionally, about 20% have past tenses that explicitly mark remoteness distinctions. For example Yagua, a language of Peru, has inflections that differentiate 5 levels of remoteness. A verb denoting an event that happened only a few hours ago takes the suffix –jásiy; an event that happened a day previous to the utterance requires a different suffix, -jay; an event that occurred a week to a month ago, a still different suffix, -siy, etc. [8]. Of course, languages without these grammatical distinctions can express them lexically, as in English: “I broke my foot a few years ago.” On the other hand, when semantic distinctions are encoded grammatically, speakers are generally obligated to make them [9], hence sentences concerning the past will have its remoteness specified even when it may not be relevant to the discourse. In the English example above, speakers have the option to omit remoteness information, but are obligated to express the grammatically encoded past tense (which leaves remoteness to context). In Mandarin or Thai, which express both tense and remoteness lexically, speakers have the option of omitting the past tense entirely. Of the 222 languages in our corpus for which tense information is available, 40% do not encode past tense inflectionally [10].
The degree and specificity of morphological encoding can reach astounding levels. For example, Karok—a language of N.W. California—has morphological suffixes for forms of containment pa:θ-kirih “throw into fire”, pa:θ-kurih “throw into water”, pa:θ-ruprih “throw in through a solid” (the affixes are unrelated to the lexemes for water, fire, etc.) [11]. Clearly, such elaboration does not arise from communicative necessity. Researchers have long been puzzled by the reasons why some languages abound in such overspecification, while others (sometimes closely related ones) eschew it. For example, in comparing English and German we find that where the surface structures of English and German contrast, English is less specified, leaving more to context [6], thus, “…German speakers are forced to make certain semantic distinctions which can regularly be left unspecified in English” [6], p. 28). For example, German obligatorily specifies the direction of motion in the place adverbs here/there/where. Compare: hier/her; dort/hin; wo/wohin. English can specify direction using to and from (“where to” versus “where from”), but such specification is optional and is generally omitted [12], [9]. Grammatical divergence between languages has been typically attributed to drift—as a population speaking an ancestral Germanic language splits into separate groups, their language gradually diverges with one branch becoming English and the other German [13]. Such accounts do not explain why English came to shed much of its morphology while German retained it.
Attempts to establish relationships between social and linguistic structure date back at least a century [14]–[16]; see [17] for a review. Recent work has provided some support for the idea that extralinguistic factors (e.g., degree of ecological risk) play a role in some aspects of language such as varying levels of linguistic diversity in different parts of the world [18], [19]. A number of researchers have investigated correlations between social environments and the phonological structure of languages [20]–[22] and, intriguingly, have also found correlations between physical aspects of the environment such as temperature, and phonological inventories [23], [24]. It has also been argued that the physical environment [25], and historical developments that impact language transmission can impact the syntactic and morphological structure of languages [2], [5], [26], [27].
Languages with histories of adult learning have been argued to be morphologically simpler, less redundant, and more regular/transparent [2], [7], [28]–[30]. This argument has been made most forcefully and convincingly for Creole languages [26], but it has been speculated that any situation in which a language is learned by a substantial number of adults it becomes simplified due to the “lousy language learning abilities of the human adult” [28]. The evidence for such linguistic simplification has been largely descriptive, consisting of selected examples and grammatical inventories of small numbers of languages [17], [14], [29], [7], [5] . Thus, at present, there is little convincing evidence of global relationships between linguistic structure and non-linguistic factors and limited theoretical frameworks within which to understand such relationships [e.g., 20 for the case of phonological inventories]. An additional limitation of previous work is that it fails to explain why morphological complexity and grammatical overspecification arise in the first place. That is, why aren't all languages as morphologically simple as those that have been argued to be heavily shaped by adult learning, e.g., English [12]?
The primary goal of the present work is to examine whether non-spurious relationships exist between social and linguistic structure by using large-scale demographic and linguistic databases. A secondary goal is to provide a tentative framework within which to understand the reported results—the Linguistic Niche Hypothesis—which provides a nomothetic account for understanding relationships between linguistic and social structure (Text S3).
In assessing the relationship between social and linguistic structure, it is useful to distinguish two main contexts (niches) in which languages are learned and used: the exoteric and the esoteric [2], [31]. The exoteric linguistic niche contains languages with large numbers of speakers, thus requiring these languages to serve as interfaces for communication between strangers. In reality the esoteric and exoteric niches form a continuum, and are represented as such in our analyses (see also Text S4). Speakers of languages in the exoteric niche compared to speakers of esoteric languages are more likely to (1) be nonnative speakers or have learned the language from nonnative speakers, and (2) use the language to speak to outsiders—individuals from different ethnic and/or linguistic backgrounds. The exoteric niche includes languages like English, Swahili, and Hindi, while the esoteric niche includes languages like Tatar, Elfdalian, and Algonquin.
Today's update is a short, spooky announce!
Get ready gang! The Grimm Troupe, HK's second free content pack, will descend for PC, Mac & Linux players on October the 26th!
The Grimm Troupe will arrive as a free update for Steam and GOG players. For DRM Free players through Humble Bundle, an updated version of the game will be made available at the same time through your humble link.
For GOG players, we've added in the full GOG Galaxy feature set, so get ready to see those achievements popping, and your saves safely backed up in a cloud somewhere!
That's the big news, but we just have to fit in a few small things before we dash back to work:
Inktober
October is becoming the artsiest time of the year thanks to Inktober, in which creative types from across the globe pull out their pens and brushes to produce 30 pieces of original work. Hollow Knight's been getting lots of love through the month, so we're going to spotlight a few of our faves.
Talented Aussie artist @CrikeyDave shared this fearsome (Yet still cute!) artwork of HK!
@DanielJavelli took a colourful approach to HK and its world.
Eric Spitler's captured the Last Stag in action. @ericspitlerart
Hornet looking just as lethal in human form thanks to @Saroiyan
While we're on the creative kick, we also just had to share these two amazing, recent fan arts:
The most intimidating Soul Master we've ever seen, thanks to @Aaron_Draws8 on Twitter.
A serene moment with Quirrel beside the blue lake, by @zzekRain
Hollow Knight Speedrun at PAX Aus
PAX Australia begins in Melbourne on the 27th of this Month, just one day after Grimm's big debut. Team Cherry won't be showing Hollow Knight at the Con (We're holding off till we can show everyone the Switch version!), but the game is still present in one very important way: Speedrunning!
Hollow Knight will be run at PAX on Sunday the 29th by Simo, creator of HK's Discord(https://discord.me/hollowknight), and one of our favourite people! Team Cherry is trying to squeeze in an ultra-quick trip over to Melbourne to watch the run. If you're attending the show, then you Must Be There!
Last Screen-Prints Are Sent!
For $75 and above Backers the final screen-print design is now printed, signed and delivered! For the few of you that have yet to receive a print, please allow 4 weeks for them to arrive.
The only remaining rewards to send out are artworks for a few of our highest-tier backers, specifically: watercolours of their upcoming bosses! With the bosses landing alongside Hornet and her adventure, backers can expect to receive those watercolours at the same time. Everyone else, get ready to face these fierce new adversaries armed with needle and thread!
That's it gang! Short and sharp. Holloween is almost upon us.
Till next time ;)
Hillary Clinton sounded naive when talking about Russia and Vladimir Putin in private, paid speeches to Goldman Sachs employees, longtime Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald confided to campaign staffers.
In speeches to Goldman Sachs employees, Clinton claimed that Russia poses no threat to the United States — a different argument than the one she has made on the campaign trail in 2016.
Discussing a potential fallout if the speeches ever became public, Grunwald noted that Clinton's campaign could be damaged by “a ton of foreign policy stuff” in the speeches, “including some naive sounding comments about Putin — that could cause a whole separate set of issues — but Jake should review all that.” (RELATED: Obama, Kerry And Clinton Mocked Romney For Warning About Russia)
Grunwald made the comment while emailing with senior Clinton campaign staffers about how best to handle Clinton's three private speeches to Goldman Sachs, for which she was paid $675,000.
Despite both Democrats and Republicans calling on her to release the speech transcripts herself, Clinton refused to do so.
The transcripts only became public when they were founded among hacked emails from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta's Gmail account that were published by Wikileaks. (RELATED: Clinton Adviser On Paid Goldman Sachs Speeches: ‘It's Pretty Bad')
The Clinton campaign has claimed that WikiLeaks is operating in concert with Russian hackers to influence the election. (RELATED: Anti-Bribery Laws ‘REALLY Dicey Territory' For Hillary)
Follow Hasson on Twitter @PeterJHasson
Gary Johnson Gary Earl JohnsonPotential GOP primary challenger: Trump's 'contempt for the American people' behind possible bid The Hill's 12:30 Report — Presented by Kidney Care Partners — Trump escalates border fight with emergency declaration Former Mass. governor takes step toward Trump primary challenge MORE, the Libertarian Party's nominee for president who previously served as the CEO of a medical marijuana company, on Sunday defended his advocacy for legalizing pot.
ADVERTISEMENT
Johnson said that, if elected, one of his first actions would be to delist marijuana from the Drug Enforcement Agency's list of Schedule I controlled substances, which also includes heroin and LSD.
Before running for president, he was CEO of Cannabis Sativa Inc., which has made it hard for some Republicans disillusioned with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to vote for Johnson as an alternative.
He sought to reassure potential voters on Sunday in an interview with Chris Wallace, the host of "Fox News Sunday," by arguing that marijuana is less dangerous than prescription drugs or alcohol.
“Of all the things you can be involved with, why sell pot?” Wallace asked.
Johnson argued, “Marijuana products, which directly compete with legal prescription drugs on the medical front, don't kill anybody.
“Not one documented death,” he said. “Marijuana does provide that relief. There needs to be research and development in this area."
But he said it's difficult to research the potential benefits of the drug because of the DEA's current classification.
“As president of the United States, I would delist marijuana as a Class I narcotic. This is going to be an issue that is left up to the states, just like alcohol,” he said.
“Then on the recreational side of this, Chris, I have always believed that legalizing marijuana will lead to less overall substance abuse, because it's so much safer than everything else out there, starting with alcohol,” he said.
The medical benefits of marijuana consumption have been hotly debated among experts. While there's promising anecdotal evidence that it can be used to treat epilepsy, evidence that it does much to alleviate glaucoma in the long term is scant.
Johnson said in an interview with The Hill earlier this year that he had consumed marijuana as recently as May but promised he would stop getting high if elected president in November.
U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel pose for a photograph prior to a bilateral meeting on the eve of the G-20 summit in Hamburg, northern Germany, Thursday, July 6, 2017. The leaders of the group of 20 meet July 7 and 8. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader, pool)
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Ahead of a crucial meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, President Donald Trump stopped short Thursday of condemning Moscow for meddling in the U.S. presidential election — and refused to say if he would raise the issue when the leaders go behind closed doors.
Yet in a speech to a friendly crowd of thousands who chanted his name in downtown Warsaw, Trump sought to demonstrate that he wasn't overlooking Russian behavior that has sparked global concern, especially from Poland and other eastern and central European nations.
“We urge Russia to cease its destabilizing activities in Ukraine and elsewhere, and its support for hostile regimes, including Syria and Iran, and to join the community of responsible nations in our fight against common enemies and in defense of civilization itself,” he said from Krasinski Square.
Trump then flew to Hamburg, Germany, where more than 100,000 protesters were expected to flood the city to stage massive protests against the Group of 20 summits. On the eve of the two-day meeting, German police used water cannons and pepper spray to disperse protesters in Hamburg after being attacked with bottles and stones by some marchers.
Trump's critique of Russia did not appear to extend to its actions during last year's presidential campaign. Multiple U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia meddled in the election to benefit Trump, who has refused to embrace the finding wholeheartedly.
During a news conference before his speech praising Poland for overcoming adversity, Trump again questioned the reliability of U.S. intelligence on the election issue and argued that Russia wasn't the only country that might be guilty of interfering.
“Nobody really knows for sure,” Trump said.
Poland's conservative government had promised the U.S. president enthusiastic crowds in its invitation to Trump, Polish media had reported, and it clearly delivered.
Opening his second overseas trip since taking office in January, Trump also warned North Korea that he's considering “some pretty severe things” in response to the isolated nation's unprecedented launch this week of a missile capable of reaching the U.S. He offered no details, but called on all nations to confront North Korea's “very, very bad behavior.”
Trump also stated unequivocally that the U.S. stands “firmly behind Article 5,” the NATO provision requiring members to defend each other if they come under attack. He had disappointed U.S. allies by declining to affirm that commitment during his first trip to Europe in May.
As U.S. investigations into Russia's interference continue, Trump is under intense scrutiny over how he handles his first face-to-face meeting Friday with Putin, a former Russian intelligence agent. They will meet in Hamburg on the sidelines of the summit of the world's rich and developing nations.
A group of senior Democratic U.S. senators served notice Thursday that Trump would be in “severe dereliction” of his presidential duty if he fails to confront Putin over the issue, telling Trump in a letter that he must make clear that Russia's interference in U.S. democracy will not be tolerated.
“The upcoming elections cannot be a playground for President Putin,” said Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York; Dick Durbin of Illinois, the Senate's No. 2 Democrat; and the top Democrats on the Intelligence, Armed Services, and Foreign Relations committees.
Unwilling to cast doubt on the legitimacy of his election victory, Trump has avoided firmly blaming Russia for the campaign hacking. He skirted the blame game again Thursday, arguing at turns that it could have been, probably was and indeed was Russia.
He insisted that other countries could have been involved, too.
Trump demurred when asked whether he would raise the election issue with Putin. He sought instead to turn the question around on his predecessor, blaming then-President Barack Obama for essentially sanctioning Moscow's interference.
Though the Obama administration warned Russia publicly and privately before the Nov. 8 election to quit interfering, questions have since been raised about whether Obama acted aggressively enough to stop the threat.
“They say he choked — well, I don't think he choked,” Trump said at a news conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda. “I think he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win the election, and he said, ‘Let's not do anything about it.'”
Using information collected by the FBI, CIA and National Security Agency, the U.S. national intelligence director last year concluded that Moscow was behind the hack of Democratic Party email systems and attempted to influence the 2016 election to benefit Trump. The Obama administration said the effort was directed from the “highest levels” of Russia's government — a reference to Putin.
“Mistakes have been made” by U.S. intelligence, said Trump, offering a reminder that America's spy agencies had once been confident that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction. He said that created “one big mess” in the form of the Iraq war. Though Trump has made similar statements before, it was an extraordinary public expression of doubt about U.S. intelligence capabilities by a president while on foreign soil.
Trump met in Hamburg with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, host of the summit. He was following that by having dinner with the leaders of South Korea and Japan, with the discussion focused on the threat posed by their North Korean neighbor.
In Poland, Trump also used time at the news conference with Duda to sharply criticize some U.S. news organizations for their coverage of his presidency. That elicited some sympathy from Duda, who suggested that he, too, was covered unfairly.
“We don't want fake news,” Trump said.
Before the speech in Poland, Trump and his wife, Melania, laid a wreath at a monument commemorating the 1944 Warsaw Uprising against Nazi occupation. Warsaw police told The Associated Press that some 15,000 people attended Trump's speech. Many waved U.S. and Polish flags and gathered near TV screens that were specifically set up in the square to broadcast Trump's address.
___
Associated Press writers Josh Lederman, Vivian Salama and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
___
On Twitter follow Superville at https://twitter.com/dsupervilleap and Thomas at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC
hidden
As the world marks the centenary of the Battle of the Somme, one of the bloodiest battles in human history, hitherto unknown tales of Sikhs during The Great War (1914-18) are being captured for the first time using the latest in mapping technology and a crowd-sourcing initiative to preserve family stories that were at risk of being lost forever. Thanks to the launch of a website titled 'Empire, Faith & War: The Sikhs and World War One' (empirefaithwar.com ), funded in the main by a grant of 448,500 pounds ($583,000/Rs 4 crore) from the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF), the remarkable contribution of Sikhs to the First World War will be placed within the wider narrative of how the first global conflict in history pulled in men, money and materials from around the world -- most notably for the British Empire, from India, and in particular the northern state of Punjab.
"The endeavour by the UK Punjab Heritage Association (UKPHA) represents a major shift of emphasis from institutional or historian-led research and interpretation to a community-focused drive to tell a story that would otherwise remain a footnote in history," said Amandeep Madra, the UKPHA chair. Despite accounting for less than one percent of the population of India at that time, Sikhs made up nearly 20 per cent of British Indian armed forces at the outbreak of hostilities. Indian troops overall comprised one in every six of Britain's wartime forces. It's not surprising, therefore, that many Sikh families in Britain have a wartime connection but their stories -- including those of turbaned Sikh cavalrymen at the Somme -- have mostly remained hidden and undocumented until now.
At the heart of the website is a new database that will be used to collect and share previously untold accounts of Sikh soldiers. Significantly, in order to create as complete a picture as possible of the Sikh experience of the war, the database will also include details of those alongside whom the Sikhs fought, the families that they left behind and those in the community who opposed the conflict. The results will be displayed on an interactive 'Soldier Map', created using Google Maps technology. Records are pinpointed to a soldier's place of birth -- inevitably somewhere in or near the undivided Punjab -- rather than to where they may have fought or died.
"Crucially, this approach has the potential to generate a strong emotional pull for British Sikhs through their connections to familial villages and towns. It is hoped that by engaging with the Soldier Map, members of the public will be able to discover unknown connections to their ancestral heritage, the aim being to encourage a sense of ownership of, and connection with, those who fought and endured the 'War to end all wars'," Madra said. So far, nearly 8,000 records of Sikhs killed in action -- taken from the Commonwealth War Graves Commission's (CWGC) casualty database -- have been pinned on the map. The striking geographical picture that emerges reveals patterns of recruitment into the British Indian Army a century ago, reflecting the fact that recruits from the state of Punjab represented around half of its wartime strength.
The map and database represent the culmination of UKPHA's three-year-long 'Empire, Faith & War' (EFW) project, which has already inspired over 200 families to tell the story of their ancestors. Such accounts were at risk of being lost forever as older generations passed away. The association is calling out to Sikhs and non-Sikhs alike to step forward as Citizen Historians and help create a virtual memorial and legacy. "By combining family memories and memorabilia with archival records, this collectively curated community endeavor will create a unique, definitive, database of the Sikh experience of WW1 for families, researchers and historians to freely access, add to and make use of," Madra said.
Also presented for the first time on the website are the voices of two veterans in the form of revelatory audio interviews recorded over 30 years ago by historian and author Charles Allen. The first is with John (Jackie) Smyth VC of the 15th Ludhiana Sikhs. As a young lieutenant on the Western Front, he led 10 Sikh "supermen" (as one contemporary British newspaper described them) on a suicide mission to carry 96 bombs across 250 yards -- the length of two football pitches -- of No Man's Land.The second interviewee was a pioneer of the skies, (Honorary) Flight Lieutenant Hardit Singh Malik. This extraordinary Sikh was the first Indian pilot to fly for the Royal Flying Corps and the only one to survive the War. He faced the Red Baron's Flying Circus during the Battle of Passchendaele and miraculously survived an encounter in which his plane was riddled by over 400 bullets.
The second interviewee was a pioneer of the skies, (Honorary) Flight Lieutenant Hardit Singh Malik. This extraordinary Sikh was the first Indian pilot to fly for the Royal Flying Corps and the only one to survive the War. He faced the Red Baron's Flying Circus during the Battle of Passchendaele and miraculously survived an encounter in which his plane was riddled by over 400 bullets. "To enable the public, researchers and educators alike become involved, learn about and teach this forgotten aspect of British wartime history, the EFW website will continue to develop until the end of 2016 to host an array of exciting new resources," Madra said.
IANS
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Buffalo Bills defensive end IK Enemkpali is eligible to return Monday from his four-game NFL-imposed suspension.
As is typical with most players returning from suspension, the Bills probably will be granted a roster exemption allowing Enemkpali to practice -- but not play -- for several days before the team has to clear a spot on its 53-man roster.
The Bills re-signed Enemkpali to their practice squad after he was waived during final cuts, but added him to their 53-man roster for the duration of his suspension.
Buffalo could decide to keep Enemkpali on the 53-man roster instead of releasing him and attempting to re-sign him to their practice squad.
"We have one young man that's suspended right now, IK, so we'll see how ... could he fit in that mix a little bit when he comes back? That's a possibility," coach Rex Ryan said last week.
The Bills have leaned heavily on defensive ends Mario Williams and Jerry Hughes, with each playing roughly 90 percent of defensive snaps through the first month of the season. Alex Carrington, the Bills' only other defensive end on their 53-man roster, has been a healthy scratch for the past two games.
The NFL suspended Enemkpali last month following an August incident in the New York Jets' locker room when Enemkpali punched quarterback Geno Smith, breaking his jaw.
As I wrote on Saturday, the Obama Administration has authorized a new U.S. arms sale to the Bahraini monarchy. This comes just months after a Congressional and public outcry that led the administration to suspend a prior $53 million arms sale to Bahrain.
Members of Congress, journalists, and Amnesty International were all outraged over the last proposed arms sale. That's because Bahraini protesters continue to be tear gassed, beaten, and even killed while exercising their human rights of free speech and association – rights that include the freedom to criticize one's government.
Regarding this new arms sale, here are the top four questions that the Obama administration must answer immediately:
1. Why was the arms sale kept secret from the public?
Josh Rogin at Foreign Policy leaked the news of the arms sale on Friday. He also reported that U.S. arms sales under $1 million don't have to be publicly disclosed. So the Obama administration didn't publicly mention it. But why? At a time when the Bahraini government continues to crack down on protesters, why did the Obama administration keep the contents of this arms sale — or multiple arms sales — secret?
2. What is in the arms sale?
U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said that the arms sale “includes spare parts,” arms for Bahrain's “external defense”, and that “none of these items can be used against protesters.” But the last time the U.S. State Department said that arms were being sold to Bahrain for “external defense” – the arms package contained humvees. This came after the Bahraini government had already used tanks to surround a hospital where wounded protestors had been treated. The public needs to know what the Obama administration is selling to Bahrain. Ammunition? Replacement parts for ships? Vehicles to transport soldiers? Landing gear for cargo planes? Tanks?
3. How many secret arms sales are there?
In his above mentioned piece, Rogin implied that the Obama administration could hypothetically turn the suspended $53 million arms sale into 53 or more separate arms sales under $1 million each — and that none of them would have to be reported. Is that what is happening? How many unreported U.S. arms sales to Bahrain are happening now — or are slated to happen in the future?
4. How does this secret arms sale square with the President's State of the Union address?
In his State of the Union address last week, President Obama referred to the “wave of change” in the Middle East. He also described what U.S. foreign policy would be: “We will stand against violence and intimidation. We will stand for the rights and dignity of all human beings –- men and women; Christians, Muslims and Jews.”
It remains to be seen what is in this latest arms sale (or sales) to Bahrain. But at a time when Bahrainis are experiencing human rights violations at home, it doesn't look good to be handing their government additional military equipment.
Follow Sanjeev Bery on Twitter @SanjeevBery and Facebook
As the NDP government prepares to fight a major legal battle against power companies over cancelled contracts, it's facing questions over why it doesn't instead cut its losses and reduce the potential liability to Albertans by more than $1 billion.
The province this week asked the Court of Queen's Bench to declare void a provision in power purchase arrangement (PPA) regulations that allow companies to terminate the contracts if any change in law makes the deals “more unprofitable.”
The government maintains the clause was unlawfully enacted under the previous Progressive Conservative government at the behest of the defunct and discredited Enron Corp.
Deputy premier Sarah Hoffman said that if companies that have recently cancelled contracts are successful in returning them to the Balancing Pool, a government entity, it will cost Albertans an additional $2 billion on their power bills by 2020 when the PPAs expire.
But one of the companies at the centre of the case — Capital Power — said the government is being “misleading” in its monetary claims.
The company points to public information from the Balancing Pool that shows it could reduce its liability to $950 million by cancelling the contracts, or $635 million by cancelling some and managing others.
Gary Reynolds, the former president of the Balancing Pool who is now a consultant, said he was certain that under normal circumstances some of the PPAs would be cancelled, reducing the province's overall exposure.
Instead, the government is making a high-stakes gamble, he said.
“While this is being tied up in court, it's going to prevent the Balancing Pool from deciding whether or not it's better to hold the PPAs or terminate them,” Reynolds said in an interview this week.
“If this goes against the government of Alberta, then all the losses that are incurred on the PPAs while this is tied up in the courts will be eaten by consumers. The Balancing Pool otherwise may have decided it was better and pay out the net book value and that would have been a much better economic decision.”
PPAs are contracts set up during the deregulation of Alberta's electrical system that sees buyers purchase power from generating companies and then resell into the open market.
Since December, Enmax, TransCanada, ASTC Power Partnership (an association between TransCanada and AltaGas) and Capital Power have announced their intention to terminate all of their PPAs for coal-fired electricity, transferring the money-losing contracts back to the Balancing Pool.
The companies all cited the NDP government's Jan. 1 increase to the carbon levy on large emitters, the Specified Gas Emitters Regulation.
Only Enmax's initial termination of its Battle River PPA has been accepted by the Balancing Pool, though the government is trying to block that move through its court case.
If the Balancing Pool takes over the PPAs, it could continue to hold them, resell them or cancel them by paying the power plant owner a termination payment equal to its book value.
Martin Kennedy, spokesperson for Capital Power, said he wouldn't quibble over numbers except to say “there is absolutely no reason on Earth” the government should be citing a potential $2 billion cost.
“If they simply terminated all the PPAs, the obligation of the Balancing Pool is to pay those plant owners the net book value of the plants, and that is about $950 million,” he said.
“So the absolute worst-case scenario is half what they've suggested. If there are sorts of basic errors of math like that, it makes me wonder about everything else that's been claimed.”
But Hoffman said in an interview that it would not be fair for Albertans to assume even the reduced liability.
“We're not going to accept any amount being off-loaded down to Albertans through what we see as being unlawful (action),” she said.
“It was certainly secretive and it appears to have been a backroom deal between Enron and the PC government. Those aren't the kinds of things we should just smile, suck up and move on with asking Albertans to pay more. We're going to court because we know it's wrong.”
jwood@postmedia.com
cvarcoe@postmedia.com
WASHINGTON — In a German prison camp 71 years ago, Master Sgt. Roddie Edmonds stared down the barrel of his Nazi captor's pistol and refused to say which of his fellow prisoners of war were Jewish.
“We are all Jews here,” said Sergeant Edmonds, the highest-ranking American noncommissioned officer at Ziegenhain stalag that day, instead ordering more than 1,000 of his fellow prisoners to stand together in front of their barracks. The Geneva Convention required prisoners to provide only their name, rank and serial number, not their religion, Sergeant Edmonds said, warning the German that if he shot them all, he would be tried for war crimes.
That act of defiance in January 1945 spared the lives of as many as 200 Jews, and, on Wednesday, President Obama echoed Sergeant Edmonds's words of solidarity with the Jews as he recognized him posthumously as the first American service member to be named Righteous Among the Nations, an honor bestowed on non-Jews who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust.
The event was the first time a sitting American president has spoken at the Israeli Embassy, and it was all the more notable because it came only months after Mr. Obama clashed openly with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel over the Iran nuclear deal. On Wednesday, there was little sign of the rift.
Romney greets an NAACP officer as he prepares to address the group.
Photo by Eric Kayne/Getty Images
If you want to know what Mitt Romney thinks of you, don't listen to what he tells you. Listen to what he says about you at his next campaign stop.
Last weekend, Romney spoke at three fundraisers in the Hamptons. One was at the home of David Koch, a founder of the Cato Institute and former Libertarian Party nominee for vice president. Another was at the home of Ron Perelman, a past donor to Democrats and pro-choice Republicans. A third was hosted by Clifford Sobel, a prominent Jewish Republican contributor. The guests were cut from the same cloth. All three events were closed to the press. But given the pro-choice inclinations of wealthy, Jewish, Northeastern, and moderate Republicans, you can be pretty sure Romney didn't bring up his pro-life position on abortion.
Romney was happy to talk about abortion two days later, though. At a town hall meeting in Colorado, a young man asked Romney: “In terms of social equality, and in terms of, like, women's rights or gay rights, and liberty and that area, what is so wrong about exploring liberty, and giving liberty to everyone in every field, not just in the economy?” Romney replied:
I support the statement that you make. … There may be some places we have some differing viewpoints. I mean, I, for instance believe that when it comes to a very tender issue, which is the issue of abortion … well-meaning Americans come to different conclusions on that topic. And some, like myself, attach importance to the unborn child as a life.
The crowd applauded. But the young man hadn't asked about abortion. He had asked about gay rights and women's rights. Why didn't Romney answer the question? Maybe it was because the young man's voice set off the gaydar of everyone in the room. Or maybe it was because polls on gay rights, unlike polls on abortion, have shifted against Romney's position. Either way, Romney chose not to touch that issue in front of a possibly gay questioner in a swing state.
Romney was happy to bring up gay marriage the next day, though. His audience was the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Blacks have generally opposed gay marriage more than whites have, though some polls have differed. That's why Republicans have used gay marriage as a wedge issue to lure black voters. In his speech, Romney paused and carefully delivered a canned applause line that he hadn't used in his campaign stops before white audiences: “ I will defend traditional marriage.” He got his biggest ovation of the morning.
Romney told the NAACP attendees he was there to earn their votes. “Support is asked for and earned, and that's why I'm here,” he professed. But that night, he went to a fundraiser in Montana and proudly noted that the NAACP had booed him for criticizing “Obamacare”:
By the way, I had the privilege of speaking today at the NAACP convention in Houston and I gave them the same speech I am giving you. I don't give different speeches to different audiences … When I mentioned I am going to get rid of Obamacare, they weren't happy, I didn't get the same response. That's OK, I want people to know what I stand for and if I don't stand for what they want, go vote for someone else, that's just fine.
Why would Romney bring this up in Montana? Why would he tell the Montana audience it's just fine if the NAACP doesn't vote for him? I don't know, but I can tell you this: Montana ranks dead last in the proportion of its population that is black, at 0.5 percent. In Montana, there's only one black person for every 30 square miles.
It's obvious from these four episodes that Romney, contrary to his boast, does say different things to different audiences. Among politicians, that's nothing unusual. What's unusual is that Romney, for further advantage, told each audience what he wouldn't tell the last one. First he talked pro-choice Republicans into giving him millions of dollars. Then he told the gay-rights guy he was pro-life. Then he told the NAACP he was against gay marriage. Then he told the Montanans he had pissed off the NAACP. Romney didn't just hide things from each audience. He dissed them.
The problem with this behavior, politically, is that once you recognize it looking backward, you can anticipate it going forward. If you're black, and Romney sucks up to you by standing up to gays, you shouldn't be surprised when he sucks up to whites by standing up to blacks. Today you're the audience. Tomorrow you're the prop. It's one of life's oldest rules: You can learn more about somebody by what he says about other people than by what he says about you.
William Saletan's latest short takes on the news, via Twitter:
Parked at Loopia
This domain has been purchased and parked by a customer of Loopia. Use LoopiaWHOIS to view the domain holder's public information.
Are you the owner of the domain and want to get started? Login to Loopia Customer zone and actualize your plan.
Register domains at Loopia
Protect your company name, brands and ideas as domains at one of the largest domain providers in Scandinavia. Search available domains at loopia.com »
Search
Get full control of your domains with LoopiaDNS
With LoopiaDNS, you will be able to manage your domains in one single place in Loopia Customer zone. Read more at loopia.com/loopiadns »
Create a website at Loopia - quickly and easily
Our full-featured web hosting packages include everything you need to get started with your website, email, blog and online store.
President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy ride in the motorcade in Washington on May 3, 1961. November 22, 2008 marks the 45th anniversary of the day President Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. (UPI Photo/Abbie Rowe/John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum) | License Photo
President John F. Kennedy slumps into the arms of his wife, Jackie, immediately after he was shot as his motorcade made its way through Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. (UPI/File) | License Photo
Texas Governor John Connally (foreground) adjusts his tie as President John F. Kennedy and his wife, Jackie, prepare for their tour of Dallas, November 22, 1963. The President would later be shot and killed while his motorcade made its way through Dealey Plaza. (UPI/File) | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Sixty-one percent of Americans say President John F. Kennedy's death was the product of a conspiracy, a poll indicates.
The percentage is the lowest in the nearly 50 years since the killing, Gallup reported.
In 1976, 81 percent of Americans said they believe in a conspiracy theory, despite the Warren Commission investigation that ruled that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone.
The belief in the conspiracy theory remained high for many subsequent polls, Gallup said.
In the most recent poll, Americans said they think the Mafia, federal government, CIA and/or Fidel Castro could have been involved.
Thirty percent of respondents said Oswald acted alone.
The survey queried 1,039 adults by phone Nov. 7-10. The margin of error was 5 percentage points.
Story highlights Slain agent's family filed a $25 million wrongful death claim
Attorney General Eric Holder says consequences for the operation are near
Republican Rep. Darrell Issa is demanding documents from the Justice Department
Issa has threatened Holder with contempt if a deadline for the documents is not met
Firings and charges against Justice Department officials who oversaw the agency's flawed gun-running operation are likely to come in the next six months, Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday.
Holder was speaking before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on the controversial sting operation called Operation Fast and Furious.
Asked what steps he had taken since the controversy came to light 13 months ago, Holder said he is awaiting the conclusions of an internal investigation.
Regarding people found culpable in that inquiry, he said, "I can assure you those people will be removed from federal service."
JUST WATCHED Lawmaker blames NRA for 'Furious' scandal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Lawmaker blames NRA for 'Furious' scandal 03:27
JUST WATCHED Eric Holder grilled on gun program Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Eric Holder grilled on gun program 01:59
JUST WATCHED Issa opens investigation of D.E.A Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Issa opens investigation of D.E.A 04:23
Any possible charges will not be filed until the department has the evidence to get a conviction, he said at the hearing.
The operation, designed to monitor the flow of weapons, allowed illegally purchased firearms to be taken from U.S. gun stores across the Mexican border to drug cartels.
However, hundreds of weapons were lost or unaccounted for, and a storm of outrage erupted when two of the missing weapons were found at a site where Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was killed in December 2010.
Terry's family filed a $25 million wrongful death claim Wednesday against the federal government, charging that U.S. investigators allowed murder weapons into the hands of criminals.
"The murder of Agent Terry and other acts of violent crimes were the natural consequence of (the) decision to let dangerous weapons designed to kill human beings 'walk' into the hands of violent drug-trafficking gangs," the claim said.
Democrats and Republicans have been at odds over who knew what about the operation and when.
At the outset of the hearing, new information on the operation was scarce, and the back-and-forth between members of the two parties dominated.
Rep. Darrell Issa, R-California, threatened to begin a contempt proceeding against Holder to force him to release more documents and pressed him for proof that such gun-running will not happen again.
Republicans are investigating how high up the operation was sanctioned, while Democrats defended Holder's testimony that he did not know about it.
The showdown comes after Issa and the Justice Department exchanged sharp letters in recent days.
The Justice Department sent a pointed letter to Issa late Wednesday, rejecting his demand on Tuesday that certain documents be turned over by next week.
In his letter to Holder, Issa blasted the Justice Department for dumping -- after the close of business Friday -- important, long-sought documents that disclosed that Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer had discussed with Mexican officials a plan to allow illegal guns "to walk" into Mexico, where Mexican officials would arrest the gun-runners.
Issa said an e-mail showed that "Breuer suggested allowing straw purchasers cross in Mexico so (Mexican authorities) can arrest, prosecute and convict."
"These new documents show that Breuer made this statement on February 4, 2011, the same day Assistant Attorney General Ronald Weich wrote to Congress denying that the department allowed guns to walk," Issa said.
The Justice Department fired back Wednesday, claiming that Issa's letter showed "significant misunderstanding both of the documents we recently produced and of the Department's position on the issues you raise."
The five-page letter signed by Deputy Attorney General James Cole strongly rejected the claim that the documents show that Breuer supported letting illegal guns make their way to Mexican cartels.
"Assistant Attorney General Breuer proposed to his Mexican counterparts a scenario in which those carrying illegal weapons across the border would be arrested at the border by Mexican officials and charged in Mexico. While these officials ultimately did not pursue that strategy, it is neither fair nor accurate to say that this was advocacy of 'gunwalking'. It was not."
Republicans have pressed to learn whether top Obama administration officials were aware of the controversial tactics, but to date, Breuer is the highest-ranking official shown to have any awareness of any possible gun-running operation.
Democrats have released documents suggesting that the U.S. attorney's office in Phoenix and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives field office in Phoenix were at the heart of the decision-making in developing sting operations, including Operation Fast and Furious.
Issa said in his letter to Holder that, "if the department continues to obstruct the congressional inquiry by not providing documents and information, this committee will have no alternative but to move forward with proceedings to hold you in contempt of Congress."
The Justice Department response Wednesday rejected Issa's February 9 deadline to produce all demanded documents. Cole called the deadline "impossible" to meet because of the broad scope of the request.
He did not directly refer to the threat of a contempt charge by Issa.
Ruxcon Hacker Wanqiao Zhang of Chinese security house Qihoo 360 has blown holes in 4G LTE networks by detailing how to intercept and make calls, send text messages and even force phones offline.
The still-live vulnerabilities were documented and discussed at the Ruxcon hacking confab in Melbourne, Australia, this weekend, including a demonstration of recording a call on a live network. To do this, an attacker must exploit fall-back mechanisms designed to ensure continuity of phone services in the event of overloads.
The team tested their work against Frequency Division Duplexing (FDD) LTE networks, which are more popular than Time Division Duplexing (TDD) LTE and are used in Britain, the US, and Australia. The competing TDD-LTE design is more common in Asian countries and in regions where population densities are higher.
Zhang conducted further tests after The Register inquired whether the attacks would work against TDD-LTE and found all LTE networks and devices are affected.
"I asked my colleagues to test TDD-LTE yesterday and it works well, so it really can work against all LTE devices," Zhang said. "This attack exists [and] it's still reasonable."
To exploit the LTE network, an attacker exchanges a series of messages between malicious base stations and targeted phones. This results in miscreants gaining a man-in-the-middle position from where they can listen to calls or read SMS, or force phones back to 2G GSM mode where any voice and basic data services can be intercepted.
From the presentation ... An LTE attack flow
Zhang said the attacks are possible because LTE networks allow users to be handed over to underused base stations to ensure connectivity during big emergencies such as natural disasters.
“You can create a denial of service attack against cellphones by forcing phones into fake networks with no services,” Zhang told the conference.
“You can make malicious calls and SMS and … eavesdrop on all voice and data traffic.”
The 3GPP telco body that oversees LTE standards has known about the security shortcomings since at least 2006 when it issued a document describing Zhang's forced handover attack, and accepts it as a risk. The 3GPP's SA WG3 working group which handles security of LTE and other networks proposed in a May meeting that it would refuse-one-way authentication and drop encryption downgrade requests from base stations.
Three of the fail-over emergency features can be abused for specific attacks, Zhang says; global roaming features allow IMSI capture, battery energy saving for denial of service, and load balancing for redirection.
Zhang uses Ravishankar Borgaonkar, and Altaf Shaik's IMSI catcher with a femtocell to pull off the over-the-air meddling. A series of radio resource control protocol messages using the international mobile subscriber identity (IMSI) numbers captured in the IMSI catcher can be used to trigger a denial of service, place calls and send texts, or intercept communications.
Zhang modified code from the alpha-grade open-source Open LTE project to track network availability updates in the area, which is critical to successfully pulling off the attacks.
She says phone manufacturers should ignore base station redirection commands and instead use automatic searchers to find the best available. This would prevent attackers from forcing LTE devices to connect to malicious stations.
A warning message about security risks could suffice as a cheaper and less effective fix. ®
While Republican National Convention speakers continued to largely attack Hillary Clinton (some even more than promoting Trump), her social team was hard at work with some serious snark.
On Tuesday night, Paul Ryan, Chris Christie and other speakers attacked Clinton for her diplomatic experience, her private email server and most everything else. Her Twitter account, in response, fact checked, pulled out arguments and turned up the sassiness during the GOP's big event.
When Senator Mitch McConnell warned the convention of all the harm a Clinton presidency could do, she tweeted his quote about their friendly relationship.
Senator McConnell can be very complimentary—when you're not on the ballot. #RNCinCLE pic.twitter.com/RA9bCeaDht — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 20, 2016
When Speaker of the House Paul Ryan boasted about the inclusivity of the Republican party, Clinton fired back with her view of its limiting platform.
When New Jersey Governor Chris Christie put her on a mock trial, inviting the GOP attendees to judge her innocent or guilty, Clinton's Twitter called into question his own record.
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you. https://t.co/c1nkZojJFL #RNCinCLE — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 20, 2016
When West Virginia Senator Shelley Moore Capito said that Clinton was in no way capable of serving as president, her social team responded with a quote from Capito herself.
And when Ben Carson questioned Hillary Clinton's possible allegiance to a mentor that worshipped Lucifer, Clinton merely responded with a quote from the brain surgeon about her ability to lead.
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line. #RNCinCLE pic.twitter.com/LX3y5Iq7p7 — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 20, 2016
We're sure the next two nights of the GOP convention will keep Clinton's social team mighty busy.
Is your wasabi really coloured horseradish?
Are you paying wasabi prices for coloured horseradish?
Most “wasabi” found in your local retailers is just coloured Horseradish (Armoracia rusticana, syn. Cochlearia armoracia) sometimes mixed with mustard. I have even seen “really hot wasabi” advertised that actually contains chilli powder.
So what, you ask!
Well, basically you are being ripped off!
The real question should be – Why do the suppliers do this?
The answer is really simple. To maximise their profits by duping the consumers.
In Japan, the original home of Wasabi – the manufacturer is allowed to call their mix of whatever “Wasabi” so long as it contains at least 5% of Wasabia japonica. The part that is normally used is the leaf which does not contain much potency or flavour.
The rest of the world has now followed this practice, except in most countries outside Japan there doesn't even need to be any Wasabi in the product at all.
What are you eating now?
If the label does not say 100% Pure Wasabia japonica then you can be sure that you are eating the following ingredients (even if they are not on the label).
– European Horseradish – Armoracia rusticana syn. Cochlearia armoracia. Sometimes grown in Japan (mostly China), but processed in Japan, thereby allowing the manufacturer to use the phrase “Japanese Horseradish”. Sneeky, eh!
– FDA Colours – Yellow #5 & Blue #1
– Mustard powder
– Tumeric powder
– Chilli powder (sometimes).
If you want a copy of The Wasabi List which shows which common”Wasabi” products are Genuine and which are Fake. Get free download here.
Why does it matter?
1 – European horseradish does not have all the chemical ingredients in it that wasabi have that have been shown to be beneficial to the human body. For example 100% Pure Wasabia japonica has been found to kill cancer cells, reduce thrombosis, and even kill the bacteria (Helicobacter pylori) that has been found to cause peptic ulcers and stomach (gastric) cancer.
2 – FDA Yellow #5 – Tartrazine is a coal-tar derivative that is used to colour foods, cosmetics, and other products. It is literally industrial waste. Tartrazine is also reputed to be a catalyst in hyperactivity/ADD, other behavioral problems, asthma, migranes, thyroid cancer, and lupus ! It is alleged to cause allergies, thyroid tumors, lymphocytic lymphomas, chromosomal damage, and is banned in Norway. Yellow 5 has been shown to cause cancer not only when ingested, but also when applied to the skin. Some artificial coal tar colors contain heavy metal impurities, including arsenic and lead, which are carcinogenic.
So why would you want to eat anything containing this ingredient?
3 – FDA Blue #1 – Another coal-tar derivative that is used to color foods, cosmetics, and other products. More industrial waste. Same problems as Yellow #5 with the added complication of causing chromosomal damage. It is banned in France and Finland.
So why would you eat something that shortens your life?
4 – Other ingredients, such as Turmeric, Mustard and chilli powders.
We have no idea what preservatives or other chemicals have been added to these fillers.
So why take a chance on your health?
100% Namida®Pure Wasabia japonica Powder contains:-
No additives!
No colouring!
No flavouring!
No fillers!
Why wouldn't you want the best?
If the package you bought your wasabi in does not say 100% Pure Wasabia japonica powder, then you can be sure that it will do you more harm than good.
Surely, when you buy a food you don't expect it to do you more harm than good – but then again that seems to be the norm these days.
Make sure that when you buy your next package of Wasabi, that it is the real thing by ensuring that it says 100% Pure Wasabia japonica. You will be doing your body a favour.
I originally published this article in 2006, but it is as relevant today as it was then. There are more wasabi products available now, but they are “faux” wasabi. Nothing changes. 🙁
Have a look at www.wasabireviews.com to see how your package of wasabi measures up.
Newsflash
The EU have started removing from supermarket shelves those items which claim to contain Wasabi and do not. At long last the authorities are taking our complaints seriously about false advertising, and the fraud being made on the consumer.
Namida Wasabia japonica has passed the EU testing regime and meets all the requirements of the EU labeling requirements. Buy Namida 100% Wasabia japonica powder with confidence.
Buy it here!
Newsflash 2
Now Namida 100% Wasabia japonica powder has received Non-GMO certification in addition to meeting all DNA testing criteria to ensure it is exactly what the label states.
Buy it here!
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Finally! Top Chef Texas and James Beard Award winner Paul Qui announced today that his much-anticipated East Austin restaurant, qui, will open its doors on June 20. Qui, who was the Chef de Cuisine at Uchi and the Executive Chef at Uchiko, has been on the verge of opening his first full-scale restaurant for months, but kept getting delayed by one thing or another. Among the hold-ups were a series of culinary expeditions he took over the past eight months to Europe and Asia, from which he appears to have returned with a lot of ideas.
According to a press release, opening dishes include Salmon Butter (Ora King salmon poached in oil with a texture that resembles spreadable butter); Rabbit 7 Ways (rabbit prepared using French, Thai, and Vietnamese stylistic touches, served with greens and carrot nuoc mam dipping sauce); and Street Urchin (grilled Mexican street corn topped with sea urchin bottarga). Desserts will include a Cheddar Cheese Ice Cream Sandwich (with crispy waffles, honey, and Cabot cheddar); Mais con Yelo (milk ice, corn milk, and chocolate leche flan); and Kakigori (a Japanese-inspired coconut snow cone with a rum and cinnamon custard and caramelized peanuts).
Like East Side King, qui has managed to draw together an impressive roster of talented, eccentric, and creative folks (watch a video of the process here). June Rodil, formerly of Congress and Uchi, is the general manager and manager of wine, and Tim Dornon, who was the Chef de Cuisine at Uchiko, came over as Chef Consultant. Local architects Eric Barth and Ryan Burke of A Parallel Architecture designed the space, which features a main dining room, a small tasting room located in Qui's office/library, and an open kitchen. A local potter made the plates and bowls, and Japanese artist Peelander Yellow (who painted the East Side King food trailers, also a Qui project) painted the interior of the restaurant.
Editor-in-chief Jake Silverstein was at the restaurant yesterday for a feature on Qui in the forthcoming issue of the magazine, and came back with these photos of the new space.
Qui is located at 1600 E. Sixth Street. Dinner Monday through Saturday. Information available at www.quiaustin.com.
Helping the Homeless Doesn't Mean Anything Goes on San Francisco's Streets
Scott Wiener Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 27, 2015
Homelessness and street behavior are eternal issues in San Francisco, on par with Muni's ups and downs and the perpetual and real anxiety around housing costs. I use the terms “homeless” and “street behavior” separately because, while there's overlap, they aren't the same thing. We see plenty of awful street behavior by people who aren't homeless, and there are many homeless people we never, ever see on our streets, who don't cause problems for anyone, and who would never engage in the anti-social street behavior so common in our city. It's important not to broad-brush or stereotype homeless people and to instead focus on providing people with the support they need to succeed while at the same time having zero tolerance for awful behavior by some people — whether or not they are homeless — on our streets.
San Francisco struggles mightily to deal with what we see on our streets, and residents' frustration level, always high, is currently extremely high and justifiably so. On the one hand, we all know, intuitively, that the situation isn't ok. It's not ok to set up a campsite on a public sidewalk. It's not ok to strew huge amounts of stuff around public space. It's not ok to piss and crap on sidewalks, in plazas, on people's homes, and in other spaces that people use. It's not ok to shoot up in public, to get so drunk that you pass out in the middle of a neighborhood on a daily or weekly basis, or to harass people (whether that harassment is due to being high, mentally ill, or simply a jerk). And, it's not ok that our Fire Department spends such an inordinate amount of time and resources responding to medical calls for people who are falling apart daily on our streets.
(A street encampment in San Francisco)
On the other hand, we are a liberal, compassionate city, which is what many of us love so much about San Francisco. We want to help people, and we don't want to see ourselves or be perceived as “mean.” Some local homeless advocates — particularly the highly ideological Coalition on Homelessness, which opposes any and all efforts to address what's going on beyond advocating for more funding — take advantage of, and manipulate, San Franciscans' compassion by shaming any of us who take issue with our city's unhealthy street situation, whether a columnist noting the city's frequent urine stench or the Mayor's announcement that street encampments can't remain during the Super Bowl. For example, despite my strong support for investment in homeless services, fringe homeless advocates have repeatedly protested my home, due to my support for standards of civil street behavior.
These self-appointed advocates self-righteously announce that anyone who advocates that you can't just set up a campsite on a sidewalk or shoot up or defecate where you want is some sort of right-wing Republican.
Unfortunately, this shaming often works in our charged San Francisco political environment, and it prevents us from taking the decisive steps we need to meaningfully address the horrible scenes that play out in so many San Francisco neighborhoods every day.
San Francisco's homelessness problem doesn't suffer for lack of resources. San Francisco spends $230 million a year on homeless services, ranging from housing and shelter to emergency services to health services and other support. We need to deploy these resources efficiently and focus on a few areas where we need more help — more supportive housing units, more shelter beds, more navigation centers (which allow the city to move entire encampments off the streets), and significantly more mental health infrastructure to get people off the streets and keep them off the streets.
(San Francisco's innovative navigation center at 16th and Mission Streets, which is designed to get entire encampments off the streets and into services)
But, let's be very clear: No matter how much money we spend to meet the needs of homeless people — no matter how many shelter beds, mental health services, supportive housing units, public restrooms, and sobering centers we pay for — the situation on our streets will never change unless these investments are coupled with establishment and enforcement of consistent standards of streets behavior. All too often, enforcement is sporadic — enforcement on day one in X location, enforcement on day two in Y location, followed by no enforcement for a while, then a reinitiation of the cycle. Moreover, much of the enforcement is complaint-driven, dependent on residents calling for help, rather than proactive. The result is not much enforcement and a problem that simply moves around.
The result is highly sporadic, and thus ineffective, enforcement. Our street behavior problem thus persists, festers, and gets worse. Our $230 million a year needs to be coupled with a clear message: these behaviors will never be tolerated in any location in San Francisco at any time.
We already have a number of these laws, for example, prohibitions on camping on or blocking sidewalks, prohibitions on urinating or defecating in public, and a prohibition on aggressive panhandling, but these laws aren't consistently enforced.
That's not a criticism of the police, or, rather, the police only bear a portion of my criticism. Our police department is a reflection of our city. San Franciscans train our police how to act. For the police, the upside of consistently enforcing street behavior rules is small. Police spend inordinate time getting people to break down encampments, to stop shooting up on sidewalks, or otherwise comply. They may need to spend significant time with someone at the hospital if the person is sick, says he is sick, or is under the influence. If they issue a citation, the chances of anything happening with that citation in our dysfunctional San Francisco criminal justice system is tiny. And, in the current political environment, where every action by the police is under the microscope, the disincentives for enforcement grow.
So, San Francisco, you want our street situation to change? Then, continue to support progressive and forward-looking investments in shelter, supportive housing, navigation centers, and mental health and addiction services. Continue to support the absolutely amazing social service nonprofits that actually get people off our streets, into the services they need, and on track.
Yet, please know that these investments will never be enough, by themselves, to move the dial around horrible street behavior. These investments and support must be coupled with having and enforcing clear standards of civil street behavior. We can't have it both ways — making it difficult or impossible, due to politics, to establish and enforce these standards while demanding that police or politicians magically make the problem go away.
For once I do not need to add a caveat about changes being inside the margin of error and not necessarily being significant – today's YouGov poll for the Sun shows a huge surge for the Liberal Democrats on the back of Nick Clegg's debate performance, putting the Lib Dems ahead of Labour and into second place. The topline figures are CON 33%(-4), LAB 28%(-3), LDEM 30%(+8). The surge in Lib Dem support therefore seems to have come pretty evenly at the expence of the Conservatives and Labour. This is the highest level of support YouGov have recorded for the Liberal Democrats since the aftermath of the Brent East by-election victory, way back in 2003.
On a uniform swing these figures would leave Labour the largest party, despite being in third place. The Lib Dems would have around about 100 seats. In reality though, it's almost impossible to say how this would translate into an election result. In 1983 when the SDP Liberal Alliance almost pushed Labour into third place UNS was actually a pretty good predictor of the result, but who knows how it would work in practice now. If the Lib Dems stay at this sort of figure I'm sure we'll eventually see some more detailled polling to see how the electoral plates are shifting, but till then it is speculation.
The questions now are firstly whether other polls show the same thing? Secondly how long this boost lasts. Is it mostly a publicity boost that will rapidly disappear, or will it stick around? Boosts after things like the Brent East by-election didn't last long, but in this case the Lib Dems will probably enjoy a further publicity boost from the very fact there are polls showing them in second place, and on top of that there are two more debates to go. Thirdly, how does this change the narrative – can the Lib Dems start painting themselves as a contender to actually win?
After enduring a punishing recession that led to thousands of layoffs, most Calgarians are willing to see the city spend some money to try to make some more — and create new jobs.
In a new Mainstreet Research poll for Postmedia, 62 per cent of Calgarians favour the city using tax dollars to pursue the second corporate headquarters of online retailing behemoth Amazon, and they have some support from the front-runners pursuing the mayor's chair.
The e-commerce giant made headlines last month declaring it's looking to spend $5 billion and create up to 50,000 jobs for its new “HQ2.”
Amazon wants interested cities to send in their bids by Oct. 19.
The announcement has sparked intense activity across the United States and Canada from hopeful cities — including Calgary, Edmonton, Toronto and Vancouver — that are preparing applications.
Aside from meeting a series of technical criteria, Amazon wants prospective communities to detail what kind of incentives and tax breaks they are prepared to provide.
Most Calgarians favour spending money on the bid, while 22 per cent prefer the city focus on companies that employ the existing labour force. The remainder were unsure, according to the automated phone poll of 1,000 Calgarians, conducted Sept. 28.
The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
In the past month, the province has set up its own advisory panel to consider the Amazon bid process and the tricky matter of offering sweeteners to help Edmonton or Calgary with their applications.
The issue has also crept into the civic election race, with the top three contenders for mayor — Andre Chabot, Naheed Nenshi and Bill Smith — prepared to consider some kinds of enticements.
Just how much they're prepared to offer, and in what form, remains up for debate.
Smith said if he wins the Oct. 16 election, which comes just three days before the bidding deadline arrives, he'd consider supporting the city offering incentives to nab Amazon.
But Smith wants to see a cost-benefit analysis first that shows subsidies make sense.
“I would be interested in it, to the extent that I could understand what our rate of return would be on the investment,” he said in an interview.
“I've heard there's been other cities around North America – mainly in the U.S. – where they find they offer these investments to get these big companies to relocate there and at the end of the day, it doesn't make sense…
“I'm not averse to it, but I'd sure have to know what the details are.”
Incentives are commonly provided in the U.S. to attract businesses to set up shop. For example, Wisconsin agreed to provide a lucrative US$3-billion incentive package to Foxconn this year to attract up to 13,000 positions.
Nenshi, the incumbent who is also on Calgary Economic Development's executive advisory committee that's helping with the local Amazon bid, said he was initially skeptical the retailing company was holding a “beauty contest” to extract concessions from the city it already wanted to choose.
But after studying the process, Nenshi believes this is an opportunity for Calgary to “fish for the big fish, and this is the biggest whale there is” in the economic development game.
“We're not going to give everything away. In fact, the ability of the city to provide incentives is very limited, unlike in the U.S. where the cities have a lot of taxing abilities and authorities,” he told the Calgary Herald and Calgary Sun editorial board last week.
“All we basically can do is give them a deal on land, which we do often for different kinds of companies. We can do that.”
Nenshi noted both the federal and provincial governments have more ability to provide enticements.
Last year, Alberta agreed to provide $500 million in royalty tax credits to two new petrochemical facilities, while the federal government has given subsidies to Montreal-based Bombardier.
Ottawa must ensure the Amazon package it provides is equitable to all cities, he added.
Chabot, outgoing councillor for Ward 10, agreed Canadian cities have limited ability to provide subsidies to private companies, usually to help offset the municipal portion of property taxes.
Calgary could ease the approval process for the company to make it less time consuming and perhaps less costly to navigate city hall, he said.
Amazon has indicated it will initially be looking for at least 500,000 square feet of office space for its new headquarters, but that could grow to eight million square feet after 2027.
If Amazon is looking to construct new buildings as part of a corporate campus, council could offer some kind of tax increment financing measure to offset civic taxes, he said.
But if the company simply occupied existing office space, that wouldn't necessarily boost municipal revenues, and Chabot isn't prepared to write off property taxes to win HQ2.
“I couldn't, there's no way we could go that far. You start thinking about that. That would be a slap in the face of every other Calgarian in the city and every small business that is struggling right now, to forgo any property tax from that organization,” he said.
“If they added tax revenue to the city by building a new building, then that's a completely different conversation.”
Chris Varcoe is a Calgary Herald columnist.
cvarcoe@calgaryherald.com
One of the great unanswered question of our age is why Western rulers are obsessed with importing tens of millions of unassimilable foreigners into their lands. In the US, the conventional wisdom among immigration patriots is that one side of the political class wants cheap votes, while the other side wants cheap labor. In Europe, the theories range from female hysteria to poorly conceived economics. The one common thread is that across the West, the ruling elites appear to be trying to crash their cultures.
The trouble with these reductionist theories is they don't make much sense at the individual level, so they can't very well scale up. For example, the cheap labor argument does not hold up very well when you examine it. Helot labor is great for the business owner, just as long as he is the only guy doing it. When every landscaper is using Aztec workers, there's little benefit to the landscaping companies. That's not to say there is no benefit, but does it warrant the suicidal drive to import Mexico into the US?
In Europe, the cheap labor argument makes less sense. Depending upon who is counting, between 80% and 90% of migrants are on public assistance. Even if these migrants wanted to work, there is little demand for low-IQ unskilled workers. Even if there was some demand, the labor laws in Europe would make it impossible to hire them. One of the vexing problems the Euros have are restricted labor markets, that prevent the sort of labor mobility we have in the US. There's just little demand for cheap foreign labor.
The cheap voter argument is a better one, but even so, the returns are spotty. In the US, Latin voters have been unreliable. They have very low turnout numbers, relative to other groups. Unlike blacks, they are not easily agitated into rushing out to stage big protests or shoot white people. There's also the fact that they tend to cause the white vote to coalesce around white candidates regardless of party. That or it results in white flight, as we see in California. So far, open borders has been a disaster for white Democrats.
A similar result has been seen in Europe. The Brits are the example closest to the US for obvious reasons. Open borders have destroyed the party that advocated for it. On the continent, the anti-Euro movements are entirely driven by the immigration waves triggered by Merkel. Even docile countries run by cat ladies and cucks are starting to see the rise of nationalism and anti-immigrant parties. Exactly no where is immigration helping the political class. Yet, the ruling class is universally in favor of open borders.
The fact is, there are no good political or economic arguments in favor of mass immigration. In some places, the arguments have some plausibility, but even the best nuts and bolts arguments in favor of elevated immigration levels don't justify the high political and cultural costs. Yet, our political classes have an unshakable loyalty to foreign migrants. In every Western nation, the smart political play is to oppose high immigration levels. In many countries, banning all immigration is overwhelmingly popular.
There must be something else at work, beyond money and power. Even if we extend the bounds of the ruling class beyond the elected class and their attendants, there's no upside for the elites. Why is Mark Zuckerberg berserk for high immigration? He's even in favor of importing Muslims. The same is true for Hollywood people. They get nothing from open borders, other than fewer job opportunities. Ditto the mass media. About the only thing the self-actualizing classes get from open borders is domestic labor.
That may be the key to it. I've pointed out before that the self-actualizing class may prefer Spanish landscapers, as it avoids them having to see blacks raking leaves, while singing old fashioned negro work songs. It also avoids seeing downscale whites, who remind them of the tenuousness of their position. Asian and Caribbean domestics not only avoid those problems, but everyone can pretend they make better workers in those roles. The Korean nanny is like a tiger mom for hire. It makes the deception more palatable.
The underlying cause here may be narcissistic altruism. It is generally assumed that altruism is selfless, while narcissism is selfish. That may not be the correct framing, as lots of people do charity work because it makes them feel good. Similarly, lots of self-absorbed people commit public acts of piety because it makes them look good and elevates their status. The guy funding the museum and demanding his name be over the front door is not acting from pure selflessness. He wants glory too.
It has always been known that men often become more religious as they grow older, often returning to the religion of their youth in a serious way. The pattern is not as obvious with women as they much more likely to stay in their church as young adults. Young mothers will often get involved with their church for family services and socializing with other mothers. Men, on the other hand, often have a religious awakening in their middle years and not only return to their religion, but do so with vigor.
George Vaillant was a researcher at Harvard and did a 50 year study on men, tracking them from their teens to old age. One of the areas he studied was altruism and he found that as the men aged, their altruism increased significantly. This was not simply due to selflessness. Helping others becomes increasing rewarding as we age. Neuroimaging has revealed that helping others brings pleasure to the person providing the help. Altruism activates brain centers that are associated with selfish pleasures like sex.
Organized religion, obviously, provides a ready made structure into which this selfish desire to help others can flow. Not only does organize religion have structured charity, it comes with a spiritually rewarding purpose and generations of others who have followed the same path. The female desire to provide charity is funneled into activities that support the community the church serves. The late onset male altruism follows on providing money and intellectual capital to society-strengthening altruism.
Again, this is not pure selflessness. When you volunteer at your church, you feel good about it, because the pleasure centers of your brain are stimulated. It could simply be that as we age, the vanity of youth is no longer effective. To get the same pleasure from life, that desire for selfish pleasure (sex, wealth, status), is redirected into other areas like church participation and charitable giving. Doing good makes the person feel good for having voluntarily done a good work on behalf of their fellows.
The collapse of organized religion, particularly among the Cloud People, is leaving them with no structured outlet for this normal human impulse. The reason a Lyndsay Graham cares more about Dreamers, than his fellow South Carolinians is he feels like he is helping those who need help. It's why John McCain spent the last three decades chanting about “causes greater than yourself.” Without a structure into which his narcissistic altruism could flow, he searched around for causes and purposes, most of which were destructive.
Details were reported by the New York Times on Saturday. The document itself, dated February 2013, is an NSA document produced by SUSLOC, the acronym for the N.S.A. office that handles liaisons with Australian intelligence. The Australian spy agency, then known as the the Defense Signals Directorate (DSD) but now known as the Australian Signals Directorate (ASD), had asked for NSA advice because of attorney/client privilege. The document states that the NSA OGC (general counsel) "provided clear guidance and DSD has been able to continue to cover the talks, providing highly useful intelligence for interested US customers."
This raises numerous questions. Legally, Indonesia is a valid target for the NSA because of the Bali bombing in 2002 and because it is home to several terrorist groups. Breach of attorney/client privilege is less clear. Last year the Supreme Court rebuffed (in a 5 to 4 decision) a challenge against warrantless wiretapping partly brought by lawyers who are increasingly worried about the difficulties in ensuring confidentiality in communication with clients.
"The lawyers contended that the law raised risks that required them to take costly measures, like traveling overseas to meet clients, to protect sensitive communications," notes NYT. "But the Supreme Court dismissed their fears as 'speculative.'" Those fears are clearly no longer 'speculative.'
A second concern is over the NSA's and the US administration's repeated assertions that it does not engage in economic espionage; or more specifically, if that happens, information is not passed to US companies for their economic advantage. Although this has been repeatedly challenged by the revelations of other Snowden documents, the phrase, "providing highly useful intelligence for interested US customers" adds additional doubt. It is unlikely that the NSA would describe itself as 'an interested customer;' clearly implying that the information would be useful to companies engaged in or concerned about the Indonesian/US trade discussions.
NYT quotes a response from NSA spokeswoman Vanee Vines. "A key part of the protections that apply to both U.S. persons and citizens of other countries is the mandate that information be in support of a valid foreign-intelligence requirement, and comply with U.S. attorney general-approved procedures to protect privacy rights.” It is difficult to see, however, how a trade dispute involving a US law firm is a valid 'foreign intelligence requirement.'
These revelations come at the same time as US Secretary of State John Kerry is in Indonesia for meetings with Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa. An Indonesian spokesman played down concern over the NSA's involvement, telling the Sydney Morning Herald "he was not concerned because the Indonesian government does not discuss secret information by phone."
He did, however, take a swipe at Australian prime minister Tony Abbott. Last year it was disclosed that Australia had tapped the the phones of Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his inner circle. ''Prime Minister Tony Abbott could apologise to President SBY the way Barack Obama did to Angela Merkel. We have asked for clarification over what Australia tapped but we haven't got a response so far,'' he said.
Much has been made about the ease of capturing a profit by buying a house, rehabbing it and then selling it for a profit, especially during housing market crisis when homes can be bought at slashed prices. Now new rules are targeting the appraisal requirements for such homes and experts say it's going to make it a lot tougher to sell flipped homes. Specifically, a change to the implementation of the Truth in Lending Act will require banks to get a second appraisal for homes that are resold quickly or purchased at certain price point above the last purchase price, and will require a more in-depth look at market conditions and the difference in sale prices. If the sale is deemed too high-risk the loan application will more likely be declined. For more on this continue reading the following article from TheStreet.
Home flippers beware: Federal bank regulators are getting tough on appraisal requirements for properties that are quickly resold.
As required under the Dodd-Frank banking reform legislation, federal regulators — including the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the National Credit Union Administration, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau — proposed a strict set of appraisal requirements for "higher-risk" mortgages.
The "higher-risk mortgages" subject to the new appraisal rules are loans with rates that are:
1.5 or more percentage points higher than "the average prime offer rate (APOR) for a comparable transaction as of the date the interest rate is set," for a first-lien loans with balances not exceeding 80% of the home's value, for a one-to-four family dwelling, with some exceptions.
2.5 or more percentage points higher than the APOR for a first-lien loans with balances exceeding 80% of the home's value.
3.5 or more percentage points higher than the APOR for a second-lien mortgage loan, or for a reverse mortgage.
The new rules exclude "qualified mortgages," which are mortgage loans that conform to the rules of Fannie Mae (FNMA) and Freddie Mac (FMCC), allowing the lenders to quickly sell new loans to one of the government-sponsored mortgage giants.
The changes to Regulation Z — which implements the Truth In Lending Act — require lenders who accept applications for higher-risk mortgages to require a "a written appraisal performed by a certified or licensed appraiser who conducts a physical property visit of the interior of the property." During the real estate bubble, many lenders relied on market value estimates when extending mortgage credit, rather than an actual appraisal.
The lender will also be required to obtain a second written appraisal, "at no cost to the borrower," if the new loan "will finance the acquisition of the consumer's principal dwelling," or if the loan will "finance the purchase or acquisition of the mortgaged property from a seller within 180 days of the purchase or acquisition of such property by the seller at a price that was lower than the current sale price of the property."
So in the case of a quick flip by the seller, the lender must pay for a second full appraisal from a different appraiser, that "must include an analysis of the difference in sale prices, changes in market conditions, and any improvements made to the property between the date of the previous sale and the current sale." Not only does this create significant additional cost for the lender, it puts a serious amount of responsibility on the second appraiser.
The regulators said that the requirement of a second appraisal "is consistent with regulations promulgated by [the Department of Housing and Urban Development] to address property flipping in single-family mortgage insurance programs" of the Federal Housing Administration. Under the FHA's Anti-Flipping Rule, "properties that have been resold within certain recent time periods are ineligible as security for FHA-insured mortgage financing."
The regulators also proposed requiring the second appraisal if "the consumer is acquiring the home for a higher price than the seller paid," which would, of course, cover the requirement for homes being flipped within 180 days of the seller's purchase, however, the regulators took a soft approach on this requirement, saying "comment is requested on whether a threshold price increase would be appropriate."
Required second appraisals must include "an analysis of the difference in sale prices," taking "changes in market conditions, and any improvements made to the property between the date of the previous sale and the current sale," into account.
Public comments will be accepted by the regulators until October 15.
Over the long haul, the requirements on second appraisals for the higher-risk mortgages, could save lenders from themselves. Bank of America (BAC) reported a 41% increase in total mortgage repurchase claims against the company, to $22.7 billion as of June 30 from $16.1 billion the previous quarter. Most of the claims involved loans issued by Countrywide, before that lender was acquired by Bank of America in 2008.
Putback claims from Fannie and Freddie made up 53% of outstanding claims against Bank of America, and repurchase demands from private investors increased to $8.6 billion at the end of the second quarter, from $4.9 billion in March. Bank of America said in an earlier filing that mortgage-backed securities litigation against the company "generally involve allegations of false and misleading statements regarding… the process by which the properties that served as collateral for the mortgage loans underlying the MBS were appraised."
Frank Mayer — a partner in the Financial Services Practice Group of Pepper Hamilton LLP, in the firm's Philadelphia office — says the proposed appraisal rules "would cover all creditors that extend higher-risk mortgage loans, not just the ‘federally related transactions' that are currently covered by the appraisal regs."
Mayer also says because "the proposed rule would include all charges (i.e., additional creditor and 3rd party charges) in the calculation of the finance charge," more loans will probably be brought "within the parameters of the higher-risk definition and, therefore, subject them to the greater regulatory burdens."
"I would expect a good deal of comment on the metric used to cover loans subject to the new burdens."
This article was republished with permission from TheStreet.
UPDATE: See Michael C Hall discussing the Dexter cake live on Jimmy Kemmell below (01:30 onwards)
“It goes beyond what Dexter himself would do”
There are no words to describe how much I loved working on this amazing Dexter Series 8 project, and what an honour to help launch the final ever series of something I am a HUGE fan of. Needless to say Annabel nailed the Dexter cake she was asked to make for the project – her talent astonishes me.
Here's the press release:
Life sized cake replica of Dexter created (and sliced up) to mark the start of the final series, Sunday 7th July at 9pm First on FOX.
To celebrate the final series of Dexter starting on FOX, the entertainment channel has given media a slice of his life – literally! A full sized Dexter cake – created by food artist Annabel de Vetten – was sliced up, wrapped in cling-film and sent to the media along with a funeral order of service for the last ever series of the critically acclaimed show. The end begins on Sunday 7th July at 9pm First on FOX, only days after the US transmission.
Inspired by the name of Dexter's boat – A Slice of Life – the cake was 5ft 10” long, the same height as Michael C. Hall, the actor who has played Dexter for the past eight years. The entire cake took over 100 hours to make and weighed over 105 kilograms. 24 eggs, 25 kilograms of flour, 16 kilograms of buttercream, 18 kilograms of sugar, 20 kilograms of sugar paste and marzipan, and 15 kilograms of buttercream were used in the creation of the edible masterpiece. 20 blood oranges were also used, the cake flavour inspired by the iconic titles of the series.
A Dexter ‘kill room' was created for the cutting of the cake, the kitchen walls covered in plastic sheeting. Replicating Dexter's kill technique, the cake was initially cut by a knife being plunged into the chest area before being sliced up. The cake was also ‘dressed' in clothes to give an authentic appearance, with hours spent on adding fine attention to detail such as stubble.
Miss Cakehead the creative behind the concept comments:
“I have been a massive fan of Dexter for years and to be able to mark the start of the final series in this way has been incredible. The cake is so life like that cutting into it was a deeply unpleasant experience and I did have to close my eyes. Four years ago I realised that Dexter's boat was called A Slice of Life and became determined to create a Dexter cake with one of the Eat Your Heart Out food artists, now I have had that chance. Have to admit though, I wished we could have kept the cake whole as it's always sad destroying such an amazing work of art, although I have no idea where I would have kept him!”
Whilst the slices of Dexter were sent out with an accompanying Funeral Order of Service (you can view it here) for the series, the fate of Dexter has not yet been revealed. Although we know the Dexter cake was cut up, eaten and enjoyed.
Dexter has been a flagship show and fan-favourite on FOX. Full of twists, turns and heart-stopping moments, it all ends here. As the final season begins, Deb is left devastated by her decision to shoot Captain LaGuerta (Lauren Velez) and save Dexter. She has quit Miami Metro and is working for a private eye (Sean Patrick Flannery) while spurning Dexter's attempts to rekindle their relationships.
But Deb's not the only one Dexter should worry about. Homicide's latest recruit is Evelyn Vogel (guest-star Charlotte Rampling), a psychiatrist with a secret: decades ago she helped Dexter's father write the code that he's used to manage his psychotic impulses. Now she's being stalked by a mysterious killer and wants Dexter's help.
Who knows what else we can expect. Only one thing is certain – somebody is going to meet their maker.
Dexter: The Final Season, Sunday 7th July at 9pm First on FOX
***
You can see more images of this incredible Dexter cake – which I think should also be considered a work of art – in this gallery below. Of course you are welcome to use the images as long as Annabel and the A J Pilkington / Manicks Productions are credited. Please DO share 😉
Any press enquiries please contact emma@misscakehead.com / @miss_cakehead
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The press release was sent out with a slice of the cake, a photograph of the part you were eating and a funeral order of service (the latter a great idea from Fox which I loved).
Advertisements
Toronto FC star striker Jermain Defoe will miss Wednesday's Major League Soccer all-star game because of an injury. Defoe sat out Toronto's 2-0 win over the Impact in Montreal on Saturday with a possible sports hernia and was scheduled for medical tests Sunday. The results weren't immediately available.
Toronto FC 's Jermain Defoe, shown in action in June, will miss Wednesday's MLS all-star game. ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE )
“He's been feeling his groin for a few weeks now,” TFC coach Ryan Nelsen said after Saturday's game. “Remember, he's been going for over a year, pushing on . . . being worn down. Hopefully it's nothing too bad, nothing too major.” The MLS all-stars will play Bundesliga champion Bayern Munich, with six members of the World Cup champion German national team. TFC midfielder Michael Bradley, voted in by fans last month, will represent Toronto in soccer-mad Portland, where tickets have been sold out for the showcase for weeks and some are asking $1,500 apiece on the secondary market. Providence Park holds about 20,000.
Article Continued Below
"One of the great stories in Major League Soccer over the last number of years has been the enormous fan passion, civic support and stadium atmosphere in Portland,” MLS commissioner Don Garber said earlier. “We look forward to showcasing this phenomenon to the rest of the world." L.A. Galaxy forward Landon Donovan, who made headlines when he was left off the U.S. World Cup roster, wiil make his record 14th all-star appearance. The hometown Timbers will be represented by Will Johnson and Diego Valeri. Bayern Munich, meanwhile, is looking to expand its U.S. fan base. The team has set up a New York office aimed at marketing the Bundesliga champions, who also took on Chivas Guadalajara last week at Red Bull Arena in New Jersey.
Read more about:
OTTAWA — This week researchers at the University of Ottawa admitted that, despite their best efforts, they were unable to conclusively determine whether an NDP Leadership race was currently taking place.
“It's baffling,” stated lead researcher Robert Vassar, PhD. “Despite numerous registered NDP members insisting there has been a leadership race going on since mid-2016, we have been unable to independently verify these findings.”
“Not even a single Google result,” added Vassar.
Rumours of an NDP leadership race have swirled online for months, with names like “Charlie Angus” and “Peter Julian” offering only cryptic clues. While researchers insist it may be impossible to conclusively disprove the existence of the race, many have increasingly dismissed it is a mere conspiracy theory, like 9/11 being an inside job or the Liberals enacting electoral reform.
However, as stories of the rumoured NDP leadership race have yet to gain traction in academia, those on the fringes of infowars message boards remain convinced the race is in fact very real.
“I've seen the race, with my own two eyes,” insisted NDP leadership expert and noted cryptozoologist Rory Spencer. As sole contributor to the blog “The Truth Is Orange There”, Sencer dutifully compiles unverified reports of NDP Leadership sightings across Canada.
“Here I have a story from a woman in St. John's who swears she attended some kind of secretive arcane Leadership debate. Unfortunately, there were no other witnesses.” Spencer then brought up a blurry image of a tall, bipedal figure loping through the woods. “The people of Scarborough tell tales of meeting ‘Jag Meet Singh' in the local wilderness. This is the clearest photo that exists.”
Spencer was also quick to point to a recent news story as proof of his “NDP Leadership Race” theory. Last week a man was found naked in the woods, babbling about “selfish, incompetent politics”. The man was later identified as Pat Stogran, 59, though no links were discovered to any Leadership activity.
Reached for comment, NDP party president Marit Stiles agreed that a leadership race would be a great idea. “It doesn't ring a bell, but we should definitely do one of those,” enthused Stiles.
Any Canadians who who wish to report tips regarding an NDP Leadership Race are encouraged to contact 1-800-NDP-FIND. No cash reward has been posted.
Kenji Kawano is perhaps best known for his photographs of the Navajo code talkers recruited by the Marines to communicate military orders in their own language in World War II, baffling the Japanese. Around 400 young men, who had never been away from the reservation, served in some of the bloodiest battles in the South Pacific and are credited with helping win the battle of Iwo Jima.
As a Japanese native, and thus a “former enemy,” Mr. Kawano might have seemed an unlikely candidate to tell the code talkers' story. But his background is what helped him bond with the Navajo veterans who had remained silent for so many years. Soon after he had settled into the Navajo Nation in 1974 to work on a project, he was struggling to learn the language.
While he was hitchhiking in 1975, a big camera bag on his shoulder, he was given a ride by Carl N. Gorman, one of the original 29 code talkers. Mr. Gorman invited him to a Navajo Code Talkers Association meeting, and Mr. Kawano began to photograph them at functions and parades. He quickly realized they were the same age as his father, who served in the Japanese Navy during the war and trained as a human torpedo for a potential suicide mission.
“My father said the war ended early so he could come home,” Mr. Kawano recalled. “That's why I was born and I came to America, taking pictures of the former enemy. He came to see me back in the '90s; he met Mr. Gorman, and I have a picture of the two of them. So life is very interesting.”
Photo
Those images are among four decades of work included in a two-part retrospective, “40 Years With the Navajo,” which will be exhibited through Jan. 30, 2016, at the Navajo Nation Museum in Window Rock, Ariz. The second part of the exhibit opens today.
Mr. Kawano had been a graphic designer in Tokyo before moving to Los Angeles to become a professional photographer. An antiques dealer on Hollywood Boulevard told him about the Navajo Nation, the biggest tribe in the United States. Having grown up watching westerns, he was intrigued. He took a bus to Gallup, N.M., and found a place to live with a Navajo family on the reservation. Speaking neither English nor Navajo, he used hand gestures to communicate.
Still, he felt at ease there and thought that the Navajo people, especially the children, looked Japanese. Not at all what he had seen in the movies. Sometimes people asked if he was Navajo.
Mr. Kawano worked part-time jobs as a gas station attendant, a janitor and school photographer at what was then known as the College of Ganado, while learning Navajo phrases, studying English and always taking pictures. He met his wife Ruth, who is Navajo, while she was a student at the university. He started to run into military veterans who had been stationed in Japan. Some sought him out to practice the Japanese they had learned many years before.
After his fateful encounter with Mr. Gorman, Mr. Kawano went on to work as a staff photographer for the Navajo Times, and was made the official photographer for the Navajo Code Talkers Association and, later, an honorary member.
Photo
He undertook a book project of portraits and interviews and spent two years driving across the vast reservation's expanse, often on unmarked, unpaved roads, to visit the veterans at home. He would leave his cameras in the car at first, sensitive to culture and customs. Then he would ask if he could photograph and interview them for the project. For most, it was the first time they had spoken publicly about their wartime experiences and the first time many family members heard what their loved ones had gone through.
“Warriors, Navajo Code Talkers” was published in 1990 with a foreword by Mr. Gorman, who described the book as “a tribute to symbolize the healing of the wounds of war” and thanked “Kenji Kawano, my Japanese-Navajo friend.”
Mr. Kawano credits his wife for her support and his acceptance in the Navajo community. “People say this photographer's wife is Navajo, one of us,” he said. Mrs. Kawano said that her husband's sincerity shines through in his photographs. “I think meeting someone that is so different and being the person that Kenji is, very giving and caring, I think they saw that,” she said. “He was there to listen and no one had ever done that before.”
The Kawanos travel widely, but their home is still in Window Rock, the capital of the Navajo Nation. He has exhibited across the United States and in Japan.
Mr. Kawano continues to work on several projects on the reservation. He is loyal to his favorite film, classic Kodak Tri-X black and white, and is now shooting more with a Hasselblad. He processes each roll, one at a time and prints exquisite silver gelatin fiber prints in his home darkroom.
“In black and white, the tones make it really beautiful,” he said. “I love the beauty of black and white. When people shoot in digital they go by convenience. I think it's important to do what I actually do, what I love. But of course I have a fear of how long I can use film; until then I'd like to keep it always in black and white and print whole negatives.”
But what remains closest to his heart are the code talkers. Some of his most poignant photographs are recent portraits of the aging warriors.
“I met more than one hundred code talkers. When I was taking pictures in the '70s, '80s, people didn't take pictures of the code talkers; they were just people who went to war. For me they are special, they did something special during World War II, and I wanted to document.”
Now many of them are gone. Chester Nez, the last surviving member of the original 29, died last year at age 93.
“It's hard to see them getting old; everybody uses crutches, wheelchair, that's happening,” Mr. Kawano said. “But I always appreciate that they share their experience with me. And every opportunity I have, I go to see them and keep taking pictures – until the last code talker.”
Follow @malmeidaphoto and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook and Instagram.
The Enlightenment Foundation Libraries (EFL) are a GUI toolkit similar to GTK or Qt. They provide a core framework on which you can build a variety of powerful GUI applications. In addition to powering the Enlightenment desktop, the EFLs also provide the core for a number of other applications, as well as Samsung's mobile platform Tizen.
This piece will be the first in a series of tutorials about getting started building GUI applications in Python using the EFLs as your toolkit. This tutorial assumes the reader already has some background in Python. If you are looking for an introduction to Python itself, start here.
I'll start by showing an example and then I will break down the different pieces of the example that are new in this series.
Example 1:
Our first example will be a creation of the traditional first program "Hello World":
The code that powers this example looks like:
import efl.elementary as elm
from efl.elementary.window import StandardWindow
from efl.elementary.label import Label
from efl.evas import EVAS_HINT_EXPAND
EXPAND_BOTH = EVAS_HINT_EXPAND, EVAS_HINT_EXPAND
class MainWindow(StandardWindow):
def __init__(self):
StandardWindow.__init__(self, "ex1", "Hello Elementary", size=(300, 200))
self.callback_delete_request_add(lambda o: elm.exit())
ourLabel = Label(self)
ourLabel.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourLabel.text = "Hello Elementary!"
ourLabel.show()
self.resize_object_add(ourLabel)
if __name__ == "__main__":
elm.init()
GUI = MainWindow()
GUI.show()
elm.run()
elm.shutdown()
Let's start by looking at our imports at the start of our program:
import efl.elementary as elm
from efl.elementary.window import StandardWindow
from efl.elementary.label import Label
Elementary is the primary widget library that is built using the EFLs. We need to import it so we can start/stop the GUIs we create.
The next two lines import the two Elementary objects we will need in our application. One of the reasons Elementary is fast/resource efficient is that it only loads the components of the library you want to use in your application into memory.
Our next pair of lines create what is essentially a set of directions for widgets you will use.
from efl.evas import EVAS_HINT_EXPAND
EXPAND_BOTH = EVAS_HINT_EXPAND, EVAS_HINT_EXPAND
When you assign the “weight” property of a widget to our “EXPAND_BOTH” value that widget will fill the space that is available in your window. We will talk about this in more detail further into our tutorial.
Next, we use Python's inheritance to create a class that will be the main window for our application as a StandardWindow Elementary object:
class MainWindow(StandardWindow):
def __init__(self):
StandardWindow.__init__(self, "ex1", "Hello Elementary", size=(300, 200))
self.callback_delete_request_add(lambda o: elm.exit())
Our third line inherits all of the StandardWindow properties to our MainWindow class. The first argument for StandardWindow is the window name and the second argument is the visible title for the window. We also pass an optional size argument when creating our window that defines the starting width and height dimensions.
The last line in this section tells our window what to do when the close button is pressed. In this case we use it to exit our Elementary main loop, but you could have it do whatever you want.
Next we create our first Elementary object to display in our window:
ourLabel = Label(self)
ourLabel.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourLabel.text = "Hello Elementary!"
ourLabel.show()
The first argument for most Elementary objects is the object that will be its parent. In this case the Label will be added directly to our MainWindow so that is what is passed to it. Next we use the EXPAND_BOTH value we created above to tell our Label to take up all the available space in our window. Without this line the window would be sized exactly the same width/height of the Label object, so it would look like this:
And you would not be able to resize it!
Finally we set the text property to display what we want and we tell the Label to show itself.
The last line of our MainWindow class adds the Label we have created to the window:
self.resize_object_add(ourLabel)
Finally we have the code that runs when our Python application is executed:
if __name__ == "__main__":
elm.init()
GUI = MainWindow()
GUI.show()
elm.run()
elm.shutdown()
Our second line initializes Elementary. You need to call this before you can create any Elementary objects in your application. The third line creates our MainWindow and then the fourth line makes the window visible.
The fifth line starts our Elementary mainloop. This is what keeps your application running until the exit() function is called. Without calling this, the Elementary window you have created will never run.
Finally, the sixth line shuts down Elementary, cleaning up anything it had created in your application.
Example 2:
Our second example today builds on the first by adding a “Goodbye Elementary” button to our window that closes the application when pressed:
The code that powers this example looks like:
import efl.elementary as elm
from efl.elementary.window import StandardWindow
from efl.elementary.label import Label
from efl.elementary.button import Button
from efl.elementary.box import Box
from efl.evas import EVAS_HINT_EXPAND
EXPAND_BOTH = EVAS_HINT_EXPAND, EVAS_HINT_EXPAND
class MainWindow(StandardWindow):
def __init__(self):
StandardWindow.__init__(self, "ex2", "Hello Elementary", size=(300, 200))
self.callback_delete_request_add(lambda o: elm.exit())
ourLabel = Label(self)
ourLabel.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourLabel.text = "Hello Elementary!"
ourLabel.show()
ourButton = Button(self)
ourButton.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourButton.text = "Goodbye Elementary"
ourButton.callback_clicked_add(self.buttonPressed)
ourButton.show()
ourBox = Box(self)
ourBox.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourBox.pack_end(ourLabel)
ourBox.pack_end(ourButton)
ourBox.show()
self.resize_object_add(ourBox)
def buttonPressed(self, btn):
elm.exit()
if __name__ == "__main__":
elm.init()
GUI = MainWindow()
GUI.show()
elm.run()
elm.shutdown()
To avoid redundancy I am only going to review the parts of example two that differ from the first example.
At the top of our file we have two additional imports for extra Elementary objects we want to use:
from efl.elementary.button import Button
from efl.elementary.box import Box
A Button is something with text that is clickable and a Box is an object that helps it create a layout of the widgets in our window.
In our MainWindow we are now creating two additional Elementary objects:
ourButton = Button(self)
ourButton.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourButton.text = "Goodbye Elementary"
ourButton.callback_clicked_add(self.buttonPressed)
ourButton.show()
ourBox = Box(self)
ourBox.size_hint_weight = EXPAND_BOTH
ourBox.pack_end(ourLabel)
ourBox.pack_end(ourButton)
ourBox.show()
self.resize_object_add(ourBox)
The Button creation is almost identical to our Label, with the exception that we are able to add a callback function when the button is pressed. MainWindows buttonPressed method will be called when the user presses the button.
Then we create the Box that we will pack our Elementary objects into. By default objects are packed vertically into a box. So when we call the pack_end function this adds the object we are packing to the bottom of the box.
Finally, because our objects are now contained within our Box, we want to add our Box as the primary object to our MainWindow.
The second difference in our example 2 is the buttonPressed method in our MainWindow:
def buttonPressed(self, btn):
elm.exit()
When you define a callback for an Elementary object the first argument for the called function will be the object that triggered the callback. This is useful in case you have multiple different items triggering the same callback method. You can also pass additional arguments to your callback by adding them to callback_clicked_add.
Wrapping Up:
This piece is by no means intended to be an exhaustive resource, but hopefully you found it useful as a “jumping in” point for working with the Enlightenment Foundation Libraries. Over the course of the next few weeks I will be show-casing a variety of different things you can do with the EFLs.
Resources used in this Lesson:
- Python Elementary Tutorials Index Page
- Hello Elementary source on GitHub
- Python Classes / Inheritance
- Elementary Window Object
- Elementary Label Object
- Elementary Button Object
- Elementary Box Object
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) – For all the talk about cord-cutting — where people leave cable behind in favor of online and subscription video — Comcast has managed to buck the trend.
At a Goldman Sachs investors conference this past week, the cable giant's CEO suggested most customers want more channels, not fewer, and will pay accordingly.
Comcast is “experimenting” with skinny bundles — a smaller programming package with a slimmer bill — but, says boss Brian Roberts…
“I don't know that that's really what people want.”
Who wouldn't want to pay less? Actually, Roberts says, a decent chunk of skinny bundle subscribers:
“We've seen about 30 percent of them upsell and buy to a fuller package after a period of time.”
He gets it — some people wouldn't be Comcast customers at all but for a low-priced option. Still, the Philly company added 53,000 cable bill-payers in the first quarter of 2016 — its biggest increase in about a decade — with most of them on a higher-end package of channels:
“Our focus is to continue to make the bundle more valuable, and keep adding features.”
Last December, Hillary Clinton told the New Hampshire's Concord Monitor that her economic agenda would cost us $1 trillion over the next ten years. Katie added that $1 trillion in tax increases would probably be needed as well. Well, that $1 trillion tax increase figure has mostly stayed the same, but we're also set to lose close to 700,000 jobs and reducing economic growth by 2.6 percent. Ali Meyer at The Washington Free Beacon had more:
Hillary Clinton's tax proposals would increase taxes by $1.4 trillion over the next decade and would reduce the growth of the economy by 2.6 percent, according to an analysis from the Tax Foundation. […] Clinton's proposals would increase taxes by $1.4 trillion over the next decade, most of which would come from individual income tax revenue that would account for about $817 billion. The estate tax increases would raise about $310 billion over the next decade, and increased corporate and payroll taxes would total about $300 billion.
According to the analysis, the Democratic nominee's proposals would reduce the economy's size by 2.6 percent, lower wages by 2.1 percent, and reduce the number of full-time jobs by 697,000.
Yes, stronger together…all the way to the poorhouse.
The Thunder season is still in its infancy, but there has been an alarming lack of Patrick Patterson through the first three games. Expected to log heavy minutes at backup power forward and backup center, Patterson has seemingly been supplanted by Jerami Grant in the rotation thus far. While it's true he missed the preseason and training camp recovering from arthroscopic knee surgery, all signs point to him being healthy right now. This begs the question — where is he at?
His numbers through the first three games:
Knicks: 0 points, 2 rebounds, 0/2 FG, 0/2 3P, 7 minutes
Jazz: 0 points, 2 rebounds, 0/2 FG, 0/1 3P, 12 minutes
T-Wolves: 0 points, 0/2 FG, 0/2 3P, 6 minutes
All in, that's 0 points on 0/6 shooting in 25 minutes of action. Keep in mind — prior to the Thunder landing Carmelo Anthony less than a month before the season started, Patterson was penciled in as the starting power forward on opening night. Even after the trade, people were extremely excited about the prospects of what he could provide from a spacing/small ball standpoint. Surely this odd start hasn't undone what was expected, has it?
While it can't be said for certain what Billy Donovan is thinking, Patterson should still be quickly worked into being a key part of the Thunder rotation. Let's discuss why that is, and why it's still likely in the immediate plans.
The Precedent
Billy Donovan is notorious for his tinkering, and there's a precedent in place for what might be occurring with Patterson. As Fred Katz pointed out on yesterday's Dream Team podcast, taking a look at the rotation in the immediate aftermath of landing Taj Gibson last season shows this is standard Billy D behavior.
Despite landing Gibson in the midst of an awful stretch of play for starting power forward Domantas Sabonis, Taj came off the bench seven times before being inserted into the starting lineup. The Thunder went 3-4 with Gibson as a reserve, but won eight of the next 10 with him in the starting lineup. It was no secret that Gibson was the better player, but Donovan eased him into his role as he got familiar with the system/his teammates.
Patterson has been with the team since early July, but could still be considered a newcomer from an on-court perspective. He missed training camp and preseason after his knee procedure, and the Thunder roster/his role changed dramatically when OKC traded for Carmelo Anthony. The knee injury has certainly contributed to the lack of playing time, but is unlikely to be the only factor. Donovan holding up his standard of easing guys into place seems just as likely.
Shots Will Fall
Patterson spent the 2016-17 season with the Toronto Raptors, and fell more deeply in love with the long ball than ever in his career. An astounding 66 percent of every shot he took came from three-point range, besting his previous high of 59 percent the season before. He shot 37 percent from deep on nearly four attempts per game, which is good enough to keep defenses honest and unpack the paint. That style of play is exactly what Sam Presti signed up for when acquiring Patterson as a free agent.
A quick glance at his 2016-17 shot chart:
As you can see, Patterson made his living beyond the three point line. While the Thunder roster is no longer a desolate place void of shooters, his ability to drift along the perimeter for open shots is something OKC can utilize frequently given the tempo at which the team would like to play. The sample size is limited through three games, but the looks have been there early on. Below are his two shot attempts against Minnesota on Sunday night.
Although it didn't go down, watch Patterson run the 4-on-2 fast break with Paul George, Russell Westbrook, and Jerami Grant. Jeff Teague naturally follows Westbrook, and Jimmy Butler slides over to stop the attacking George/trailing Grant. This leaves Patterson all to his lonesome from the right corner — a spot in which he shot 54 percent last season, according to StatMuse.
It didn't fall, but it's the exact shot envisioned for Patterson when he signed in Oklahoma City. Historically speaking, those should start to drop as he gets the opportunity to shoot more of them. The presence of Westbrook, George and Anthony will keep him open much more frequently than he's accustomed to.
Another good example came with Westbrook creating a great shot for Patterson by simply being Russell Westbrook. As Russ takes the ball to his right, he commands the attention of not only his defender, but also Jerami Grant and Patterson's defender. This allows Patterson to simply pop out to the right wing and take an uncontested shot from distance.
Again — the shot didn't drop, but Patterson looked confident in sliding over and getting his look. The play developed exactly as it was supposed to, and he could have made one more pass to an even more wide open Grant should he have chosen to do so. Everything goes right but the end result.
This would all be much more concerning if Patterson looked lost or out of place, but it's been a matter of limited opportunity and shots not falling. He got two great looks in just six minutes against Minnesota, so there should be no doubt that it will eventually get rolling with extended run. His ability to play off the stars will be invaluable if he finds his shot.
Patience
Although Patterson hasn't had the immediate impact many imagined, it doesn't seem like anything fans should be worried about. As discussed, Billy Donovan is no stranger to slowly incorporating newcomers, and the shots you want Patterson taking appear as though they'll be there. When you factor in his ability on the defensive end, and the simple fact that he's a better basketball player than Jerami Grant (he is), it all shakes out to spell good things for Patterson in the future.
As he gets fully up to speed following his injury, his confidence will grow — along with his minutes. If this is still an issue five games from now, it might be time to question the approach. Not there yet.
This Scottish referendum is far less bitter than the last one
Early on Sunday morning, thousands of people converged on Regent Road, which runs round the south side of Calton Hill, in Edinburgh.
A visitor from another planet who joined this quiet, purposeful and steadily thickening throng might have assumed some kind of religious ritual was about to unfold.
Many of the men and women wore shirts declaring their support for the relief of every kind of human suffering, including heart attacks, cancer, arthritis, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, motor neurone disease, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease and inflammatory bowel disease.
Yet they were prepared to mortify their own flesh, for although, in an attempt to keep off the morning chill, some of them had draped themselves in black bin liners, almost all of them wore shorts.
The prodigious, noble, wild prospect of Arthur's Seat which stretched across the southern skyline, and the sublime monuments of the Scottish Enlightenment which stood nearer at hand, were ignored by these devotees.
For they were getting ready, with a kind of sombre joy, to run the Edinburgh Marathon. And I realised how foolish I was to imagine that when people are putting themselves in the right frame of mind to run 26 miles and 385 yards, it would be anything other than tactless to ask what they think about the EU referendum.
In the course of a long day walking round Edinburgh, I did not see a single poster about the referendum. The atmosphere is completely different to the referendum in September 2014 on Scottish independence, which “got very, very nasty”, as an old lady reminded me, and prompted even normally reticent citizens to put propaganda in their windows.
A barmaid confirmed how different things were last time: “The pub was the most awful place to be before the referendum. It was all people talked about for two months. They were arguing all the time.”
Nor was the atmosphere any better when she went home: “I was really pro-independence at the time and I voted Yes. We couldn't talk about it at my house as my Mum was so anti.”
Two years later, the barmaid is no longer so keen on the Scottish National Party: “The SNP pretend to be Left but they're not. I don't like the SNP one little iota, and I feel that what they want is for us to leave [the EU] so we can become independent.
“But I like the thought that you work together with other people to achieve things – that's why I want to remain in the EU.”
The SNP is officially in favour of staying in the EU, but infuriates others in the Remain campaign by sustained bursts of “friendly fire” in which it attacks its own allies instead of backing them up.
For the Nats are in the awkward position of having attracted support from such a wide range of people, from Tartan Tories to “raging Lefties” (as the barmaid's father terms her), that they cannot now satisfy them all.
As Alan Cochrane, a brilliant observer of Scottish politics whose services have just been dispensed with by the Daily Telegraph, pointed out to me over a cup of coffee, many of the newcomers who joined the Nats at the time of the independence referendum yearn to see a second vote on the same issue as soon as possible.
That is the cause which excites them: not tedious things like canvassing during elections, winning seats at Holyrood, and working out how to deal with intractable problems such as under-performing Scottish schools.
But unless there is a marked change in Scottish public opinion, a second independence referendum would produce the same outcome as the first, and lead to bitter reproaches against whoever had subjected Scotland to such a pointless process.
So in order to keep its own supporters on side, the SNP has to hint at support for a second referendum, without actually getting one – a trick Alex Salmond, the former Scottish First Minister, tried to pull in last week's television debate.
This is a disorientating time to be a Nat, for having in 2014 been on the receiving end of Project Fear – or to put it in a less prejudicial way, a sustained attack on the weaknesses in the economic case for independence – it now finds itself allied to a Remain campaign which is trying to win the EU referendum by running a new version of Project Fear.
As Steve Hilton observed in his interview last week with The Times, this tactic can be traced back to the Conservatives' general election victory of 1992, to which he and his friend David Cameron contributed behind the scenes:
“It's not so much Project Fear as Project Simplistic.” Mr Hilton admitted that he was partly to blame for the scare-tactic campaigning style, having been deeply involved in the Labour Tax Bombshell campaign in 1992, which suggested that voters would pay £1,250 more tax under Labour. “The figures are made up,” he said. “ I should know. I used to do it. It's effective”
In Scotland, this line of attack seems to be working. Billy Graham, an engineer from Glasgow, said he will be voting Remain because “I've been through three really bad recessions.”
The Leave camp has not worked out how to reassure anxious voters that they will not be worse off outside the EU. Graham is infuriated by Boris Johnson: “What really annoys me is Boris – he's the UK Trump – he's changed his mind more often than the weather changes in Scotland in a day.”
Graham's son, Derek, who is likewise an engineer, thought the economic arguments were not clear either way, but added that one reason to vote to stay in the EU “might be Boris Johnson as PM”.
People sometimes ask me how Boris goes down in the North of England. I am not sure of the answer to that question, but he certainly goes down badly in Scotland.
Derek voted for Scottish independence, but has decided to vote for staying in the EU, “because the UK Parliament has more power over Scotland than Brussels has over the UK” – or to put it another way, Brussels is seen as less intrusive than Westminster.
The Scots reckon there is far less at stake in this referendum than there was in 2014. They would nevertheless be vexed if England voted Leave while Scotland voted Remain. Graham said that “if the UK votes to go out, I will vote for independence”.
And yet he has no time for Salmond: “I wouldn't piss on him if he was on fire.”
Here is a Unionist case for English voters to back Remain. The preservation of the United Kingdom is thereby rendered more likely, and Salmond will be disappointed.
Several people praised Ruth Davidson, the leader of the Scottish Tories, without being asked about her. Her promise to provide strong opposition to the SNP has cut through well.
As one speaker put it: “I'd have her as Prime Minister of the UK. She's got more balls than most of the men. She's got a backbone of stainless steel. And she's not tainted with the Eton, Bullingdon thing.”
John Crossan, who as a young man left Linwood, near Glasgow, because the car factory had closed, described the deep disillusion of traditional Labour voters with the Labour Party: “If you put Tony Blair in a room with David Cameron, what's different with them apart from the colour of their ties?”
Crossan, whose wife was competing in the Edinburgh Marathon, became, in his words, “an economic migrant”: he went to Hounslow, on the western edge of London, now lives in Stafford, and has the independence of mind to favour Leave: “I think we've got to give it a try, pulling out of the EU. Two years' pain for long-term gain is how it looks to me. Getting dictated to by Mr Obama! We're a lapdog of America.”
As he said these words, we were climbing Calton Hill, with his three-year-old son counting the steps. At the top, we reached the National Monument: a dozen great pillars erected in 1822-29, commemorating the Scottish soldiers who died during the Napoleonic Wars.
The design is based on the Parthenon in Athens, but funds ran out, so this colossal fragment, a favourite place for tourists to have their photograph taken in silhouette, is all that was built.
Here is a cosmopolitan monument in a cosmopolitan country, which has long felt its close links with the Continent to be entirely natural. Scotland will surely vote to remain in the EU, and by doing so will strike a blow against narrow conceptions of the nation.
A call to 911 is always used when someone needs an ambulance or police officer, but not when they need a woman.Watch videoBut that's what St. Tammany authorities say happened on Saturday.According to a news release from the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office, Kareem Collins called 911 on Saturday night and told dispatchers he “needed a woman.”Gallery: Ridiculous 911 calls"We are guessing he wasn't looking for one to come and run his criminal history, but that is what he got," the Sheriff's Office said.The responding deputy discovered that Collins was a non-compliant convicted sex offender, meaning he didn't notify authorities when he moved from New Orleans to Slidell.While police didn't bring him a woman he said he needed, they did bring him to the parish jail, where he was arrested on charges of failure to register for a change of address.Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
A call to 911 is always used when someone needs an ambulance or police officer, but not when they need a woman.
Watch video
Advertisement
But that's what St. Tammany authorities say happened on Saturday.
According to a news release from the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office, Kareem Collins called 911 on Saturday night and told dispatchers he “needed a woman.”
Gallery: Ridiculous 911 calls
"We are guessing he wasn't looking for one to come and run his criminal history, but that is what he got," the Sheriff's Office said.
The responding deputy discovered that Collins was a non-compliant convicted sex offender, meaning he didn't notify authorities when he moved from New Orleans to Slidell.
While police didn't bring him a woman he said he needed, they did bring him to the parish jail, where he was arrested on charges of failure to register for a change of address.
Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
AlertMe
Photo: Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
After last night's episode of Fresh Off the Boat aired, Eddie Huang, the restaurateur whose life and book “inspired” the ABC sitcom, sounded off against the show on Twitter. He said he didn't watch the show, and that after the pilot (which he was ambivalent about), it veered “so far from the truth,” he didn't recognize his own life. He sees the ABC show as a watered-down, anemic version of his raw memoir. It's a tempting argument: Who better to judge the authenticity of this show than the person it's supposedly based on?
For the record I don't watch #FreshOffTheBoat on @ABCNetwork — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
I'm happy people of color are able to see a reflection of themselves through #FreshOffTheBoat on @ABCNetwork but I don't recognize it. — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
My only goal was to represent my Taiwanese-Chinese-American experience & I did that. We also proved viewers want diverse content so make it! — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
I had to say something because I stood by the pilot. After that it got so far from the truth that I don't recognize my own life. — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
I don't think it is helping us to perpetuate an artificial representation of Asian American lives and we should address it. — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
Throughout his career, Huang has been concerned with the idea of authenticity. Remember his conversation with Francis Lam about appropriation in cooking? Or the time he slammed Marcus Samuelsson's Harlem restaurant Red Rooster? The ABC show is yet another instance of misappropriation — only this time, it's a highly personal one. By scrubbing away the violence of his upbringing, ABC made his life unreal.
My relationship to hip hop & back culture rose from being the victim of domestic violence. It's not a game. That music meant something to me — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
My grandma had bound feet, my grandpa committed suicide, HRS tried to take us from my parents. That shit was real. — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
I understand this is a comedy but the great comics speak from pain: Pryor, Rock, Louis... This show had that opportunity but it fails — Eddie Huang (@MrEddieHuang) April 8, 2015
Indeed, few of us can imagine what it would be like to see our lives adapted to screen, but where Huang missteps is how he conflates the cannibalization of his personal life with a broader critique of the show. The tweet where he says, “I don't think it is helping us to perpetuate an artificial representation of Asian American lives and we should address it” is telling because it suggests that there is something authentic to represent. Yes, Fresh Off the Boat is glossy and artificial, but so is every other network sitcom. This is not a problem of content so much as a problem of the medium: If you have a show on ABC, it's going to be an ABC show.
But the fact is, we should expect more. In a New York Times Magazine profile on Huang, Wesley Yang begins by asking him, “What did you expect?” It's a practical question, but also a jaded one. Huang's fiery idealism dismisses existing structures and forces the question: How do we make it better, more real, more “true”? The lives of Asian-American immigrants are often marked by struggle, and the point is that we should be seeing more of that on television, not less. Yes, even on broadcast networks.
The rise of Donald Trump caught many off-guard. What happened? And what comes next? At least one thing is clear: stark divides are being exposed in social orders and common understandings of them. This Hot Spots series explores these divides and how they are put to use in order to suggest concrete ways forward for our democracy and our disciplines. To do so, it gathers a set of preliminary provocations, visceral responses, and experimental concept work that collectively pose important—and sometimes uncomfortable—questions about power today. Authored over a span of four weeks by scholars from a range of backgrounds, institutions, and perspectives, these essays take Trumpism seriously—not to lend further force to it, but to demystify its claims to legitimacy. To do so, they make startling connections between present and past inequities, even as they formulate novel insights about what makes this moment distinct. In these ways, the series offers a much-needed corrective to many conventional explanations of the contemporary. The result is an urgent call to think politics, people, and scholarly praxis anew: one that may help guide critical engagements with the present and orient wider commitments to come.
This series joins diverse efforts across the discipline to engage with this moment in various forms and formats, including conference panels, articles, op-eds, organizational initiatives, teach-ins, and innovative scholarship, including forthcoming issues of Anthropological Quarterly and American Ethnologist.
Habits Edit
Like other spiders in the subfamily Nephilinae it can weave webs so strong that sometimes even birds and bats get caught.[citation needed] Its webs can be found in damp places such as large trees and unpolluted areas to which no cars have access; normally several are strung together to form enormous "homes" so as to cover as much surface area as possible.[citation needed]
Prey Edit
This species feeds on flies, mosquitoes, moths, wasps and unfortunate beetles who happen to get tangled up.
Subspecies Edit
In addition to the nominate subspecies (N. i. inaurata) of Mauritius and Réunion,[2] a second subspecies is currently recognized: N. i. madagascariensis (Vinson, 1863), which occurs from South Africa to the Seychelles.
Captive breeding Edit
This species is commonly kept in captivity. Egg sacs the size of a small marble are made of thick silk and contain 100-200 eggs which hatch after two months. They start out with a 2mm leg span and grow rapidly. Males mature in one to two months depending on the form. A small percentage of males mature early and resemble a small, black crab spider with only an 8-10mm leg span. Most males mature later and resemble the form of the female but have very little color and only a 25-30mm leg span. Females mature in four months with an approximate 100mm leg span.[3]
No one actually comes out and directly says "I hate Muslims" – at least, not on the liberal dinner party circuit that was the target of Lady Warsi's speech. Conversations generally begin with the sort of anxieties that many of us might reasonably share: it cannot be right for women to be denied access to education in some Islamic regimes; the use of the death penalty for apostasy is totally unacceptable; what about the treatment of homosexuals? The conversation then moves on to sharia law or jihad or the burqa, not all of it entirely well informed. Someone places their hands across their face and peers out between their fingers. Another guest giggles slightly. Someone inevitably mentions 9/11. Later, guests travel home on the tube and look nervously at the man in the beard sitting opposite.
The problem Warsi identifies is the problem of slippage. What can begin as a perfectly legitimate conversation about, say, religious belief and human rights, can drift into a licence for observations that in any other circumstance would be regarded as tantamount to racism. Like the 19th-century link between anti-Catholicism and racism towards the Irish, one can easily bleed into the other.
"I treat the Islamic religion with the same respect as the bubble-gum I scrape off my shoe," suggested one contributor to the website of the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science, in response to Warsi's speech. Another offered the following charming observation: "I don't care what the good or bad Baroness has to say about anything at all. I give her no credence nor voice. She is a person of faith so in my book a skinwaste." I cannot think of a single other group in our society about whom such vile remarks would be in any way socially acceptable. And OK, these are comments whose surface grammar is about Islam and religion. Nonetheless, the level of invective is very obviously personal.
The worst sort of dinner party bigot may talk about Islam as a faith but – nod, nod, wink, wink – we all know what they mean. Just as we know that when the British National party celebrates the Christian heritage of this country it is using Christian as code for "not Muslim". In many cases, Muslim can easily become a euphemism for brown. Prejudice like this is a dance of the seven veils that allows just enough insight into one's true meaning and just enough deniability.
None of which is to silence any sort of attack upon religious faith per se. Polly Toynbee was right that "Muslims must accept the right of others to criticise religions without smearing any critic as a racist". While this is undoubtedly the case, the flip side is also true: that the attack upon Islam as a religious creed can easily become an excuse for an attack upon one ethnic group. It is vital that we find a better way of charting a course between these two dangerous snares.
One of the tests for flushing out prejudice from robust but legitimate critique is the extent to which complexity is allowed to enter into the picture. The dinner party bigot may never have been to a mosque or read the Qur'an, but he already knows what he thinks. Life is always simple for the prejudiced. Indeed, the very point about a prejudgment is that it is a conclusion reached before the complexity of the world is allowed to make any difference. The facts are forced to fit a pre-formed picture. What about Islam's historic contribution to science? What about the significant number of women who have become heads of government or heads of state in Muslim countries – Turkey, Pakistan, Indonesia, Bangladesh? So much of this is ignored in the rush to find Islam guilty of crimes against humanity. The good critic, on the other hand, doesn't need to oversimplify in order to make their point. And with so much at stake, rhetorical flamboyance needs to be handled with care.
The other difference between robust critique and what is tantamount to bullying has to do with the power relations between those involved. The Muslim community in this country is generally more socially disadvantaged and has less access to the levers of power. British Muslims do worse at school than any other faith group, they are more likely to be unemployed and live in poorer housing. It is generally from communities such as this that the prosperous and the powerful find their scapegoats.
This is also why the growing idea that there is in this country such a thing as Christianophobia – an equivalent to Islamophobia – is such total nonsense. Following Warsi's comments, the usual suspects of the Christian right have waded in with another rendition of "what about us?" What about those nice Christian B&B owners who have just been fined for sticking to their sincerely held beliefs about gay couples not sharing a bed under their roof? But the power relations here are altogether different. With bishops in the House of Lords by right, with the monarch being head of the Church of England, with the long history of Christianity shaping our values and culture, Christians are not a persecuted minority, however much they may feel misunderstood.
Islamophobia is the moral blind spot of 21st-century Britain. Warsi got the emphasis wrong in placing responsibility for this at the door of hostility to religion per se – though the tone of that debate is sometimes a proxy for much uglier sentiments. David Hume was right: reason is a slave to the passions, especially our darker ones. The real driver is that otherwise polite people have given themselves permission to be racist. Now is the time to disturb the cosy rules of the dinner party and speak up against the bigots. There may well be a row. You might not get invited back. But so what?
• This article was amended on 7 February 2011. The original referred to the significant number of women who have become heads of state in Muslim countries. This has been corrected.
ShrtFly is another URL shorting Website. It pays you more than 16$ on 1000 Views. You can gain upto 16$ on the off chance that you have Norway Country Traffic. You can check Payout Rates in the event that you have these nations movement you can gain upto 20-30$ out of a day utilizing ShrtFly. It is another site so all connections are spam evidence you can share Short Links on Your Facebook page with no notice issue.
It is the best URL shortener site since you can make custom connections like bitly, You can contract upto 20 interfaces at any given moment. ShrtFly likewise gives you propel full site content you can contract just that connections which you need to short.
For Example, If you have huge amounts of connections on your Website like drive.google.com, Mediashare and so forth you can choose these spaces on that to propel full webpage content then the content changes over just that connections, not entire webpage pages. This component isn't accessible on some other site. That is the reason I supplant my entire another short connection site to ShrtFly.
ShrtFly gives you 30% Referral Commission for Lifetime so simply allude some dynamic distributer at that point no compelling reason to do anything simply unwind your distributer profits for you.
ShrtFly gives you Virtual Wallet you can utilize this wallet to advance your site joins by means of ShrtFly Banner, Popup, Interstitial Ads. On the off chance that you acquire 5$ by sharing short connections on your blog and you would prefer not to payout them then you can make a Campaign for that 5$, This is an amazing component which is likewise not accessible on other URL shortener sites.
ShrtFly has a devoted help group who is constantly prepared to help you. This is the Fastest Growing short connection site with 400+ Publishers. It takes 5-10 Minutes to refresh Traffic states. So, Shorten URLs and Earn Money from Home.
Features of ShrtFly – Custom URL Shortener
The Commission has found as many as 414 confirmed cases of paid news and is initiating action against the erring candidates by including such expenses in their poll expenditure, a top EC official said here.
"A total of 414 confirmed cases of paid news have been reported from Gujarat during last year's assembly polls after verification by various Media Certification and Monitoring Committees (MCMC) set up by the poll body at the district and state levels to detect such cases.
A final report on the action taken on these cases from the state election authority is awaited," the official told PTI.
The various MCMCs set up in Gujarat by the Commission had sent around 500 notices on cases of paid news identified by them.
Sources said a large number of candidates have already admitted to having paid for such news in electronic and print media and action against the erring candidates is being initiated, which includes adding the paid news expenses in the expenditure of candidates.
The Commission will also be writing to the Press Council of India (PCI) for necessary action against media houses indulging in such paid news without calling them as advertisements.
In a first action of its kind against paid news, the Commission had on October 20, 2011 disqualified Umlesh Yadav, MLA from Bisauli assembly constituency in Uttar Pradesh after finding her guilty of getting news published in her favour during 2007 state polls by paying hefty amount to media outlets. (More)
Former Festina coach Antoine Vayer has cast doubt on performances produced by Miguel Indurain and Laurent Jalabert in Grand Tours during the 1990s, describing them as only being achievable by “mutants”. Working in collaboration with French daily Le Monde, Vayer has been calculating the power output of the sport's top stage racers on major climbs since 1999 and has regularly suggested that many of them were beyond belief. Related Articles Froome: I'll never be stripped of my results
Jalabert tests positive for EPO at 1998 Tour de France
Vayer: CCN asked Dick Pound to stand for UCI President
Indurain: Rodriguez and Roche could strike lucky
Indurain says Tour de France route overly favours climbers
Miguel Indurain Jr signs with the Caja Rural development squad
Asked about the World Anti-Doping Agency's description of disgraced Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong as benefiting from “the most effective doping program in history,” Vayer responded, “With his record average of 438 watts on the 2001 Tour, ‘The Boss' only manages sixth place in our palmarès. He looks almost like a bit-part player next to ‘king' Miguel Indurain, who has five Tours to his credit. The Spaniard seems unlikely to be dethroned thanks to his average of 455 watts in the 1995 edition… The fact that Armstrong's reign began after the Festina affair in 1998 and the introduction of the EPO test forced him to pay more ‘attention'. He couldn't take EPO in an unlimited way like his predecessors”.
Speaking to Le Monde two days before the publication of his new book, "La Preuve par 21", which investigates the power output of Tour de France winners since 1983, Vayer also put together a list of the Tour winners who had produced the greatest power output over the course of the last 30 years, ranking Indurain (1995 version) at the top with 455 watts, ahead of Bjarne Riis (449) and Marco Pantani (446).
According to Vayer's rating scale, any figure over 450 falls into the “mutant” category, while those between 430 and 450 are described as “miraculous”. Three more Tour winners appear among the “miraculous” – Jan Ullrich (441), Alberto Contador in 2009 (439) and Lance Armstrong in 2001 (438).
Asked if any Tour winner since 1983 is beyond suspicion, Vayer said Greg LeMond “seems to have always produced ‘human' performances”. He gave LeMond's average power output during his three Tour-winning years as 381 watts in 1986, 408 in 1989, and 407 in 1990. He added that “following the arrival of EPO at the start of the 1990s, any rider who could produce 400 watts for 20 minutes could subsequently manage to put out 440 watts over 40 minutes! That was the case with the Dane Bjarne Riis… who, in 1993 was stuck at 399 watts, but progressed to 449 watts during his winning Tour in 1996 when he was 32. LeMond remained at 410 watts after 1990 and was dropped by older riders who had become thoroughbreds.
With regard to Laurent Jalabert, a sprinter in his early years as a pro and twice crowned King of the Mountains at the Tour towards the end of his career, Vayer said, “During the Vueltas of 1996 and 1997, the former [Tour de France] green jersey climbed to Lagos de Covadonga, 8.5km at 9.18%, in less than 25 minutes, producing 468 and 478 watts, respectively. On the Tour, we even had to re-baptise the ascent of the Col de Mende the ‘Montée Jalabert', after his 495 watts in 1995!”
Vayer describes the last 30 years as being split into three different eras. “Before 1990, we were in the pre-EPO era: riders were flirting with the figure of 410 watts thanks to corticoids and steroids. Then there was a leap to 450 watts with the arrival of massive usage of EPO up to 1998. After the introduction of the EPO test, blood transfusions made a big return: that was in the Armstrong era, where levels stabilised at 430 watts. Since 2011, we can talk about a new ‘mixed' era where performances have taken a step down but there are some suspect power outputs above 410 watts.”
The former Festina coach describes Cadel Evans' 2011 Tour-winning average of 406 watts as being in the “green” zone below 410 watts.
It is said that what America needs to swing it out of the present economic tailspin is a new industry. Many things just over the horizon have been suggested. But none of them seems yet to have materialized in terms of wages...
Let me stop there. That paragraph is straight-up plagiarism. Sorry.
Every word in it was lifted verbatim from an editorial that appeared 76 years ago in the New York Times, when the U.S. economy was emerging from another financial crisis, stuck in another lost decade, dealing with another identity crisis, looking for another business to make us rich.
The scavenger hunt for the future of the U.S. economy is a national past-time.
Today, it's wearables, or green manufacturing, or biotech, or Uber for Everything, or wearables. What was the imagined future of the U.S. economy months before the beginning of World War II? It was ... Disney cartoons. Yup.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs had premiered months earlier to national renown and exhilarating toy sales that presaged a new future for commercializing American art: making toys out of movies. Here's the full, fascinating editorial.
As it turned out, "industrialized fantasy" didn't save the U.S. economy. Fantastic industrialization did. The U.S. industrial index, which had just fallen to a five-year low in 1938, would triple by 1945 and double again by 1965. Americans returned from World War II, collected war bonds, built highways, moved to suburbs, bought homes and garages, filled them both with lots of stuff, and went to work in heavily unionized factories. Births, wages, exports: Everything rose in the strange, idyllic, post-war miracle of the 1950s. To the Times' credit, movies would be the third biggest retail category of the 1950s, but tickets and toys would lag far behind suburban homes and cars, which transformed the national economy.
The Georgia Aquarium has not given up on its effort to import additional beluga whales into the United States, and presented arguments in federal court Wednesday supporting its case.
Appearing before U.S. District Judge Amy Totenberg of the Northern District of Georgia, the aquarium's attorney, Daniel E. Diffley, argued that elements of the government's decision-making process should be made public, to reveal why a federal agency reversed its course and decided against granting the aquarium a permit to import the whales.
In 2012 the aquarium applied to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for a permit to import the wild-captured whales, but was denied. Last October the aquarium filed suit, seeking a ruling in federal court to compel granting of the permit.
The aquarium wants to acquire 18 belugas captured in the Sakhalin-Amur region of the Sea of Okhotsk, off the east coast of Russia. The application for a permit to import the whales triggered enormous opposition from animal rights activists. Wild-captured belugas haven't been imported into the U.S. in more than 20 years.
Georgia Aquarium President David Kimmel said earlier that NOAA Fisheries appeared ready to grant the permit, going as far as preparing a draft permit and undertaking an environmental assessment, when it reconsidered and denied the permit.
The aquarium is seeking documents pertaining to that change of direction, to determine the reasoning behind the denial.
“Something was going on at the agency that is not explained in the record,” Diffley said.
NOAA's attorney, Ethan Eddy, countered that the requested documents would violate the right of the agency to have its deliberations shielded from public view. Such exposure would “discourage candid discussions within the agency and otherwise undermine the agency's ability to perform its function,” he said.
Eddy and Diffley also sparred over a request by the aquarium that NOAA accept three additional studies on whale populations into the permit application, and they briefly presented differing interpretations of the impact that importing the whales would have on wild populations.
Caught by Russian collectors in the years 2006, 2010 and 2011, the snow-white cetaceans are being held at Russia's Utrish Marine Mammal Research Station.
The Georgia Aquarium hopes to import the whales to add to the breeding stock being held in human care at six different facilities, including three SeaWorld parks and the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago.
The aquarium currently has four belugas in its collection.
At the close of the two-hour hearing Totenberg told the attorneys she would render a decision sometime in the near future.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jeremy Bowen reports from inside a Damascus polling station
Syria has held a presidential election in government-held areas, amid heightened security.
President Bashar al-Assad is widely expected to win a third seven-year term in office.
However, critics of the Syrian government have denounced the election as a farce.
Syria is three years into a civil war in which tens of thousands of people have died and millions more have been displaced.
Polls closed at midnight (21:00 GMT) after state media said voting had been extended for several hours because of a high turnout.
Analysts say Syrian officials have gone to great lengths to present the vote as a way to resolve the crisis.
This is the first time in decades that more than one name - just a member of the Assad family - has appeared on the ballot paper.
Correspondents say the other two candidates - Maher Hajjar and Hassan al-Nouri - are not widely known and have been unable to campaign on an equal footing with the president.
Analysis: Paul Wood, BBC News, Idlib
No votes will be cast, and there won't be a single ballot box, in what opposition supporters call "liberated" areas.
The practical reason is that voting would mean allowing access for the agents of the regime. But the emotive reason is that people involved with the uprising would regard casting a vote while the regime's bombs are falling as an act of treason.
In towns and villages in Idlib over the weekend, people told me the election meant nothing to them: President Assad was a "butcher", a mass murderer - and anyway the regime would steal the election to give him 99% of the poll.
It is three years since the first street protests. There is bitter disbelief in opposition areas that President Assad should have lasted this long - and now that he seems about to embark on another seven-year term.
Rebels offer stark choice
Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi said the election was a "historic day" for Syria and that a large turnout would "prove to the entire world that the Syrian people have decided and are determined to make the electoral process a success".
Image copyright AP Image caption For the first time in five decades, the Assad family is facing sanctioned challengers
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Assad himself voted in Damascus
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Some refugees in Lebanon are crossing back over the border briefly to vote
Image copyright AP Image caption But in rebel-held areas, people have dismissed the elections as a sham
The interior ministry says there are 15.8 million eligible voters, both inside and outside Syria, and about 9,600 polling stations have been set up around the country.
In the Syrian capital, Damascus, people had to make their way through multiple checkpoints to cast their ballots.
'Voting in blood'
The Assad regime is radiating a new sense of confidence Syria: A ballot amid a battle
For thousands, this was a chance to pledge their allegiance to the president. Some have reportedly refused to go behind the curtain to cast their vote in privacy, instead publicly declaring their backing for Mr Assad.
Some polling stations provided pins or syringes to let voters mark their ballots with blood in a show of patriotism, Associated Press reported.
Odai al-Jamounai, 18, told the news agency that he chose to vote in blood, "to express by my love to my country and my leader".
In the coastal town of Latakia, a stronghold of Mr Assad, Zein Ahmed told the BBC he would be voting for the president because "no-one can lead this period better than him. We believe in him".
Threat of disruption
Voting is only taking place in government-held territory, with many parts of the country either under rebel control or in areas being fought over.
It is our first step to build a fully democratic state Rawa Jumaa, Damascus Voters' views
Even as the election got under way in some areas, activists reported fighting in others.
Opposition fighters have warned they will try to disrupt the vote, and the National Coalition - the main Western-backed opposition group - is boycotting it.
Coalition leader Ahmad al-Jarba described the election as "theatre written with the blood of Syrians".
He accused President Assad of planning to bomb and shell polling stations in order to blame the opposition.
Jan Eliasson, Deputy Secretary General at the United Nations, told the BBC the election was a "setback" to efforts to find a political solution.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Paul Wood questions what kind of election can take place in Syria's blasted landscape
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius criticised the vote, calling it a "fake election" that would enable Mr Assad to continue a "merciless fight" against the opposition.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Syrian presidential candidate Hassan al-Nouri: "They need Assad to continue leading this country"
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Damascus says the timing of the election reflects a new confidence in the Assad regime.
Government forces have recently made significant military victories while some rebel groups have been fighting among themselves.
Many of you know I've been reading a considerable number of graphic novels and comics the last few months. This isn't because of some pretentious “a scholar must engage popular culture” blather. I just want to read things that'll actually get finished and be fun. Novels have never quite made the cut, nor has non-fiction. I still read poetry all the time, but I want to learn how to tell a story myself. Hence, the current fascination.
Here's some of what I've read and discovered, in brief & in no particular order:
Vera Brosgol, “Anya's Ghost” – gets the surliness, bitterness and self-delusion of teenagers right. Anya's initial confrontation with the ghost had me both laughing and cringing: I knew (still know) people who would act that way in someone else's home. My favorite character by far was Emily – yes, throughout the whole novel.
Frank Miller, “Daredevil: Born Again” (h/t Michael Unterberger) – There are plenty of times I can't stand Miller. The time he had Batman try to electrocute Superman with power lines stands out as a “why the hell did anyone think humanity was a good idea” moment. But Miller's narrative doesn't shy away from serious questions even while having a lot of ridiculous fun here. The question: Can someone exist who is nothing but just? (What if even his reputation for justice was taken away?) You'll recognize the question as Glaucon's, from Book II of the Republic. Miller's surprising answer: if such a thing happened, there wouldn't be a need for a redeemer, as the one put in such a situation would be the redeemer himself.
Svetlana Chmakova, “Nightschool” – yes, it's on the girly side. Yes, people were looking at me in Barnes and Noble as I read this. Is it good? Oh hell yeah. Chmakova's story is less about creating a school with things like vampires and wizards, although it does that well. What it does even better is show how deeply family is rooted in us.
Daniel Clowes, “Ghost World” – click the link for my full review.
Adrian Tomine, “Scenes from an Impending Marriage,” “Shortcomings,” “Summer Blonde” – full review of these forthcoming. Suffice it to say that if you see his work, read it. Tumblr has some samples. I should warn you about the content. It is very adult and very complicated.
Brian Michael Bendis, “Halo: Uprising,” “Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man” – read all of “Uprising,” which I took to be a clever comment about adrenaline junkies (some of whom are a subset of gamers). The Marines in the series, the ones in the recognizable Halo armor, don't strike the fatal blows to the alien enemy or make sacrifices of the sort our hero does. They get cool action scenes. Our hero is just a guy with a job and a bad lovelife who steps up big-time. I read 4 issues, I think, of “Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man.” The story's moments don't lack impact. Perhaps the most telling part of Bendis' vision is the hooting and hollering of parents over their kids getting into a charter school. No one said graphic novels and comic books couldn't be a serious comment reminding us of the ugly realities we unintentionally create, why heroes and reforms are both necessary.
Emerging from last week's too-close-to-call election, B.C. Green Party leader Andrew Weaver had a clear first priority if he ends up with the balance of power in a minority legislature – cleaning up B.C.'s “wild west” election donations.
But after days of uncertainty over recounts, and discussions with B.C. Liberal leader Christy Clark and NDP leader John Horgan, a new top priority emerged – official party status for the Greens. In an interview Sunday on CTV's Question Period, Weaver said party recognition is one of his “dealbreakers” in talks with other parties.
“Number one is of course, with three seats, we don't get official party status,” Weaver said. “We would sit as independents, and that's simply not acceptable to us. So we would seek official party status for the three Green seats so that we actually are the Green Party and we don't have to negotiate for speaking time etc., we get allocated time.”
Official status is automatically achieved with four seats, providing additional taxpayer-funded political staff as well as guaranteed speaking time in the legislature. The B.C. Greens held Weaver's Oak Bay-Gordon Head seat, and elected Adam Olsen in Saanich North and the Islands and Sonia Furstenau in Cowichan Valley.
Election finance reform is now Weaver's second priority, after the Greens refused all but individual donations in the campaign for the May 9 vote.
“Any person, any company, any corporation, any individual anywhere in the world can donate any amount of money, any time they want, to any political party in B.C.,” Weaver said. “That's just wrong and we'll insist that that happens.”
Clark remains premier at least until May 24, when a recount settles results in Courtenay-Comox, where the NDP finished the initial count with a nine-vote lead. A B.C. Liberal win there would give the party a bare majority of 44 seats.
Horgan has argued that with a majority of voters choosing an alternative to the ruling party, conditions exist for opposition parties to take over.
The question of minority government with support or a formal coalition between the NDP and the Greens is also undecided, and won't be known until the result in Courtenay-Comox is finalized.
Pulse!
April 2015
Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, 11th Edition defines audiophile as “a person who is enthusiastic about high-fidelity sound reproduction.” The word first appeared in print in 1951, in an era in which audio gear bore little resemblance to what we use today. Since then, the working definition of audiophile also seems to have changed. Look on any online audio forum, or in the comments section of an audio blog, and you'll see that the word is now commonly used to mean “a person who believes certain things about audio.”
Some of those things would be: Vinyl sounds better than CD, DSD sounds better than PCM, simpler audio gear and circuitry are always better than more complex gear and circuits, blind testing is invalid, lab measurements are useless, stereo is better than surround sound, subwoofers are bad, sound processing is bad, etc. Of course, not every audiophile agrees with every one of these statements -- but if you check the sorts of sources mentioned above, or any high-end audio magazine, you'll see that such opinions are prevalent.
But don't get riled just yet -- I'm not here to argue with any of those opinions.
Many online commenters have questioned my status as an audiophile. Some have insisted that I'm not an audiophile. Their reasons have varied, depending on which article of mine they were responding to, but here are a few:
1) I consider blind testing extremely useful, and in many cases essential.
2) I have found measurements a vital part of any thorough evaluation of a speaker or headphone, and I consider them a useful addition to amp, preamp, and DAC reviews.
3) Except in extreme cases, I think dynamic-range compression is not a problem, and is in many ways beneficial.
4) I'm not excited about high-resolution audio, and I often listen to high-bitrate MP3 and AAC files.
Among most audiophiles, such opinions aren't popular. Thus, if you judge my status as an audiophile by my fealty to beliefs currently fashionable among audiophiles, I fail.
However, if you go by Merriam-Webster's definition of audiophile, and consider that I've devoted most of my 25-year career to “high-fidelity sound reproduction” -- including working for numerous publications, owning a full suite of lab gear, writing thousands of articles on the subject, recording a pretty good amount of music live and in studios, and designing and building way more audio components than I can remember -- then my status as an audiophile is confirmed a thousand times over.
I'll use an extreme example to illustrate my point. In an article I wrote for rich-guy magazine Robb Report, I cited Krell and B&W as “audiophile favorites,” only to receive an enraged e-mail from a reader who insisted that an audiophile would never own Krell or B&W products. In his opinion, you weren't an audiophile unless you owned a low-powered, single-ended tube amp and high-efficiency speakers.
While no one would doubt this reader's passion, it's hard to make the case that his definition of audiophile is very useful, or applies to most people who consider themselves audiophiles. It's merely an expression of tribalism, and an attempt to flatter his own ego. His gear has become for him less a tool than a totem -- a way to elevate himself above the general populace, and even above others who are interested in high-fidelity sound but who don't happen to share his taste in gear.
Few audiophiles are so extreme and exclusive in their beliefs, but still, this trend toward tribalism is evident every day on audio websites. Express an opinion countering the core beliefs listed above and you're certain to be attacked, often with a liberal sprinkling of all-caps online “yelling.”
I wish we could go back to that Merriam-Webster definition. I admire people who are so enthusiastic about high-fidelity sound reproduction that they embrace many different aspects of it. The audiophiles I find most interesting are those who read technical articles and books, have built a few audio projects themselves, have maybe done some music recording and mixing, and have investigated numerous fields of audio, including such things as portable and professional gear.
I think the working definition of audiophile should include all sorts of people. Home-theater fans. Car-audio enthusiasts. College kids who hook up a pair of Audioengine desktop speakers to their smartphone. The guy who saves up a couple hundred bucks for a pair of Pioneer Andrew Jones speakers and hooks them up to his dad's old stereo receiver. The business traveler who pops an extra $100 for PSB M4U 2 noise-canceling headphones instead of buying the Bose QC25s.
The measure of an audiophile should be passion, not degree of adherence to the opinions of other audiophiles.
. . . Brent Butterworth
brentb@soundstagenetwork.com
"Our guys just couldn't miss," coach Mike Krzyzewski said.
Incredibly, they eclipsed the 100-point mark with 5 minutes still left in the third.
"When we get hot, it's a big problem," Kobe Bryant said. "So you have all these guys on one team and then all get hot on the same night, it's tough."
They broke the Olympic record for most points in a game with 4:37 still to play, and set U.S. records for 3-pointers (26), field goals (59) and field-goal percentage (71).
When Andre Iguodala hit a 3-pointer with 4:37 left, the Americans had surpassed the previous Olympic record of 138 points set by Brazil against Egypt in 1988. When the record was announced to the mesmerized crowd, all the players seated on the U.S. bench got up and walked single file past Krzyzewski, slapping hands with him and his staff.
Gentlemen, take a bow.
"It was just one of them nights where as a unit we had it going," Anthony said. "It could have been anybody out on the court playing against us."
The Americans seemed intent on breaking Nigeria's spirit, and when that was accomplished with ease, they made a profound statement with their marksmanship.
Nigeria was the first to get the message.
"When they shoot like this, I don't know if there is any team that can beat them," said Ike Diogu, one of the Nigerians who promised not to be intimidated by the Americans.
Bryant scored 16 points -- 14 in the first quarter -- for the Americans, who scored 49 points in the opening period, left the floor leading 78-45 at the half and then doubled their total in the second half.
Russell Westbrook finished with 21 points, Kevin Love 15 and Kevin Durant 14 for the U.S., which will play Lithuania on Saturday. The Americans have won their first three games with ease, but now things are expected to get a lot tougher as they approach next week's medal round.
Diogu scored 27 points to lead Nigeria (1-2), which was as good as done after Durant hit a 3-pointer 11 seconds in, snapping an 0-for-14 slump by the U.S. in the first quarter in the tourney.
Bryant was mostly a non-factor in wins over France and Tunisia, playing just 21 minutes and getting into early foul trouble. But from the outset against Nigeria, the two-time Olympian nicknamed the Black Mamba was as deadly as ever. He set the tone by scoring seven quick points as the U.S. (3-0) raced to a 13-0 lead, a haymaker that stunned the Nigerians.
Durant buried three 3-pointers, Bryant and Anthony added two from long range and when Love, the NBA's 3-point champion, came off the bench and knocked down his first 3, the U.S. team's shooting gallery of stars had opened a 41-15 lead and made the P.A. announcer's pregame comment that "anything is possible" seem prophetic.
He was talking about a possible upset. The only surprise in the first quarter was when the U.S. missed.
Carmelo Anthony broke the U.S. record for points in an Olympic game, scoring 37 during Team USA's demolition of Nigeria. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
"We were looking forward to this game, playing against the U.S.," Diogu said. "You know we wanted to use this to show the world what type of team we are. We just came out flat, turned the ball over too many times and they made us pay every time."
After starting so sluggishly in blowout wins over France and Tunisia, the U.S. came flying out of the gates, led by Bryant.
Anthony, who made five 3-pointers in the first half, put on a shooting clinic in the third quarter. With the U.S. bench standing in anticipation every time he touched the ball on the perimeter, Anthony made all five of his attempts, punctuating one that made it 97-54 by throwing back his head, laughing and shrugging his shoulders.
He was in a zone unlike any seen before.
"It's a great accomplishment to get that record," said Anthony, who broke Stephon Marbury's scoring mark of 31 against Spain in 2004. "We did it in a very highly classy way. We went out there and we played basketball. We made shots. We make shots like that and play the way we played tonight, that record could have come on any team."
Anthony wasn't the lone sniper as the Americans made 29 of 46 3-point attempts (63 percent), numbers that could stand for several more Olympiads.
Although an Olympic rookie, Nigeria, with 10 players who played college ball in the U.S., also has its share of pro experience.
Wikileaks hacked into the DNC and found this gem which shows what the Democrats really think of Latinos. They don't care about them, just their vote. They're interested in their “brand” and their permanent vote.
Latinos should be on the side of Republicans because their values are much more in sync but Democrats have them convinced the Republicans are all racist because they don't want open borders. They want to own the “hispanic loyalty” and “convert states”.
Every #Latino should read this #DNCLeak. They target you mainly for your vote. The democrats don't care about you. pic.twitter.com/rRhwfyKyRY — Pat (@Boston_Bias_22) July 23, 2016
Maybe minorities should read this also.
https://t.co/PT3b7XoKOe every Black or Latino voter should read this about Clinton and racism! Louisiana votes for Clinton, I don't get it! — Margherita (@myitalianangels) March 6, 2016
Mike Segar/Reuters Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks to the audience at a campaign rally in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., October 13, 2016.
“The polls are showing us in a dead heat,” Donald Trump said in a speech Thursday afternoon.
A dead heat, according to Merriam-Webster, is “a contest in which two or more competitors earn the same score or finish at the same time.”
HuffPost Pollster's model, which aggregates publicly available polling, shows Hillary Clinton leading by 8 points in a two-way race nationally. That is not a dead heat.
HuffPost Pollster's model shows Clinton ahead by 6 points when third party candidates are included. That is not a dead heat either.
The Huffington Post's presidential forecast gives Hillary Clinton a 90.9 percent chance of winning the election, to Donald Trump's 8.9 percent. That is basically the opposite of a dead heat.
Huffington Post
Glad we could clear that up!
An EMC FastPass reader reached out to me to share a paper that they had recently written that outlines a solution they found to a radiated emissions problem. They were kind enough to let me reproduce the paper on this blog so that EMC FastPass readers could also benefit from the information. That got me to thinking that other folks probably have a ton of similar stories about failures, troubleshooting and solutions. If you also want to share, I've created an easy form to send me the info here. The more you share, the more we'll all learn, so please do take the time to let us know what you've solved in the past.
We've all been there – I remember how annoying it was to have a product I'd designed fail radiated emissions testing for the second time. My boss was annoyed and we were getting loads of pressure to fix it so we could ship the product. Sharing will help the whole EMC FastPass community to improve our odds of passing so please do pass on your stories.
Enter [anonymous] EMC FastPass reader (from a very well known company)…..
Background
There are certain products which ask for isolation requirement to be met. To meet this requirement, we usually make use of isolated DC – DC converters which is an easy and compact solution. Usually this leads to severe electromagnetic interference issues which badly impact the certification/qualification of the product. This is due to the in-built transformer in the Isolated DC – DC converter device, which switches at high frequency, in the range of Mega Hertz. Considerable amount of time and money is spent in debugging and resolving these issues. This paper is intended to address these issues with solutions, which will help the designer to take care at the design stage, thereby saving time & money, the important parameters of the project cost.
A set of experiments & analysis were conducted to find the root-cause of the issue. Some of the trials that were experimented to find the root cause is as follows:
1) Disable the Microcontroller
2) Disable the forward DC-DC converter
3) Disable the isolated DC – DC converter and provide external DC supply.
These experiments clearly indicated that the isolated DC – DC converter was causing the radiated emission issue.
The last experiment led to significant result where the emissions were very much below (6 to 10 dBuV) the limit line. Once the source of emission was identified, various fixes were tried to reduce the emission from the product, so as to qualify the certification for the product. These fixes will be explained in detail in the paper with emission graph plots too. As a part of EMI filter circuit, it would be better to have provision for certain ferrite bead and capacitor in the Isolated DC – DC converter circuit on the PCB or the board during the 1st prototype phase. During the test, different values of these components can be tried out and the EMI filtering circuit can be fine tuned to attain best results. This will avoid more revisions of PCB to be built, which in turn reduces the project total cost & increase the product turn over time.
Introduction
The product developed is used as a diagnostic tool in the field of ECU calibration & maintenance. During the Radio Frequency Interference test, there was a failure. Some analysis was done to arrive at the root cause of the issue.
Why is there an isolation requirement for this product?
One of the product requirements, that was mandatory to be met was the isolation between the CAN & USB section. To meet this requirement, an isolated DC – DC converter & isolated CAN transceiver was used. The isolation was provided on the CAN side and not on the USB side.
Basics of Isolated DC – DC converter:
Isolated power supplies generally include either transformers or optical isolators in both the power and the feedback paths. As a result, isolated power supplies are generally more complex in their design than non isolated power supplies. Maxim's isolated powers ICs accommodate the necessary isolation components, thereby reducing design complexity and cost. Fig 2 shows the block diagram of Isolated DC-DC converter.
Transformer
A key component in any isolated power supply is the power transformer. Critical specifications of the power transformer that have a direct impact on efficiency and reliability are the primary and the secondary winding DC and AC resistances, resulting in operating losses. Another key parameter is leakage inductance. Leakage inductance is a critical parasitic element that must be kept as low as possible to maximize power transfer to the secondary. Low leakage inductance also reduces losses in the primary. As with any other switching power supply, component placement is very important. Because of the primary to secondary isolation, the primary and secondary grounds are separated.
DCR01 family is a series of high-efficiency, input isolated, output-regulated DC/DC converters. In addition to 1W nominal, galvanically -isolated output power capability, this range of DC/DCs offer very low output noise, thermal protection, and high accuracy. The DCR01 family is implemented in standard molded IC packaging, giving standard JEDEC outlines suitable for high- volume assembly.
Figure 2: Block Diagram of Isolated DC – DC Converter.
POWER STAGE
The input supply is chopped at a frequency of 400 kHz (internal oscillator divided by 2), which is used to drive the center-tapped toroidal transformer.
RECTIFICATION
The transformer's output is full wave rectified and smoothed by the external capacitor connected to VREC.
REGULATOR
The internal low drop-out regulator provides a well-regulated output voltage, throughout the operating range of the device.
OSCILLATOR AND WATCHDOG
The DCR01 uses an internal saw-tooth generator to provide the 800 kHz on-board oscillator that is used to drive the power switching circuit. The operation of the oscillator is monitored by the watchdog, which will tri-state the output driver circuit if the oscillator fails, or if the SYNC pin is taken LOW, (shutdown mode). When the SYNC pin is returned HIGH, normal operation resumes. The high switching frequency of 400 kHz allows relatively small values of capacitors to be used for filtering the rectified output voltage. A good quality low ESR capacitor of 1μF placed close to the VREC pin and output ground will reduce the ripple.
CONSTRUCTION
The DCR01 is constructed using a driver IC, low dropout voltage regulator, rectifier diodes, and a wound magnetic toroid, all mounted on a lead frame. The DCR01 requires no special PCB assembly processing, as there is no solder within the package. The result is an isolated DC/DC converter with inherently high reliability.
PCB LAYOUT
The DCR01 is a switching power supply and as such can place high peak current demands on the input supply. In order to avoid the supply falling momentarily during the fast switching pulses, ground and power planes should be used to track the power to the input of DCR01 (this will also serve to reduce noise on the circuit). If this is not possible, the supplies must be connected in a star formation, with the tracks made as wide as possible.
THERMAL MANAGEMENT
Due to the high power density of this device, it is advisable to provide a ground plane on the output. The output regulator is mounted on a copper lead frame within the IC, and a ground plane will serve as an efficient heat sink.
ISSUE DESCRIPTION
This product had to meet radiated emission standard as mentioned below in the table (Table 01). Radiated Emission test was conducted in an anechoic chamber. The distance between the product & the antenna was 10 meters.
Table 01:
However the test failed at certain frequencies (40 Mhz to 80 Mhz) as the emission crossed the limit of 30dbµV/m at these frequencies. The Radiated Emission plots for both the Horizontal & Vertical is shown in the figure below.
RE Plot: Horizontal: 30MHz to 1GHz
RE Plot: Vertical: 30MHz to 1GHz
The circuit was analyzed carefully. The circuit design for the DCR converter section had a simple capacitor filter at the input & the output stage. The recommended capacitor value was, 1 to 2.2uF & the same was used as shown below in Fig 3. U4 is the reference designator for the DCR converter IC chip. [Note – I've quickly manually drawn this schematic. The circuit symbols do not exactly match the actual ICs]
Figure 3: Isolated DC–DC DCR converter circuit with simple Capacitor filter on the Input side.
Analysis done to find the root cause
Many experiments were conducted to find out the root casue for the issue. The following components microcontroller, power supply chips (both isolated & non-isolated) used in the board, were suspected. These were suspected as they were switching at high frequencies. As a part of the analysis, each component was disabled and the radiated Emission test was conducted few times. The plots captured were analyzed further. [Note: this is a very good way to track down the source of radiated emissions. Disable parts of the circuit and disconnect cables until the noise reduces or disappears].
One of the experiments that revealed which component was contributing significantly to radiated emission was “Disabling the Isolated DCR converter”. During this experiment, the DCR converter was disabled. An external linear DC supply was used to power the CAN circuit. Then the radiated emission plot was captured. The plots are shown below for reference. The emissions in these plots were very much below the limit line. This test clearly indicated that the DCR converter caused the radiated emission test failure.
RE Plot: Horizontal, 30 MHz to 1 GHz with DCR converter disabled.
RE Plot: Vertical, 30 MHz to 1 GHz with DCR converter disabled.
Various solutions tried to fix the issue
1) Add Ferrite bead on the Power line on the Input side of the DCR converter:
EMC filter with a ferrite bead on Power line, on the input side of the DCR converter was used. Usually, a single filter on each side of the circuit board will handle the EMC requirements. However this fix did not help much. [Note – I've quickly manually drawn this schematic. The circuit symbols do not exactly match the actual ICs]
Figure 4: PI-Filter provided on the Input side on the Power Line.
2) Recommended PI filter from Texas Instrument:
To meet international regulations for radio frequency interference (RFI) on equipment and system level there is often a need for some sort of EMC filter on the input & output side of the DC/DC converters. Similar ferrite bead was used on the ground line of the converter.
Figure 6: PI-Filter provided on both the Power & Ground Line.
Though there was ferrite bead provided on both the Power & Ground line on the input side of the DCR converter, the issue was not resolved and also did not show any significant improvement in the radiated emission plots.
3) Final Solution which resolved the EMC issue:
In addition to the above ferrite bead solution, high voltage capacitors of few nF/pF (nano Farad/pico Farad) were connected between the input ground & the output ground line of the DCR converter. During this experiment, various values of high voltage capacitors were tried to lower the radiated emission value much below the limit line to have enough margin. The final values of the capacitors 22pF, 0.01uF are shown below in the circuit (mistake in diagram, should show 22pF). The capacitors chosen were rated for high voltage as the design had to meet the Isolation requirement of the product. [Note – I've quickly manually drawn this schematic. The circuit symbols do not exactly match the actual ICs]
Figure 6: High Voltage capacitors used between the Input ground & Output ground.
Basics of using High voltage capacitors between the two Grounds
Due to high dv/dt (rate of change of voltage) present in switching circuits, currents will flow in any parasitic capacitances. There are parasitic capacitances between transformer primary and secondary. Unless there is a deliberate path for return currents (the completion of the circuit), the parasitic currents will flow in unintended paths. If the unintended paths have a large loop area (as they generally will), the loop will radiate (will cause electromagnetic interference). The capacitor connected between the Input ground & the Output ground, provides a short path, with a small loop area, for parasitic currents. Since it bridges the isolation barrier between primary and secondary, it must be Y2 safety capacitor.
Related Post: How to do an EMC Design Review (see section 3 for more details on bridging slots with capacitors to avoid loop currents)
It's also worth noting that parasitic currents flowing through resistive and reactive paths can cause potential differences that interfere with sensitive circuits, including, for example, the feedback circuitry of the power supply itself. The capacitance of the bridging cap must be small enough so that leakage currents flowing across the insulation barrier are under a safe limit, typically 0.75mA. This is why the capacitance is usually just a few nF/pF.
SUMMARY/CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES
When the Columbus Crew and the Portland Timbers lineup for the 2015 Audi MLS Cup, some higher ups in the MLS offices might be banging their heads against the wall. Not because the Crew or the Timbers aren't deserving of playing in the 2015 MLS Cup final, they finished tied for third in the overall standings and the Crew won the home field advantage based off goal difference.
No, what might lead to headaches for MLS higher ups is the fact that all year they've sold MLS as a league of stars, both international and American. At the start of the season the likes of Kaka, David Villa, Sebastian Giovinco, Michael Bradley, Jozy Altidore, and Clint Dempsey filled billboards and MLS ads as the star attractions someone would see in the domestic league. Halfway through the season it was a new crop of players that gave the league more stars to show off with the likes of Frank Lampard, Steven Gerrard, and Andrea Pirlo joining the fun. Finally, it was the Mexican Giovani Dos Santos who came into the league and MLS could keep the marketing machine going and showoff their muscle as a league that can bring in former world class talent.
As the summer days turned into fall nights and the regular season came to a close and the playoffs started, the star players and their teams came and went. Kaka's Orlando didn't make the 2015 MLS Cup Playoffs. Neither did the star studded New York F.C. with Villa, Lampard, and Pirlo. By the wildcard round, Toronto who had the likes of Giovinco, Bradley, and Altidore were sent on vacation by Montreal Impact.
On the west coast, whether MLS will admit to it or not, their worst nightmare happened as their two most star studded and marketed teams faced off with each other as the Seattle Sounders eliminated the Los Angeles Galaxy. In the semifinals, the young upstarts, F.C. Dallas knocked out those same Sounders and the Crew beat Didier Drogba and Montreal, leaving MLS with only one big market with the other New York team, the Red Bulls. After two weeks and 180 minutes, MLS lost their biggest market in the city of New York and now have Columbus and Portland going head to head.
Darlington Nagbe, who recently earned his first cap for the USMNT, is a young star on the rise outside of Portland.
There is a high chance that the viewing numbers for this final won't be that impressive, partly because after showing all the star players all year, the final consists of the Midwest and the Pacific Northwest, Columbus and Portland. The biggest names on Sunday are probably the Crew's Federico Higuain who is the only player in the finals who are in the top 20 in paid players (17th highest paid) in the league, and Darlington Nagbe, who just earned his first cap for the United States. The Timbers designated player, Liam Ridgewell was more use to fighting for relegation and promotion in the EPL than Champion League titles or EPL trophies.
The MLS Cup might lack big time names, but both teams still possess great players. Higuain is a quality playmaker who can create some magic with the ball at his feet. Kei Kamara, his attacking partner, finished tied for the most goals this season. While in the last two months of the season, Nagbe and Diego Valeri make up one of the best attacking midfield combos in the whole league for Portland. Both teams love to attack and have their defenders join the attack out wide. Leaving for the potential for a very open and back and forth encounter.
The big marquee names might be gone, the TV numbers might not be the best because of it, but don't let the lack of familiar names fool you, the stadium atmosphere is set to be electric with both fan bases set to be well represented. The ability of the 22 players and the overall team quality, and the team philosophies set for an entertaining MLS Cup. It will be small market soccer on display on Sunday, and also big time fireworks and a high octane 2015 Audi MLS Cup.
The buzz surrounding Nokia's keynote at this year's Mobile World Conference was unprecedented. The company's comeback has been the talk of the tech community for weeks and Nokia finally laid the tons of rumours to rest by announcing the global variant of the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, Nokia 3 and a re-incarnation of the legendary Nokia 3310 .
While the Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 might not come with internals that will blow you away or even some radical bezel-less design, they come with one feature that sets them apart from nearly all Android competitors out there - 100% stock Android.
Nokia's pure Android experience
In a market crowded with smartphones running such warped versions of Android that they fail to look like Android smartphones altogether, Nokia's decision to stick with stock Android is a stroke of genius.
Also Read: New Nokia 3310 vs old Nokia 3310: How much difference do 17 years make?
Every manufacturer, from big weights like Samsung and LG, to upcoming OEM's like Xiaomi, Huawei and LeEco heavily customise Android according to their own tastes in a bid to differentiate themselves from the competition. These skins are generally not optimised well and have a lot of redundant applications.
After Nokia's MWC event, Juho Sarvikas, Chief Product Officer, HMD Global told Gadgets 360 how design, build quality, timely updates and attention to detail would be the real differentiators for Nokia's new Android smartphones and not blind specifications alone.
Additionally, he elaborated on how the company's decision to stick with stock Android was a result of customer feedback which showed a demand for clean, easy to use, and snappy user interfaces. He said "The best way to do that is to do the purest form of Android out there. It makes it easier to roll out updates and commit to monthly security updates across the portfolio, so we can keep the consumer safe, and also deliver the latest features."
Apparently, Nokia did consider building their own launcher and dialler but ultimately scraped that plan as they ''did not want to do something different for the sake of doing something different''.
Specifications are not everything
OEM's these days also have a tendency to cram their smartphones with as powerful internals as they can in a bid to emerge victorious in the ludicrous specification war. What most companies fail to take into account is the importance of optimising the software and hardware to work seamlessly with each other.
This is where Nokia's strategy to concentrate on design and software rather than just blind specifications looks set to be a masterstroke. The best selling smartphone in the world - the iPhone has never had the best processor, the most high resolution display or an absurd amount of RAM. Where Apple does concentrate on is in terms of making sure the hardware and software work in tandem in order to make sure everything 'just works'.
In the Android World, Google has followed the same ideology with their Nexus and now Pixel line of devices. Regular and smooth Android updates, a seamless marriage of hardware and software and a UI without any clutter - those are the attributes which made the Nexus devices such a hit amongst Android purists and Nokia is set to imbibe the same qualities in their smartphones.
In a market crowded with smartphones running such warped versions of Android that they fail to look like Android smartphones altogether, Nokia's decision to stick with stock Android is a stroke of genius.
Google Assistant at an all new price point
On top of having stock Android, the Nokia smartphones also come with Google's new AI based voice assistant on board. Google Assistant can be used to open apps, text someone, play/pause music, call your friends, post a tweet, make movie reservations and much more. Where it pulls ahead of both Siri and Cortana is the fact that Assistant is extremely smart. The more you use it, the more useful it will become.
While the Google Assistant will also ultimately appear on the LG G6 and the Samsung Galaxy S8, the Nokia smartphones, particularly the Nokia 3 and 5, will bring the voice assistant to a budget price point, making it accessible to far more users.
Timely Android updates
Nokia's 'pure Android approach' is a brilliant and refreshing move at a time when Android is getting more fragmented than ever and OEM's are lagging miserably behind when it comes to updating their devices to the latest version of Android and delivering monthly security updates.
According to data sourced directly from Google (as of February 2017), the latest version of Android - 7.0 Nougat has reached just 1.2% of Android users a whopping six months after release. Even Lollipop, which is now almost 2 years old has just reached 32.9% of Android users.
Such an appalling adoption rate clearly shows the extent of Android's fragmentation problem and Nokia's decision to stick with stock Android will help the company distinguish itself from the rest of the competition by offering timely updates.
This is the same strategy Motorola adopted upon its return to the smartphone game a few years ago before Lenovo bought the company and eventually brought it in line with other OEM's in terms of delayed updates.
Nokia's new smartphone line-up
Nokia 6
The Nokia 6, which has already been launched in China comes with 3GB of RAM, 32GB of internal storage, a 5.5' fullHD display and Qualcomm's Snapdragon 435 processor. When it comes to optics, it features a 16MP rear camera with PDAF and an 8MP front camera for selfies.
It will be available in four color variants namely Matte Black, Silver, Copper and Tempered Blue and will be launched at a price of 249 Euros. There is also an ARTE Black version of the smartphone with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage for 299 Euros.
Nokia's 'pure Android approach' is a brilliant and refreshing move at a time when Android is getting more fragmented than ever
Nokia 5
The Nokia 5 is the mid-range device and comes with a 5.2' 720p HD display, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of internal storage expandable via a microSD card and the same Snapdragon 430 processor. On the imaging front, it comes with a 13MP primary camera with PDAF and an 8MP front shooter.
It will be priced at 189 Euros and come in four color options, namely Matte Black, Silver, Copper and Tempered Blue.
Nokia 3
Lastly, there is the low-end Nokia 3 with a MTK 6737 quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of expandable storage, 8MP front and rear cameras and a 5.0' 720p LCD display for 139 Euros.
It will also be available in four color options, namely Tempered Blue, Silver, Matte Black and Copper.
Also Read: Nokia 5, Nokia 3 and Nokia 6 to be made in India, launch in June: Report
UK-US fallout on Manchester leaks likely to be mentioned to Trump 7:25 AM ET Thu, 25 May 2017 | 02:08
President Donald Trump has threatened to prosecute the source of intelligence leaks to U.S. media after the U.K. warned it would stop sharing information with U.S. agencies.
The U.K. temporarily stopped intelligence sharing with the U.S. in relation to the Manchester terror attack, but lifted the ban several hours later.
"The alleged leaks coming out of government agencies are deeply troubling," Trump said in a statement released in Brussels on Thursday.
"I am asking the Department of Justice and other relevant agencies to launch a complete review of this matter, and if appropriate, the culprit should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."
British officials were outraged when photos of debris from the attack were leaked and published in the New York Times, the BBC said on Thursday. The images vividly show part of the explosive device and jacket worn by the suicide bomber.
Though the Times did not disclose how it sourced the images, a senior U.S. law enforcement official authenticated the photos and said they had been provided to American investigators by British authorities.
BEIJING (Reuters) - The trial of one of China's most high profile human rights lawyers on charges of inciting ethnic hatred and provoking trouble lasted just three hours on Monday, with police blocking diplomats, foreign reporters and protesters from the court.
Pu Zhiqiang, who has spent nearly 19 months in detention, faces up to eight years in prison if convicted, according to one of his lawyers, Shang Baojun.
As many as 11 diplomats from countries including the United States, Germany and France congregated near the Beijing courthouse seeking to observe the trial. They were refused admittance by the police.
Dan Biers, deputy political counselor of the U.S. embassy in Beijing, called for Pu's release and criticized the “vague charges” that have been handed down against Pu.
Police tried to prevent Biers from reading out a statement near the courthouse, pushing him and foreign reporters out of the way. Dozens of police and plain clothes security surrounded the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate People's Court, where they blocked foreign journalists attempting to report on the trial.
Neither the court nor public security authorities could immediately be reached for comment. China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said “law enforcement authorities carried out order management at the scene in accordance with the law”.
“The relevant people should cooperate,” Hong said at a daily news briefing, urging all foreign countries to “respect China's judicial sovereignty”.
U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby said the United States was “dismayed with the physical harassment of Chinese and international observers, including journalists and diplomatic personnel outside the court house.”
China has charged many rights activists with “picking quarrels and provoking trouble”, saying it is a country with rule of law and dismissing any international criticism on its rights record.
The main accusations against Pu revolve around seven microblog posts on his online accounts, his lawyers say. The posts had criticized China's ethnic policy in the troubled western region of Xinjiang and denounced several officials.
Pu's trial lasted a little over three hours, Mo Shaoping, another one of his lawyers, told Reuters.
A plainclothes police officer gestures as he keeps China's rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang's supporters and journalists away from the entrance of a court where Pu's trial is being held, in Beijing, China December 14, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
“He admitted the seven microblogs were written by him, there was no issue with it, this is a fact,” Mo said, recounting what Pu said in court.
“Secondly, he said that if these microblog posts had caused injury to other people, he apologizes for it. Thirdly, he had no intention to incite ethnic hatred or pick quarrels and provoke trouble.”
Mo said the court did not ask Pu specifically whether he was pleading guilty.
CLAMPDOWN
Pu's case will be seen by rights groups and the West as a measure of what they say is the most severe clampdown on human rights in two decades in China.
“Pu's trial is extremely important - he's the ultimate canary in the coalmine,” said Maya Wang, a China researcher for Human Rights Watch. “If they decide to be harsh against him, I'd say it'll signify a further escalation of hostility towards human rights activism.”
Pu has represented many well-known dissidents, including artist Ai Weiwei and activists of the “New Citizens' Movement”, a group that has called on Chinese leaders to make their wealth public.
Despite being pushed back by the police, about 40 supporters gathered outside the courthouse and chanted slogans to show their solidarity with Pu.
“Pu Zhiqiang is not a criminal. He will be judged by history,” said Qu Biao, 53, a teacher from northern Shaanxi province who had traveled to Beijing to show his support for Pu.
“The Chinese constitution protects freedom of speech, so putting him on trial is unjust and shameless. If Pu Zhiqiang is guilty, then we are all guilty.”
Pu, 50, was detained in May 2014 after he attended a meeting in a private home to commemorate the suppression of pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989. Pu, who had participated in the protests, had vowed to commemorate the anniversary every year.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Authorities had rejected his lawyers' request for medical parole earlier in September, his lawyer, Shang, said.
In the past two years, the government has launched a crackdown on online rumors, detained hundreds of human rights lawyers in a nationwide sweep, and jailed a journalist on a charge of leaking state secrets.
Radio host Rush Limbaugh told his millions of listeners on Wednesday that Stephen Colbert's “Late Show” audience is emblematic of a much larger threat to the republic — an ignorant citizenry prone to emotional manipulation.
“Oh. Wow. Huge, huge Donald Trump fans here tonight,” Mr. Colbert said after his Tuesday crowd roared with approval at President Trump's decision to fire FBI director James Comey.
The audience quickly did an about-face and booed future comments on the issue.
“There weren't any Trump fans in there,” Mr. Limbaugh said. “Those were liberal Democrats — robots, mind-numbed. They just can't keep up with whether they're supposed to hate Comey or not at this particular point in time. They don't know who they're supposed to hate. Can you imagine how confused they are? Their initial gut reaction was to stand up and cheer it, and Colbert was embarrassed.”
The host then offered analysis similar to “The Death of Expertise” author Tom Nicholas, whose recent book warns: “When that trust [in experts] breaks down, public ignorance can be turned by cynical manipulation into a political weapon. Anti-intellectualism is itself a means of short-circuiting democracy, because a stable democracy in any culture relies on the public actually understanding the implications of its own choices.”
Mr. Limbaugh said the event was proof that large swathes of the public do not possess critical thinking skills.
“These are mind-numbed, programmed robots who are being programmed by virtue of hate,” the conservative said. “They are being emotionally manipulated while they are being lied to. And that posits to me a grave danger … These people think they're the most tolerant, the smartest, the most informed people around, and they are the exact opposite. And, as such, they pose a threat, if you believe that a representative republic or democracy depends on an informed, engaged citizenry. And the left cannot tolerate that. They cannot tolerate independent thinking.”
Mr. Colbert told his audience that he was “shocked” and that his pulse was “racing” in response to Mr. Comey's firing.
Mr. Trump “fired the FBI director, who has said under oath that he's investigating the Trump campaign's ties with Russia,” the CBS host said. “No rationale has been given yet as to why, but it came on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions.”
In fact, the firing was also suggested by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein over the way Mr. Comey handled the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's private email server and handling of classified information.
The president took to social media early Wednesday to defend his actions, saying Mr. Comey “lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me! James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.”
Mrs. Clinton and many of her supporters blame Mr. Comey for costing her the 2016 U.S. presidential election due to his handling of the FBI's investigation into her secret email server.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
From Time:
Joel Stein, June 14, 2017
Seth Stephens-Davidowitz is a brilliant, thoughtful data scientist who studies the complexities of human behavior, which is why no one has heard of him. I, meanwhile, exclusively study my own very simple behavior, which is why I have a Wikipedia page and he doesn't.
As you can deduce from the title of Stephens-Davidowitz's recent book, Everybody Lies: Big Data, New Data, and What the Internet Can Tell Us About Who We Really Are, he struggles with brevity in naming things as much as his parents did. But his fascinating, funny work uses online data (Google searches, porn views, Wikipedia entries, Facebook ad data) to prove that we are far more horrifying that we let on. …
As interesting as learning about this data was, I eventually got bored, since none of it was about me. So Stephens-Davidowitz did some quick algorithming and found out that the No. 1 question searched about me is whether I'm gay. In fact, 1 in 50 searches about me are about my supposed gayness, despite the fact that I often write about my wife and watching heterosexual porn. It turns out that this is a very common question about men, though it is more common about me. I'm pretty far from the 1 in 570 searches about LeBron James' sexuality but very close to the 1 in 18 about Richard Simmons'. Far more disturbing is that Stephens-Davidowitz found that my fame peaked in 2006, and I am now 89% less well-known. This is probably because in 2006, I was on a show called I Love the '70s. Also, in 2006, people still read words.
The only thing more compelling than what other people think about me is what I think about me. So I gave Stephens-Davidowitz access to my search history. “The most common search you make is ‘Joel Stein,'” he told me. Apparently, 3% of my searches are for my name, with about one self-Google per day. The average person does this so rarely, it doesn't even register in Stephens-Davidowitz's data. …
Then Stephens-Davidowitz said something upsetting: 5% of the time after I search the name of a female celebrity, I try to see her naked. I denied this, but he said that most people forget their own Google searches, and 5% is totally normal for a guy. What is not normal is this: “The celebrity you searched for naked most was Joel Stein.”
0 SHARES Share Tweet
The current AMD Fusion APUs, Brazos and Llano, do provide a good balance of integrated CPU and GPU performance, although the system designers, or the PC assemblers using them, should note that there is quite high performance dependence on the memory speed used, especially for the quad-core Llano. This is expected to be even more the case for the upcoming 'Trinity' successor to Llano
The AMD Fusion philosophy has come to its initial fruition this past year, with the first two generations, the entry level Brazos and midrange Llano, having successfully been unveiled by now. The challenge of putting together two distinctly different processing unit types with nearly opposite performance and bandwidth requirements does affect the component choices at the board level, especially when it comes to the memory modules.
Right now, entry-level Brazos and mid-range Llano APU families form the current spread of AMD Fusion offerings. In short, they each offer a balanced CPU-GPU combination, with Brazos combining a very low power dual-core CPU with an entry level GPU, and Llano having a quad-core Phenom-class CPU with a mid-range Radeon 6500-class GPU.
From the system architecture point of view, both Brazos and Llano are not very demanding parts, fitting well within the expected limitations of their respective target markets. Since Llano doesn't have a L3 cache, the benchmark in the reviews up to now showed quite a bit more load on the memory system from the combined CPU and GPU access pattern, so you will very likely notice more substantial overall performance improvements when integrating faster memory – both lower latency for the CPU-bound apps, and higher bandwidth where CPU and GPU parts share the access paths. Think of it as a 20% or more performance headroom when moving from DDR3-1333 CL7 to DDR3-1866 CL8.
As the first Bulldozer core for the desktop doesn't seem to have the impact on the market as expected due to its performance issues, the next Fusion APU from AMD will have an updated ‘Piledriver' core which, hopefully, will address some of the problems that the initial Bulldozer has. If we do get some 20% extra performance there over the current Bulldozer, the Trinity CPU portion should show good performance jump vs the current Llano one. Else, we may have a problem…
The more critical aspect of Trinity APU is the higher bandwidth with the CPU portion, as well as tighter interconnect to the GPU portion, which by itself should be up to 50% faster than the one in the Llano. At the same time, the socket compatibility with Llano requires the dependence on the very same dual-channel memory system, restricting any performance improvements there to the usage of faster DDR3 modules above DDR3-2000 to provide the extra bandwidth needed especially to the GPU portion. I would in fact recommend supporting as fast as DDR3-2400 CL10 memory speeds on this platform to maximise the graphics performance gains in particular. Why? Well, since the socket compatibility limits us there to just two memory channels, speeding that memory up is the only way to obtain more juice.
The same bandwidth issue would even more affect the eventual future Bulldozer based high end APUs for server and HPC markets, although those are still far, likely not before 2014 – an eternity in the computer world. Fusion approach key benefit, where it will ultimately make the graphics processor just a tightly attached coprocessors with in-line standard programming and shared main memory space, just like any other execution unit within the CPU, results in both CPU and GPU having one single main memory pool at the physical level and, if you have both a fast multi-core CPU and a many-core GPU on the same die, with a common memory management unit and memory accesses, how fast do you have to go to maximise the performance? I guess, if it was, say, a 4-module Piledriver core setup, plus an equivalent of Radeon HD7700 graphics (with double precision FP extra) on a single die, as a speculative assumption, we would need six-channel DDR3-2000 memory for a truly good performance maximising the execution resources potential.
If an efficient and large – not an AMD strength recently, though – L3 cache was in place, handling both random CPU accesses and buffering of GPU streaming loads, then four-channel DDR3-2400 could still do a fair job. However, either way, new sockets are the must for AMD to prepare for such future high end APU infrastructure upfront. Else, we get stuck like right now with AM3 generation dual-channel memory due to socket compatibility pressure.
Sumail, 15, wins $1.2m Dota 2 Asian Championship and $6.6m TI5. Source: Evil Geniuses
August 2015: Our latest stories from TI5:
Sumail, richest esports player by age in history, bags $6.6m online game championship
Exclusive backstage photos of Sumail, richest esports player by age
By Danyal Zahid (aka Danger)
When legendary Arteezy ( @ Arteezy) won MLG Columbus in 2013 and later became the 2014 MVP (most valuable player) of Dota 2, I scrambled for insights into his gameplay and what made him stand out, I found very little on the Internet.
Not until I have had a personal Q&A with him in which I asked him how not to choke against big players, and he said: just turn off player names.
This week, Dota 2's new global star, Sumail ( @ SumaaaaiL), a 15-year-old Pakistani-American, broke the internet after winning the $1.2 million DAC2015 Asian Championship for Team Evil Geniuses. Sumail became the 7th Twitter global trend.
Sumail was like my little brother, over all the years we played together which were made up of innovation, sheer joy, fights, countless arguments and whatnot.
I see myself winning in his big win. It feels as if I have achieved it myself. Sumail has given me a whole new perspective and a regained confidence, and for that I would be forever grateful.
I have tried to put together this piece for those who are looking for insight into Sumail's play and what made him what he is at age 15. These are the six things that created the Sumail storm in Dota 2 DAC15.
1. Global ambition
The first noticeable thing about Sumail was his ambition: to be the best mid player in the world.
When I started all I wanted was to be the best player in the country, which I did achieve by age 13. After that it was only a ritual until I got bored and moved to Canada for my studies.
In Sumail's case, his first major tournament was against my team and he beat me – the best – at mid. So, in one go he became the best in the country.
Later when we both formed a team and including his elder brother Yawar and Munchy, being the best in Pakistan didn't mean much to him, his eyes were already on something bigger, perhaps being the best mid player in the world.
Arteezy and Sumail. Source: Conrad Janzen
2. Persistent skill practice
Sumail played 10 to 13 games a day, for four years, in front of my eyes, mastering his game-play, mechanics, game-sense, controlled aggression, item builds, individual hero play styles, and last hitting skills ( @ Arteezy won't like if I don't mention the last-hitting bit).
The result: where we once were equal in 1×1's we went to the point where I could not stand in a lane against him! As late Greg Plitt would say, he trained himself mercilessly so he did not have to wake up in the midnight hours wondering “what if!”.
3. Self-confidence
He was super-confident in his game and play style as well as reflective.
For instance, during game if he ever died at mid, he looked at the replay of his death 10 times, asking himself, how could he let that happen. But always telling himself that it was his mistake not the other player's skill (I will call this ‘champion mindset').
In some instances of self-doubt, I always told him that Dota is a psychological game. You have to believe you can win before you even set foot in the mid lane, otherwise there's no point.
This belief was later reinforced when Arteezy said exactly the same thing in his MLG interview and the International: you have to have the winner's mindset, so I am aiming for first.
Sumail's confidence reflected in his unique item choices and play style on the world stage.
Our earlier story on Sumail: Pakistani, 15, becomes Dota 2 world champ
4. No fear (pun intended!)
As Al Pacino says in movie The Recruit, I am a scary judge of talent. I immediately recognized this style of Sumail when I played against him that he does not care of who he is facing. Initially, he gave a little respect and at times choked.
As he grew as a person and a player, he stopped caring about the name of the player. He could care less if he was facing one of the best mid's or just any other.
Team Evil Geniuses that won $1.2 million DAC15. Credit: Korie Yang
5. Passion
His love for the game is unimaginable. He would watch my game with curiosity and sustained interest until 6pm and then had to rush back home to avoid curfew imposed by his parents on the young soul.
He played countless hours without any care in the world, be it being tired or hungry. Speaking of hunger, he once played 24 hours straight without eating anything (source: His brother Yawar). If Internet was disconnected or if the game lagged during important games, tears would come down his eyes.
Dota players are now in for money and fame. Then, Sumail didn't even know if this game would qualify for a decent international tournament. His love for the game was solely for the game and the passion he brought to it.
So much passion and purpose that these daily discomforts did not even come on his radar of tunnel focus. Sumail sweat, cried, sacrificed for this game knowing one day his passion would pay off.
6. Superior talent
There's a luck factor in every endeavor. Sumail is gifted with superior talent in Dota; it just comes naturally to him. His success at such an early age put him into the child prodigy category.
There are countless other players who give it their all, day in day out, yet fall short. In addition to being extremely skilled you have to be a little lucky as well.
PS: Sumail: Thank you for the shout-out to me in your 1 February interview. The reality is you are my inspiration now! Good luck in TI5.
Danyal (game name: Danger) has been playing Dota for nine years. He played with Sumail for four years when he was in Karachi, Pakistan. He has seen Sumail grow from Garena Pakistan Room to the MVP Mid Laner of DAC2015. His Facebook & Twitter.
By Wali Zahid
Wali on Pakistan of future
A miracle: Pakistan score in Long Term Orientation goes from Zero to 50
Pakistani culture through 6-D Model
Native languages in Pakistan
How future oriented are we?
How we messed up Pakistan: A series by Wali
Pakistan's two value crimes no one talks about
Aviation enthusiast with eye on 2050
MH370 apology: Technology is so overrated!
Shall I? Shall I not?
Good to see good coming out from a public-sector entity
Humanize medical: The movement begins!
Pakistani passport ranks at 71, with 46 visa-free countries
A 17-YEAR-OLD attempted to murder three women in random stabbing attacks because he could not lose his virginity, a court heard.
Ben Moynihan, now 18, of The Ridings, Portsmouth, is on trial at Winchester Crown Court charged with the attempted murder of the three women, aged 20, 45 and 67, which he denies.
The teenager also faces alternative charges of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily which he also denies, but he admits wounding the three women in the three incidents which happened in the north area of Portsmouth in June and July last year.
Kerry Maylin, prosecuting, said that Moynihan, who called himself the ‘unhappy geezer', left two letters for the police confessing to his crimes in which he stated that ‘all women need to die'.
The letter, left on a police van, stated: ‘All women need to die and hopefully next time I can gouge their eyes out.
‘Come and arrest me for God's sake before I hunt for my fourth victim.'
At the bottom of the letter, Moynihan had included a photograph of himself.
He was later arrested when police officers recognised him in the street from the picture and detained him. Another letter was found by a couple in which Moynihan described himself as ‘the unhappy geezer'.
It said: ‘When women won't talk to you it's heartbreaking, why are they fussy with men nowadays.'
It continued: ‘As I roam these streets, hungry for blood and pain, I am greeted with attack, attack, attack, attack. Dead. Jolly Good.'
At the bottom of the letter was a symbol from the video game Tomb Raider, Ms Maylin said.
She continued that after his arrest, Moynihan told a police officer: ‘It was not GBH, I was trying to kill them.'
In a video found on his laptop, Moynihan had filmed himself saying: ‘I think every girl is... fussy with men nowadays, they do not give boys like us a chance.
‘I am still a virgin, everyone is losing it before me, that's why you are my chosen target.
‘I just can't live in this flat, I have no future here.
‘So women, tell me how we should do this.'
Ms Maylin said he waved a knife at the camera as he continued saying: ‘Shall I stab you in the neck or in the heart, shall I slash your throat or should I just cigarette lighter you or just fire you.
‘I do not know where I could get petrol from but how hard can it be to come by.
‘So I hope you learn a lesson not to bully guys like us, we deserve dignity, for your own generations, remember.'
In another document, Moynihan had written: ‘I was planning to murder, mainly women, as an act of revenge because the life they gave me.
‘I am still a virgin at 17 and why do women have to be fussy with choosing a boyfriend or cheating on men with others?
‘I attack women because I grew up to believe them a weaker part of the human breed.
‘I have also done it to get out of this horrible life with more stress and to save myself and my family.
‘I am not a bad child and didn't want to do this but had no choice.'
Ms Maylin said he also kept what he called a ‘diary of evil' which detailed the attacks as well as a document listing his dreams which included dreams of violence against women and of killing.
Describing the attacks, Ms Maylin said: ‘Over three days in the summer of 2014, three women were randomly attacked by a stranger. They did not know each other and there is nothing to connect or link them to each other, they are all of different backgrounds, different social circles and significantly of different ages.'
Ms Maylin said that Moynihan used a 4.5-inch knife to carry out the attacks.
She said that the first victim was targeted on June 20 in Southampton Road as she walked to her partner's house.
Ms Maylin said: ‘She was sending some form of message (on her phone) when she heard steps behind her and she saw a man stood really close, he was next to her.
‘She continued to walk and he matched her walking pace, he then turned towards her. She initially thought she had been punched, she was shocked. She saw he was waving a knife, she looked down at her chest and saw that she was bleeding.'
The second woman was attacked as she took her dog for a walk in Hilsea and the third victim was attacked in an alleyway near her home in the Wymering area.
She was to tell police that her reaction was: ‘Bloody hell, that's that stabber.'
The trial was adjourned until tomorrow.
Today is the final day for Chris Babb's 10-day contract and the team is expected to extend Babb with another 10-day deal, writes Gary Washburn of The Boston Globe. Babb has appeared in three games for the Celtics and has averaged 3.7 PPG, and 2.0 RPG while playing 13.3 MPG.
Coach Brad Stevens said he hopes the club continues the relationship with another contract. Stevens also said, “He's a perfect fit for what we need as far as, he's not going to play 38 minutes a game — he's going to come in, get open shots, hopefully knock those open shots down, play off of other people, and then be a feisty defender for us. He really is an outstanding defender for a young guy.”
Babb went undrafted in 2013, but played in the summer league for the Suns. He then signed with the Celtics on September 30th, 2013, but was subsequently waived by the team on October 26th. He joined the Red Claws on October 31st. Babb played in 32 games for the Red claws this season, and averaged 11.9 PPG, 6.1 RPG, 3.3 APG, and 1.2 SPG, while logging 37.5 MPG. He signed his initial 10-day contract with the Celtics on February 28th.
Kurdish fighters of the YPG and YPJ, who participate in the SDF operations in northern Aleppo, are seen gathered near the Tishreen Dam after liberating it from ISIS militants. Photo: ARA News
Islamic State executes eight of its own militants on charges of ‘high treason'
ARA News
KOBANE – The United States will not need any Russian support to take Raqqa from ISIS, and will only work with the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), the US State Department spokesman said in response to comments made by the Russian Foreign Minister.
Russian FM Sergey Lavrov has said that Moscow would like to coordinate with the U.S. coalition and the Kurds in the offensive to take northern Raqqah from the Islamic State (ISIS).
However, the US made clear that they only want to work with the Russians for Geneva's Syrian peace talks and to implement a ceasefire on the ground in Aleppo and Damascus to stop the killing and move towards elections and a transitional government in Syria.
“I would just say that right now, first and foremost, we're focused on engaging with Russia in terms of upholding and strengthening the cessation of hostilities, and we believe it's important that Russia focus on ensuring that all parties live up to the commitments that they've made and that Russia uses its influence on the Assad regime to, again, to uphold the ceasefire,” US State Department Deputy Spokesperson Mark Toner said on Tuesday.
“[Regarding Raqqa] we do continue to work and support the efforts of the Syrian Democratic Forces to retake territory from Daesh and further isolate its transportation, communications, supply routes into Raqqa in order to really choke off their hold on that city,” he said, using an acronym for ISIS.
Moreover, the US government does not believe that the Assad-regime is really fighting ISIS.
“Our only objection is that far too often we've seen the [Assad] government claim to be hitting ISIS targets, and in fact, they're hitting opposition groups who are part of the cessation of hostilities for strategic gain for – to hit their supply lines, whatever the rationale is behind it,” Toner said.
Moreover, the US State Department's spokesman said that the Syrian regime has carried out unspeakable violence against its citizens for the past five years although they liberated Palmyra from ISIS. “If you want to go over and categorize and catalog all those unspeakable acts, I'm happy to do that. But let me finish. What I did say is that Daesh/ISIL is a common enemy,” he stated.
Speaking to ARA News, Salih Gheddo, leader of the Kurdish Democratic Left Party, said that the Russian government is not interested in Kurds.
“The goal of Russia is to help the Syrian regime. They want to speak good about Kurds, because of their growing problems with Turkey over the last six months,” Gheddo said.
However, the Kurdish official believes that the Kurds still should have relations with the Russian government.
“If we have good relations with Russia it's better, because they play a big role in Syria,” he said.
In the meantime, senior Kurdish leader from the TEV-DEM party Abdulselam Mohammed told ARA News the goal of Russia is not to help Kurds.
“Russia is a friend of the Assad regime and Iran, it's not our friend,” he said. “If Syrians sit together, they can decide their own future,” he added.
Nevertheless, the Syrian Kurds are worried that America only wants to use the Kurds to fight the Islamic State, and not to recognize their political rights.
The Kurds hope that in the future, the Americans will help them to become part of the peace talks as an independent delegation.
Reporting by: Wladimir van Wilgenburg
Source: ARA News
An internal Clinton Foundation “Governance Review” memorandum uncovered in the recent email releases from Wikileaks appears to confirm many of the suspicions critics of the global charity have raised for years. By 2012, the Clinton Foundation had become dominated by loyal Clinton “insiders” that had failed to implement even the most basic oversight protections charities are required to have in place — especially in dealing with conflicts of interest.
The review was conducted at the end of 2011 by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, a law firm based in New York. According to the memorandum, the law firm was hired to “conduct a decadal governance review of the William J. Clinton Foundation (the “Foundation”) and its relationship with its affiliates (collectively, the “Charities”).” The law firm interviewed employees, corporate officers, and members of the Foundation's Board of Directors in the course of its review. Afterwards, the law firm released a devastating set of findings and recommendations that paint a brutal portrait of a multi-million dollar tax-exempt organization without proper leadership or direction.
The memorandum describes how a “knowledgeable, committed board of directors is the strongest protector of a charitable organization's accountability to the law, its donors, consumers of its products and services, and the public.”
Yet, the review's findings appear to show the Clinton Foundation Board was failing miserably in upholding even its most general duties. Despite rules requiring at least two formal board meetings per year, the Foundation board held one meeting that did not cover strategic or budget planning. The Board often failed to sign the meeting minutes and even used “cloned” minutes from year to year. In addition, the review found the Board lacked strategic oversight and had “not engaged in any succession planning and has not discussed the Foundation's sustainability if the President is no longer involved.”
The Foundation Board was equally bad, if not worse, with its financial oversight duties.
According to the memorandum, one of the most important duties of the Board is to set and supervise the compensation of the CEO. Yet, the Foundation Board had no role in setting the compensation of the Foundation CEO.
“The Board does not appear to supervise, set compensation for, or evaluate the CEO,” the memorandum states. “Although the Governance Policy requires that the CEO's performance be formally evaluated every two years, we believe the last formal evaluation may have occurred in 2007. The Board does not appear to set the CEO's salary.”
Perhaps the most serious matter raised in the review is that the Foundation Board had not implemented or followed its own policy for conflict of interest — even after they became aware of potential conflicts.
“The Foundation indicated on its 2010 Form 990 that it has a written conflict-of- interest policy, requires annual disclosure of potential conflicts of interest, and monitors and enforces compliance with the policy,” the memorandum states. “However, we did not find evidence of that enforcement.”
The memorandum also states, “In addition, some interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts.”
This arguably suggests that the Foundation Board was aware of some donors expecting to receive favors in exchange for gifts — something that would be a blatant violation of the state and federal laws governing the charities.
In fact, philanthropy expert Charles Ortel discussed this specific scenario with the Daily Caller and said, “This was bright line illegal.” Ortel further described his overall assessment of the memorandum as describing a scenario at the Clinton Foundation that “appears to be a case study in charity fraud.”
READ the Review:
Clinton Foundation Internal Governance Review by LawNewz on Scribd
Everyone needs data. But how do you get it and how much does it cost? Cable modem, cell phone data plan, voice minutes, text messages. Really, it isn't easy to compare these but fundamentally they are the same thing. In fact, I believe that eventually we will just pay one fee for data and it won't be split into these silly little types.
What I would like to get is a comparison of how much it costs to get your data for a mobile device. In this case, you can have three things: data (really they are all data), voice, and text messages. Typically, a service provider will charge you differently for these different things.
I would love to get how much each data mode costs per amount of data ($ per GB). Is this easy? No. Why? Because you aren't charged a rate like this. For instance. AT&T charges $25 for a 2 GB data plan. In this case, I could consider that the data costs $12.5 per GB. However, what if you don't use all 2 GB of data? What if you just use 700 MB during that month? Oh, what if you go over 2 GB? What then?
So, maybe you see the problem. Here is my solution. I will look at several providers. For each, I will take a typical user and estimate how much they use and how much they pay. Then I will make a maximum data use scenario. Don't worry, this might make sense after I do it.
Some Starting Estimates ———————–
How much data do you use? I am really going to just have to take some guesses here. Let me create a typical person (called Joe). This person has a smart phone with the following uses. (I am ignoring multimedia messages for now)
Talks on the phone for 500 minutes a month. I totally just made this number up. Just picking 8 kbps data rate (I know it is actually more complicated than that), this would be 0.0285 GB.
500 plain text messages a month. Let me pretend that that the average text message is 40 characters long. If I assume each character is 1 byte, then this would be 1.86 x 10 -5 GB.
GB. My fake average person uses 600 MB of data (web pages, email, songs and stuff). If you use 1024 MB per GB, this is 0.586 GB.
Now I need a power user. What is the maximum that you could use? Oh, let me call this person Zelda.
Photo via Mike Licht
There are around 43,000 minutes in a month. Can you talk that long? No. Plus if you aren't on AT&T you can't talk and use data. So, let me say this person talks for 3 hours a day. That would be 5400 minutes. This would be 0.309 GB.
How many texts could you send a month? What about 10,000? That would be around 330 a day. If each text message took 30 seconds to type, that would be almost 3 hours of texting. Ok. Good enough. This would be 3.7 x 10 -4 GB.
GB. 5 GB of data on a phone seems like quite a bit. I have a difficult time seeing how you could get up to 10 GB on just a phone. Sure if you are streaming videos all day. Ok, I will go with 10 GB - this is Zelda we are talking about.
Note: AT&T has this interesting data use calculator. Basically, you estimate how much stuff you do and it will give you a guess for how much monthly data that would be.
Now for the carriers. Note that there are a whole bunch of numbers below. If you are allergic to math, skip to the bottom for some pretty graphs.
AT&T——————————————————————————————————-
Just looking at plans for individuals, what does AT&T offer?
Voice:
AT&T offers so many minutes for so many dollars. If you consider this a rate-plan, how much would it cost per GB? Let me once again assume that the voice call is 16 kbps (total guess). This is the same as 1.144 x 10-4 GB per minute. The lowest plan gives 450 minutes for $39.99 ($0.089 per minute). This means that your cost per GB would be (I will call this r v - for voice rate):
The 450 minute plan charges $0.45 for each additional minute. The 900 minute plan charges $0.40 for each additional minute.
For AT&T's other plans:
450 min for $39.99. This is $0.089 per minute or $1,558 per GB.
900 min for $59.99. This is $0.067 per minute or $1,172 per GB (a bargain, really).
Unlimited (let me use 5,400 minutes) for $69.99. This is $0.013 per minute or $228 per GB.
For Joe and Zelda, this would be:
Joe on the 450 minute would have to pay extra (due to the extra 50 minutes). His cost would be $62.49 or $0.12 per minute ($2,100 per GB).
Joe on the 900 minute would pay $0.12 per minute. So, this is the same rate as above.
Zelda on the 450 minute plan would not be pretty. She would have almost 5000 minutes overtime for a total cost of $2287. This is $0.42 per minute ($7353 per GB).
Zelda was also go over minutes on the 900 minute plan. It would cost her $1860. This is $0.34 per minute or $5952 per GB.
Texting:
Really, there are two options here. You can pay $20 for unlimited text messages (call this plan A) , or $10 for 1000 messages a month ($0.1 per additional message) (plan B). So, how much would this cost? Let me break this into 4 cases. Joe on both plans and Zelda on both plans.
Joe on plan A: $1.08 MILLION per GB.
Joe on plan B: $538,000 per GB.
Zelda on plan A: $54,000 per GB.
Zelda on plan B: Note that she will go over her limit. This means she will pay $10 for the first 1000 messages. If she sends 10,000 total, she would have to pay 10 cents for the other 9,000 messages. The total cost would be $910 which would be $2.5 MILLION per GB.
Data:
It seems there are three plans. A) $45 for 4 GB plus $10 per GB over. B) $25 for 2 GB plus $10 per GB over. C) $15 for 200 MB. How much would this cost Joe and Zelda?
Joe A: $76.80 per GB.
Joe B: $42.67 per GB.
Joe C: Here, he will go over the 200 MB limit. The rule says you get another 200 MB for $15 so his cost would be $45. $76.80 per GB.
Zelda A: Of course she goes over the limit on all of these plans. For A, she will pay $105 for $10.50 per GB.
Zelda B: She pays $105 again. $10.50 per GB.
Zelda C: 10 GB of data is 10240 MB. This means she would have to buy 52 "blocks of 200 MB" for a cost of $780. This would be $78 per GB.
Verizon——————————————
Voice:
It seems like their most common plan is 900 minutes for $59.99 and $0.4 for every minute over. Verizon sort of makes this difficult as they bundle voice minutes and text. Let me just go with the above plan. How much for Joe and Zelda?
If you use the whole time allowed, that would be the same as AT&T ($1,172 per GB.)
Joe would only use 500 minutes of this. He would pay $0.12 per minute or $2,100 per GB).
Zelda would go over her minutes. She would have to pay $1,860 or $0.34 per minute. This would be $5952 per GB.
Texting:
I am not sure what to do about texting here. You could pay $79.99 for 900 minutes plus unlimited text messages. So...how do I separate voice and text? Really, I shouldn't have even done the stuff above. Ok. Here is what I am going to do. The $59.99 plan has $0.2 per text message. There I have two plans. How much would data cost for Joe and Zelda (not including internet data)?
Joe Plan A: It is the same as above except that he also has 500 text messages. This would cost $100. Total price per GB would essentially be $5,602 per GB.
Joe on Plan B: Joe's total cost would be $79.99. This would be $2,801 per GB.
Zelda on Plan A: This would be the same as for just voice (essentially). Oh sure, she gets all those text messages for free. Big deal, that is just a very very very small amount of data. So, it will still be $5952 per GB.
Data:
Verizon offers two options. $10 for 75 MB or $29.99 for unlimited.
Joe on the $10 option would cost $80. This would be $136.51 per GB.
Joe on the unlimited plan would pay $51.18 per GB.
Zelda on the $10 plan is just silly. It would cost her $1370 for $137 per GB. Actually, this is about the same as Joe - so maybe not so silly.
Zelda on the unlimited plan would cost her $3.00 per GB.
T-Mobile————————————
T-Mobile, I am going to do something special for you. You have too many plans, so I will make some graphs. First, they offer unlimited minutes unlimited text with different data plans. Since these plans all have the same voice + text, it should say something about the data plans. Let me write the monthly bill like this.
The B is your monthly bill (in $). The r v the rate that you pay for voice (in $ per GB) and the V is the amount of voice data you use. I guess you can see the pattern for both the text data and the data-data. For the first set of plans, voice plus texting is constant. So, I can write the bill as:
Where the C is some constant. Ok, so here is plot of the price per month versus the data plan.
From this plot we can see that the y-intercept is $65.33 and the slope is $5.42 per GB. You can also see that the jump in price from no data to 200 MB is crazy out of proportion. So, the $65.33 must be how much you pay for unlimited voice and text.
T-Mobile also offers different data plans for 500 minutes of talk. This also has a constant for for voice plus text, but it is a different value. Let me call it K. Here is that plot.
This has the same slope, but an intercept $10 less. So, I guess going from 500 minutes to unlimited minutes costs $10. T-Mobile also offers a plan with 500 minutes, no data, no texts for $39.99. This must indicate that unlimited texting is $10 a month.
Ok. Now for Joe and Zelda. Let me just pick a plan for each of them and figure out how much they pay for data.
Joe:
First, for Joe. Since Joe doesn't use that much data and doesn't talk more than 500 minutes, he will get the $69.99 plan. How much data does he use? He has 0.0285 GB for voice, 1.86 x 10-5 GB for text messages and 0.586 GB for internet stuff. This is a total of 0.614 GB. His total rate is $114 per GB.
If I assume his texting is $10, then he pays $537,000 per GB for text data.
From the graphs above, it seems like internet data costs $5.42 per GB. From these two, I can determine the voice rate. 2 GB of data would cost $10.84 and another $10 for texting. This means $49.15 is for the 500 minutes of talking ($0.098 per minute). This is an equivalent of $1716 per GB.
Zelda:
Zelda is going to get the biggest plan. Zelda uses a total of 10.309 GB for a cost of $119.99. This is $11.54 per GB.
Since Zelda pays the same $10 for texting, but uses much more, she pays $27,000 per GB.
How much does she pay for voice? Well, $10 for texting and $54.20 for data then $55.79 for the voice data ($0.010 per minute). This would be $175 per GB.
Home Data ———
Let me also look the data you get for your home network - just your internet use. How much do you use and how much does it cost. I am just going to take stab in the dark. If you have kids and they watch streaming videos, maybe you can get up to 10 GB a month for your home network. Sure, it could be lowed or higher, but this should be a good starting value. I suspect if you averaged all USA home internet data, it would be less than 1 GB a month (since there are many people that just don't stream too much stuff).
How much would this cost? There are so many plans and providers, it is difficult to say. Let me just look at two - AT&T U-Verse (since that is what I have) and Comcast cable modem.
AT&T U-Verse lists internet only plans from $20 to $50 per month. Let me go with the $30 a month plan. This means you would be paying $3 per GB for your data.
Comcast seems to have similar prices for just internet - but I had trouble getting a list. I think it should be around the $2-$5 per GB range.
Fed-EX Internet —————
What if I wanted to transfer 2 TB of data (2048 GB) by shipping a 2 TB hard drive. What kind of data rate would this cost (per month)? Just to be crazy. First, I would have to buy a drive. Amazon has a 2 TB for $80 (shipping weight of 2 pounds). So, I would get this drive and I would transfer my data. How long would this take? If I can get a data transfer rate of 500 MBps, that would be around 1 hour. I think that is crazy (but what do I know?). Let me say it takes 5 hours to get my data on the drive.
Next, I need to ship it. Suppose I want to send it from New York to L.A. FedEX lists a 2 pound package delivered overnight as $103.69. It says delivery by 8:00 AM (I guess that is Pacific Time). Also, not sure about when I can drop it off. Let me just say that the total transit (from door to door) is about 12 hours.
What is the price per GB? Simple, 2048 GB divided by the cost of $183.69 gives $11 per GB $0.09 per GB (thanks @perry!). What kind of data speed would this be? Looks like about 48 MBps.
Graphs ——
This is probably the part you are waiting for. How can you compare these rates if you don't have a graph. First, since the data is all unorganized above let me just show some stuff for AT&T. This is a plot of the data cost per GB for voice, text, and internet data. Since there were multiple plans, I used the ones that gave the best price.
Yes, the vertical axis is a log scale. Otherwise you would only see the cost of texting. Joe sure is getting screwed on texting.
Now to compare all the carriers (and my estimate for home data). In order to make things a little easier, I combined voice and texting together. So, I put the total cost of voice + texting over the data for voice and texting. Oh, there is no value for home voice - I left that off.
Maybe you don't like graphs with log scales. I get it. Let me put this one other way. Suppose you take your voice plus text data that gives you the best rate (Zelda on T-Mobile pays $212 per GB) and the most expensive data plan for Zelda is $10.5 per GB. If you had just $1 to spend on data, you could get 4.8 MB of data. That is like 1, maybe 2 mp3 songs. For the same dollar with the internet plan you could get 97 MB of data. This is like 27 - 30 songs (assuming a song is around 3 - 4 MB).
Final Comments ————–
What if you lived in a house that used water and your water company had a plan like this:
For drinking water, you pay $10 per month.
For watering your lawn, you pay $0.3 per hour.
For water used in your dishwasher, you pay $0.4 per gallon.
This is the same thing. Data is data. Oh, but voice data on the network gets different priorities and stuff. Sure, but you can also do Skype calls over your internet connection. You can do texting over your internet connection with Google voice (and other services). It is possible to only use your internet data on your phone.
Pre-Emptive Comments: ———————
Yes, it is time for my responses to your comments BEFORE YOU EVEN ASK.
At the 2017 Association of the United States Army annual meeting, Heckler & Koch brought out a weapon much talked-about but not seen on a US show floor until now: The HK433 rifle. Designed on the heels of the G36 controversy and intended to add a modern, inexpensive modular rifle to the Heckler & Koch lineup, the HK433 melds the features of the HK416 and G36 together into a single platform. From the G36, it takes its basic operating mechanism, polymer lower receiver, and basic disassembly procedure, while from the HK416, it takes the AR-15-compatible magwell, barrel design, aluminum receiver construction, and AR-15 fire control group.
Speaking with Heckler & Koch representatives, TFB learned several detals about the new rifle that had not previously been published. First, the rifle, like the HK416, uses AR-15-compatible trigger elements, but these are assembled into a pack that drops into the receiver, similar to the G3 or MP5. Second, the receiver is extruded like an FN SCAR, not forged like an HK416. Third, two elements of the rifle were dictated by Bundeswehr requirements: the 45 degree safety, and the AR-pattern magazine well. The safety configuration is determined by the Bundeswehr's doctrine of flicking the rifle off safe with the thumb, and flicking it back on with the index (trigger) finger, which thereby removes the trigger finger from the trigger guard. Also, the Bundeswehr apparently requested the use of AR magazines, though with the same style of magazine release as the G36. This suggests HK433 will not be offered with G36 pattern magazines, or at least not unless that is requested by a customer.
There will be more coverage of both the HK433 and AUSA, so stay tuned!
Matt Lauer's firing over ‘inappropriate behavior' shocked everyone – except Kathy Griffin. The comedian claimed the ex-‘Today' host was ‘on my list for a while.'
So long, Matt Lauer. The 59-year-old news anchor was terminated from NBC on Nov. 29, after the network received a detailed complaint about “inappropriate sexual behavior.” This sudden development left many people shook, but not Kathy Griffin, 57. “Matt Lauer has been on my list for a while,” she tweeted shortly after the news broke. “It's really too bad more Americans don't come to my shows. I pretty much recite the list in every show. Haha. I told you, my memory is long, my friends. I've been around a long time…”
First off, Kathy has a list? And she recites it in her show? Kathy said on Nov. 28 that she had a show “tomorrow night” in Reykjavík, Iceland. Is there a chance that she could jump on a plane to maybe reveal this list on American soil? “I WISH,” she tweeted in response to someone asking her to return to the U.S. circuit. “They're still all too scared. To do a successful American tour, I would have to be allowed back on all of these talkshows where I am currently banned. Like the Today show. Ironic isn't it? I'm soooooo toxic and dangerous;)”
Kathy's claim of knowing about Matt's history of alleged sexual assault — possibly including one incident of alleged misconduct during the Sochi 2014 Olympics (the initial report listed it as Rio, but was subsequently updated) – was backed up by an Australian fan. “[Kathy] clocked him weeks ago in Melbourne…this man had a twenty plus year history of sexual assault and inappropriate behaviour ignored by the system,” @JamesCarrollau tweeted. Katy retweeted this claim. “Proof. Yes I did. Thank you for pointing that out.”
Matt Lauer has been on my list for a while. It's really too bad more Americans don't come to my shows. I pretty much recite the list in every show. Haha. I told you, my memory is long, my friends. I've been around a long time… — Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) November 29, 2017
I WISH. They're still all too scared. To do a successful American tour, I would have to be allowed back on all of these talkshows where I am currently banned. Like the Today show. Ironic isn't it? I'm soooooo toxic and dangerous;) https://t.co/oeRRXWivep — Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) November 29, 2017
I am making my flights but I am detained at every single airport. I am still on the Interpol list. https://t.co/QBKvgSCK5r — Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) November 29, 2017
Proof. Yes I did. Thank you for pointing that out. https://t.co/H2ZTgsNB2K — Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) November 29, 2017
It may take a while for Kathy to get back to the U.S. for any Americans to see, firsthand, who is on her list. After she posed for a May 2017 photo shoot where she held a bloody mask of President Donald Trump, 71, as if she decapitated the current Commander In Chief, apparently losing her NYE hosting gig with CNN wasn't the worst thing. “I am making my flights but I am detained at every single airport. I am still on the Interpol list,” she tweeted. Well, if more details of Matt's alleged “behavior” come to light, Kathy might find she's getting some more bookings by those who want to know who else is on her list.
Are you curious as to who else is on this “list,” HollywoodLifers?
(California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation)
Derrick ‘Bo' Taylor, 56
from Oxnard, Calif.
Derrick “Bo” Taylor wasn't sure he would make it to the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas. His companion had given him tickets for his 56th birthday, but days before the first country singers took the stage, Taylor was 550 miles from his home in Southern California.
Taylor, a state correctional officer for 29 years, was overseeing a team of inmates helping battle a wildfire in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest, in the northern part of the state. Lightning started what was called the Berry Fire on Sept. 12. It burned nearly 1,000 acres before it was under control Sept. 28, just in time for Taylor to make his trip.
He was killed, along with his companion, Denise Cohen, three days later.
“He was a real gentleman,” said Leana Orsua, who was friends with both Cohen and Taylor.
Taylor and Cohen had met about three years ago. She lived in Carpinteria, he 30 miles down the California coast in Oxnard. Orsua said the couple's romantic relationship had slowed in the past year, though they remained close friends.
They flew together to Las Vegas and checked into a hotel on the Strip, about two miles from the concert venue. They posed for a picture, standing arm in front of a Budweiser sign.
On Wednesday, Taylor's son Kyle, 31, said he was in Las Vegas waiting for the coroner to release his father's body. He thought of his own sons, 2 and 4, and his brother's three children, recalling how his father, strict with him, had softened once he became a grandfather of five.
“With my little ones, he was different,” Kyle said. “I'd tell them don't make a mess and he'd tell me to just leave them alone.” Taylor made a competition out of everything, organizing races to the swing or chasing the 2-year-old around the sandbox. “He just liked to play.”
At work, Taylor was a respected lieutenant who was liked by his staff and inmates, who, once free, frequently approached him when they saw him in public and thanked him for his help. “'I got a job. I'm doing good,'” Kyle said he heard all too often.
The son added, “People liked him.”
Taylor was a supervisor at the Sierra Conservation Center, a minimum- and maximum-security prison outside Oxnard that trains inmates in firefighting techniques and then helps place them in jobs when they are released.
About 110 inmates there were assigned to “camps” led by Taylor, who took them in groups to forests and wildfires around the state. They were sometimes gone for weeks or months at a time. While there, the inmates, under the direction of state firefighters, hiked into mountains and forests, clearing brush and trees to create fire lines to prevent flames from advancing. They did not fight the actual fires, but their work was grueling and dangerous.
Taylor had been in charge of such camps for 17 years.
For part of August and all of September, Taylor took his inmate team on the road, hitting several fires in the state. The last, the Berry Fire, burned nearly 1,000 acres over 16 days near California's largest national forest.
“I just met Lieutenant Taylor at the Berry Fire,” one person wrote jn a tribute on the website for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation. “My husband and I were doing laundry for the crews. He would come by and we would visit. He was such a wonderful man.”
Said another: “Unbelievable. If you crossed paths with Bo Taylor you were blessed to have known him.”
Kyle described his father as an easygoing man who didn't take his stressful job home and liked nothing more than to take his grandchildren to the park.
He said his father once told him, “It doesn't hurt to be nice.”
— Peter Hermann
Read more
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool could face Bayern Munich in a showpiece friendly at the Allianz Arena as part of their pre-season preparations for the 2017/18 campaign.
The ECHO understands that the Reds are in talks about the possibility of playing in the Audi Cup in early August.
If an agreement is reached then Jurgen Klopp will be heading back to his homeland and a stadium where he enjoyed plenty of memorable battles during his reign as Borussia Dortmund boss.
(Image: UGCTMY)
The Audi Cup is a biennial two-day four-team competition which is hosted by Bayern Munich. Liverpool would be guaranteed two fixtures against top opposition.
When it was last held in 2015 Bayern beat Real Madrid in the final with Tottenham winning the third place play-off against AC Milan. Manchester United, Boca Juniors, Barcelona and Manchester City have also previously been involved.
Games have been pencilled in for August 1 and August 2 but organisers say those dates are subject to change until the participants have been confirmed.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The ECHO revealed last month that Klopp plans to take his players away on a training camp to Germany following a shortened tour of the Far East this summer.
The Reds will visit Shanghai and Hong Kong in July to take part in the Premier League's Asia Trophy. However, unlike 2013 and 2015, a trip to Australia won't be part of their schedule with Klopp not wanting his players to be burdened with too much travelling.
On Thursday, multiple news outlets reported Stephen Paddock researched various cities to carry out possible mass shootings in. Chicago and Boston are among the cities released. NBC Boston says Paddock researched Fenway Park as a possible location.
NBC News: Stephen Paddock searched for hotels near Fenway Park in Boston, senior official says. Few if any hotels have any view of stands.
NBC reports:
Multiple senior law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock told NBC News he researched possible locations in Boston and Chicago.
At this point there is no evidence Paddock ever traveled to Boston. All that is known is that he did research on the city.
NBC News' Pete Williams said that research may have involved outdoor concerts and hotel rooms overlooking those concerts.
Boston police issued a statement saying they are aware of the reports and are working with their federal partners. They said any further information will have to come from Las Vegas Police.
We hear you, Pink Pandas! We're less than a week to welcome APINK to Singapore for their 1st solo concert here and we honestly can't wait. If you have gotten your tickets, you will be in for a treat because the lineup will be really amazing. For those of you who would like to purchase the tickets, hop over to SISTIC and grab them while some good seats are still available. Good news is, we will be sending some fans of APINK to catch the girl group's concert on March 22nd, courtesy of the concert organiser Three Angles Production.
The rules of our contest are always simple, read on and find out how to win tickets to APINK's 1st Concert in Singapore!
Details of APINK Pink Paradise in Singapore 2015
Date: March 22nd, 2015 (Sunday)
Venue: The Max Pavilion
Time: 6PM
Ticket Pricings: (Exclude SISTIC booking fee)
– Cat 1 Mosh Pit A or B: S$288
– Cat 2: S$228
– Cat 3: S$208
– Cat 4: S$168
– Cat 5: S$128
– Cat 6: S$98
Ticket Sales Channel: SISTIC
WIN tickets to APINK Pink Paradise in Singapore 2015
We will be giving away a total of 3 pairs of tickets (Cat 3 or 4) to 3 Super Fans of APINK!
Terms & Conditions
1) Be sure to follow us on Twitter (@HallyuSG) and Facebook (fb.me/hallyusg)
2) Click on the ‘Share' button below this post
3) Leave a comment under this post with your shared URL(s)
4) Subscribe to our E-Newsletter (HERE) to double up your winning chance!
Multiple entries are welcomed, so start clicking and sharing away! But no spamming please. You know the rules. 😉 Share the post via Twitter/Facebook/Tumblr/other available platforms, but just remember to copy and paste your shared URL(s) under this post so that we can keep a lookout! Don't forget to unprivate your social accounts in order for us to contact you if you're one of the selected winners. Contest will end on 18th March, 23:59hrs and winners will be announced on the following day via our social media accounts.
Disclaimer: HallyuSG reserves the right to select the final winners, irregardless of which platform(s) the posts were shared.
For more information of APINK Pink Paradise in Singapore 2015, check out our previous post HERE or visit https://www.facebook.com/ThreeAngles.
HallyuSG is proud to be the Official Supporting Online Media Partner for APINK Pink Paradise in Singapore 2015.
Stay Connected to our Channels:
Website: http://www.hallyusg.net
Twitter: https://twitter.com/hallyusg
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/hallyusg
Instagram: http://instagram.com/hallyusg
Youtube: http://youtube.com/user/hallyusg
{NEW} Subscribe to our E-Newsletter: http://eepurl.com/UtNm1
Russia warned Western countries against imposing more sanctions on Moscow, saying such threats show the West is opposed to following through on a truce for eastern Ukraine.
Both the United States and some leaders in Europe have threatened to impose tougher sanctions against Moscow if it does not stop supporting pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Thursday called those threats an attempt to "deflect attention" from the need to follow through on the terms of a cease-fire, which has only recently begun to take hold.
"Behind these calls are hidden the lack of desire of these actors - the corresponding countries, organizations, the United States, the European Union - to achieve what was laid out in the Minsk agreements," Lavrov said at a news conference.
Weapons withdrawal
Also on Thursday, Ukrainian troops have begun withdrawing artillery from a frontline eastern village near the devastated town of Debaltseve, under the watchful eye of European monitors overseeing a cease-fire deal reached earlier this month.
Military officials on Thursday showed reporters from the Reuters news agency trucks towing 100-millimeter guns from the village of Paraskoviyvka, as Kyiv acknowledged a marked reduction in rebel attacks in the past three days.
For a second straight day on Thursday, Ukraine's military officials reported no combat fatalities in the regions near the Russian border, boosting prospects that an internationally brokered truce reached February 12 will hold. Kyiv authorities, however, said its withdrawal timetable could be adjusted if army positions are attacked.
Meanwhile, Russian gas giant Gazprom said Thursday it would exempt gas supplies to rebel-held areas in eastern Ukraine from its main contract with Ukrainian Naftogaz.
On Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Gazprom CEO Alexei Mille both said Russia would stop exporting natural gas to Ukraine unless it received prepayment from Kyiv for energy supplies.
Gazprom spokesman Sergei Kupriyanov told the Rossiya-24 TV channel Ukraine had prepaid for Russian gas until the end of the week.
Putin also said that Gazprom was ready to cut off gas supplies to Kyiv, which could disrupt deliveries to Europe, which gets about 40 percent of its natural gas from Russia via Ukraine.
Cease-fire to be respected
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said Thursday that he welcomed "the recent indications of reduced fighting in Ukraine" and hoped the cease-fire "now is finally going to be respected."
However, he said Russia must stop supporting the separatists in eastern Ukraine, saying that in recent months it has transferred "over 1,000 pieces of equipment -- tanks, artillery and advanced air defense systems" into rebel-held territory in Ukraine.
At his news conference Thursday, Lavrov accused the West of putting forward "ridiculous" demands. "Everyone understands perfectly well that there are no ideal truces and ideal cease-fires," he said.
The war of words between Russian and Western officials has intensified over the past week, with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry accusing Moscow of engaging in "the most overt and extensive propaganda exercise that I've seen since the very height of the Cold War."
The U.S. and its European allies accuse Russia of sending arms and fighters across the border to assist the rebels. Russia denies this accusation, saying the fighters are volunteers.
White House officials say they are still considering arming the Ukrainian army, which has at times been outgunned by the separatists.
Abstract
This document is the second edition of version 1.1 of XHTML Modularization, an abstract modularization of XHTML and implementations of the abstraction using XML Document Type Definitions (DTDs) and XML Schemas. This modularization provides a means for subsetting and extending XHTML, a feature needed for extending XHTML's reach onto emerging platforms. This specification is intended for use by language designers as they construct new XHTML Family Markup Languages. This specification does not define the semantics of elements and attributes, only how those elements and attributes are assembled into modules, and from those modules into markup languages. This update includes several minor updates to provide clarifications and address errors found in version 1.1.
Status of This Document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication. Other documents may supersede this document. A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This document is a W3C Recommendation. It supersedes the previous edition of XHTML Modularization 1.1. It reflects minor corrections to ensure consistency among various markup languages that rely upon XHTML Modularization. Most significant among these are:
Changing the datatype of the class attribute so that it permits an empty value - historically the class attribute was permitted to be empty. Moving the name attribute for the form and img elements out of the legacy module and into their base modules - this attribute is required for some scripting constructs. Changing the datatype for the usemap attribute from IDREF to URIREF - most user agents require that map references be relative URIs that are local to the document.
Due to the nature of XHTML Modularization, the decision to advance to Proposed Edited Recommendation did not involve new implementation information. Previous implementation experience is documented at http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/2008/xhtml-m12n-11-implementation.html. A version that shows the specific changes from that Recommendation is available in diff-marked form. A disposition of comments document is available.
This document has been reviewed by W3C Members, by software developers, and by other W3C groups and interested parties, and is endorsed by the Director as a W3C Recommendation. It is a stable document and may be used as reference material or cited from another document. W3C's role in making the Recommendation is to draw attention to the specification and to promote its widespread deployment. This enhances the functionality and interoperability of the Web.
Members of the public are invited to send comments on this Recommendation to www-html-editor@w3.org (archive). It is inappropriate to send discussion email to this address. Public discussion may take place on www-html@w3.org (archive).
This document has been produced by the W3C XHTML 2 Working Group as part of the HTML Activity. The goals of the XHTML 2 Working Group are discussed in the XHTML 2 Working Group charter.
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy. W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent.
Quick Table of Contents
Full Table of Contents
BATON ROUGE, La. -- After hours of at times emotional debate, the Louisiana House voted Monday in favor of a bill aimed at protecting Confederate monuments across the state.
The bill, sponsored by Rep. Thomas Carmody, R-Shreveport, advanced with a vote of 65-31. The entire Legislative Black Caucus voted against it.
Carmody's bill bars local governments and municipalities from removing plaques and statues to military figures and events. The monuments could only be torn down following a vote by the public.
"My bill in its current posture is a perfect exercise of democracy. It allows for the people to have their input in the decision to remove military monuments from the public spaces in which they live," Carmody argued on the House floor.
Just recently, New Orleans tore down the first two of four Confederate monuments after a vote by the City Council.
Several Democrats - especially members of the black caucus - spoke out against the Carmody's bill, calling it "offensive."
.@RepKJackson, during Confederate monument debate, asks if Germany currently has any monuments to Hitler #lalege @WAFB — Kevin Frey (@KevinWAFB) May 15, 2017
"In my city, the City of New Orleans, should we have a statue or memorial for someone who fought for my enslavement? Who fought for my disenfranchisement?" asked Rep. Gary Carter, D-New Orleans. "That's what you're saying, that those people ought to be honored and recognized?"
In statement, black caucus calls vote a "disgrace," says it exposed "deep-rooted belief in White supremacy and racial divisiveness" #lalege https://t.co/3TFdNXIKZ4 — Kevin Frey (@KevinWAFB) May 16, 2017
After the vote, all African American members walked off the House floor in protest.
The black caucus planned a news conference for Tuesday morning.
The legislation now goes to the state Senate.
Appeal will be heard in the high court this week against decision to free WikiLeaks founder on bail, on grounds that he may flee
Sweden has decided to fight a British judge's decision to grant bail to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has spent more than a week in prison over sexual assault allegations involving two Swedish women.
A dramatic day in and around City of Westminster magistrates court saw Assange win bail, but then be forced to return to what his lawyer Mark Stephens described as "Dickensian conditions" at Wandsworth prison while the international legal battle played out.
Sweden has decided to contest the granting of bail to Assange, who is being held pending an extradition hearing, on the grounds that no conditions imposed by a judge could guarantee that he would not flee, a legal source told the Guardian.
The appeal will be heard by the high court this week. If he wins, Assange will still have to raise £200,000 in security to meet his bail conditions before being freed. Howard Riddle, the same senior district judge who last week ordered Assange be held on remand, granted bail with strict conditions, including a curfew and the wearing of a tag.
Today's developments represent a small but significant victory for Assange, who is being forced to fight the Swedish sex crime allegations in the midst of a tsunami of controversy after the publication by WikiLeaks of thousands of classified US government cables.
The court drama came as a further tranche of cables was released detailing often futile efforts by the US and UK – involving substantial amounts of British taxpayers' money – to block the thriving drug route from west Africa to Europe. The cables reveal countries struggling to cope with the booming trade while government officials sabotage anti-smuggling measures, officials tip off traffickers and vast shipments from South America pass through under the noses of customs. In one cable the president of Ghana is even forced to ask UK officials for help in screening his own entourage, who he fears could be carrying drugs through airports.
In a packed courtroom yesterday, Assange's barrister, Geoffrey Robertson QC, dismissed claims his client was a flight risk, saying that as a result of the past fortnight's WikiLeaks stories, his face was known worldwide.
Robertson also gave a taste of what Assange's argument could be when the extradition case begins in earnest. He said there was no allegation that Assange had used violence or injured the two women making allegations against him, and said one allegation that he had sex with a woman while she slept might not be an offence under English law.
Robertson said that even if Assange was convicted in Sweden, sentencing practice there meant he might not be jailed. Assange had been interviewed by Swedish police over the allegations on 30 August and vehemently denied any wrongdoing, Robertson said. Assange sat behind a plastic screen during the hearing, dressed in a dark jacket and open-neck white shirt. Asked by the judge if he understood that breach of his bail would lead to his arrest, he replied: "I understand that, your honour."
The bail conditions are that security of £200,000 is deposited with the court before Assange is freed, as well as two sureties of £20,000 each from two named people. Assange's passport must remain with the police and he must not apply for any international travel documents. He must stay at a country mansion owned by a friend, Vaughan Smith, and observe curfews from 10pm to 2am, and then from 10am to 2pm. During those periods the judge said he would be electronically monitored via a tag. Assange will also have to report to a nearby police station every evening.
Smith was one of two people to pledge £20,000 in surety, money that could be lost if Assange were to breach his bail conditions or attempt to abscond. His estate, Ellingham Hall, on the Norfolk-Suffolk borders, is set in 600 acres.
Restaurant designer Sarah Saunders also pledged £20,000 in surety. Asked why, she told the court: "Because I believe he would not let me down – he is a good friend … He will always do what he says he will do."
The court heard that internationally renowned figures including a Nobel prize-winning scientist, Sir John Sulston, and the film-maker Michael Moore were also backing Assange.
But a starkly different portrait of Assange was painted in court by Gemma Lindfield, representing the Swedish authorities, who said that "complaints have been made by two women of a serious sexual nature".
Opposing bail, she said: "The court has already found Mr Assange is a flight risk and nothing has changed since last week."
The judge disagreed, however, and said that since last week police had "verified" the address Assange would stay at if granted bail. He also said that last week he had been under the impression the prosecution was claiming there was no record of Assange entering the UK. The UK Border Agency had now told him it was not uncommon for there to be no such record even if someone had arrived perfectly legally.
Outside court, Stephens said: "It is impossible to say how long it will take before Julian Assange is out. The problem is £200,000 cannot be put in by cheque as that takes seven days to clear. So I have to go around to find cash and have it delivered to court, and until the court has it an innocent man stays in jail."
He condemned Sweden's decision to appeal against the bail ruling: "They are continuing to persecute Mr Assange … An innocent man is in custody."
Assange's mother, Christine, who flew over from Australia, said: "I am very happy with the judge's decision and I thank you all so much for supporting Julian."
Earlier she released a statement from her son in which he said: "My convictions are unfaltering. I remain true to the ideals I have expressed. This circumstance shall not shake them.
"We now know that Visa, MasterCard, PayPal and others are instruments of US foreign policy … I am calling for the world to protect my work and my people from these illegal and immoral attacks."
USA is currently in one of its difficult periods. Ah, regression pains. At least comrade Trump is keeping things lively. Must be frustrating for him when so many people pack the airports and streets in shows of resistance.
Watching Kellyanne rock the Sunday shows has become the weekly Orwell Goodtime Disinformation Hour. KellCon's got a lot to distract citizens from. Seany Spice takes over on Monday and the Elections Have Consequences Express keeps rattling down the tracks. It probably doesn't help that Stephen Bannon always looks as if he sleeps in his car, wakes up to a bag of whiskey and spends the rest of the day showing his dick to little kids, but we're all getting used to it. Everything is so different now! Easily the most interesting time in the last several years.
So interesting, in fact, that the littlest dab o' news will do ya for a good while and perhaps send you off in search of more serene and sublime altitudes. All the reality you can handle will be waiting for you upon return, so if you choose to leave for a little while, who could blame you? Temporary departures from the breathtaking wretchedness of this administration are mandatory for mental health.
Continue Reading
While at this moment, I don't feel the desire to consume cannabis products, I am a stoner at heart, a pseudo wasteoid, blazing up in my mind on a regular basis. That is to say, I listen to a lot of music that gets filed in the “stoner” section.
Also, while I don't worry about the world coming to an end anytime soon, I dig a lot of bands that lurk under the umbrella of “doom.” As a listening environment, the slow and crushing heaviness of these bands is beyond satisfying. Many years ago, as was the great fortune of millions all over the world, I was turned on to the genius of Black Sabbath. From then to now, I have always searched for music that sought either to smash the earth or turn its back to it and plunge deep into the human/alien experience. Bands such as Earth, Electric Wizard and Sunn O))) make some of the best records ever.
Somewhere in the 1990s, someone turned me onto an album by a California band named Sleep, called Sleep's Holy Mountain. There were traces of Sabbathocity on the record, but also an originality and wallop that could not be denied. It was and is still one of my favorite heavy spins.
However, it is the album the band released next that has proven to be a genuine classic. It is called Dopesmoker. You will never forget that title.
Sleep don't play songs so much as build them with deliberate patience that seems like meditation. Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
Originally released in 1999 in an edited form called Jerusalem, in 2003 Dopesmoker was unleashed in all of its pummeling, 63-minute glory, stretching across three sides of a double LP. It is an undeniable and monumental piece of music. The album went out of print for a few years and was bought back by the mighty Southern Lord label in 2012. As the pressings sell through, the label keeps coming up with new color variations, and out the door they go.
Words rarely serve to describe the band as well as experiencing the music. Sleep has to be heard to be understood and seen to be believed. They are one of the most full-on live shows you will ever be lucky enough to attend. While bass player Al Cisneros has a band called OM and guitarist Matt Pike has High on Fire, both bands releasing one excellent album after another, they continue to get together, along with Neurosis drummer Jason Roeder, as Sleep. The band is in constant demand all over the world.
Al contacted me several weeks ago to let me know that Sleep were playing two nights at the Fonda at the end of January. I couldn't wait to find out what it would be like to weather the sonic storm for both shows. There was no way I was going to miss them.
The two shows were what it's all about. With The Melvins opening, it was a perfect double bill. For me at least, it was the second night that caused the serious tectonic plate shifting. After the first song, the familiar opening chords of “Dopesmoker” made the building shudder. The audience roared with approval. How many shows have you been to where people are happy about a song that might take the rest of the night to perform? Sleep has a great 25-or-so-minute version of “Dopesmoker” that they do in concert, which works perfectly. Going from that to a new track, “The Clarity,” clocking in at nearly 10 minutes, was epic.
Sleep don't play songs so much as build them with deliberate patience that seems like meditation. Intros go for minutes on end, picking up momentum and power almost imperceptibly until, like storm clouds unable to bear their own weight, they finally unleash their awesome power. All the while, Al and Matt are at the front of the stage, seemingly hypnotized by the magnitude of what they are creating, as if they had no idea it was going to result in that big a boom. Behind them, Jason drives it with an energy that loses no intensity through a set that clocks in at well over 100 minutes.
Sleep's music isn't for everyone. Unless you like to ride the big waves of sonic attack, you might want to listen elsewhere. However, if you want jams that make a lot of what you've heard before seem completely casual, check out Dopesmoker immediately. Make room for OM and High on Fire, too. Ultimate.
Look for your weekly fix from the one and only Henry Rollins right here every Thursday, and come back tomorrow for the playlist for his Sunday KCRW broadcast.
More from the mind of Henry Rollins:
White America Couldn't Handle What Black America Deals With Every Day
Bowie's Blackstar Is on the Level of Low and Heroes
No Matter Who Wins, America Is Only Going to Get Angrier
Disney wants to own a bigger piece of the streaming pie.
The company announced during its latest earnings report on Tuesday it intends to remove its movies from Netflix.
Instead, Disney plans to launch a branded direct-to-consumer streaming service in 2019 starting in the U.S. and expanding globally.
CEO Bob Iger told CNBC's Julia Boorstin Disney had a "good relationship" with Netflix, but decided to exercise an option to move its content off the platform. Movies to be removed include Disney as well as Pixar's titles, according to Iger. Netflix said Disney movies will be available through the end of 2018 on its platform. Marvel TV shows will remain.
The new platform will be the home for all Disney movies going forward, starting with the 2019 theatrical slate which includes "Toy Story 4," "Frozen 2," and the upcoming live-action "The Lion King." It will also be making a "significant investment" in exclusive movies and television series for the new platform.
The company will also launch its own ESPN video streaming service in early 2018. The platform, which will feature about 10,000 sporting events each year, will have content from the MLB, NHL, MLS, collegiate sports and tennis' Grand Slam events.
To power the services, Disney is buying a majority ownership of BAM Tech for $1.58 billion. Disney bought a 33 percent stake in the company, which was spun off from digital media company MLB Advanced Media, in August 2016.
"This represents a big strategic shift for the company," Iger said to CNBC. "We felt that having control of a platform we've been very impressed with after buying 33 percent of it a year ago would give us control of our destiny."
Netflix stock dropped more than 5 percent upon announcement of the news.
As if late night television needed another liberal comedian, along comes comedian Jordan Klepper, set to host his own Comedy Central talk show that will to take aim at the average American and the “alternative” media. It's called The Opposition.
Debuting on September 25 in the old Colbert Report slot at 11:30pm, the new host will apparently try a new version of the Colbert shtick, as an idiot-conservative and “alternative” news correspondent, making fun of conservative media and their wacky conspiracy theories.
In a press statement, Comedy Central announced “The Opposition with Jordan Klepper will satirize the hyperbolic, conspiracy-laden noise machine that is the alternative-media landscape on both the right and left. The Opposition is the voice of the new America. It is the America that defines its own reality. It's the America of paid protestors, Obama's birth certificate, and the certainty that CNN is fake news.”
Klepper plans to send “foot soldiers … my confederacy of paranoid dunces, who will be born out of this alt-media culture,” to do giggly segments from the field.
Ironically, everything Klepper has said doesn't mention a thing of addressing the “alternative-media landscape” on the left. During last week's summer press tour, Klepper told the Television Critics Association:
“I'll be playing a know-nothing provocateur who fights for the forgotten man and I may, at times, also forget that man…The outsider is the new thing. Donald Trump calls himself the outsider as he tweets inside the Oval Office. Breitbart was the outsider but Steve Bannon now is in the West Wing. Who is the outsider other than somebody who is upset and anti the mainstream, anti-facts,” Klepper said. “That's why we are the opposition. We are not mainstream, we are not establishment, we are not listening and we are definitely not helping.”
Inspired by what Klepper says is the influence of conservative media on Trump supporters, he says: “I watched this normalization happen…They weren't parroting the sounds of CNN or even midday Fox News. Their information was coming from Infowars and Breitbart and The Blaze.”
It's typically sloppy to blur Breitbart and the The Blaze in with InfoWars like they're all the same when it came to conspiracy theorizing. like Alex Jones and Alex Marlow and Dana Loesch are the same thing. But then, doesn't it get disorienting when a fake-news show on a comedy channel poses as fighting fake news instead of making it?
In another interview with KTLA-5, Klepper warned the "fringe" of the “alternative” media has become mainstream and is making its way to the Oval Office: “So we decided that was a world we wanted to explore — and kind of do a satirical news show that sits in this world, this world of Breitbart News and InfoWars and The Blaze who is anti-mainstream, anti-the establishment, anti-listening, anti-helping....We have our own facts and our own truth.”
So what the world desperately needs right now is a show mocking Trump voters as morons who can't handle the truth? I'm sure we can all agree the mainstream media and late night talk shows do enough of that every day already.
Ecological restoration is seen as a key tool for building back biodiversity and resilience in ecosystems that have been disturbed. But new research found that even if complete ecosystem recovery is reached, disturbed ecosystems typically incur decades of lost biodiversity and ecosystem function such as carbon and nitrogen cycling.
The study illustrates that while restoration is crucial to regaining ecosystem function, protecting ecosystems against human disturbance is ultimately the best way to ensure no interruption in these services. The study cautions against pursuing ecosystem management strategies, particularly compensation policies, that exclusively rely on restoration or recovery to reverse biodiversity and functional loss, because they will increase the quantity of less-functional and diverse ecosystems.
The study appeared on January 20th in the journal Nature Communications.
A multi-disciplinary team of researchers, brought together by the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center (SESYNC) at the University of Maryland, analyzed data from 3,035 sampling plots worldwide to quantify the interim reduction of biodiversity and functions occurring during the recovery process. They found that recovering ecosystems had, on average, half the amount of plants and animals, were one third less diverse, and had 40 percent lower cycling of carbon and nitrogen than undisturbed ecosystems.
The researchers included data across a variety of ecosystems that have experienced different kinds of disturbance. Ecosystems formerly mined for resource extraction had the greatest loss in species diversity (32 to 45 percent) and carbon cycling (39 to 62 percent) 11 years after disturbance.
David Moreno-Mateos, Ikerbasque research fellow at the Basque Center for Climate Change, who led the science team at SESYNC, said that the recovery of an ecosystem involves recovering multiple elements, not just plant species. “One of the things ecosystems need to recover are the interactions among organisms. These interactions are important because they are the essence of ecosystem functionality,” Moreno-Mateos said. “For example, the interactions between bees and flowers allows plant reproduction. Although known for a while, this approach has not been pursued so far in any restoration strategy, and so, in most cases, ecosystems today essentially recover on their own, no matter what we do.”
The effect of time may be restrictive in many, if not all, cases. He explained, “We expect recovery to happen in a few years or decades, but in many cases we believe that recovery of certain species or interactions may take centuries or more. For example, how long would it take for the marbled murrelet to go back to recovered redwood forests?”
Billions of dollars are spent on ecosystem recovery every year. The findings of Moreno-Mateos' science team could be of interest to policymakers and decision makers who are developing and applying restoration strategies at national and international levels. “Recovery is slow and complex, but it does not mean that we should not restore; rather we should dramatically increase the investment on understanding what is needed to accelerate recovery.”
In addition to Moreno-Mateos, study co-authors include Edward B. Barbier, Peter C. Jones, Holly P. Jones, James Aronson, Jose A. Lopez-Lopez, Michelle L. McCrackin, Paula Meli, Daniel Montoya, and Jose M. Rey Benayas.
The research paper, “Anthropogenic ecosystem disturbance and the recovery debt” was published in Nature Communications on January 20. DOI: 10.1038/ncomms14163
Media Relations Contact:
Emily Cassidy, ecassidy@sesync.org
(410) 919-4990
About SESYNC
SESYNC's mission is to support synthetic, actionable team science on the structure, functioning and sustainability of socio-environmental systems. The center's five core objectives are to: enhance the effectiveness of interdisciplinary collaborations among natural and social science research teams focused on environmental problems; build capacity and new communities of socio-environmental researchers; provide education programs to enhance interdisciplinarity and understanding of socio-environmental synthesis; enhance computational capacity to promote socio-environmental synthesis; and enhance relevance of socio-environmental research to decisions and behaviors via actionable scholarship. For more information on SESYNC and its activities, please visit www.sesync.org.
Gerasim Stepanovich Lebedev, also spelled Herasim Steppanovich Lebedeff (Russian: Гера́сим Степа́нович Ле́бедев; 1749 – July 27, 1817), was a Russian adventurer, linguist, pioneer of Bengali theatre (founded Hindu Theatre in 1795), translator, musician and writer.[1] He was a pioneer of Indology.[2][3]
Early life [ edit ]
Lebedev was born in Yaroslavl, Russia, to a family of a church choirmaster.[4] Gerasim was the oldest son in the family. He had two brothers: Afanasy and Trefil and sister Antonida.[4] The family later moved to Saint Petersburg where Lebedev's father worked in a church. Lebedev learned English, French and German by his own effort.[1] In Saint Petersburg Lebedev became acquainted with Fyodor Volkov, the founder of the first permanent Russian theater. Lebedev was a singer in the court choir and participated in the performances of Volkov's theater as well.[4]
He was a self-taught violinist and accompanied Andreas Razumovsky, the ambassador designate from Russia to Vienna, as a member of a musical group.[5] He fled the entourage and travelled across Europe, earning his livelihood as a violinist. He soon joined an English military band that was being sent to India. Lebedev arrived at Madras (now Chennai), a port in southern India in August 1785.[4][5] He was felicitated by the mayor of Madras and earned some money from musical programmes. However, the conservative society stifled him and so after living in Madras for a couple of years he left for Bengal.[6]
In Calcutta [ edit ]
The Disguise by an ‘L'Amour Médecin. This double bill was presented on 27 November 1795 and 21 March 1796 at a ‘New Theatre in the Domtulla (now Ezra Street) Decorated in the Bengallee style.' The 200-seat house was ‘overfull' on both nights; but Lebedeff left India soon after, and his pioneer efforts bore no fruit. The Young Bengal generation would act Shakespeare at David Hare Academy and the Oriental Seminary. Inevitably, the New Bengalis came to conceive the idea of a new Bengali theatre. Interestingly though, the first Bengali plays had been staged well before this, not by a Bengali but by a remarkable Russian scholar-adventurer, Gerasim Lebedeff (1749-1818). With the help of his Bengali tutor Goloknath Das, he made free adaptations ofby an ‘ M. Jodrelle ' and Molière 's. This double bill was presented on 27 November 1795 and 21 March 1796 at a ‘New Theatre in the Domtulla (now Ezra Street) Decorated in the Bengallee style.' The 200-seat house was ‘overfull' on both nights; but Lebedeff left India soon after, and his pioneer efforts bore no fruit. Raha, Kironmoy [7]
Lebedev lived in Calcutta (now Kolkata), then the capital of British India, for about ten years. During his stay, he started to learn Hindi, Sanskrit and Bengali from a local schoolteacher named Golokhnath Das. In exchange, Lebedev had to teach Das violin and European music.[3] With the support of a Russian doctor, then practicing in Calcutta, he was soon established as a musician. Tickets for his musical programmes were priced at Rs. 12. Lebedev was the first person to use Indian tunes on Western musical instruments.[8]
Plaque in memory of Gerasim Stepanovich Lebedev in Kolkata
With assistance from local intellectuals, Lebedev founded the first European-style proscenium drama theatre in India.[3][5] This theatre opened in Calcutta in 1795. Lebedev translated two plays into Bengali; they were Love is the Best Doctor and The Disguise. These two were the first performances in the theatre, with music composed by Lebedev himself and lyrics borrowed from the Bengali poet Bharatchandra Ray.[1][9]
The theatre Lebedev established at Domtala (Ezra Street) used for the first time Bengali actors and actresses. The show held on 27 November 1795 is considered the first performance of the modern Indian theatre. At that time there were two theatre halls for the English in Calcutta. Lebedev was so successful that it aroused envy in Englishmen and two of them burnt down his theatre.[10] Lebedev's attempt was somewhat premature, but it proved that a nucleus of clients ready to pay for public performances had already been formed in the city.[11]
He compiled a small Bengali dictionary, wrote a book on arithmetic in Bengali and translated part of Annadamangal into Russian.[1] His dictionary was published in 1801. He wrote to the Russian ambassador in London about publishing Bharatchandra Ray's works in Russia.[10]
However, the British administration was not supportive of Lebedev‘s activities and was annoyed by his sympathetic stance towards the Indians.[3] He also lost a court case against an employee, theatre decorator Joseph Batsh and was broken financially.[4] Finally, the British authorities expelled him from India in 1797. He was virtually bankrupt, possessing only a small bag of belongings valued at Rs. 295. He was forced to stay a few months in Cape Town to earn money for the ticket to Europe.[4]
Return to Russia [ edit ]
Cover of the grammar of Indian dialects by Lebedev
Lebedev stopped in London on his way back to Russia. In London he published Grammar of the Pure and Mixed East Indian Languages[3] which was based on his studies of the character of some of the Indian languages, their sources of origin and affinity with Asian and European languages.[12]
Tablet on Gerasimov's grave
On his return to Russia, he was employed by the Foreign Ministry. He established in St. Petersburg a printing house equipped with Devanāgarī and Bengali scripts,[3] the first of its kind in Europe.[5] He published his second book Unbiased observations on Brahmin customs (“Беспристрастное созерцание брагменских обычаев...”), and prepared two other books but could not finish those due to illness. Lebedev died in his printing house on 15 July (O.S.; 27 July [N.S.]) 1817[1][4] and was interred in the Gergiev Cemetery of Bolshaya Okhta in Saint Petersburg.[4]
Works [ edit ]
A Grammar of the Pure and Mixed East Indian Dialects (London, 1801), [1] or, A grammar of the pure and mixed East Indian dialects,: With dialogues affixed ... arranged ... according to the Brahmenian system, of the Shamscrit language ... Jones, respecting the Shamscrit alphabet
(London, 1801), or, An Impartial Contemplation of the East Indian Systems of Brahmins (St Petersburg, 1805) [1] or An Impartial Review of the East Indian Brahminical System of Sacred Rites and Customs [3]
(St Petersburg, 1805) or A Collection of Hindustani and Bengali Arias
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
WASHINGTON, DC - JULY 25: U.S. Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) (L) addresses a press conference with U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) and U.S. Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) following a 54-45 vote against a House bill that would include the wealthiest Americans in an extension of the Bush-era tax cuts on July 25, 2012 in Washington, DC. The Senate instead approved by a vote of 51-48 a Democratic bill that excludes the highest-earning Americans from a yearlong extension of tax cuts. (Photo by T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- Senate Democrats will produce a bill next week to stave off the sequester-related spending cuts until the end of December, multiple Senate sources tell The Huffington Post.
The bill would cut the deficit by $120 billion over 10 years to help replace roughly 10 months' worth of sequestration cuts. Approximately $55 billion would come from revenue hikes and a slightly larger amount than that would come from spending cuts. The rest would be made up of interest savings.
The goal, said one aide, is to introduce the bill by Thursday so that it can be presented to the full caucus, who will be able to discuss it back home in their districts during the congressional recess. That date, however, is "flexible."
The contours of the bill are still fluid but two sources agreed to detail the current state of discussions on condition of anonymity.
The revenue raisers would be derived from the implementation of the so-called Buffett rule, which sets a minimum tax threshold on millionaire income. That would raise an estimated $47 billion over 10 years.
Revenue would also come from instituting new rules ensuring that IRA accounts remain retirement funds for middle class earners and not defacto tax havens for the wealthy. The details of that provision are still being hammered out, but one aide said the idea was to discourage wealthy Americans from using loopholes to balloon their IRA accounts so that they can park funds and avoid taxation. Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney was accused of doing just that during the 2012 presidential campaign.
Notably absent from the revenue component of the bill is a hike in the tax rate on carried interest, the income stream for financial managers. Democrats have long targeted a change in that rate but top officials in the party have been wary of tackling it in the context of sequestration negotiations. That said, an aide did not rule out the possibility of it being brought up in future discussions.
On the spending side, Democrats will split the cuts evenly between defense and domestic spending. The details of these cuts are still vague, but an aide said that the non-defense component would revolve primarily around "agriculture savings."
"Everything is still fluid," said an aide, cautioning that the details of the Senate Democratic offer could change. "But the idea is to go into the recess at the end of next week with our position staked out and our caucus behind it."
The senators putting together the Democratic offer include Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Budget Committee Chair Patty Murray (D-Wash.), Finance Committee Chair Max Baucus (D-Mont.) and Appropriations Committee Chair Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.).
Absent action from Congress, sequestration would begin on March 1, 2013. According to the Obama administration, over the next year, the triggered cuts would result in a roughly 9 percent reduction in spending on domestic programs and 13 percent reduction in defense spending.
The cuts "would be very damaging and very severe," said Jason Furman, principal deputy director of the National Economic Council.
House Republicans passed bills during the last Congress that would replace the defense cuts with further reductions to social programs. Because of those bills they have been able to argue that they've presented the only legislative vehicle that can avoid the economic ramifications of sequestration.
Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE has been projected to win the Utah caucuses, giving him a badly needed victory after a string of losses in the Democratic presidential race against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
But Sanders's win, while important for keep his campaign alive, will likely do little to change the trajectory of the overall contest.
ADVERTISEMENT
Utah was seen as favorable territory for Sanders, with an overwhelmingly white population and a caucus process that tends to reward candidates who have the most fervent supporters.
It is the second time Clinton has lost Utah, having ceded the state to then-Sen. Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE (Ill.) in the 2008 Democratic primaries. Utah offers 33 delegates, which will be awarded proportionally.
Mercedes-Benz is giving drivers an even smarter luxury experience and adding some AI assistant power to its newest vehicles.
All Mercedes-Benz models from 2016 and 2017 are now compatible with both Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, taking the smart home experience out on the road.
The AI assistants will allow drivers to do things like remote start their car using a voice command from the comfort of their kitchen or adjust their smart home appliance settings from the driver's seat.
You can check out the system in action in the demo below — just don't get in the habit of leaving your iron and stove burning in your house, smart assistant or not.
Connecting the systems is a bit complicated, though — in order to set up either of the AI assistants, you'll need an active Mercedes me account and an active mbrace subscription. Then, you'll need to link the Alexa or Google Home app with your phone's Mercedes me app, through which you'll be able to use the voice control features.
You'll have to ask the assistants to ask the Mercedes me app to get anything done — for example, saying “O.K., Google, tell Mercedes me to start my car,” will get your engine running remotely. It's a bit of a mouthful, but you'll still have the same smart controls like you would at home.
Mercedes-Benz isn't the only automaker adding AI assistant connectivity — Nissan and Volvo have Microsoft's Cortana for their smart systems, Hyundai has Google Assistant, and Ford partnered with Amazon to bring Alexa to its cars.
The US State Department has announced their intention to transfer over 6,000 guns to the Afghan National Army, worth roughly $60 million, as proof of their “commitment to Afghanistan's security,” and based on an “urgent need” for the Afghans to launch new offensives against insurgents.
The deal is being couched in the same “national security” terms as other US weapons sales to foreign powers, and the State Department has insisted that for official purposes, this weapons transfer will be treated as a “sale,” even though the Afghans won't actually be paying for them.
Rather, the $60 million to “buy” the weapons will be coming directly out of US government grants created specifically for the purposes of getting the weapons into the hands of the Afghan military. The vast majority of the weapons are M16 assault rifles.
It is worth noting that this official transfer presents each weapon as costing $10,000 on average, even though estimates on what the US military normally pays for them suggest they are far less expensive. This overcharging likely doesn't matter to the Afghans because they aren't paying either way, but tens of millions of dollars in this deal are in excess to the actual cost of the arms, and it is unclear why.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Residents of the hard-line settlement of Yitzhar clashed with Israeli security forces as several illegal buildings in the West Bank community were demolished before dawn Tuesday.
The incident came hours after an IDF vehicle parked in the settlement had its tires slashed, thought to be an act of Jewish nationalist extremists. On Sunday, tires on a car of the Israel Defense Force's regional commander were punctured, drawing harsh condemnations from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon and other officials, who vowed to fight Jewish extremism.
Security forces pulled down a number of buildings in the early stages of their construction, as well as two mobile homes, according to an Israel Radio report.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Hundreds of settlers responded by hurling rocks, setting tires alight, blocking roads, slashing tires of Border Police vehicles and attacking a nearby IDF post, the army said in a statement.
The protesters also destroyed a portable toilet and a tent being used by the soldiers, according to a report by Channel 10 news.
The army said it responded with crowd dispersion measures. According to a Yitzhar spokesperson, troops fired tear gas at the protesters and several needed medical attention.
Six Border Police officers were lightly injured in the clashes.
There were eight arrests, the army said. “We view seriously the attack on our security forces, who came out to do their work and enforce law and order,” the army said in a statement.
Samaria Regional Council Head Gershon Mesika called the home demolitions a “price tag” raid by security forces, referencing attacks normally carried out by Jewish extremists against Palestinians as revenge for actions by Israeli forces.
“Instead of doing its job and finding those that are guilty, the security apparatus is hurting the innocent, thus strengthening the extremists and weakening the large majority of Yitzhar residents,” said Mesika.
A video from the scene posted by the Tazpit news agency showed a bulldozer surrounded by a heavy police presence in riot gear.
Yitzhar, a settlement of some 200 families nestled deep in Samarian hill country south of Nablus, is known for being home to a number of Jewish extremists, and for frequent clashes with local Palestinians and, at times, with Israeli forces.
On Sunday, a settlement spokesperson tied the tire slashing attack on regional commander Col. Yoav Yarom, the second in three months, to the recent demolition of a home there.
“We cannot ignore the significant proximity to the criminal destruction of the Lazar family's home, and the subsequent uproar,” he said. “Across from the commander's airless tires stands a house, destroyed and ruined,” he added.
A teen from the settlement was arrested in Jerusalem Monday in connection with the tire slashing.
On Tuesday night, the Diamondbacks acquired Shelby Miller to upgrade their rotation. The cost of the acquisition, however, led most people — myself included — to conclude that not only did the team pay an exorbitant cost relative to pursuing other options on the market, but that it's not even clear that the team improved on the field for 2016, given the loss of a quality Major League outfielder in the deal. As has been the case with several other recent moves Arizona has made of late, the reaction to the deal has been extremely negative. But has it been too one-sided and over the top?
Any time the public reaction is this slanted in one direction, it's reasonable to ask what we we may be missing. We don't have to ascribe to the idea of perfectly rational actors in every front office to accept the fact that teams have more and better information than we do, and when there's a big disconnect between what we see and what they see, we should at least consider the possibility that they know more than we do. And when we look back at the recent history of unpopular transactions, there's a decent amount of evidence that the magnitude of the criticism looks a bit silly in retrospect.
The most obvious comparison to this kind of prospect-for-pitcher trade backlash is the James Shields trade; in the aftermath of that deal, my post about the trade began “Royals Mortgage Future to Be Mediocre in 2013.” And while the Royals did indeed fail to reach the postseason in their first year with Shields, he helped them make a World Series run in 2014, and then they managed to win the whole thing this year, capping off a strong three year run that has revitalized baseball in Kansas City. With the benefit of hindsight, I certainly could have been a bit more nuanced with my opinion on that trade.
Of course, sometimes, teams really do make lousy moves, and the public reaction at the time is born out by the performances that follow. The Erik Bedard trade actually was a disaster for the Mariners. The Vernon Wells trade saddled the Angels with a bad player and a large salary, while Mike Napoli ended up starting for their division rival, propelling them to the World Series. The Mets came to quickly regret trading Scott Kazmir for Victor Zambrano. It isn't that every time the public freaks out about a trade, the eventual results justify the team getting vilified.
But it is probably worth considering whether the responses to these lopsided deals is proportional to the impact they have on their respective franchises. To this point, the guys over at NEIFI.co posted some thoughts on the nature of big overpays in free agency.
Let's take a look at an extreme example, the Detroit Tigers. The Tigers, with the bloated contracts of Miguel Cabrera, Justin Verlander, and Victor Martinez, currently have the largest long-term dead money problem of any team in the game: according to NEIFI, the surplus values of those three bad contracts total -$128 million. (The Angels and Yankees have negative obligations slightly greater than the Tigers' $128 million, but they each have significant bad contracts coming off the books after 2016, so their long-term outlook is better than Detroit's). Now, $128 million in NPV is a lot of dead money, double the amount an average team is currently saddled with. But, first, it should be noted that that $128 million is distributed over eight years (the length of Cabrera's contract). That's $16 million per year, or roughly the equivalent of two wins per year in a world where the market rates per talent are $8m/win. Now remember, that's two wins per year relative to the perfect scenario of having no dead money at all (currently, the only team in this category is the Marlins). So what we're left with is the following: Marlins (zero dead money): 1 win per year above average
Average team ($64m dead money): 0 wins per year above average (obviously)
Tigers ($128m dead money): 1 win per year below average That is… pretty underwhelming, isn't it? So the Tigers' albatross contracts effectively cost them one win per year relative to their competition. That's not good, obviously, but it's also not particularly devastating. Another angle to approach this from is that negative assets can be offset by the acquisition of positive assets. The Tigers' entire dead money problem of $16m NPV per year, could be completely offset by the addition of one player guaranteed to produce +2 WAR while making the league minimum each year (again assuming the current market price of talent is roughly $8m per marginal win). Now, sure, acquiring such a player is easier said than done, and free league-average players are extremely valuable. They're not, however, massive, franchise-altering assets. And if they're not massive, franchise-altering assets, then Cabrera/Martinez/Verlander are not franchise-altering liabilities.
While the point is about the limited damage an overpay on a free agent contract can do, the point can also be made — though to a lesser extent — about the damage any single transaction, even a disastrous trade, can have on a franchise. In the aftermath of the Zambrano/Kazmir debacle, the Mets won 83, 97, 88, and 89 games in the next four seasons; they likely could have won more had they not given away a good young pitcher for very little in return, but it didn't stop them from putting winning teams on the field. Same deal with the Angels and Vernon Wells; in the four years they ended up paying him to play terribly for them (or play for the Yankees, and then not play at all), they won 86, 89, 78, and 98 games. Again, they would have done better had they not wasted $70 million of their payroll on the ill-advised acquisition, but even a deal I called “The Most Inexplicable Trade Ever” didn't stop the Angels from contending.
Jonah Keri's book about the Tampa Bay Rays, “The Extra 2%“, spends considerable time discussing the various ways the team's front office tried to squeeze out every last edge and advantage they could find, but as the title implies, even trying to be as efficient as possible only moved the needle a couple of percentage points compared to doing things the way they've always been done. In reality, while we spend a lot of time analyzing transactions and decisions, the change in expected outcomes for a team based on a single move is still somewhat minimal, and in almost every single transaction, there is a significant likelihood that the move could work out in favor of the team making a sub-optimal decision.
Even when the best team in baseball plays the worst team in baseball, the favorite is only expected to win about 70% of the time. And in transactions, it isn't much different; good trades don't turn out well 100% of the time, and bad trades don't turn out poorly 0% of the time. Teams work very hard to move their chances of success on transactions north of a 50/50 coin flip, but even using the best processes based on the best information is still going to result in failed results more often than anyone would like. We don't know exactly what the expected success or failure rate is for different decision making processes, but the reality is that predicting the future remains incredibly difficult, and no one is close to having the puzzle figured out.
That doesn't mean that we should let teams off the hook and just pretend that all transactions have an equal chance of success. They don't, and even good team results in the aftermath of questionable trades don't justify those moves. The Diamondbacks valuation of the relative merits of the Shelby Miller trade, contrasted with pursuing alternative paths to upgrading the roster, seems like one of the most obvious examples of poor process and decision making we've seen in baseball in years. And yet, like with the Tigers big overpays for aging players, the magnitude of the mistake is probably something like a win or two per season. If the team had traded this same package for Matt Harvey or Sonny Gray, the reaction would be wildly different, but the marginal value of those types of pitchers is only incrementally higher than what the team can expect from Miller.
Wins are, of course, highly valuable assets, and so “only a win or two” could also be stated as “only $8 to $16 million per year”, which is a ton of money. The point of this post isn't to say that it's not worth doing the analysis and trying to make as many effective moves as possible; that's literally the job of a large number of very intelligent individuals, people who have dedicated their lives to make as many good baseball decisions as possible. And when a team makes a trade like the one the Diamondbacks made on Tuesday, it's worth pointing out that the move is more likely to hurt the organization than help it, especially when you consider the alternative options they could have pursued if they were set on trading Ender Inciarte, Dansby Swanson, and Aaron Blair to upgrade their roster in the short-term.
But if we think a reasonable return for that package of talent might have pushed the Diamondbacks to something like an 85 win team, trading for Shelby Miller pushed them to something like an 83 or 84 win team. In practice, the expected results of those two rosters aren't so different as to say things like this trade will destroy the franchise, or to make it sound like the sky is falling in Phoenix. Dave Stewart screwed up, and made a bad trade, but the magnitude of any single bad trade just isn't that large.
It's the compounding of a lot of bad transactions that really can destroy a franchise's chances of winning. And it's certainly possible to extrapolate that a team that would make this kind of trade is likely to make more bad transactions in the future, and this deal is not a great sign for the organization's future decision making process. But they still have some really great players on the roster, and baseball remains difficult to predict, so while I'll absolutely stand by the belief that the Diamondbacks gave up their two best prospects in a move that didn't clearly improve their team's chances of winning in 2016, I think we should also keep in mind that the team still has a pretty decent shot at being a contender next year.
This move also opens the door wider to the path traveled by the 2015 Padres and White Sox, regretting their big splashes not too long after making them, but that's not fated simply because the team misevaluated their assets. Baseball just isn't predictable enough for us to say that this trade spells certain doom for the Diamondbacks. One move just can't do that much harm, even ones that look as silly as this trade does.
I don't know whether Rand Paul's ongoing Senate talkfest will succeed in running out the clock on the Patriot Act, or (as he is seeking) opening up a debate and amendment process, but I do know that—just like his 2013 exercise—these have been some of the most invigorating hours on C-SPAN in recent memory.
1) Warrants need to be "individualized," because collective law enforcement is the root of much evil.
Paul's root opposition to the Patriot Act is that it is being used as the legal justification for the collection of bulk data against unsuspecting U.S. citizens who no one believes have committed a crime. His opposition to the reforming USA Freedom Act is that it still allows the government to compel third-party companies like Verizon to cough up 100 percent of its customer metadata.
Either way, Paul has stressed all day, this is antithetical to both the Fourth Amendment and the American tradition of individual rights. Collective guilt is what underpinned the segregationist horrors of the Jim Crow south, and of the indefensible internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II. The people who really need the Bill of Rights, he has said, are not the prom queens and homecoming kings, but people who are in a disfavored minority, whether ideological, religious, or racial.
2) Internet/telephone/data companies should put up "unified resistance" to federal compulsion to turn over user data.
It's not every day that you see a sitting U.S. senator calling for straight-up civil disobedience. But in an era where the Supreme Court has yet to definitively rule on the third-party doctrine governing what intermediaries have to do when requested by the government to cough up all user data, building up a bigger cultural expectation of privacy is crucial if our credit-card data and cloud storage is going to be proferred traditional 4th Amendment protection.
3) "We're using the Patriot Act to put [drug offenders] in prison."
One of the least remembered scandals in the Summer of Snowden is that the Drug Enforcement Agency has been collecting bulk metadata with all the same gusto as the National Security Agency, even though the DEA is supposed to enforce the law on U.S. citizens who are afforded protections from the Constitution. In fact, the DEA has been using the NSA's data. Patriot Act mission creep might not be news to Reason readers, but that makes it no less indefensible.
4) "Government by cliff is a recipe for disaster."
That's a quote from Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah), not Rand Paul, though the two have long agreed about this principle. The Patriot Act expires at the end of May. "It's been three years since we've known this date is coming," Paul said. Why in hell hasn't there been a debate, with amendments, in the Senate? Why does Capitol Hill lurch from cliff to cliff, instead of actually do the job of governing? I suppose this bad habit of mind is good for certain opportunistic politicians with a sense of theater, but it's just lousy for the country. The Republicans run the joint; the dysfunction is now squarely on them.
5) "It was done by executive decree, it can be undone by executive decree."
Paul has continuously bemoaned President Barack Obama's civil-liberties switcheroo when in office, a topic he talked with me about in a September 2013 (bottom of the post). As he rightly points out, most of the actions civil libertarians are complaining about are pure inventions and executions by the executive branch. If the president cares about this stuff as much as he occasionally pretends to be, he can actually stop collecting the metadata.
6) The government is "using records to gain entrance to people, and then tak[ing] their stuff without conviction."
The connection between civil asset forfeiture and NSA surveillance might not be immediately obvious, but Paul has done a bravura job in making the link. A government that can take your money—even if you are never charged with a crime—because it doesn't like the way you deposit it in your bank, is a government that should not be trusted with holding all your seemingly innocuous third-party information.
7) "The Constitution is an end to itself."
That's another one from Mike Lee (who, it should be stressed, is wholly in favor of the USA Freedom Act, which Paul opposes on grounds that it still allows for bulk collection of metadata). Too often people try to locate their defense of the founding document on utilitarian grounds; actually, it's a noble blueprint all on its own.
8) We shoulda listened to William Binney.
William Binney was a crucial, pre-Snowden NSA whistleblower. Don't know who he is, what he saw, how he was threatened, and why he's worried about America's "totalitarian" turn? Read this Nick Gillespie interview with the guy.
9) "The director of national intelligence…wasn't telling the truth."
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper famously lied to Congress under oath about the collection of bulk metadata on millions of Americans. All afternoon, Rand Paul has used the word "lied" to describe what Clapper did. It is bracing to watch government misbehavior called by its proper name.
10) "The presumption of innocence is an incredibly important doctrine that we shouldn't so casually dismiss."
The fact that this has to be said on the floor of the U.S. Senate is appalling. The fact that it is being said at least offers a little hope.
Reason on Rand Paul here.
London- Robert Ford, the last US ambassador to Syria from 2011 to 2014, said that his country gave the Syrian people a “false hope” when US officials offered protesters and demonstrators promises that were not later met.
In an interview with Asharq Al-Awsat newspaper from London, Ford said a visit he made to the Syrian city of Hama in June 2011 aimed to identify which side was first inciting violence.
“We received information that Hama was besieged and that the Syrian army surrounded the city. We were worried that violence could erupt during demonstrations staged the next day. I went on a Thursday to witness which party would incite violence,” he said.
His visit also carried a message to the Syrian regime that Washington was taking the matter in Hama very seriously.
However, Ford said that at the time of his visit, his country gave “false hope” to Syrian protesters who were convinced that Washington was going to support them and intervene military, at a time when the US was actually seeking a solution through negotiations.
“At the end of 2013, I thought that the war would be hard on the regime, which will be forced to negotiate a deal” to form a coalition government with opposition forces and independent figures, the ambassador said.
He added: “My biggest mistake was that I did not expect Iran and Hezbollah to send thousands of fighters in support of (head of the Syrian regime Bashar) Assad.”
Ford, who had left Damascus in 2012, also said that Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov deceived his US counterpart John Kerry during the chemical deal forged at the end of 2013, and that he was treating him like a child.
Following a fatal chemical attack in 2013, Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons under a deal brokered by Russia and the US when it joined the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. But, questions remained whether Damascus had then declared everything in its chemical weapon program.
Ford also said that Kurds would pay the heavy price for trusting the Americans, adding that the US Army was only using Kurds to fight ISIS. “Washington would not ask the US Army to defend West Kurdistan as an independent district in future Syria,” Ford said.
I started to develop an idea of doing a graphic novel but realised quite quickly that the sheer amount of work involved in producing that many images would require years of work (and I didn't even have a fully completed story at that point). Instead I've decided to illustrate scenes in the story as they occur to me as a way of stimulating inspiration, including doing character and scene concepts...I may even attempt story pages if the mood takes me...It's just a way of developing new ideas and skills and keeping my imagination active, set in the same universe but not necessarily with a linear narrative, and it's just for fun.
I'm going with the overall title of 'Archon' and it's gritty, dark and possibly mildly erotic sci-fi for the most part, and starts on the Long Haul Freighter the Texas Rose, which is the image above. Not really done a full blown space scene before so please forgive if it's a little rough around the edges.
I've completed 10 images that I'm happy with so far so will post the rest soon.
Thanks for looking and hope you like it.
A 24-year-old man from Illinois has been accused by federal prosecutors of being the spokesman for AlphaBay , the now-defunct online drug marketplace.
On Wednesday, Ronald L. Wheeler III of Streamwood, Illinois, was charged in federal court in Atlanta with "conspiracy to commit access device fraud," according to the Associated Press.
The hearing comes months after federal officials announced the closure of the site in July 2017 and confirmed the recent death of Canadian citizen Alexandre Cazes, who they said was the Thailand-based mastermind behind AlphaBay. At the time, authorities also distributed a criminal indictment against Cazes from the Eastern District of California on numerous conspiracy and drug trafficking charges.
A handful of other prosecutions against other AlphaBay-affiliated suspects nationwide are underway. Wheeler appeared in court and pleaded not guilty. He was released on bond, according to the AP.
Prosecutors said that Wheeler operated online under the names "Trappy" and "Trappy-Pandora." He is said to have served as AlphaBay's "public relations specialist" beginning in May 2015, mediating sales disputes and promoting AlphaBay online, including on Reddit.
In August 2017, some users on /r/DarkNetMarkets believed that Trappy was "next to be busted."
Want to download the latest Engadget Show from the iTunes Store on your Mac or PC? Well, you probably can't -- right now, at least. That section appears to be down for most of us at the moment, with the Podcasts tab presenting a "not enough memory available" error message on each click. We've confirmed the error on iTunes 10.2.1 and 10.2.2.12 -- the latest version -- and aren't able to get past the home page. We're sure Cupertino is working on a fix, but you may need to put your podcast obsession on hold, or jump on your iOS device for all that tech talk in the meantime.
Update: We're also unable to download apps from both the Mac and iOS App Stores. After clicking to download an app in iOS, it appears on the home screen briefly, then disappears. We're also prompted to re-enter passwords with each attempt, so this may be related to an authentication issue. Jump past the break for the App Store error.
Update 2: The outage extends to all iTunes Store content, including music, movies, TV shows -- the works. Time to go out and enjoy the sunshine?
Update 3: As of 3:15pm ET things look to be up and operational again. You may now recommence stuffing your devices with datas.
[Thanks, Jeff]
MILAN (Reuters) - A former CIA station chief received a seven-year jail sentence on Friday for the kidnap of an Egyptian Muslim cleric during the U.S. government's “war on terror” waged by former president George W. Bush.
A Milan appeals court also handed down two six-year sentences to two American officials for the same crime, the first of so-called “extraordinary rendition” operations organized by the United States.
The cleric, an Egyptian imam known as Abu Omar, was snatched from a Milan street and flown to Egypt for interrogation, where he says he was tortured for seven months. He was resident in Italy at the time of the abduction.
Former Rome CIA station chief Jeffrey Castelli and the two other defendants were tried in their absence and are unlikely to serve their sentences, but they will be unable to travel to Europe without risking arrest.
The CIA declined a request for comment.
Castelli was among 26 U.S. nationals indicted by Italian authorities for their involvement in the 2003 kidnap. The judgment overturned a previous ruling by a lower court, which acquitted the three on grounds of diplomatic immunity.
Last September Italy's highest court upheld guilty verdicts on 22 CIA agents and one Air Force pilot for the kidnapping.
In that case, all of the Americans were sentenced to seven years' jail except former CIA Milan station chief Robert Seldon Lady, who was handed a nine-year sentence.
The new ruling may boost attempts to shed light on heavy-handed CIA tactics during the administration of President Bush and was welcomed by human rights group Amnesty International.
“Many European governments are deeply implicated in the rendition and secret detention program and any court attempting to find out the truth about these practices is welcomed,” Amnesty's Expert on Counterterrorism and Human Rights, Julia Hall, said.
In December a landmark European Court of Human Rights ruling found a German car salesman, Khaled El-Masri, was an innocent victim of torture and abuse by U.S. authorities, and condemned the CIA “rendition” program that seized him in Macedonia and secretly flew him to Afghanistan for interrogation.
In 2007 the European Parliament found at least 1,245 CIA flights were made into or over Europe in the four years after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States.
President Barack Obama has sought to distance himself from heavy-handed intelligence tactics employed by the previous Bush administration and in 2009 vowed to close the controversial Guantanamo detention centre, though he has yet to do so.
Controversy over CIA tactics came to the fore last month with the release of a film about the killing of Osama bin Laden, Zero Dark Thirty, which was accused of taking an uncritical view of torture and rendition.
Abstract Objective: To assess the effect of chocolate on acne exacerbation in males between the ages of 18 and 35 with a history of acne vulgaris. Design: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, controlled trial. Setting: Single-site, outpatient, research, clinical facility at an academic research institution. Participants: Fourteen men between the ages of 18 and 35 were assigned to swallow capsules filled with either unsweetened 100-percent cocoa, hydrolyzed gelatin powder, or a combination of the two, at baseline. Measurements: Lesions were assessed and photographs were taken at baseline, Day 4, and Day 7. Results: Of the 14 subjects, 13 completed this Institutional Review Board approved study. A statistically significant increase in the mean number of total acneiform lesions (comedones, papules, pustules, nodules) was detected on both Day 4 (p=0.006) and Day 7 (p=0.043) compared to baseline. A small-strength positive Pearson's correlation coefficient existed between the amount of chocolate each subject consumed and the number of lesions each subject developed between baseline and Day 4 (r=0.250), while a medium-strength positive correlation existed between baseline and Day 7 (r=0.314). No serious adverse events occurred. Conclusion: It appears that in acne-prone, male individuals, the consumption of chocolate correlates to an increase in the exacerbation of acne.
The effect that chocolate has on acne has been debated in the literature. Although it has been hypothesized that several factors, including body mass index (BMI), hormonal levels, glucose levels, emotional stress, and glycemic index, may have an effect on acne, the role of the diet in the generation and/or worsening of acne remains controversial.1 In 2002, Cordain et al2 demonstrated that Westerners have a higher percentage of the population suffering from acne vulgaris than two non-Westernized populations, including Kitavan Islanders of Papua New Guinea and Aché hunter-gatherers of Paraguay.2 Despite this, few studies have evaluated the effects of chocolate on acne. One study of note was conducted in 1969 by Fulton et al.3 Sixty five subjects were assigned to consume either a chocolate bar that contained 10 times the amount of bittersweet chocolate of a normal 45g chocolate bar or a chocolate-less placebo bar that contained 28 percent vegetable fat corresponding with the fat content in chocolate liqueur and cocoa butter. Both bars weighed between 112 and 114g, although the control bar had 592 more calories than the experimental bar. The results demonstrated no significant difference between the two groups, suggesting that chocolate had no effect on acne.3 However, Mackie and Mackie4 criticized the study for the ingredients in the placebo bar that attempted to mimic the lipid and sugar contents of the chocolate bar. In addition, they criticized that the xanthine content was not mentioned for either bar.4 Rasmussen5 criticized Fulton's method for lesion quantification, as all types of lesions (comedones, papules, and pustules) were accounted equally, thus not assessing the severity of the acne. One other study that assessed the effect of chocolate on acne was conducted by Anderson. Twenty-seven medical students were administered six servings of 39g chocolate bars for seven days. Facial acneiform lesions were counted at baseline and then daily during the seven-day study. Although the methods used were not appropriately stated, the author did not observe a causal relationship between chocolate consumption and acne proliferation.6 Review of the literature in 2009 showed that there were no studies assessing the effects of chocolate with 100-percent content of cocoa on acne. In turn, the authors' study team felt that it was necessary to conduct a study assessing pure chocolate on acne. In a recent pilot study published in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology, Berman et al7 assessed the effect of 100-percent cocoa on the exacerbation of acne in men between the ages of 18 and 35 years. At baseline, the study team had 10 healthy male subjects consume up to six ounces of 100-percent chocolate (Ghirardelli baking bars). Lesions were counted, assessed, and documented appropriately at baseline, Day 4, and Day 7. Statistical significance was achieved when the total mean number of acneiform lesions, including comedones, papules, and pustules, on Days 4 and 7 were compared to baseline (P=0.031 and 0.050 for Days 4 and 7, respectively). Additionally, strong positive Pearson's correlations were calculated analyzing the amount of chocolate each subject consumed and the number of lesions subjects developed on Days 4 (r=0.510) and 7 (r=0.608). This dose-dependent relationship that was found suggested that chocolate did exacerbate acne in men with a history of acne vulgaris.7 However, this study did have limitations as only 10 subjects were included, and the study was not double-blinded nor placebo controlled. Therefore, the authors decided to expand on this pilot study and created an Institutional Review Board (IRB)-approved protocol to analyze the effect of chocolate's exacerbation on acne in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
METHODS The objective of this study was to assess the effect of chocolate on acne exacerbation in men between the ages of 18 and 35 with a history of acne vulgaris in a double-blind, placebo-controlled fashion. To this end, a single-center, prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted in which male subjects with very mild acne at baseline were assigned to swallow capsules filled with either unsweetened 100-percent cocoa, hydrolyzed gelatin powder, or a combination of the two, during a one-time binge consumption. The study team hand-filled the capsules with either six ounces of hydrolyzed gelatin, six ounces of cocoa powder, or a combination of varying quantities of cocoa powder (1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 oz) plus hydrolyzed gelatin (5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 oz, respectively) totaling six ounces, using a capsule encapsulation sheet (240 capsules were required for 6 oz of powder). All subjects were randomly assigned by blinded envelope to treatment dose (2 patients per treatment dose of 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 oz cocoa). Subjects were intended to ingest the same number of total capsules; however, to account for varying quantities of ingestion in subjects, the combinations of cocoa/gelatin in varying quantities was homogenized prior to capsule filling. In order to be enrolled in the study, strict inclusion/exclusion criteria needed to be met. Subjects needed to be postpubescent males between the ages of 18 and 35 years with minimal facial acne lesions defined as no less than one comedone and/or papule and no more than four comedones and/or papules at screening/baseline. In addition, subjects had no facial pustules at baseline, but had a history of acne vulgaris. Patients with pustules were excluded so that the researchers could better attribute any flare to their intervention in subjects who are predisposed to developing pustules, but who were currently well-controlled so that they could demonstrate the precipitation of the inflammatory flare triggered by cocoa, not confounded by another concurrent and pre-existing inflammatory process. Investigators ensured that subjects achieved a score of 0 or 1 on the Investigator's Global Assessment Scale. Subjects signed an informed consent form, needed to have minimal sun exposure during the study, and needed to remain in the South Florida area during the one-week time period. Female subjects were intentionally excluded from the study in order to remove the hormonal effects of menstruation on acne development. Additionally, patients with a history of diabetes mellitus or hypertriglyceridemia, as well as subjects diagnosed with obesity defined as a BMI of 30 or greater, were excluded. Patients known to have an allergic reaction to chocolate, those who were on any medications and/or supplements, and patients applying any over-the-counter or prescribed anti-acne medication including, but not limited to, retinoic acid, benzoyl peroxide, etc., over the past six weeks were not included. Subjects with a history of taking anti-acne oral medication (i.e., isotretinoin) during the past six months; taking drugs known to be photosensitizers, including phenothiazines, amiodarone, quinine, thiazides, tetracyclines, sulfonamides, quinolones; those who used facial topical, injectable, or systemic steroids six weeks prior to screening/baseline and during the study; or subjects currently taking any over-the-counter or prescribed medication for any condition, including but not limited to oral supplements and vitamin A, over the past two weeks were excluded. These subjects were excluded in order to minimize any possibly confounding effects on resultant lesions during the study period that could have possibly been attributed to inflammation from a local or systemic drug reaction. Finally, subjects with more than four comedones and/or papules at screening/baseline or those with one or more pustules and/or nodules at screening/baseline, did not meet inclusion criteria for enrollment. After appropriate screening, informed consent was obtained at baseline. All appropriate demographic data, past and ongoing medical problems, concomitant medications, and acne score assessments, as well as IGA score assessments were recorded on the appropriate Case Report Forms (CRFs). The patient had photographs taken (one frontal view and two photos at 45° angles of each side of the face) using a NikonD70 digital camera. Following this, subjects were double-blindly assigned to swallow capsules filled with either unsweetened 100-percent cocoa, hydrolyzed gelatin powder, or a combination of the two at baseline during a one-time binge consumption. At Day 4 (+/- 1 day) and Day 7 (+/- 1 day) of the study, similar procedures were performed with study personnel recording any adverse events, and medications were reviewed and recorded. Additionally, acne scores from lesions were enumerated and an Investigation Global Assessment (IGA) was performed. Photographs were repeated in an identical fashion to that at baseline and subject self-assessments were documented on the appropriate CRF pages. After gathering data, statistical analyses were performed using a standard student's t-test as well as Pearson's correlation coefficient.
DISCUSSION Despite the fact that there has been conflicting evidence regarding whether chocolate has an effect on acne or not, no studies were found in the literature that assessed the effect of 100-percent cocoa on acne exacerbation in a double-blind, placebo-controlled fashion. After ensuring that patients met stringent inclusion/exclusion criteria, and after significant attempts to remove any potentially confounding factors on the development of acne, this study supported the prior pilot study that suggested that chocolate does exacerbate acne in men between the ages of 18 and 35 years with a history of acne vulgaris.7 However, this study does have significant limitations that must be addressed. The phenomenon of statistical significance in difference of mean inflammatory lesion count from baseline at Day 4, but not Day 7 is likely due to lack of power and small subject size, as the mean number of lesions at Day 4 was not statistically significant from the mean number of lesions at Day 7 (3.2 vs. 2, p=0.150). Although this sample size was larger than the aforementioned pilot study,7 14 subjects is a limited number. The minor transient events of gastric discomfort, nausea, and vomiting are unlikely to occur in patients who consume chocolate daily. Most people would refrain from consuming more chocolate if any gastrointestinal discomfort was experienced during consumption, and this was a one-time binge consumption of six ounces. Additionally, women were intentionally excluded, as hormonal fluctuations could have been a confounding factor in lesions that erupted during the study period. However, by not having women participate in this study, the generalizability of these results to the female population is greatly diminished. Additionally, the fact that only one brand of chocolate was used and no other brands of chocolate were studied limits the authors' ability to generalize their results to all brands of chocolate or cocoa. It should be noted that this is the only double-blind study that assesses the effect of chocolate on acne exacerbation in the literature. Therefore, although these limitations were apparent in the study, it appeared that in acne-prone, male individuals, the consumption of chocolate correlated to an increase in acneiform lesions. In addition, the small-medium dose-dependent relationship observed in subjects further supports the likelihood that the worsening of acne was due to the consumption of chocolate, supporting the results of the pilot study.7 Further investigation is warranted to investigate the specific components of cocoa that are contributing to the development of acneiform lesions in this population, and whether individual subjects' sensitivities to these components or chemicals may be playing a role in the resultant inflammation.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT There is no conflict of interest of other relevant industry relationships to declare by the authors. No sponsor was involved in the design and conduct of the study; collection, management, analysis, and interpretation of the data; and/or preparation, review, or approval of the manuscript.
Footnotes DISCLOSURE:The authors report no relevant conflicts of interest.
Independent developers, or perhaps better knows as “indie” developers, have been getting more and more positive attention in recent years. There are indie devs of all sorts and sizes, some in the form of an actual company and others are just a bunch of people who simply enjoy combining their creativity into an art form. Some independent developers even operate completely solo, be it for the sake of perfectionism, pride or otherwise.
The internet has opened up many doors for lots of things (yes, very specific, I know). With the introduction of digital distribution, indie musicians, entrepreneur graphical artists and lively podcasters have found an accessible and affordable way of reaching their audience. The same applies to the gaming industry, where the independent developer is now able to touch audiences it was previously unable to reach. The support of publishers and distribution platforms (I am mainly talking about Steam in this case) has boosted this trend.
With the recent release of Magicka, the community and its workings have inspired me to write this article. An interesting thing about independent developers versus ‘Big Shot' developers is mainly that indie devs seems to care so much more about quality and interaction. To keep Magicka as an example, the game was released with an incredible amount of bugs. Did anyone regret buying the game? No. Why is that?
The reason – I think – is because Arrowhead Games cares. Never before have I seen such devotion to fix those bugs. Never before have I seen such responsiveness from a developer, indie or not. When I buy a game for £30 or £40, sometimes even 60 quid, I expect at least some support from its developer when there are some blatantly obvious bugs. The issue here is – again, I think – that large developers and publishers have much buffer budget to cover any blows, or have other games in the pipeline that will make up for it. To translate that, they don't care.
Sure, you will probably get your lil' patch after hearing nothing from them for a week. But have they listened to the voice of the players? Arrowhead Games nails it when it comes to feedback, and this is something I applaud them for. They set an example I believe all developers – independent or not – should follow. It's really not that hard to stay close to your audience, no matter how big you (or your ego) get. What separates indie devs from the big guns? Take a look at the Steam Community board for Magicka. It's so alive in there, and it's not just the players.
I think indie development is going to become larger and larger, something major developers and publishers should take an interest in. Because every now and then there will be a small group of people standing out from the crowd, ready to smash the so-called blockbusters with an indie game title. I believe Magicka – still quite a broken game at the time of writing – has sold 30,000 copies in 3 days. Do people worry that their game will not be fixed? No, the community has faith in its development and support. Should Black Ops players be worried? From the rumors I have heard, they are going to pull the plug on online multiplayer. Apparently because not enough people are playing it. Wow, that sounds like a warm embrace from the devs. Maybe they should spend less time on making a COD spin-off every 3 months and focus more on upholding their community. I would be well pissed off if I paid £30-£60 for a game that subsequently gets dropped like a brick. But, it's not like they care… [It's been confirmed that this was just a rumor, and they have no intention of pulling the plug! - Editor]
Perhaps large developers and publishers need to take a step back, observe what's happening in the independent sector of the industry and learn a lesson or two.
Just saying…
MATT Smith gave telly fans a glimpse of more than just his sonic screwdriver after turning into Doctor Nude.
Doctor Who star Matt Smith with sexy co-star Karen Gillan
The moment Dr Who fans thought they could see the Time Lord's willy
Web forums went into meltdown last night after hawk-eyed Who fans said they had seen the Time Lord's willy.[>
[>
WORLD CUP FANTASY FOOTBALL: £20,000 UP FOR GRABS! CLICK HERE TO PICK YOUR PLAYER NOW...
[>
The Doctor gave viewers a flash mid-way through Saturday's episode called The Lodger.[>
[>
As Matt, 27, rushed from a bathroom, a blue towel covering his modesty slipped.[>
[>
It was a “blink and you'll miss it” moment that lasted a fraction of a second in the 6.45pm show.[>
[>
But, within minutes, fan sites and forums were buzzing with claims that Doctor Who could boast of being Doctor Huge.
[>
[>
Cheeky fans posted the exact time of 15 minutes and 10 seconds into the show that the Doctor's lunchbox appeared and urged others to freeze frame.[>
[>
Who fan Rich Johnston, who posted details on a website, boasted: “It is true, you can clearly see. Yes, while millions were watching the football I really did see the Doctor's willy.”[>
[>
Another fan added: “Amazing, it leaves little to the imagination. [>
[>
“The doctor may have two hearts but he appears to be a typical human male in other areas.”[>
[>
During the episode, starring James Corden, 31, the Doctor forgot to set the Tardis controls, leaving flame-haired assistant Amy Pond, played by Karen Gillan, 22, trapped inside and having travelled a week into the future.[>
[>
While he waits for Amy's return, the Doctor discovers there is a house on Aickman Road with a staircase that people go up, but never come down.[>
[>
To solve the mystery, he shares a flat with Corden. A BBC spokesman said: “Fans might speculate about what they saw.[>
[>
“But I can assure them that Matt wasn't totally naked when he filmed these scenes. [>
[>
“He was sporting an item to protect his modesty.”[>
His predecessors would not utter the words, but President Donald Trump did not hesitate to name the enemy confronting the United States and the rest of the world: radical Islamic terrorism.
“We're also taking strong measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism,” Trump said in his address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night, with Republicans and one Democrat, Rep. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), responding with a standing ovation.
“According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country,” Trump said.
“We have seen the attacks at home from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and, yes, even the World Trade Center,” Trump said. “We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany, and all over the world.
“It is not compassion but reckless to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur,” Trump said.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) on Wednesday referred Libya to the UN Security Council for not handing over Muammar Gaddafi's son Seif al-Islam for trial.
"It is appropriate to make a finding of non-compliance by Libya with the court's requests for cooperation and refer the matter to the Security Council," the court said in a statement.
Seif, 42, is the subject of a legal tug-of-war between Tripoli and the ICC over where he should stand trial on charges of crimes against humanity relating to the bloody repression of the 2011 uprising that toppled and killed his father.
Prosecutors say that as part of his father's "inner circle", Seif "conceived and orchestrated a plan to deter and quell, by all means, the civilian demonstrations against Gaddafi's regime".
A one-time de facto prime minister, Seif was nabbed by rebel fighters in November 2011.
Although he is being held by a Libyan militia in northern hilltop stronghold Zintan rather than by any central authority in the conflict-wracked country, The Hague-based ICC said in May that Tripoli must hand him over.
The ICC said on Wednesday that it "recognised that throughout the proceedings, Libya demonstrated in several respects its commitment to the court and made genuine efforts to maintain a constructive dialogue."
"The chamber also noted the volatile political and security situation in Libya and stated that it was sensitive to the serious difficulties that Libya is currently facing."
The oil-rich North African nation is currently in the midst of a civil conflict pitting rival cities, tribes, militias and parliaments against each other.
The UN Security Council referred the situation in Libya to the ICC in February 2011 amid Gaddafi's repression of the popular uprising against his government at the height of the Arab Spring.
The ICC said its move was not intended "to sanction or criticise Libya but solely to seek the assistance of the Security Council to eliminate the impediments to cooperation."
Libyan authorities have been unable to obtain the transfer of Gaddafi's one-time heir apparent to Tripoli from his prison in Zintan, southwest of the capital.
The court on Wednesday also asked the Security Council to oblige Libyan authorities to hand over documents seized in Zintan from an ICC team that went to meet Seif in June 2012.
The team of four was detained and released in July 2012.
The ICC in July rejected a request from Libyan authorities for more time, saying the failure to hand Seif over or try him was "not contingent on the emerging security situation."
The UN on Monday postponed a new round of peace talks between Libya's warring factions aimed at ending months of violence and political deadlock.
COMSTOCK PARK, MI — Two years after opening its doors, Perrin Brewing Co. is readying its first line of products for retail shelves, and the new bottles are being paired with a pointed message to the wider craft beer industry: Don't sell bad beer. “This is raising everyone up, not calling anyone out,” said Perrin's head brewer, John Stewart, echoing a warning about quality control that
at the 31st Craft Brewers Conference this spring in Colorado.
“If people have a bad craft beer experience, it's going to be negative for everyone.” That's the thrust behind Perrin's new “Killing Craft” series, which will feature limited-run specialty beers sold in 22-ounce bottles. The first bottles in the series available to the public will land sometimes in November or early December. It's a significant milestone for the popular brewery, which dove headfirst into the Michigan beer industry in 2012 with a multi-million dollar setup but hasn't yet managed to push bottles or cans through its distribution network. Perrin sold its high-end 36-head Krones bottling line shortly after opening. The Killing Craft series, a tongue-in-cheek reference to the '
' identity disparity within the wider beer industry, is meant to highlight the concern many veteran brewers have with the quality of product coming from a ballooning number of startups across the country. “With so many brewery openings, the potential is there for things to start to degrade on the quality side, and we wouldn't want that to color the willingness of the beer drinker to try new brands,” Brewers Association director Paul Gatza
gathered for the Craft Brewers Conference this April. Stewart, who joined Perrin in 2012 after stints at New Holland and Saugatuck Brewing companies, took the message to heart. He's a Grand Valley State University graduate and Michigan district chair of the Master Brewers Association of America. Unfortunately, he said, some startups push beer through the taps that's not ready for drinking. Maybe there are technical problems. Maybe the demand new breweries experience causes them to rush more into production. Maybe an experimental beer went wrong and the startup needs to recoup the sunk costs. Each series label will have a statement about Perrin's mission "to support and defend craft beer from all threats, foreign & domestic, macro and nano. We will strive to accomplish this by producing clean, consistent and imaginative products.” Stewart, Perrin creative director Terry Vanden Akker and brewery co-owner Jarred Sper acknowledged it's a strident position for a relatively young brewery to take. “We're trying to be very deliberate in terms of our message,” Sper said. “It's not a pessimistic one. It's optimistic once you understand the mission. We're not trying to point fingers. What this will do is cause people to point fingers at us and hold us accountable. That's what this is all about.” Despite the late entry into the standard distribution market, Perrin has achieved an impressive near-ubiquitous status on draft menus around West Michigan. Perrin taps are found at more than 700 locations in Michigan, Sper said, and the company is on pace to make between 12,000 and 14,000 barrels this year. “We're having serious discussions about (standard cans and bottles) in terms of timeline,” said Sper. “We understand it's a viable part of the business. We're making deliberate efforts to get it right this time.”
Previous Coverage
: •
•
Killing Craft is actually the second series of bottled beer Perrin has made. The company sells a new series of 750-ml sour beers only at the taproom, 5190 Comstock Park Drive. Perrin will distribute 900 12-bottle cases of each new Killing Craft brand, Sper said. The first distributed beers will be an Imperial Russian stout and an English-style barleywine. Both will be aged in Van Winkle Family Reserve bourbon barrels. Perrin is waiting on label approval for both beers, which will only be sold in Michigan.
Garret Ellison covers business, government and breaking news for MLive/The Grand Rapids Press. Email him at gellison@mlive.com or follow-on Twitter & Instagram
Enigma Prison is a puzzle game, which lets you explore environments and solve complex puzzles. It's created by a solo artist, who doesn't do programming. The coolest thing about this game is a very fluid gameplay and great visuals. We've talked with Gustavo Rios, who described his production process and explained how Unreal Engine 4 helps him build the game.
Introduction
My name is Gustavo Rios. I am a 3D artist and game developer from Brazil. I started studying programming to make 3D games, but I got frustrated because without 3D modeling I couldn't do much. So I jumped into 3D and arts and fell in love with it. From time to time I felt like programming some game prototypes, but always as a hobby. I kept studying booth arts and programming for many years until now when I finally decided to build the game I always wanted to play.
Enigma Prison
Enigma Prison is a puzzle/exploration game. Obviously is not the first on this category, but I've seen in many games things that I love so much to play with but that could be explored deeper. So this is my take on some interesting mechanics.
I created most of the mechanics in this game through play testing. I sketch some prototype and play. Then I look around to see what I can do there and that's when the ideas come. I made some serious research on how to explain mechanics of a game without a tutorial.
The mechanics will be introduced one by one while playing the levels and you will not be bored by the game feeding you controls or that sort of thing. I am working hard to make that as natural as possible.
Production
UE4 has many groundbreaking technologies, but the main reason I am using it is the Blueprints. It's amazing how fast you can make things work. It's an ideal solution for fixing in-game problems. Epic has a huge history in innovating and pushing boundaries of technology, I'm sure that many other engines and games got inspired by them.
I like to play the levels while I am creating. I use Unreal BSP and Blender to make adjustments if needed. BSP isn't the best modeling tool in the world, but it has two big advantages: It's inside the editor and everything is mapped and ready for the materials and bake lights.
I have so much fun modeling the levels while playing. If some idea does not work, I know right away and I just scrap it entirely.
When I started making Enigma Prison, I knew that working on it alone I would not have time to make complex and detailed 3d models or many complex shaders. But I wanted the game to have cool visuals.
I decided to use light to make the very simple and minimalistic levels look amazing. It took some time to find the style I wanted to follow. I started testing different colors on walls to see how the colors would interact with the temperature of the lights, then the tiles and so on. Cleaning up what didn't work and keeping the good stuff.
Optimization
I have built many prototypes on blender logic nodes and unity with JavaScript and C#. Blueprint felt really natural and fast to program and debug. Unreal has a tool called Session Frontend/Profiler which shows me exactly how expensive every actor is and what is running. I just make sure that everything is running the best way possible and only when it needs to run. Right now even in alpha the performance is very good.
Release
Enigma Prison is expected to be released somewhere between end.2016 – 2017. I plan to release the game on Steam for Windows first and probably some other platforms later.
Gustavo Rios, Game Developer
CA College Student Challenges Graphic Novel Syllabus
The administration at Crafton Hills College, a community college in Yucaipa, CA, recently denied a student's request to remove what she considered objectionable material from a college course on graphic novels. After enrolling in the course and purchasing her books, Tara Schultz was surprised to learn that some of the titles included mature material. “I expected Batman and Robin, not pornography,” she told the Redland Daily Facts (RDF). The four books on the syllabus she found objectionable included: Fun Home, by Alison Bechdel (Houghton Mifflin, 2006); Y: The Last Man, Vol. 1, by Brian Vaughan (Vertigo, 2003); The Sandman, Vol. 2: The Doll's House, by Neil Gaiman (1990, DC Comics); and Persepolis, by Marjane Satrapi (Pantheon, 2004).
The administration at Crafton Hills College , a community college in Yucaipa, CA, recently denied a student's request to remove what she considered objectionable material from a college course on graphic novels. After enrolling in the course and purchasing her books, Tara Schultz was surprised to learn that some of the titles included mature material. “I expected Batman and Robin, not pornography,” she told the Redland Daily Facts (RDF). The four books on the syllabus she found objectionable included: Fun Home, by Alison Bechdel (Houghton Mifflin, 2006); Y: The Last Man, Vol. 1, by Brian Vaughan (Vertigo, 2003); The Sandman, Vol. 2: The Doll's House, by Neil Gaiman (1990, DC Comics); and Persepolis, by Marjane Satrapi (Pantheon, 2004). The course professor, Ryan Bartlett, defended his choice of these books: “I chose several highly acclaimed, award-winning graphic novels in my English 250 course, not because they are purportedly racy but because each speaks to the struggles of the human condition,” he told the RDF. “The course in question has also been supported by the faculty [and] administration and approved by the board.” Schultz and her parents spoke to the college administration to protest the material. Their ideal outcome, they stated, was to have the books removed from all class syllabi and the school bookstore—but if that were not possible they wanted to be sure students would be aware of the potentially objectionable content before purchasing. “At least get a warning on the books,” Shultz told the RDF. “At most I would like the books eradicated from the system. I don't want them taught anymore. I don't want anyone else to have to read this garbage.” Although Crafton Hills College instructors are required to distribute a syllabus listing the material covered in class on the first day of the term, Schultz did not raise her objections to the books until after the January 30 deadline to drop the class. According to the RDF, she “chose to remain in the class to avoid receiving a zero.”
NO WARNING NECESSARY
Deborah Caldwell-Stone of the American Library Association (ALA) Office of Intellectual Freedom feels that warnings regarding content unfairly influence readers. “Librarians have always had a concern with labeling that tends to prejudice a reader against a book,” she said. “We shouldn't need labels that say something might be offensive because someone said so. Everyone is free to close a book at any time.” Charles Brownstein of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund, a non-profit organization defending free speech in the comic book medium, agreed that such warnings are unnecessary, and perhaps students like Schultz should have done more research on the content of the course. “There are already sufficient mechanisms in place for customers, parents, and students to make informed decisions about the material they choose to read,” he told LJ. This type of objection is more common in a K-12 setting, Brownstein said, and is rare at the college level. Following the Shultz family's formal objections, Crafton Hills College president Cheryl Marshall issued a statement denying their request to remove the books from the syllabus. “I support the college's policy on academic freedom which requires an open learning environment at the college,” Marshall said. “Students have the opportunity to study controversial issues and arrive at their own conclusions and faculty are to support the student's right to freedom of inquiry. We want students to learn and grow from their college experiences; sometimes this involves reaffirming one's values while other times beliefs and perspectives change.”
If people can't get to a neighborhood garden, this group promises to bring the garden to them.
A project called Swale has built an “edible forrest” on an 80-foot barge that will cruise around New York City to let people pick their own fruits and vegetables for free.
RELATED: Tesco to Give All Unsold Food to Charity in its 800 UK Supermarkets
Partially an art installation, the Swale barge urban garden will use New York's waterways to deliver nutritious food to the city's food deserts, with scheduled stops through the summer at different docks around the city. People will be encouraged to step aboard and harvest fresh produce for their kitchens.
More than 80 species of trees, plants, and herbs grow on the barge — ranging from apples to arugula to yams — and it's designed to give people a taste of what urban gardening can accomplish.
America's seen a bumper crop of urban farms in recent years from rooftop gardens in Brooklyn to a business developer guaranteeing a permanent place for people to till the land in St. Louis, Missouri. Even prisons and homeless shelters have turned to urban farming techniques to grow their own food and teach people useful skills.
CHECK OUT: Guerilla Grafters Add Fruit Tree Branches On City Trees to Grow Free Apples
Swale plans to launch an IndieGoGo campaign to keep the garden barge project afloat through the summer.
“We want to show that healthy, fresh food can be a free public service,” Swale creator Mary Mattingly told Tech Insider, “not just an expensive commodity, and something that for not much work and effort, a city could supply.”Harvest This Story For Your Friends, Share It…
Exactly one year ago we have published a FIFA 14 calendar that was quite popular due to its extremely high rate success. Today we are publishing a FIFA 15 calendar with all the important dates of this game.
More than 95% of the FIFA 14 calendar dates were right, so you can be sure that the most accurate dates are in this FIFA 15 Calendar.
IMPORTANT
The dates on green boxes are official dates
The dates on red boxes are not confirmed dates . They are only estimated dates.
We will be updating this FIFA 15 Calendar as soon as news dates are officially confirmed.
FIFA 15 Calendar – When Everything Will Happen ?
Demo Launch (XBox 360, PS3, PC, XBox One and PS4)
Note: you can know more about it clicking 9th, TuesdayDemo Launch (XBox 360, PS3, PC, XBox One and PS4)Note: you can know more about it clicking HERE
Demo Launch (European Playstation gamers)
Note: you can know more about it clicking 10th, WednesdayDemo Launch (European Playstation gamers)Note: you can know more about it clicking HERE
17th, Wednesday
First TOTW Release
Note: a new TOTW will be released every Wednesday at 6pm (GTM)
18th, Thursday
Early Access to EA Access Subscribers from North America
Note: only 6 hours of playtime
18th, Wednesday
FUT 15 Web App Release
Note: not available for new FUT players
18th, Wednesday
FIFA 15 Ultimate Team release for mobile devices
Early Access to EA Season Ticket Owners from North America
Note: you can know more about it clicking 19th, FridayEarly Access to EA Season Ticket Owners from North AmericaNote: you can know more about it clicking HERE
20th, Saturday
Early Access to EA Access Subscribers from Europe
Note: only 6 hours of playtime
Early Access to EA Season Ticket Owners from Europe
Note: you can know more about it clicking 20th, SaturdayEarly Access to EA Season Ticket Owners from EuropeNote: you can know more about it clicking HERE
22nd, Monday
First Update
23rd, Tuesday
Official North American FIFA 15 Release (all platforms)
24th, Wednesday
EA Sports FIFA companion app Release for FUT 15
25th, Thursday
Official Latin America FIFA 15 Release (except Brazil)
25th, Thursday
Official Australian FIFA 15 Release (all platforms)
25th, Thursday
Official European FIFA 15 Release (all platforms, except UK)
26th, Friday
Official UK FIFA 15 Release (all platforms)
28th, Monday
First Happy Hour
01st, Wednesday
First Round of FIFA Interactive World Cup 2014
03rd, Friday
First FIFA 15 online Featured Tournament
09th, Thursday
Official Japanese FIFA 15 Release (all platforms)
09th, Thursday
Official Brazilian FIFA 15 Release (all platforms)
14th, Friday
FUT United
Note: during two days
28th, Friday
Daily Gifts & Black Friday Happy Hours
Note: during three days
11th, Thursday
Social Giveaway '15 Days of FIFA'
Note: available until December 25th
19th, Friday
FUTMas – Holiday Daily Gifts
Note: available until January 2nd
12th, Monday
Team of the Year Announcement
Note: available in packs by one week
12th, Monday
TOTY Goalkeepers and TOTY Defenders Release
Note: available in packs for 46 hours
14th, Wednesday
TOTY Midfielders Release
Note: available in packs for 48 hours
16th, Friday
TOTY Forwards Release
Note: available in packs for 24 hours
17th, Saturday
Full TOTY Release
Note: available in packs for 48 hours
20th, Tuesday
First Transfers Updates
6th, Friday
FUT United II
12th, Friday
Biggest Transfers Updates
13th, Friday
CAN Team of the Tournament Release
15th, Sunday
Upgrades Release
13th, Friday
St Patricks Day Tournament
Note: the best FIFA 15 tournament is available until March 18th
6th, Wednesday
FIFA 15 added to The Vault
20th, Wednesday
First Team of the Season Release
Note: TOTS will be released during 6 weeks
8th, Wednesday
Copa America Team of the Tournament Release
29th, Wednesday
MSL All Stars Players Release
Nudists march in San Francisco streets for Valentine's parade
Participants in the Nude Valentine's Day Parade walk down Market St. in San Francisco on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017. Participants in the Nude Valentine's Day Parade walk down Market St. in San Francisco on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017. Photo: Courtesy / Steve Hellman Photo: Courtesy / Steve Hellman Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close Nudists march in San Francisco streets for Valentine's parade 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
The sunny weather worked in favor of a group of nudists who took to the streets on Sunday for the second annual Nude Valentine's Day Parade.
The parade began at noon in the Castro District, with the crowd making its way from Jane Warner Plaza to City Hall.
Nude activist Gypsy Taub released a statement inviting fellow nudists to join in the parade. Taub stated that during this current "climate of hate" the parade is the time to "demand freedom on all levels of human existence":
We want to show the world that we are not afraid, that we are united in the name of love and that we have nothing to hide and nothing to be ashamed of. We want our naked bodies to demonstrate that we don't fight with weapons nor violence, but with our hearts and minds using the power of our spirit and the power of love. We don't hide under military camouflage, nor do we cover our faces nor our bodies out of fear. We are not afraid to just be ourselves in the name of love, in the name of freedom.
The group also prepared some chants for the event, many centering around the theme of acceptance and stopping body-shaming.
"Clothes are boring, clothes are lame! Let's say 'No' to body-shame!" went one chant.
"We got skin, you got skin. Love your body — ain't no sin!" goes another chant.
Taub has organized similar events in the past, along with the inaugural Nude Valentine's Day parade that began last year. She also instigated the nude "Summer of Love" parade last August, which saw two dozen people walk from the Castro district to Haight-Ashbury in the buff.
RELATED VIDEO: Stripped-down march in SF for right to bare all
Taub's activism has led to run-ins with city government, particularly over a ban on public nudity in San Francisco enacted in 2013 (with the exception of events where proper permits are obtained). In 2015, a federal judge ordered that the city grant a permit to Taub and other nudists, after the city sought to block the group from holding a "Nude-In March."
The law, which has re-ignited the deeply divisive debate about euthanasia, would also make "living wills" -- drafted by people who do not want to be kept alive artificially if they are too ill to decide -- legally binding on doctors.
"Sleep before death to avoid suffering," said MP Jean Leonetti, summing up the law he proposed.
Euthanasia is illegal in France but President Francois Hollande pledged in his 2012 presidential campaign to look into an issue that divides a country where heart-wrenching end-of-life stories continue to make headlines.
Polls show French people are overwhelmingly in favour (96 percent in a recent survey) of putting patients into a deep sleep if they are able to make the decision themselves.
This drops only slightly (to 88 percent) if the medical care team takes the decision because the patient is unable.
Eight out of 10 French people would even go further than the draft law, and legalise euthanasia.
A 2005 French law already legalises passive euthanasia, where treatment needed to maintain life is withheld or withdrawn.
But the proposed law goes further, allowing doctors to couple this with "deep and continuous sedation" for terminally ill patients.
The debate on euthanasia regularly opposes those who say the sanctity of life must be respected at all costs and those who believe terminally ill patients in unbearable pain must be allowed to die with dignity.
Health Minister Marisol Touraine has been steadfast in her refusal to legalise euthanasia and an amendment to the law allowing "medical assistance to die" was rejected.
Several deputies -- notably from the Green party and the radical left -- had vowed to abstain in the vote, saying it does not go far enough.
On the other side of the debate, around 20 deputies from the opposition right-wing UMP parties were poised to abstain because they believe the draft law goes too far towards allowing euthanasia.
Nevertheless, the bill as expected passed with a large majority and will then be presented to the Senate, or upper house of parliament.
Editor's Note:
Get These 4 Stocks Before 399% Stock Market Rally!
Editor's Note:
Get These 4 Stocks Before 399% Stock Market Rally!
While some financial commentators got excited by last week's news that existing home sales rose 2.4 percent in July, evidence abounds that the housing market is slowing down.New home sales fell 2.4 percent last month, the lowest rate since March. And the S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for 20 major cities slipped a seasonally adjusted 0.2 percent in June."I never bought into the idea that we had a [housing] recovery at all," real estate analyst Keith Jurow, author of the Capital Preservation Real Estate Report, tells MarketWatch . And he thinks home prices will keep sliding.That's because the number of home listings is rising while prices start to slide. For example, listings have jumped 28 to 89 percent during the 12 months through June in Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Charlotte, N.C. and Riverside, Calif., he notes."If sales are weakening and listings are going up substantially, prices will fall," Jurow explains."Many people waited for prices to rise before putting their house on the market, and they have," he adds. "But now listings are increasing because everyone has the same idea. Unfortunately, May and June are traditionally the strongest months for sales, and these home sellers have missed the peak season."Others agree. "We're seeing more inventories coming online, which is putting downward pressure on prices," Anika Khan, senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities, tells Bloomberg . "In general, we have seen prices rise at a faster pace than the fundamentals would call for."To be sure, not everything is bleak. "Other housing indicators [aside from the Case-Shiller index] — starts, existing home sales and builders' sentiment — are positive," says analyst David Blitzer of S&P Dow Jones Indices, according to The Wall Street Journal "Taken together, these point to a more normal housing sector."
Captain America comes out next week, and the trailers are full of one major selling point: a pumped-up Chris Evans with his shirt off. Will this be the most beefcakey movie about a Marvel superhero ever made? Probably not.
Marvel superheroes have usually managed to take their shirts off at least once in almost every movie, whether it was being made by Marvel or some outside studio. But which movies have the best beefcake? And what do these shirtless scenes symbolize about each character? Here's our complete guide to the half-naked men of Marvel.
The X-Men trilogy
Who gets shirtless? Mostly Hugh Jackman. But he gets shirtless enough for everybody, really.
How many scenes? Quite a few. Wolverine becomes a cage fighter in the first movie, and they don't let you cage fight with a shirt on. It's bad for the cage. Later, when he comes to the X-Mansion, he has to undergo some tests, which of course require him to remove his shirtage. And then there are some battles, in which he quite naturally loses his shirt. In X-Men 2, he actually runs around naked for a bit. And then in X-Men: The Last Stand, his clothing (and his torso) get shredded, but his torso grows back without any shirt.
What does this symbolize about the character? In the first movie, it symbolizes that he's a lost soul, in need of the X-Men's companionship and guidance. He's out in the wilderness, with no shirt, and nobody to call his friends. He's a wild beast who needs a home. In the second and third movies, it symbolizes that Wolverine is being pushed to the limit by extreme circumstances, in which wearing a shirt is a luxury we just don't have. This is serious business!
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Spider-Man trilogy
Who gets shirtless? Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man (Tobey Maguire)
How many scenes? One or two, mostly in the first movie. He looks in the mirror and realizes he's developing muscles as a result of his spider bite. He sort of poses in the mirror and does a Charles Atlas thing showing how buff he's gotten.
What does this symbolize about the character? That he's gained great power, and that his nerdy stick-man existence is over — but that he's also getting drunk on this new-found might, and it may lead him to ignore his all-important responsibility.
Advertisement
The Blade trilogy
Who gets shirtless? Blade (Wesley Snipes), in at least the first movie. Also, Ryan Reynolds takes his shirt off in Blade Trinity.
How many scenes? It's been ages since I've seen these films, but at least one or two.
What does this symbolize about the character? Blade is the Daywalker, the only vampire who does not fear the sun. He proves this by exposing his bare chest, and walking proudly in the open air. Also, he needs to show off his killer tattoos. Thanks to Haenf for the heads-up!
Advertisement
The Fantastic Four duology
Who gets shirtless? Johnny Storm (Chris Evans)
How many scenes? Several, at least one per film. He frequently runs around wearing just a towel, making his finger catch fire with his superpowers. He also gets buried up to his waist in snow. He runs around in track pants, trying to impress the ladies, while grabbing his own crotch and talking about his hot superpowers.
What does this symbolize about the character? He's a reckless hotshot. He's a ladies man. He's a crazy ne'er do well who can't keep his shirt on. He has a habit of lighting his shirts on fire.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Iron Man 1&2
Who gets shirtless? Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) plus Whiplash (Mickey Rourke) in the second one.
How many scenes? Several. After Tony Stark's chest is injured, he has to have a portable fusion reactor thingy put into his chest, which keeps his heart going. And whenever the nuclear battery fails, he's in danger of immediate death. So there are lots of scenes where he has to replace the battery in a hurry, or his battery has been stolen and he needs to find one. In the second movie, Tony gets radiation poisoning and his chest is covered with black lines. Plus Mickey Rourke stalks around topless, or just wearing a bondage harness.
What does this symbolize about the character? Tony Stark's toplessness symbolizes his broken heart, shattered by discovering the truth about how his weapons were being used in Afghanistan. He's forever vulnerable after his Afghan encounter, and there's a gaping hole in his chest that no amount of armor can ever erase. He's the wounded soul of America, and his bare chest represents our nation.
Advertisement
The Incredible Hulk
Who gets shirtless? Bruce Banner and his alternate ego, the Hulk. Plus Tim Roth.
How many scenes? Tons. Pretty much the first scene of Ed Norton involves him sitting shirtless with a buff dude while they hyperventilate together. And of course, whenever he becomes the Hulk, his shirt is trashed, so he winds up shirtless again when he returns to being Bruce Banner. If your dream was to see Ed Norton topless, this movie is made for you.
What does this symbolize about the character? His vulnerability. His inability to control his life and his body. His quasi-homelessness. The fact that his bare chest is full of a roiling core of passion and rage, that can be unleashed at any moment. Behold:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Who gets shirtless? Wolverine, Deadpool, the Blob. But mostly Wolverine.
How many scenes? A few. The real money scene is when Logan is lowered — naked — into the tank where he has the Adamantium infused into his bones. And then he busts out of the tank, still naked, and runs across the room, then jumps off a waterfall that just happens to be there. And then runs and hides in a farmhouse. Still naked. Also, at the start of the movie, he works as a lumberjack, shirtless. And I think he's also shirtless in the scene where he's in the stockade.
What does this symbolize about the character? That he's a wild animal, kept barely under control. That he's a beast, etc. That he's been experimented on and prodded and stuff, and now he's bursting free. That he's a lumberjack and he's okay.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Thor (2011)
Who gets shirtless? Thor, the Thunder God, when he's first brought to Earth without any earthly raiments.
How many scenes? Just one. He wanders around in front of Natalie Portman and Kat Dennings just long enough for them to check him out, then puts a shirt on. Why? Because thou shalt not look upon the chests of the gods. Or something.
What does this symbolize about the character? That he's been humbled by his father, Odin. That he's been stripped of all his godly regalia, including the giant golden nipples that crowned his majestic shirtage. That he remains a proud, swaggering figure in spite of it all.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Captain America (2011)
Who gets shirtless? Steve Rogers, aka Captain America
How many scenes? Just the one, as far as we can tell from the trailer.
What does this symbolize about the character? That he's willing to sacrifice everything for his country. He starts out skinny and half-naked, like a patriotic waif yearning to breathe free. And then he gets into the chest-inflation machine and emerges with his chest swelling with pride in America.
Advertisement
With thanks to the folks at SuperheroFan
By Katherine Sellgren
BBC News education and family
Pupils are using new technologies on a regular basis Pupils given a greater degree of freedom to surf the internet at school are less vulnerable to online dangers in the long-term, inspectors say. "Managed" online systems were more successful than "locked" ones at safeguarding pupils' safety, they said. In a report, Ofsted said the area most in need of improvement was online safety training for teaching staff. The report was published in E-safety Week, which aims to raise awareness of some of the dangers of technologies. The inspectors' research was commissioned in response to a report by Dr Tanya Btron, which assessed the risks children faced when using the internet and video games. Ofsted inspectors visited 33 primary and secondary schools, a special school and a pupil referral unit and found e-safety was outstanding in five, good in 16, satisfactory in 13 and inadequate in one. The five schools judged outstanding for online safety all used managed systems to help pupils become responsible users of technology. Where the provision for e-safety was outstanding, the schools had managed rather than locked down systems
Ofsted report These systems have fewer inaccessible sites than locked down systems and so "require pupils to take responsibility for themselves". Inspectors said that while the 13 schools using locked down systems kept pupils safe while in school, these systems were less effective in helping them learn how to use technology safely. The report - the safe use of new technologies - said: "The schools where the provision for e-safety was good or better recognised the potential dangers of new technologies, but tried to equip their pupils to deal with them. "Where the provision for e-safety was outstanding, the schools had managed rather than locked down systems. "In the best practice seen, pupils were helped, from a very early age, to assess the risk of accessing sites and therefore gradually to acquire skills which would help them adopt safe practices even when they were not supervised." The report praised one local authority where schools had adopted a "think before you click" policy, encouraging pupils to ask themselves questions such as "can I be sure people are who they say they are?" and "what information about myself should I not give?" Staff training The inspectors said their main concern was poor levels of staff training in online safety. "E-safety training was usually weak when the head teacher had not delegated responsibility for it. The training tended to be informal only," the report said. The best training was planned systematically and included all teaching and support staff, it added. A new e-safety campaign uses cartoons to teach children The Ofsted report called on the Department for Children, Schools and Families, Becta (the government's agency for promoting ICT) and the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre (Ceop) to do more to help schools improve e-safety. Chief inspector Christine Gilbert said: "New technologies are central to modern life and provide a powerful support for learning, but they can also present a risk for young people if they are not taught how to use them safely. "Children and young people do not always have the knowledge, skills and understanding keeping themselves safe and so it is essential that our schools teach them how to stay safe online." Ceop welcomed the report findings, saying it would ignite future debate. Chief executive Jim Gamble said children needed to be empowered to use the internet rather than "mollycoddled". Mr Gamble said, in the real world, adults would not block children from going to the park, but would help them mitigate any risks involved. "The best way for children to manoeuvre these websites effectively is through experience," he said. Stephen Crowne, chief executive of Becta, said: "The internet is an incredibly powerful tool for learning, offering a wealth of resources and information but we can't deny there are potential threats out there. "Schools and parents need to work together to ensure that students use it responsibly and safely -whether in or out of the classroom." On Tuesday, the UK Council for Child Internet Safety launched a campaign to raise awareness of e-safety among young children. The campaign uses cartoons to show five to seven-year-olds that people are not always what they seem.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google today announced the alpha launch of Google Container Engine, a new managed service for building and running Docker container-based applications on its cloud platform.
Docker is probably the hottest technology in developer circles these days — it's almost impossible to have a discussion with a developer without it coming up — and Google's Cloud Platform team has decided to go all in on this technology that makes it easier for developers to run distributed applications.
In essence, this new service is a “Cluster-as-a-Service” platform based on Google's open source Kubernetes project. Kubernetes, which helps developers manage their container clusters, is based on Google's own work with containers in its massive data centers. In this new service, Kubernetes dynamically manages the different Docker containers that make up an application for the user.
Google says the combination of “fast booting, efficient VM hosts and seamless virtualized network integration” will make its cloud computing service “the best place to run container-based applications.” The company's competitors would likely argue with that, but none of them offer a similar service at this point.
Google initially launched support for Docker images in May as part of its new Managed VM service. These managed VMs are coming out of Google's limited alpha — with the addition of auto-scaling support — and with that, developers can now use Docker containers on Google's platform without having to jump through any hoops. Managed VMs will remain in beta for now, though, which in Google's new language means there is no access control and that charges may be waived, but there is no SLA or technical support obligation either.
And remember, because this new service is officially in alpha, it isn't feature-complete and the whole infrastructure could melt down at any minute.
Ancient Rome was a village that grew into a world empire. At the peak of its territorial reach, AD 117, it stretched from the British Isles to Mesopotamia and from the Rhine to the Sahara. Its history spans more than a millennium. Before the Western Roman Empire collapsed in the late fifth century, Romans enjoyed a standard of living not seen again in the West until the mid-nineteenth century. They had flush toilets, granite countertops, indoor heating, and even cosmetic dentistry. The government that safeguarded this way of life styled itself Senatus Populusque Romanus, or “the Senate and the People of Rome.” An advertisement for the link between Rome's citizens and its elected leaders, the abbreviation “SPQR” was proudly displayed everywhere.
Rome's classical era spanned the last two centuries BC and the first two centuries AD. At the beginning of that period, Rome already commanded a sizable empire, governed by democratic principles. By the end of it, Rome had become increasingly authoritarian but was still at peace internally. Engineering, literature, philosophy, theater, and the arts flowered; with lasting effects, Romans crucified Jesus and destroyed Jerusalem's Second Temple. The events and personalities that populated this age are Rome's most famous.
Historians usually justify the decision to write a new account of familiar events by emphasizing the discovery of sources that challenge or clarify the conventional understanding. That is not the case with SPQR, Mary Beard's retelling of Roman history from its origins through the end of the classical period. What makes Beard's effort so compelling nonetheless is the contemporary, politically charged idiom in which the Cambridge don recasts an old story. SPQR is a translation of Roman history into the English of today—into the phrases and patterns of thought that we absorb from mass media and that bring order and meaning to our lives—and Beard's genius is in using this idiom alone, rather than outright comparison, to suggest ancient parallels with the politics and
As the 38th Ward aldermanic candidate forum began Wednesday evening, I noted from my moderator's vantage point that there wasn't a single black face among the more than 100 spectators in the gym at St. Pascal School.
No particular surprise. The 38th, a Northwest Side ward that includes the Portage Park neighborhood, is predominantly white and Hispanic, and only about 1 percent black.
A few questions into the two-hour forum, however, I noticed that an African-American man had slipped in and was standing on the edge of the gym along with dozens of others who hadn't been able to find a seat.
A few minutes later I noticed another one had joined him. Then came another and another and another until there were at least a dozen men and women. Most were in business attire. Such a healthy exhibition of diversity!
Not long after that, a couple of local TV news camera operators came through the door. My first thought was, hmm, yes, the race to succeed retiring incumbent Ald. Timothy Cullerton is interesting — pitting displaced 36th Ward Ald. Nicholas Sposato against Cullerton-backed nonprofit executive Heather Sattler and five other candidates — and I was glad to have been asked to preside over their polite exchange of views. But it's not evening news interesting.
Only when I learned near the end that Willie Wilson was in the house did it come clear to me what was happening.
St. Pascal ... a black candidate for mayor ... of course!
If you've been around these parts for a quarter century or so, you probably associate St. Pascal Catholic Church with Cardinal Francis George. When George was installed to head the Chicago Catholic Archdiocese in 1997, it was hailed as a homecoming of sorts since he'd attended grade school and been ordained a priest there.
But if you've been around since the early 1980s, as I have, you also associate St. Pascal with one of the ugliest incidents in the ugliest mayoral campaign in city history.
It happened on Palm Sunday in March 1983. African-American Democrat Harold Washington and white Republican Bernard Epton were locked in a contest that was dividing the city along racial lines. And, at the behest of then-Cardinal Joseph Bernardin, the priest at St. Pascal invited Washington and Epton to attend a Sunday service together in the spirit of unity and in an effort to refocus the campaign on the issues.
Epton couldn't make it, but Washington, along with 1984 Democratic presidential hopeful Walter Mondale, made the trip. The parish is in the heart of a traditionally Democratic stronghold, but Washington and Mondale were greeted by an angry, jeering, reportedly profane throng of white protesters waving Epton signs and demanding they leave.
They did. Quickly. But the news coverage of the virulent, unapologetic racism served mostly to animate Washington's supporters, particularly in white, lakefront wards. In the election a little more than two weeks later, Washington beat Epton by less than 4 percentage points.
Did entrepreneur Willie Wilson and a team of supporters treks to this symbolic location on the Far Northwest Side hoping for a similarly sickening reception that would draw favorable attention to his campaign?
"The idea was to see if things have changed from the time Harold was shouted down," said Wilson's North Side coordinator, Frank Coconate.
"We were truly hoping for the best and prepared for the worst," said Wilson spokesman Gregory Seal Livingston.
Well, times have changed. And while Wilson didn't get the best of what he'd hoped for — an invitation to speak to the crowd from organizers who had not expected him — neither did he get anything close to the worst. Attendees treated him well, although with a bit of indifference, as he mingled at the conclusion of the candidate forum.
Not to say that racism is dead in the 38th Ward, in my ward (the 39th, 3 miles east) or in any other ward. But we've matured as a society since 1983, and those who expect howling racist mobs to run off black political candidates in Chicago in 2015 are, thankfully, destined to be disappointed.
"Dr. Wilson has been really reaching out, so (once he learned he would not be addressing the crowd) he said, 'Let's stay and shake hands,'" Livingston said. "Never miss an opportunity to make new friends. ... In the end it was good for everyone."
Doctored resume
As in the quote just above, Willie Wilson's supporters frequently refer to him as "doctor."
Why? Because, even though he has just a seventh-grade education, he holds five honorary doctorate degrees.
Even if they were actual Ph.D.s, however, most media outlets reserve that title for medical doctors.
Gov. Rauner's 'essential spending'
In his inaugural address earlier this month, Gov. Bruce Rauner declared that his "first action as governor" would be issuing an executive order asking every state agency "to freeze nonessential spending."
Even though he never made it clear what that term meant, I was surprised last week to learn that the state has hired a $100,000-a-year chief of staff for Rauner's wife, Diana.
Not that Diana Rauner won't be busy: She's reportedly going to quarterback the restoration of the dilapidated governor's mansion and lead certain advocacy efforts while still serving as president of Ounce of Prevention, a Chicago nonprofit that promotes early childhood education.
But Illinois didn't have a first spouse for the six years that the divorced Pat Quinn was governor, so it's hardly an essential position.
And not that it's unprecedented — wives of previous governors have had assistants on the public payroll — or that the salary even amounts to a rounding error in the $9 billion operating deficit that a new University of Illinois Institute of Government and Public Affairs study projects we'll face next year.
But given the governor's chesty rhetoric, providing a staff, even a staff of one, to an unelected private citizen is not exactly leading by example.
Re: tweets
In a paper released Wednesday afternoon titled Ebola Then and Now, two doctors on the frontlines of the 1976 outbreak in Zaire recall the meticulous procedures that kept the climax of the outbreak to 318 people. While the piece offers valuable information for those fighting the current Ebola outbreak, it underscores just how dangerous it has become. That was then, this is now. Here, juxtaposed with the New England Journal of Medicine's report, is today's response.
1. Delayed Response Time
1976
The study's authors, Dr. Joel G. Breman and Karl M. Johnson, arrived in Zaire in 1976 equipped with new virologic and immunologic tests that helped them immediately identify the (then new) agent. “In Zaire, we became, respectively, the chief of surveillance, epidemiology, and control and the scientific director of the International Commission for the Investigation and Control of Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever in Zaire,” they write. Immediately upon arrival, five commission members were sent to the village of Yambuku—the original site of the outbreak—to map the extent of the outbreak. The other 70 members remained at the hospital base.
Now
On March 23, 2014, the World Health Organization (WHO) reported what they called a “rapidly evolving outbreak” of Ebola in West Africa, where 49 cases and 39 deaths had been recorded. One month later, the number of cases had quadrupled, with WHO showing more than 208 cases and 130 deaths. It wasn't until August 6, with 1,779 cases and close to 1,000 deaths, that WHO began discussing whether or not the outbreak constituted an international health emergency. By the time it did a few days later, which made it nearly six months after the initial outbreak, it was too late.
2. Infective Quarantine
1976
When Breman and Johnson arrived on the scene, the government had already quarantined 275,000 people in the Bumba Zone. Planes, boats, cars, strangers—all were banned from entering the cordoned off area. At first, the doctors write, the villagers were “fearful and agitated,” lacking the basic necessities needed to survive. When members of the International Commission arrived to help, the community was wary. But with an electron micgrograph to illustrate what was fueling the outbreak, they were able to gain the trust of the people. “People along the road from the town …were relieved when we said we'd come to stop the disease's spread, treat patients, and meet their families,” the paper reads. Inside the quarantine zone, even more specific procedures were outlined to keep those within the bounds of it safe.
Now
Attempts to quarantine during the current outbreak, led by the local armies and police, have been catastrophic. When the Liberian government attempted to contain the outbreak in Liberia through a quarantine in West Point—an exceptionally impoverished area near Monrovia—they did the opposite. With anywhere from 70K to 120K residents living in tiny shacks without running water, sanitation, or electricity, they left a struggling demographic without the means to protect themselves—many, without knowledge of what it was that necessitated protection. With people fighting for food, violent outbreaks between Liberians and the army began to heat up at the 10-day mark. When four were injured and one killed, President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf officially lifted the quarantine.
3. Mistrust from Communities
1976
For those outside of the quarantine zones, Drs. Breman and Johnson laid out specific guidelines to community members to help reduce the risk of the infection's spread. Family members who became infected with the disease were placed in “huts outside their villages,” a procedure that allowed victims to be isolated outside of a hospital. The doctors then suggested one family member, “preferably someone who had recovered from the illness,” deliver food, water, and medicine to the patient each day until a medical professional could arrive on the scene. With the help of other community members, the doctors successfully educated the families of those who died about the dangers of handling the body in typical ritual fashion. “Credibility was gradually restored,” the authors write. “Especially when we began visiting villages accompanied by the three remaining nuns.” Bodies were covered with bleach and buried, and isolation huts burned. An already-local tradition of shaving one's head in mourning for a lost family member became dual purpose—used to flag potential carriers of the disease.
Now
With the virus already widespread when international relief began pouring into West Africa, spending individual time in affected communities was not an option. Without this crucial period of trust building, many in the communities spent months under the impression that Ebola was either a hoax or a disease brought to West Africa by American nurses and doctors. The fallout of this loss of trust has had an enormous impact on the outbreak. Without a clear understanding of how Ebola is spread and when it is contagious, family members continued to bury their loved ones—who, at that point, are the most contagious—with typical burial rites such as washing, touching, and even kissing the corpses. While doctors in West Africa now report success educating the communities and persuading them not to perform burials, the amount of burials already performed have infected hundreds if not thousands.
***
At the end of the report, which highlights stirring images from the original 1976 outbreak, the authors offer suggestions for where the international community should focus their support. “We believe the main priorities should be adequate staff for rigorous identification, surveillance, and care of patients and primary contacts,” they write. “Strict isolation of patients; good clinical care; and rapid, culturally sensitive disposal of infectious cadavers.”
Breman, who got wind of the current outbreak when a CDC officer stationed in Guinea called him for advice in March, is still optimistic. Most of his positivity rests on the news that people in the villages have finally begun to trust that the outbreak is real, and that the health workers are there to stop it. And with the announcement that the U.S. plans to send a “surge” of workers into West Africa armed with $22 million from the Pentagon, America now looks poised to fight back against Ebola.
“These are the darkest days, they know what they're doing,” Breman tells me of the health care workers in the field. “They know the dangers. There are dangers at the front lines. It's a war zone, and Ebola is the enemy.”
The latest title update for Halo Reach has botched the multiplayer experience for some. Those with the beta disc sent with the prior Dashboard test for the new DVD format can no longer access multiplayer after the recent title update. After 343 Industries stated they were working on a solution, it turns out it must not be fixable.
E-mails are going out to those players affected, Microsoft making up for the error with a free digital Games on Demand version of Reach. The code for the download should be in your inbox already or it will be soon. The question remains what happens if you don't have the hard drive space. The e-mail doesn't specify. E-mail text follows:
Earlier this year, you participated in the Xbox LIVE Public Preview program and were provided a copy of Halo: Reach as part of your participation. Unfortunately, this Halo: Reach “preview disc” cannot be updated with a conventional Title Update, causing the game to be unplayable after the recent Halo: Reach Title Update on September 21, 2011. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
To get you back online with Halo: Reach, below is a code for the Games on Demand version of the game. Once the code is redeemed and your copy of Halo: Reach is downloaded, the game will work as usual, including the features added by the title update. All of your Halo Reach game saves will work normally as well. You may then discard the disc from the Public Preview program.
Please note that this Games on Demand version of Halo: Reach will require you to have some storage on your Xbox 360 – a hard drive or USB of at least 6.6 gigabytes.
Tucked neatly between the snow covered peaks of the Cascade Mountains and the inspiring high desert plateaus of Central Oregon, Bend, Oregon has evolved from a sleepy lumber town to an international mecca for outdoor enthusiasts and people in search of active and healthy vacation experiences and tourist attractions.
Whether you're seeking the world-class river activities, the hiking and biking opportunities on endless ​miles of trail around the city, the pristine beauty of trail running on Bend's cutting-edge Urban Trail System, a living history trip to the High Desert Museum, or simply enjoying the vibrant energy of a hip, cosmopolitan mountain town, people from around the world visit Bend to get outside and to be inspired by the Bend lifestyle. Follow the links below to discover tourist attractions in Bend, Oregon.
With Summer just about the corner, and picnic season in full swing, it's worth taking a look at canned brews, one of the rising trends in the craft beer world. The days of cans' sole use as canisters of watery, adjunct-laden “beer” are coming to a close, replaced by a growing variety of tasty nectar that we already love and enjoy in bottle form.
You might be asking, “why not simply pack bottles into the cooler?” To that I say, Indeed! – if you're at home. Actually, I partially agree, because you should pour all beer into a glass to achieve Maximum Enjoyment Mode. But, when it comes to get-togethers and shindigs in public areas, it is important to consider a few stipulations. The first and infinitely most important of these is that most parks, pools, beaches, and other public gathering areas don't allow glass containers (slicing your foot on a broken bottle will put a damper on your day). Secondly, aluminum will protect our favorite elixir from the harmful UV rays of the sun that make us happy, but turn beer into moose piss (especially if you have that one friend who forgets to close the cooler lid). Finally, there's no need for a bottle opener when it comes to cans. This last one is somewhat trivial, because everyone should have a bottle opener with them at all times — you never know when a wild beer will appear.
I have selected these ten beers based off of a few loose guidelines. First, that they are either local, or easily found in local markets. Two, nothing crazy in terms of alcohol (this list is designed for beers that are good for barbecues and picnics, and no one likes hearing an obnoxious drunk dude at the park). And three, refreshment qualities. While stouts are delicious, I'm not looking for one to keep me cool under a hot summer sun (not to mention most stouts are much tastier at room temperature). With that being said, canned brews range from lagers to the strongest of stouts, so don't be afraid to make additions to this list based off of personal preference (just don't get drunk at the park).
Strawberry Pig Cream Ale, Christian Moerlein, 4.9%
With an aroma of gentle strawberries laced with a hint of fermented malt grains toward the back, your nose will be pleased but not overpowered by the fruity smell. The strawberries are up front, but restrained, and while it isn't a bouquet of the freshest berries, it is pleasant and delicious. On the tongue, mild bread crust and crackers arrive first, followed by a moderate strawberry finish that doesn't overpower. Initially quite creamy, a faint bitterness at the back of the mouth crackles this beer from the tongue after a few moments – long enough to enjoy the flavors, but not so long that the strawberry turns south. Faint notes of vanilla finishes off this beer, perfect for anyone who enjoys a brighter brew.
Hala Kahiki Pineapple Beer, Rivertowne Brewing, 4.9% ABV
Not to be confused with Cincinnati's Rivertown Brewing, this Pittsburgh-brewed beer starts off the list with an aroma of mild pineapple, with a touch of wheat and crackers at the back that can go unnoticed at if the beer is ice cold. On the tongue, pineapple juice dominates, lending a decent amount of prickly sweetness that doesn't go overboard. The presence of malts and hops are kept quite low, but appear towards the end of the can. If you're a fan of the shandy style, you'll enjoy this one.
Hop Session IPA, White Birch Brewing, 5.0% ABV
Beginning with a bouquet of floral hops and cracker malts, hints of caramel slide in near the end of each breath, while notes of tropical fruits, specifically pineapple, arrive as the beer warms. A faint touch of pine can also be noticed from time to time. For its taste, an immediate and forward bitterness sweeps over the tongue with the flavors of pine and hop resin. Refreshing and crisp, the high bitterness quickly falls from the tongue instead of lingering. Cracker malts can be found at the back, while hop florality arrives at the sides.
Awesome India Pale Lager, The Brew kettle, 5.2% ABV
Prickly pine notes start off this beer's aroma, which also includes notes of hop florality as well as pineapple and passion fruit. A touch of resin and citrus peel lingers at the sides, while a hint of caramel and bready sweetness underlies the entire bouquet. Taste-wise, this brew packs huge flavor into its aluminum container, rocking a massive pine flavor that dominates the tongue. Passion fruit and grapefruit rind show up at the back, while an underlying cracker vibe helps to balance things out. The bitterness is lasting but not palate-destroying, and the finish is lager-crisp, let busy and complex as you would expect from an India Pale style. The can also mentions that the brew was made with a splash of Wizard Magic, so your dreams of Hogwarts are still alive.
Abbey's Single, Destihl Brewery, 4.9% ABV
Beginning in true Belgian fashion, this beer's aroma consists of apple peel, lemon juice, and a touch of fresh grass as the yeast notes reach the nose. A touch of autumn leaves and hay complete the nature-vibe, while grain malts side in underneath, unobtrusive yet prevalent enough to create that olfactory backbone. On the tongue, a touch of crackers and light bread dough arrive with cherries, apple juice, and lemon tartness, while the leaves and hay arrive near the end of each drink. Fresh grass and a hint of bubblegum complete the flavor, which is wonderfully fresh and refreshingly juicy. Wonderfully complex for a lighter beer, this one was definitely one of my favorites.
Cougar Blonde Ale, Rhinegeist, 4.8%
Cougar begins with an aroma of light malt grains, followed up with the faintest touch of floral hoppiness. A hint of crackers arrives next, subdued and smooth, while light notes of cherries and apples finish up the bouquet. Across the palate, grains and crackers create a slightly sweet beginning, countered by a mild tartness brought about by faint lemon juice. Apple peel and cherries arrive once more, creating a crisp drink that is bright and refreshing, while lingering just long enough on the tongue.
Pale Ale, North High Brewing, 5.5% ABV
On the nose, floral hop-spice arrives upfront, while a touch of crackers slides in beneath. Prickly pine and damp vegetation mingle at the sides, growing stronger with each breath, yet remaining somewhat subdued within the can. At first taste, however, all aromatic shyness is lost, as sweet caramel malts team up with pine to create massive flavor across the tongue. Notes of orange peel enhances the pine while create a mild fruit sweetness. A touch of hop spice arrives at the sides, contributing a pleasant floral flavor. Beneath everything, a mixture of resin and malty sweetness keeps this brew balanced and delicious, not to mention refreshing as hell.
Ginger Lemon Radler, Boulevard Brewing 4.1%
A radler is a German beer that is traditionally part beer, part lemon soda (with variations occurring due to regionality). Boulevard's take on the radler begins with an aroma of lemon citrus, sweet and spicy ginger notes, and a faint backbone of wheat-style maltiness. In taste, it begins slightly sour, with the spice of the ginger cutting the tartness before the lemon-sweetness arrives. Crackers arrive at the end, rounding out a beer that is easy to drink and just as tasty. Shandy-lovers should enjoy this one.
Razz Wheat, Jackie O's Brewery, 5.5% ABV
Razz Wheat delivers an aroma of sweet crackers laced with a touch of caramel. Underlying faint raspberries remain reserved throughout the entire bouquet. Subtle notes of lemons and apples rise up from time to time, but the raspberry-tinged malt cloud is constant. On the tongue, the wheat base arrives first as bread crust and mildly sweet bread. The raspberry stays to the sides of each taste, with a relatively low sweetness, but adding enough flavor to ensure you'll taste the berries. A mild fruit tang finishes off each drink, clearing the tongue of most flavors between tastes. This beer is a great thirst quencher, even if you're not the biggest fan of fruited brews.
Gnarly Brown Ale, MadTree Brewing, 7% ABV
The final brew on this list is also the biggest. Arriving with notes of roast, chocolate, and smoke, the aroma leans more towards a porter than a brown ale. A touch of vanilla and brown sugar, as well as hints of lighter bread keep the darker notes in check, but this one might catch you off guard if you've been enjoying nothing but the lighter beers on this list. As for flavor, you'll wonder why I included it on this list (I'll explain that at the end). Big notes of chocolate and coffee arrive first, while a touch of earthy vanilla creeps in from the sides. Roasted bread comes next, while a smoke vibe akin to a porter finish off the darkness. After that, brown sugar sweetness help to control the strength, while a moderate hop bitterness settles on the back of the tongue. The aftertaste is strong and malty, but it fades quickly despite its darkness. Now, why did I include it on a list with mostly lighter-style beers? It's damn tasty, and goes great with grilled meats.
Here's something you don't hear every day: A Major League Baseball umpire admitted he was “dead wrong.”
Those are the words of Jim Wolf, the home-plate umpire in Wednesday night's Game 4 of the National League Championship Series between the Chicago Cubs and Los Angeles Dodgers. Wolf was in the middle of another fiery Joe Maddon ejection after the Cubs manager frantically objected to an appeal ruling on the field.
If you missed the moment: It appeared that Dodgers outfielder Curtis Granderson struck out in the eighth inning. Granderson said he foul tipped the ball and Dodgers manager Dave Roberts asked for an appeal. The umpires on the field then reversed the call, saying it was a foul ball and Granderson was still at-bat. (Under MLB replay rules, the play wasn't reviewable).
That's when Maddon lost it — and was ejected for the second time in the postseason. (Which, hey, that's a record). Maddon was proven right, though, as Wolf admitted it was the wrong call. He told reporters:
“After looking at it (on replay afterward), I was dead wrong,” Wolf said. “I talked myself into the whole thing.”
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon argues with umpires during the eighth inning of Game 4 of baseball's National League Championship Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, Oct. 18, 2017, in Chicago. Maddon was ejected from the game. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
The whole thing was ultimately harmless. Granderson struck out on the next pitch. The Cubs won the game, forcing a Game 5 in Chicago on Thursday night. And Maddon will be back in the dugout this time.
If it didn't turn out that way, though? This is what Maddon had to say after the game:
“If Granderson hit the next pitch out, I might come running out of the clubhouse in my jockstrap. It was really that bad.”
Sounds like we got the best possible outcome on all fronts — the Cubs rightfully won, Granderson rightfully struck out, the umpire admitted he was wrong and we didn't have to see Joe Maddon blow a gasket in his jockstrap.
More MLB coverage from Yahoo Sports:
– – – – – –
Mike Oz is the editor of Big League Stew on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at mikeozstew@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
The knives are out for Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
And The Hill just served up a whole drawer full of them.
Without identifying who is wielding the weapons.
That's how unnamed sources use the press to bloody their target.
There is no doubt that Wasserman Schultz has become a highly controversial chairman of the Democratic National Committee. She has pretty obviously tilted toward the establishment's candidate, Hillary Clinton, and is now at war with Bernie Sanders and his supporters. I'm sure some Dems would love to dump her.
But does that mean someone should be allowed to say this, without his or her name attached?
“‘There have been a lot of meetings over the past 48 hours about what color plate do we deliver Debbie Wasserman Schultz's head on,' said one pro-Clinton Democratic senator.”
Kind of a nauseating image, by the way.
The same anonymous senator is quoted as saying, “How can she open the convention? Sanders supporters would go nuts.”
Then there's a “senior Senate Democratic aide” who says, “There's a strong sentiment that the current situation is untenable and can only be fixed by her leaving.”
But it's not fair to say the Hill piece has no on-the-record comments. A whole bunch of senators--Barbara Mikulski, Bill Nelson, Tim Kaine, Kirsten Gillibrand, Jeanne Shaneen—are quoted as backing Wasserman Schultz's tenure. There are also statements of support from House Democratic leaders Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer. But these are at the bottom of the piece, after this to-be-sure phrase: “The view that Wasserman Schultz should go in the name of party unity isn't unanimous.”
Naturally, the Hill piece reverberated across the media landscape, including Fox News, adding to the sense that Wasserman Schultz is in serious jeopardy. The story eventually says she has no plans to step down and no decision will be made soon.
I doubt the Democrats would dump their chairman just before the Philadelphia convention. Wouldn't that make Hillary look weak, like she had to mollify the Bernie faction to save the convention from disruption?
Sanders is going after the Florida congresswoman big time, even endorsing her primary opponent, Tim Canova, who has gotten a fundraising windfall. Wasserman Schultz insists she's been neutral in the presidential contest, although by initially allowing just six debates—and burying them on Saturday nights and in holiday periods—she certainly seemed to be helping Clinton sit on her lead. More debates were added only when Hillary wanted the faceoffs as Sanders surged.
Now if Sanders somehow won the nomination, it would be routine for him to install his own person at the DNC. But Clinton has an insurmountable lead.
In the end, much of this is inside baseball. Whether Debbie Wasserman Schultz remains head of the party won't affect 50 votes in November. But Bernie and his backers want her banished, and their weapon of choice, for now, is leaking to the press.
In a comment to my previous post, David Fetter challenged me to “find a case for multisets. That we're stuck with them doesn't mean they're useless.” My response was that I couldn't help him because multisets (or bags) are not part of the relational model (which was the point of my post) and asked David to show me an example of a multiset he's stuck with so that we could discuss it.
While waiting for his response, I read an article titled “Toil and Trouble” by Chris Date, which was originally published in Database Programming and Design, January 19941, where he tackled the issue of duplicate rows and multisets. Chris opened by stating that duplicates “are, and always were, a mistake in SQL” (and nearly 20 years later the mistake has not been corrected).
In the article, Date makes a number of points against duplicates and multisets but perhaps two of the best are the following:
When considering the collection (3, 6, 6, 8, 8, 8, 11) versus the set {3, 6, 8, 11} we have to distinguish between the two 6's by saying “the first 6″ or “the second.” Date then points out that “we have now introduced a totally new concept, one that is quite deliberately omitted from the relational model: positional addressing. … we have moved quite outside the cozy framework of relational theory … [and] there is no guarantee whatsoever that any results that hold within that framework still apply.” In response to a claim by David Beech that “mathematicians deal with such collections, called multisets or … bags” and therefore that a model with duplicate rows is at least mathematically respectable, Date says:
“… all of the mathematical ‘bag theory' treatments I've seen start off by assuming that there is a way to count duplicates! And that assumption, I contend, effectively means that bags are defined in terms of sets—each bag element has a hidden identifying tag that distinguishes it somehow, and the bag is really a set of tag/element pairs.”
I believe that as programmers it becomes second nature to deal with duplicate items in lists and sequences. Since it is so easy to code a loop to visit each item in turn and apply some processing—in Python you can even use built-ins or functions from itertools, that we frown on a system that, at least in theory, insists on removing duplicates and dealing only with proper (mathematical) sets. However, we should realize that the theory, as Date says, is practical: by keeping the duplicates we lose, for example, the benefits of relational normal forms and certain optimization techniques.
In closing, Date presents the following parts and shipments database:
P pno │ pname SP sno │ pno ─────┼──────── ─────┼───── P1 │ Screw S1 │ P1 P1 │ Screw S1 │ P1 P1 │ Screw S1 │ P2 P2 │ Screw
And considers the query “List part numbers for parts that either are screws or are supplied by supplier S1, or both.” He then presents 12 candidate SQL formulations, which someone ran for him against SQL Server 4.2 on OS/2. I thought it would be instructive to run them against Postgres 9.3, so here they are.
SELECT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw' OR pno IN ( SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1');
Result: 3 P1, 1 P2
SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1' OR pno IN ( SELECT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw');
Result: 2 P1, 1 P2
SELECT p.pno FROM p, sp WHERE ( sno = 'S1' AND p.pno = sp.pno) OR pname = 'Screw';
Result: 9 P1, 3 P2
SELECT sp.pno FROM p, sp WHERE ( sno = 'S1' AND p.pno = sp.pno) OR pname = 'Screw';
Result: 8 P1, 4 P2
SELECT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw' UNION ALL SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1';
Result: 5 P1, 2 P2
SELECT DISTINCT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw' UNION ALL SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1';
Result: 3 P1, 2 P2
SELECT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw' UNION ALL SELECT DISTINCT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1';
Result: 4 P1, 2 P2
SELECT DISTINCT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw' OR pno IN ( SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1');
Result: 1 P1, 1 P2
SELECT DISTINCT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1' OR pno IN ( SELECT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw');
Result: 1 P1, 1 P2
SELECT pno FROM p GROUP BY pno, pname HAVING pname = 'Screw' OR pno IN ( SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1');
Result: 1 P1, 1 P2
SELECT p.pno FROM p, sp GROUP BY p.pno, p.pname, sno, sp.pno HAVING ( sno = 'S1' AND p.pno = sp.pno) OR pname = 'Screw';
Result: 2 P1, 2 P2
SELECT pno FROM p WHERE pname = 'Screw' UNION SELECT pno FROM sp WHERE sno = 'S1';
Result: 1 P1, 1 P2
As Date points out, 12 different formulations produce 9 different results! And as he further states, those are not all the possible formulations. For example, a modern revision of the third query may be:
SELECT pno FROM p NATURAL JOIN sp WHERE sno = 'S1' OR pname = 'Screw';
and the result is yet again different (6 P1 parts and 1 P2).
The bottom line is to be very, very careful when dealing with multisets in SQL.
1 The article was republished in Relational Database Writings, 1991-1994, in Part I, “Theory Is Practical!”
Donald Trump donated to Mitt Romney in 2012.
On Sunday Mitt Romney told Jake Tapper he does not believe Donald Trump will be the Republican nominee for president. Later in the day Donald Trump responded.
Newsmax reported:
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump said Sunday he isn't interested in criticism from the party's 2012 nominee.
Mitt Romney, the 2012 challenger to President Barack Obama, said on CNN's “State of the Union” that he doesn't believe Trump will end up being the party's nominee.
Pressed by host Jake Tapper on whether he would vote for Trump should he end up winning the nomination, Romney replied, “I would vote for the nominee of the Republican party, and I don't believe that's going to be Donald Trump.”
Trump responded with a series of tweets afterward, criticizing Romney's loss to President Barack Obama in an election Trump says he should have won.
.@MittRomney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2015
Getty Images
The fall season in gender-gap news has started early and with a bang. A study released yesterday in the Journal of the American Medical Association shows that male doctors earn over 25% more than female doctors. Why am I not surprised? There is a constant stream of stories showing gender disparities like this: that Obama gave only 35% of Cabinet-level posts to women, that men still write 87% of Wikipedia entries, that they are approximately 80% of local news-television and radio managers, and over 75% of philosophers.
After decades of antidiscrimination laws, diversity initiatives and feminist advocacy, such data leads to an uncomfortable question: Do women actually want equality? The answer seems transparently, blindingly, obvious. Do women want to breathe fresh air? Do they want to avoid rattlesnakes and fatal heart attacks?
But from another perspective, the answer is anything but clear. In fact, there's good reason to think that women don't want the sort of equality envisioned by government bureaucrats, academics and many feminist advocates, one imagined strictly by the numbers with the goal of a 50-50 breakdown of men and women in C-suites, law-school dean offices, editorial boards and computer-science departments; equal earnings, equal work hours, equal assets, equal time changing diapers and doing the laundry. “A truly equal world,” Sheryl Sandberg wrote in Lean In, which is still on the best-seller lists months after its spring publication, “would be one where women ran half our countries and companies and men ran half our homes.” It's a vision of progress that can only be calculated through the spreadsheets of labor economists, demographers and activist groups.
It would be silly to deny that equality-by-the-numbers researchers can deliver figures that could alarm even an Ann Romney. There's the puny 4.2% of female Fortune 500 CEOs, the mere 23.7% of female state legislators, the paltry 19% of women in Congress. But while “numbers don't lie,” they can create mirages that convince us we see something we don't. Take, for example, the JAMA study about the pay gap between male and female doctors. The study seems to capture yet another example of discrimination against women. But because it fails to consider differences in medical specialty or type of workplace, that appearance may well be an illusion. Surgeons and cardiologists, who have long been in the ranks of the top-earning specialties, remain predominantly male. Meanwhile, as women flooded the profession, they disproportionately chose to become psychiatrists and pediatricians, specialties that have always been among the least lucrative.
(MORE: The Pay Gap Is Not as Bad as You Think)
There are reasons for this particular wage gap that are gender-blind. Surgeons need more years of training, perform riskier work (at least that's how malpractice insurers see it) and put in more unpredictable hours. Unsurprisingly, according to surveys, women who become doctors approach their work differently than men. They spend more time with each patient; when choosing jobs, they are far more likely to cite time for family and flexible hours as “very important” and to prefer limited management responsibilities. Male doctors, on the other hand, are more likely to think about career advancement and income potential.
This hints at the problem with the equality-by-the-numbers approach: it presumes women want absolute parity in all things measurable, and that the average woman wants to work as many hours as the average man, that they want to be CEOs, heads of state, surgeons and Cabinet heads just as much as men do. But a consistent majority of women, including those working full time, say they would prefer to work part time or not at all; among men, the number is 19%. And they're not just talking; in actual practice, 27% of working women are on the job only part time, compared with 11% of men.
(MORE: Let's Not Forget, Many Working Moms Want to Work Less)
Now, a lot of people might say that American women are stymied from pursuing their ambitions because of our miserly maternity leave, day care and workplace-flexibility policies. But even women in the world's most family-friendly countries show little interest in the equality-by-the-numbers ideal. In Iceland, Norway, Sweden and Finland, according to the OECD, women still work fewer hours and earn less money than men; they also remain a rare sight in executive offices, computer-science classrooms and, though the OECD doesn't say it I'm willing to bet, philosophy conferences. Sweden, the gold standard of gender equality in many minds, has one of the highest percentages of women working part time anywhere in the world. Equality-by-numbers advocates should be thinking about women's progress in terms of what women show that they want, not what the spreadsheets say they should want.
SEE ALSO: The Big Surprise of Martin Luther King's Speech
(Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp is expected to receive Pentagon approval on Thursday to begin production for 200 new heavy cargo helicopters for the U.S. Marines, a Defense Department official said on Tuesday.
The long-expected award for the CH-53K King Stallion will cost $87 million on average each and $105 million including spare parts and certain service contracts, said Colonel Hank Vanderborght, who heads the program for the Pentagon. The $27 billion program also includes more than $6 billion in research and development costs.
The new helicopter, in development by Lockheed's Sikorsky helicopter business, can lift 36,000 pounds and would replace the CH-53E Super Stallion, which has operated as the backbone of field logistics for the U.S. Marines since the mid-1980s.
The Pentagon's Defense Acquisition Board will meet on Thursday and it is expected to approve the beginning of production of the new helicopter, Vanderborght told Reuters. A Lockheed Martin representative declined to comment.
The expected approval by the Pentagon's Defense Acquisition Board would be a major milestone for the largest U.S. defense contractor. Final terms of the production deal still are being finalized, a Defense Department official said.
Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson told reporters at the company's annual media day last week that the 2015 purchase of helicopter maker Sikorsky from United Technologies Corp for $9 billion helped reshape the company.
Happy Tuesday,
This is Chef Joe from Kitchen Crème Fraîche – for those of you who missed my previous posts: Bacon Tomato Pasta | Salmon Ramen.
I lived in South Korea when I was an exchange student back in high school and Kimchi was one thing that I just can't get enough of, besides the crazy hospitality (in a good way) of my Korean host parents. Today, I will show you a quick way of how to make this versatile Kimchi from scratch and save you some $$$ from paying grocery stores.
WARNING: Excessive dosage of Kimchi can cause harm.. DEFINITELY can cause harm.
HOMEMADE KIMCHI
Serves 10 - perhaps ∞
10 - perhaps ∞ Cooks under 30 minutes
under 30 minutes Difficulty easy
Step 1. Prep Ingredients:
[Napa Cabage] 1 medium head (2 pounds)
[Green Onion] x 1 batch (trimmed and then cut them into half inch pieces)
[Garlic] x 6 (cloves minced)
[Ginger] x 1
[Salt] x ¼ cup sea salt
[Korean red pepper flakes] x 5 tbsp or more if you want them to be extra spicy
[Korean radish] x 1 big one (chopped them into cubes)
[Fish/Anchovy Sauce] x 2 - 3 tbsp (can be bought from H-mart)
[oil] could be olive oil/sesame/scallion oil
Step 2. Cut stuff up:
Try to cut your napa cabbage into quarters then slice them through into medium sized squares. Mince your garlic and ginger with either knife or a food processor. DON'T go gentle on them.
Finally peel the skin off the radish and chopped them into tiny cubes.
Step 3.1. Mix up the paste:
Give your red chill flakes 2-3 tbsp of anchovy sauce, ¼ cup of salt, and plenty of oil until the mix is becoming this ‘paste-ish' texture.
Step 3.2. Mix everything up:
Now get a bowl, as large as you can, then dunk all the stuff you've chopped into that bowl mix them with the chilli paste you've just made. I definitely recommend you to mix them with your hands if you have rubber gloves – that way you can massage all the seasoning and flavors into those vegies.
Step 4. Packaging.
Finally transport all the mixed kimchi into a big jar (see where you can buy it) and close the cap.
YES. Wait patiently. Let it ferment for few days.
See this is the part I f'ed up letting my friend Kevin come visit and tasted them before they are fully fermented…strangely he loved it.
Step 5. Vila! Done!
Damn why are they so good looking?
The Faroe Islands, in the harsh north Atlantic, between Scotland and Iceland, are part of the Kingdom of Denmark. The diverse community of around 50,000 people has traditions dating back centuries and a remarkably low crime rate. Yet the Faroese are often called the last barbarians of Europe. Recent pictures of their bloody custom, the slaughter of pilot whales, went viral on the internet and in the media. Seeing marine mammals being killed and hacked into pieces while children play in the blood-red waters shocked the global community and sparked controversy. Animal activists enlisted celebrities to support a campaign against the killing of pilot whales. Unmoved, the Faroese are determined to continue their tradition and devise ever new weapons for killing the "grinds", insisting that it's no different to killing any other animal for food.
Read more on Faroe Islands whaling
Share. Grant Morrison and Andy Kubert detail how they created five new Batmen for this summer's Return of Bruce Wayne event. Grant Morrison and Andy Kubert detail how they created five new Batmen for this summer's Return of Bruce Wayne event.
This May, the Dark Knight will be returning to the pages of DC Comics. Over a year ago, in the last moments of Final Crisis, Bruce Wayne fell in a battle with the all-powerful god, Darkseid. Since that time, Gotham has struggled to find a new identity, with new gangs and power players emerging alongside a new Batman and a new Robin. In the coming months, Grant Morrison will not only detail Batman's struggle to return to a modern era, but once again reshape the landscape of Gotham as its true protector makes his mark once again.
While Morrison will be teaming with various artists in each issue of Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne, one artist is handling all of the covers and design work – Andy Kubert. Since first catching a glimpse of Caveman Batman, we've been captivated by these bold revisions, wanting to not only see the final products but get a behind the scenes look at how Kubert and Morrison sculpted these new Dark Knights. We figured if we were curious, you might be too.
In this incredibly special feature, we've asked Morrison and Kubert to discuss how these creations came about, from details on each iteration's design elements to how those designs then informed the plot. Kubert was kind enough to provide us with more sketches and layouts, and even included a design for Batman that was never used. You'll find each Batman on a different page, complete with artwork and commentary. We wrap things up with a quick Q&A with both creators – Kubert on his past and future work, and Morrison on a couple new details of Return of Bruce Wayne.
We hope you enjoy this feature as much as we enjoyed putting it together. Before we get started, let's give you a handy menu:
We asked Kubert about his thoughts on the project as a whole. Generating several new iterations of Batman through several centuries must have been a daunting task. How did the cover and design work come about? How did the creative process come along?
On Getting the Project:
Andy Kubert: I was first contacted by Batman group editor Mike Marts early last fall to see if I'd be interested in drawing one of the Return of Bruce Wayne issues. I told him I really wanted to, but I know what I have coming down the pike comic book work-wise plus with my teaching and administrative duties at the school (I work at my father's cartooning school). I very sadly had to decline. Mike then asked me if I'd be up for drawing a cover for one of the issues. I said yes, but in thinking about it for a few days, I thought it would be fun to draw all those interpretations of Bruce since it really bothered me that I didn't have the time to draw one of the interiors. Mike kindly obliged! I had no idea what the characters were except for one at that point. The project was at its infancy and from what Mike told me, Grant had a few ideas but nothing really fleshed out as of yet. All we really knew about was Caveman Batman… the others weren`t yet decided.
Then about a month later, I went up to the DC offices and had a working lunch with Mike. He had talked with Grant and had a better idea of the 6 issues and the characters and time periods but nothing concrete as far as story. It was at that lunch that we had come up with what the characters might look like and what the covers should be. It was so much fun…we would be tossing out ideas like, "Well, what if he just skinned a giant bat and wore that on his head?"…"What if he had this on or that on…" "Would he have a mask on…?" …"What was his background story…how and why would he have a hammer and would he kill….? Those types of things we were talked about in the restaurant for a good long time. Funny, too, when you're talking about these things in a busy restaurant you notice people at other tables looking at you odd… and I can't blame them.
PRAGUE, Nov 2 (Reuters) - The Czech National Bank raised its main interest rate by 25 basis points to 0.50 percent on Thursday, the second increase since August, when the bank became Europe's first monetary authority to embark on a tightening cycle.
All 16 analysts in a Reuters poll had expected the central bank to raise rates, and all except one saw a 25-basis-point move, with the outlier predicting a 50-basis-point change.
The Czech economy expanded by 4.7 percent year-on-year in the second quarter, pushing wages up and unemployment to the lowest level in the European Union, strengthening inflationary pressures. Leading indicators suggest the trend will continue into the next year.
The rate increase widens an interest rate differential with the European Central Bank, which said last week that it would cut its bond purchases in half from January but also extend the programme until the end of next September.
Bank of England meanwhile raised rates for the first time since 2007 on Thursday.
Czech markets will focus on a new quarterly central bank forecast for indications on how steep rate increase the bank expects going forward.
The last forecast, in August, saw the average 2018 repo rate at 0.49 percent. But several central bankers have since said they expected a more pronounced tightening, since the Czech currency has avoided strengthening enough to hold back rate increases.
The Reuters poll showed most analysts predicted another rate hike for the first quarter of 2018 after a pause in December.
The currency, the crown, has gained by 5.6 percent to the euro since the bank dropped a cap on the exchange rate in April. The currency's firming has been slowed by tens of billions of euros worth of crown positions built up before the end of the weak-currency policy.
The crown has been gaining more in recent weeks. Ahead of the decision on Thursday, the crown touched its highest levels since the float, its strongest since October 2013. It firmed a touch to 25.530 to the euro after the decision.
Investors have maintained their appetite for Czech assets, with foreign holdings of Czech domestic government bonds for the first time crossing 50 percent of the outstanding stock in September.
The board also voted on Thursday to raise the Lombard rate by 50 basis points to 1.00 percent and kept the deposit rate at 0.05 percent.
Governor Jiri Rusnok will present the quarterly update to the central bank's staff economic forecast at a news conference scheduled for 2:15 p.m. local time (1315 GMT). (Reporting by Jan Lopatka and Robert Muller, editing by Larry King)
Poll: 6 In 10 Black Americans Say Police Unfairly Stopped Them Or A Relative
A new poll out this week from NPR finds that 60 percent of black Americans say they or a family member have been stopped or treated unfairly by police because they are black. In addition, 45 percent say they or a family member have been treated unfairly by the courts because they are black. The poll is a collaboration between NPR, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
Loading...
The poll reveals the consequences of these stops for black Americans personally and across society — 31 percent of poll respondents say that fear of discrimination has led them to avoid calling the police when in need. And 61 percent say that where they live, police are more likely to use unnecessary force on a person who is black than on a white person in the same situation.
Previous polls have asked similar questions, but ours is unique in that it's the first to ask about lifetime experiences with policing. It's part of NPR's ongoing series "You, Me and Them: Experiencing Discrimination in America."
A Pew Research poll in 2016 asked whether people had been unfairly stopped by police because of race or ethnicity in the previous 12 months and found that 18 percent of black people said yes. A 2015 CBS News/New York Times poll asked whether this had ever happened and found 41 percent of black people said yes.
Our poll differs from Pew in that we asked not only about a much longer period but also whether people had been unfairly stopped or treated because of their race or ethnicity. We differ from CBS in that we included the word "unfairly." We also differ from both the Pew and CBS polls because we asked whether a person or a family member had had this experience, which gives us a better sense of the presence of these experiences in respondents' life and surroundings.
The black American data from our poll, released Tuesday, were compiled from 802 black Americans as part of a large national representative probability survey of 3,453 adults from Jan. 26 to April 9. The margin of error for the full black American sample is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
NPR will be reporting and releasing the results of the poll over the next several weeks for several groups, including Latinos, whites, Native Americans, Asian-Americans and LGBTQ adults.
The pregap on a Red Book audio CD is the portion of the audio track that precedes "index 01" for a given track in the table of contents (TOC). The pregap ("index 00") is typically two seconds long and usually, but not always, contains silence. Popular uses for having the pregap contain audio are live CDs, track interludes, and hidden songs in the pregap of the first track (detailed below).
Unconventional uses of the pregap [ edit ]
Computer data in pregap [ edit ]
The track 01 pregap was used to hide computer data, allowing computers to detect a data track whereas conventional CD players would continue to see the CD as an audio CD.
This method was quickly made obsolete in late 1996 when an update to Windows 95 in driver SCSI1HLP.VXD made the pregap track inaccessible. It is unclear whether or not this change in Microsoft Windows' behavior was intentional: for instance, it may have been intended to steer developers away from the pregap method and encourage what became the Blue Book specification "CD Extra" format.
Hidden audio tracks [ edit ]
On certain CDs, such as Think Tank by Blur, the track 01 pregap contains a hidden track. The track is truly hidden in the sense that most conventional standalone players and software CD players will not see it.
Such hidden tracks can be played by playing the first song and "rewinding" (more accurately, seeking in reverse) until the actual start of the whole CD audio track.
Not all CD drives can properly extract such hidden tracks. Some drives will report errors when reading these tracks, and some will seem to extract them properly, but the extracted file will contain only silence.
Pregaps in CD-R media [ edit ]
OS support [ edit ]
Mac OS X:
Currently does not support more than a 2-second pre-gap in the first track under its CD burning utilities. Using a combination of Roxio's Toast and a custom .cue file can provide a way around this.
Ripping of pregap audio is supported by the application X Lossless Decoder.[1]
Windows:
Exact Audio Copy provides the functionality to write to Index 0
Linux:
cdrecord supports writing any kind of pregap
cdrdao supports writing any kind of pregap
K3B, a frontend for several CD/DVD burning/ripping utilities, supports hiding the first track in the pregap of the second one.
See also [ edit ]
Washington (CNN) In a nearly seven-minute monologue on his show last night, Jimmy Kimmel delivered an impassioned call for Congress to reject the latest Republican attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare, insisting the bill put forward by Sens. Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy was worse than the previous measures the Senate has rejected.
"Health care is complicated," Kimmel told his audience. "It's boring. The details are confusing and that's what these guys are counting on." He posted the Senate switchboard number on screen and urged his audience to call Washington and tell members of Congress to reject this "scam" of a bill. "Tell them this bill doesn't pass your test," Kimmel said.
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 pic.twitter.com/eswlh6BaoV — Jimmy Kimmel (@jimmykimmel) September 20, 2017
It felt more like C-SPAN than late-night TV. And it's only the latest example of how Kimmel has, for many Americans, become the face and voice of the health care fight.
Kimmel's centrality to the attempts to repeal and replace Obamacare began in April when he revealed on-air that his infant son had been diagnosed with a heart ailment that required surgery -- and would likely require future surgeries. He added that before Obamacare his son might not have been able to get coverage due to a pre-existing condition.
"If your baby is going to die and it doesn't have to, it shouldn't matter how much money you make," Kimmel said at the time. "I think that's something that whether you're a Republican or a Democrat or something else, we all agree on that, right?"
Story highlights Former city clerk of Pleasant Hill, California, quit with blistering resignation letter
Kim Lehmkuhl said the job "has been an atrocious, incredibly depressing ... experience"
A recall effort to remove Lehmkuhl from the job was under way, mayor says
A scathing resignation letter written by a former city clerk in Pleasant Hill, California, has gone viral after she wished the city "best of luck in finding some schmuck" to fill her position.
"This has been an atrocious, incredibly depressing, and mind-numbingly inane experience I would not wish on anyone," former clerk Kim Lehmkuhl wrote in her resignation letter. "I wish the City the best of luck in finding some schmuck eager to transcribe every last misogynistic joke, self-indulgent anecdote, and pathetic pandering attempt by Council, and every tinfoil hat conspiracy theory, racist aside, and NIMBY asshattery from the lovely Council meeting frequent flyers, without which, surely our democracy could not flourish. June, also best of luck with your imminent unfunded pensions scandal, that is going to be a rough one."
The letter was addressed to Mayor Tim Flaherty and City Manager June Catalano. It became public after it was admitted into the record during a council meeting Monday.
"At least her resignation demonstrated her ability to craft a full sentence with colorful language," Flaherty told CNN, adding that there was a recall effort under way to remove Lehmkuhl.
"Every councilmember had called for her resignation," he said. "We had to hire people to do her job."
CNN reached out to Lehmkuhl via Twitter and e-mail but did not receive a response.
In a blog dedicated to her clerk campaign, Lehmkuhl wrote she "would be honored to have the opportunity to serve our local community as your City Clerk." She adds, "I am committed to helping Pleasant Hill residents stay engaged in our community, and to keeping City Hall accountable, ethical and transparent."
Martin Nelis, the city's public information officer, told CNN that residents had complained that Lehmkuhl would post offensive tweets during public meetings about what was being discussed.
"Residents criticized her for tweeting during meetings rather than taking notes or recording the proceedings of the meetings for the formal minutes process," he said.
The Twitter account Lehmkuhl used has since been disabled.
"We are not quite sure why she ran for office in the first place, what her expectations were once elected. We have never received a complete answer. Obviously what her expectation was is different of what the public and the council expected of her," Nelis said.
Flaherty said he considered sending the letter back to Lehmkuhl and asking her to rewrite it but instead settled for, "Your decision is best for you and for the City of Pleasant Hill."
Guest contributor Al Navarro is the father of a Y14 Women's Epee fencer. When not standing around convention centers waiting for DEs to start, he lives and works in New Jersey. He is working on a blog for the parents of current and aspiring youth fencers.
A fellow Y14 WE parent and I have this running joke…whenever we see each other at NACs/SYCs, we greet each other with some version of “Our tour of America's second-tier cities' convention centers continues…”.
All kidding aside, and with full acknowledgement that cost is a factor for USA Fencing when planning these events, I happen to love the fact that my daughter's involvement in fencing has taken our family to places in this great land that we might not have visited otherwise.
Consider this the first in what I hope to be a series on some of the “usual suspects” on the USA Fencing circuit. A quick profile of what to do/see/eat when you're not at the venue. It's skewed towards the families of youth fencers, because you know, I have a youth fencer. Feel free to add comments or your own suggestions in the comments — hope you like it!
Fencingtown: Milwaukee
If I based my like or dislike of a city on how well my daughter fenced there, Milwaukee would rank fairly low. But since I don't factor that in (well, maybe just a little…three cheers for Memphis!), Milwaukee is one of our favorite fencing destinations. Why? Besides just an overall safe and welcoming vibe, there's a lot to do for non-fencers, the convention center is among the nicest we've been trapped in, and the food scene is pretty darn good.
If you try any of the places below, please be sure to mention that you heard about it from TFC.
Where to eat
Kegel's Inn [http://www.kegelsinn.com]
While not the most famous of Milwaukee's German restaurants (I'd save that honor for Ratzch's or Mader's), Kegel's impressed us enough that we returned on our second trip to Milwaukee. A little less formal than either of the two eateries mentioned above, with lower prices to match. At the recent April NAC, we went on a Friday night without a reservation and had to wait about 30 minutes, but the food came quickly and was as delicious as I had remembered. I'm a somewhat recently converted vegetarian, and they were kind enough to make a meatless reuben for me (disclosing that the sauerkraut was cooked with pork fat and bacon bits). My daughter had her “go to” dish, wiener schnitzel, and appreciated how light Kegel's version is. For a piece of breaded and fried meat, that is.
Millioke [http://www.milliokerestaurant.com]
While Millioke (an Algonquin word for “the good land” and allegedly the origin of the city's name, according to the restaurant's website) is housed in a downtown Marriott, it very much feels like a local “farm to table” restaurant. Or perhaps that should say “smokehouse to table”. In addition to their lunch and dinner menus, Millioke features a strong sausage and charcuterie selection from local producers like Usinger's. There's a separate cheese menu as well (Packers fans didn't get the nickname for nothing). The vibe is fun and modern, and service and food were outstanding. Private rooms are available for groups of a certain size.
Photo from Yelp.com
Alem Ethiopian Village [http://alem-ethiopianvillage.com]
Our family's Ethiopian food jones started with a place in Richmond (on yet another fencing-related trip), but we've now been to Alem Ethiopian Village twice. Located just down the street from Millioke, the portions are generous, priced fairly, and the food is tasty. Great options for vegetarians. If you've never eaten Ethiopian food before, keep in mind that it's customarily eaten without utensils…dishes are served with injera, a sort of tortilla/pita-like thing that you use to scoop the food up with your hands. Alem has a few traditional low tables and stools for a more authentic experience if you want it. Worth trying, especially if you've never had this African cuisine before.
Photo from Alem Ethiopian Village website
Tenuta's [http://www.tenutasitalian.com]
The April 2015 NAC marked our first time at this neighborhood corner Italian. A little tough to find and will require a cab or car to get there from downtown…but very worth the trip. Excellent appetizers and small plates, as well as your traditional “red sauce” dishes. They make their red sauce on the sweet side, but no one in our group was complaining. Save room for dessert.
Photo from Yelp.com
Milwaukee Brat House [http://www.milwaukeebrathouse.com]
Claiming to have “the most authentically Milwaukee menu in the city”, the Brat House is located on a street packed with other restaurants, including Mader's. Has more of a “bar that happens to serve food” feeling than the other restaurants I've listed here. Plenty of sausage on the menu, all (I think) of it from Usinger's…which is conveniently located across the street. I recommend the Cheese Curds (a “when in Wisconsin” thing) and the Bavarian Pretzel appetizers.
Leon's Frozen Custard [http://leonsfrozencustard.us]
Regardless of where you eat in Milwaukee, you may want to pass on dessert and set your GPS to Leon's. On our first visit to the city, people told us to visit Kopp's and Leon's…and for our money, Leon's is the undisputed champ. We've been there 4 times over 2 visits, that's how good it is. Cash only. But considering that roughly 2 bucks gets you a double dip cone, you won't need much. Note…there is no place to sit at Leon's (that I could see) and parking can get hairy.
Got a free day/morning/afternoon?
Milwaukee Art Museum [https://mam.org]
This lakefront cultural landmark is most famous for its Santiago Calatrava-designed addition, which sports a wing-like “brise soleil” (google that one kids!) which opens and closes at set times throughout the day. Definitely worth scheduling your visit around these times. The museum houses a nice art collection (which according to the website is currently not on display due to the renovation of the galleries) but it's the architecture of the building itself that will keep the majority of kids engaged.
Harley-Davidson Museum [http://www.harley-davidson.com]
Despite my affinity for motorized wheeled vehicles of all kinds, I've never been here, mostly because I think my daughter would be bored out of her gourd. According to the website, the H-D Museum showcases over 450 motorcycles and artifacts — including “Serial Number One”, the oldest known Harley on the planet. The museum has an on-site restaurant and offers guided behind the scenes tours for an additional fee.
Milwaukee Public Museum [http://www.mpm.edu]
A natural history/anthropology museum that should capture the imagination of pretty much any kid (especially those who find art museum's boring). We went on our first visit to the city, and had a good time. Some of the exhibits felt a tad out of date, but were still charming in their own way. Be sure to check the website before going to see what special exhibitions might be going on. When we visited last season, “The Scoop on Poop” was on display…and made for at least a weekend's worth of bathroom jokes and giggle-inducing photos.
Milwaukee Public Market [http://www.milwaukeepublicmarket.org/main.html]
Similar to the North Market in Columbus, the Public Market in Milwaukee houses a range of mostly food/beverage vendors. It's a short walk from the more popular convention center hotels. There are several restaurants listed on the market's website that are not actually in the market, but on adjacent streets. We had brunch at Benelux Grand Café [http://www.cafebenelux.com/menus.php]and enjoyed the food and atmosphere (try the crepe-like “pannenkoeken”, available with sweet or savory toppings). Note…this place is good which mean it's popular. By the time we left, there looked to be a significant line and wait time for an available table.
LANSING, MI -- As it stands today you can openly carry a firearm, but not a sign, into the state capitol. But two Democratic Representatives are seeking to flip which of those two items are permissible.
"If two people show up at the Capitol, one armed with a rifle and one holding a sign, only one of them will be turned away -- the person with the sign," said Rep. Jeremy Moss, D-Southfield, one of the sponsors.
"Signs aren't designed to harm or kill, but apparently some politicians are afraid of them. Meanwhile, people who expect to be safe inside state buildings are often startled to see other visitors carrying rifles on their backs, or carrying handguns in holsters."
Firearms are prohibited in federally-owned buildings, but states set their own rules in state-owned buildings. Michigan currently allows open carry guns, and advocates assemble to open carry at the capitol at least once a year. Bills from Rep. Robert Wittenberg, D-Oak Park, would ban guns from state buildings as well.
"There's a reason deadly weapons are kept out of sensitive places such as courtrooms and airports," Rep. Wittenberg said. "Our proposals would simply bring Michigan laws in line with federal rules and help ensure the safety of visitors to state buildings while protecting everyone's right to free speech. I urge my colleagues to give their support to these common-sense proposals."
Visitors to the state capitol are asked to leave their signs outside. A notice at its entrance warns people of the policy, which is in place to prevent accidental damage to the historic building.
Josh Howley, 40, of Three Rivers, was on the capitol lawn with Michigan Gun Owners for an event Wednesday. He usually carries a concealed weapon, but was open carrying for the occasion and supports the right of people to carry however they choose. He's gone inside the capitol with his openly-carried gun, he said, and thinks it should continue to be allowed.
"Why when I walk in the door right there am I all of a sudden a bad person?" He asked.
But he disagreed with the ban on signs as well, saying guns and signs weren't related.
"I believe signs should be allowed too. It's not an either-or, that's a stupid thing," Howley said.
But the three-bill package, slated for introduction later Thursday, would relate the two issues.
Emily Lawler is a Capitol reporter on MLive's statewide Impact Team. You can reach her at elawler@mlive.com, subscribe to her on Facebook or follow her on Twitter: @emilyjanelawler.
Day two of The 2nd ForgeWatch Invitational took place on September 27, 2014. This day featured the Top 16 who survived the original field of 64 top-tier players.
The ForgeWatch crew organized and provided live coverage of the tournament.
T16 Bracket | Day 2 VoD | Day 1 VoD | New UI Preview (feedback encouraged!)
Nekrium shows off its relevance in the current landscape, appearing in twelve of the top sixteen decklists. The Top 16 field at a glance: 9 NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen, 4 AT Killion Flamebreak, 3 NT Varna Tempo.
Despite balance changes to popular cards between the first and second day of the tournament, the majority of players ran lists featuring the dominant Dysian Broodqueen which they had no doubt become exceptionally familiar with over the weeks leading up to the tournament. The finals match was a BO5 opportunity with Zwaxor on Broodqueen and Stillhadalldeez on AT Flamebreak.
At the end of a five game struggle the Broodqueen pilot emerged victorious. Congratulations Zwaxor!
The decklists for the Top 16 are listed by finish below.
Zwaxor – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – 1st
Affiliation: A1
Prize: Work with SBE to Design a card. 35,000 Gold. Choice of Set 3 legendary.
3 Aetherphage
3 Dysian Broodqueen
2 Grimgaunt Devourer
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Thundersaur
3 Weirwood Patriarch
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Echowisp
2 Nefrax, the Soulweaver
2 Scatterspore Eidolon
3 Ferocious Roars
1 Lysian Shard
Stillhadalldeez – AT Killion Flamebreak – 2nd
Affiliation: 5th Faction
Prize: 30,000 Gold. Choice of Set 3 legendary.
3 Flamebreak Invoker
3 Ghox, Metamind Paragon
3 Ironmind Acolyte
3 Killion, Infinity Warden
3 Scorchmane Dragon
3 Burnout
3 Energy Surge
3 Oratek Battlebrand
3 Static Shock
2 Uranti Bolt
1 Nanoswarm
Bryan – NT Varna Tempo – 3rd
Affiliation: Team Epik Kool
Prize: 25,000 Gold. Choice of Set 3 legendary.
3 Frostmane Dragon
3 Tarsus Deathweaver
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Byzerak Spitemage
2 Cinderbound Barbarian
2 Ebonskull Knight
2 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Static Shock
3 Nethershriek
3 Varnas's Pact
2 Epidemic
2 Burnout
CMUStewart – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – 4th
Affiliation: Ghox's Socks
Prize: 20,000 Gold. Choice of Set 3 legendary.
3 Aetherphage
3 Dysian Broodqueen
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Grimgaunt Devourer
3 Scatterspore Eidolon
3 Stygian Lotus
3 Tarsus Deathweaver
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Shardbound Invoker
1 Echowisp
3 Ferocious Roars
1ndeed – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 8
Afilliation: A1
Prize: 10,000 Gold.
3 Aetherphage
3 Dysian Broodqueen
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Thundersaur
3 Weirwood Patriarch
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Branchweaver Druid
2 Grimgaunt Devourer
2 Stygian Lotus
3 Ferocious Roars
2 Nethershriek
1 Dysian Siphon
DarksoulSP – NT Varna Tempo feat. Binben – Top 8
Affiliation: 5th Faction
Prize: 10,000 Gold.
3 Flamebreak Invoker
3 Grimgaunt Predator
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Binben, Lightning Herald
2 Grimgaunt Devourer
2 Tarsus Deathweaver
1 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Burnout
3 Flame Lance
3 Static Shock
3 Varnas's Pact
2 Cull the Weak
Gottabekd – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 8
Affiliation: A1
Prize: 10,000 Gold.
3 Aetherphage
3 Dysian Broodqueen
2 Grimgaunt Devourer
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Stygian Lotus
3 Weirwood Patriarch
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Cercee, Hand of Varna
2 Ebonskull Knight
2 Thundersaur
1 Nefrax, the Soulweaver
3 Ferocious Roars
Zrandles – AT Killion Flamebreak – Top 8
Affiliation: TheMetamart
Prize: 10,000 Gold.
3 Flamebreak Invoker
3 Ghox, Metamind Paragon
3 Ironmind Acolyte
3 Killion, Infinity Warden
3 Scorchmane Dragon
1 Aetherforge Oracle
1 Iron Maiden
3 Energy Surge
3 Oratek Battlebrand
3 Static Shock
1 Burnout
1 Conflagrate
1 Metasculpt
1 Uranti Bolt
Brakara – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 16
Affiliation: None
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3x Aetherphage
3x Dysian Broodqueen
3x Grimgaunt Doomrider
3x Weirwood Patriarch
3x Xithian Direhound
2x Grimgaunt Devourer
2x Scatterspore Eidolon
2x Shardbound Invoker
2x Stygian Lotus
2x Thundersaur
3x Ferocious Roar
2x Cull the Weak
ErrorAsh – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 16
Affiliation: None
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3x Aetherphage
3x Dysian Broodqueen
3x Echowisp
3x Grimgaunt Devourer
2x Grimgaunt Doomrider
3x Shardbound Invoker
3x Xithian Direhound
2x Oros, Deepwood's Chosen
2x Thundersaur
2x Cull the Weak
2x Dysian Siphon
2x Ferocious Roar
Hans – AT Killion Flamebreak – Top 16
Affiliation: TheMetamart
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3 Flamebreak Invoker
3 Ghox, Metamind Paragon
3 Ironmind Acolyte
3 Killion, Infinity Warden
3 Scorchmane Dragon
1 Battle Techtician
3 Burnout
3 Energy Surge
3 Oratek Battlebrand
3 Static Shock
2 Uranti Bolt
Piquadore – AT Killion Flamebreak – Top 16
Affiliation: Team Epik Kool
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3x Flamebreak Invoker
3x Ghox, Metamind Paragon
3x Ironmind Acolyte
3x Killion, Infinity Warden
2x Iron Maiden
2x Metamind Adept
2x Scorchmane Dragon
3x Energy Surge
3x Static Shock
3x Oratek Battlebrand
2x Flame lance
1x Metasculpt
PTKTempo – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 16
Affiliation: 5th Faction
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3 Aetherphage
3 Branchweaver Druid
3 Dysian Broodqueen
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Scatterspore Eidolon
3 Stygian Lotus
3 Tarsus Deathweaver
2 Nefrax, the Soulweaver
1 Grimgaunt Devourer
3 Ferocious Roars
3 Nethershriek
RampingShop – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 16
Affiliation: Unknown
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3 Aetherphage
3 Dysian Broodqueen
2 Echowisp
3 Grimgaunt Devourer
2 Grimgaunt Doomrider
2 Scatterspore Eidolon
2 Shardbound Invoker
3 Stygian Lotus
3 Weirwood Patriarch
3 Xithian Direhound
3 Ferocious Roars
1 Cull the Weak
Tetrarain – NU Grimgaunt Broodqueen – Top 16
Affiliation: DeadOnBoard
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3 Aetherphage
3 Dysian Broodqueen
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Tarsus Deathweaver
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Grimgaunt Devourer
2 Oros, Deepwood's Chosen
2 Shardbound Invoker
2 Stygian Lotus
1 Echowisp
2 Ferocious Roars
2 Nethershriek
2 Varnas's Pact
WookieMike – NT Varna Tempo – Top 16
Affiliation: Ghox's Socks
Prize: 5,000 Gold.
3 Byzerak Spitemage
3 Grimgaunt Doomrider
3 Frostmane Dragon
3 Tarsus Deathweaver
3 Xithian Direhound
2 Grimgaunt Devourer
2 Nefrax, the Soulweaver
2 Ebonskull Knight
3 Varnas's Pact
2 Cull the Weak
2 Epidemic
1 Frostshatter Strike
1 Shallow Grave
Notes: This event featured some of the best SolForge players, was run by the most experienced SolForge tournament organizers, and featured support and interaction with Stone Blade Entertainment employees. All of that is awesome! Great job to all participants today and a big thanks to the ForgeWatch crew who organized and provided coverage not just for this event but also all of the qualifiers leading up to the event.
Happiness is, by nature, a subjective quality with a definition like a moving target. There is scant evidence — qualitative or quantitative — to lend convincing support to those life variables most critical in determining individual happiness, which is likely why past researchers committed to the scientific method rarely tried to tackle the subject.
This is changing. Take, for example, the World Database of Happiness in Rotterdam, self-described as a, “continuous register of scientific research on subjective appreciation of life.” Also, take the positive psychologists, a movement whose “members” perform scientific research into the nature of happiness and who published Character Strengths and Virtues: A Handbook and Classification, an 800-page behemoth that outlines all the characteristics, behaviors and conditions that lead to happiness.
While we're not entirely convinced of this marriage between science and subjectivity, we can still offer up a top 10 of things that determine human happiness, as supported by this growing body of research.
No.10 – Having a short memory
Are you one to hold grudges? Do you need the jaws of life to pry forgiveness out of you? Well, don't expect these attributes to contribute to your happiness or to your overall health for that matter. This ability to forgive and forget, to go with the flow, is frequently cited by researchers of centenarians as being a key factor in their ability to live to see their 100th birthday.
No.9 – Exacting fairness
According to a recently published study in the prestigious journal Nature, people derive more happiness from scenarios and situations that result in a perceived fairness for everyone involved, even when this fairness goes against self-interest or comes at some personal cost. In short, researchers at Rutgers found that the reward centers in the brain light up in situations in which people are treated equally.
No.8 – Having lots of friendships
Extroverts are happier than introverts and they live longer lives, in part because they can spend time in the company of friends and family or they can spend time alone, according to happiness researcher Ed Diener. Like letting go of grudges and going with the flow, being extroverted and having a wide social circle is a major factor in whether someone considers themselves happy or not, as well as an often-cited reason to explain how some people live to be 100 or older. At any rate, it's a reason to justify spending a little time at work on social networking sites.
No.7 – Being spiritual
The results of a collaborative, multinational study that involved over 166,000 people showed a clear correlation between a person's “strength of religious affiliation and frequency of attendance at worship services” and their self-reported levels of happiness and satisfaction with their lives. How is this correlation explained? Researchers postulate that this increased involvement in a spiritual circle means more friends, a wider support network and a higher degree of hopefulness.
No.6 – Thinking ahead
In his book Stumbling on Happiness, Harvard psychologist Daniel Gilbert argues that happiness is derived from the ability to accurately project what will in the future make us happy — not those things that actually do. He notes that we are the only species that truly considers the future, and this ability to think ahead and to imagine the future is “the defining aspect of our humanity.”
According to Gilbert, studies support the idea that we enjoy thinking into the future because more often than not, it's something of a daydream, and in daydreams we are at our most successful. Furthermore, because imagining the future and what actually happens in that future are often at odds, many people derive far more happiness from the anticipation of a future event than the actual event.
No.5 – Developing a skill
According to psychology professor Dr. Timothy A. Pychyl, the route to happiness is simple enough, “Live it, don't buy it.” This is especially relevant in the modern world, where instant gratification can be purchased — but only to a point, before it hits a wall.
He quotes a professional base jumper, who says, “You've got to have the passion to do your time. If you haven't done the time, you just can't get there.” He goes on to argue that only by paying one's dues through time, effort, devotion, and experience can we, “develop the rich experiences that make life meaningful.”
No.4 – Having personal control over one's life
Where might you find unhappy people with low morale? Those places where people no longer feel in personal control of their lives, whether it's a nursing home or a prison, because control equates to happiness. In his book Satisfaction, Emory University psychiatrist Gregory Berns makes the point by distinguishing between pleasure and satisfaction, “While you might find pleasure by happenstance, satisfaction can arise only by the conscious decision to do something. And this makes all the difference in the world, because it is only your own actions for which you may take responsibility and credit.”
No.3 – Defining success
There's a saying that no matter how talented or successful you think you are, there's always someone who's got a leg up on you. People who compare themselves against those people will always come out the loser, even when the comparison is neither appropriate nor consequential. A skilled dentist with a thriving practice can't reasonably compare his level of success to Robert De Niro and expect to feel good. If he made comparisons within his own peer group or against his own expectations, however, he'll not only come out more favorably, but he'll be happier too.
As Gallup psychologist Shane Lopez explained to Psychology Today writer Abby Ellin, “Self-referential people see themselves as the marker. They care about their own performance, not how they measure up compared to that guy over there…. The only competitor is the self.”
No.2 – Good genes
According to “The Science of Lasting Happiness,” an article by Marina Krakovsky published by Scientific American in 2007, “studies of twins and adoptees have shown that about 50% of each person's happiness is determined from birth”, what's loosely termed as a “genetic set point.” The weight of this variable on determining our happiness is supported by hedonic adaptation; according to this theory, even if we win the lottery, within a year or so of coming into this kind of material good fortune, we adapt to it and revert back to whatever level of happiness we were at before.
No.1 – Liking yourself
Liking oneself is arguably the principal characteristic of happy people. It's been revealed in study after study: happy people like themselves. They think they're pretty great people. They have high self-esteem, meaning they think highly of their own intelligence, they consider themselves to have strong ethical standards and to have far fewer prejudices than others.
Top 10: Things That Determine Happiness provided by AskMen.com.
Related
Flowey will mistake Frisk for Chara since their second meeting after toriel battle. It does not matter in what route you are on. Chara just needed to die and ask asgore to use their soul when they did. The whole elaborate plan to break the barrier and go out to kill more humans, forcing their friend to kill, imediately picking his body and going away, not even surprised by being able to control Asriel, make it seem like there was more than just freeing the monsters, that Chara had more plans.
I don't think Asgore had any intention of ever taking Chara's soul, because on Chara's premature death bed he says:
Asgore implores Chara to stay determined and because they are the future of humans and monsters, and that they need to be alive in order to realize that future.
Asgore's dream at this point is not just to free his people but for peace to be achieved between humans and monsters once more, and that Chara can be the fulfillment of that wish. But for Asgore, Chara needs to be alive in order to realize that dream.
So no, Chara asking Asgore to take their Soul upon death would not be an option.
Also, both Chara and Asriel were planning to cross the barrier and take the six needed Souls together. Chara may have initiated the plan but Asriel had been assuring them that he would not doubt them.
And even while Chara was comatose and not pressuring Asriel into following the plan Asriel continues to claim to be keeping his faith in Chara.
While both Chara and Asriel were going forward with this plan without any absolute knowledge of how Soul fusion worked, they were both still sure of one thing: that they were going to “do it together.”
We'll be strong!
We'll free everyone.
We just have to get six…
And we'll do it together, right?
Asriel's words suggest that while Chara would have just been a Soul after they died that they were still going to have enough presence to be able to act along side him.
While neither child knew what the logistics of the fusion would be, they still knew that whatever they did it would have to be done together, not divided, or with one exerting control over the other.
Asriel had just as much control over the fusion as Chara did.
There was nothing Chara could do without Asriels consent and vice versa.
Chara could not have “more plans” because for those plans to work they would have needed Asriel's “okay.”
There was only the plan, and Asriel backed out of it when he realized at the last minute what the long term effects of that plan would have caused.
Which was good because it prevented another war breaking out between monsters and humans, but not perfect because it brought about both Asriel and Chara's deaths and prolonged the monster's entrapment and hopelessness.
After becoming sidelined with an MCL sprain that he suffered about two months ago, Nene is finally expected to return to the Washington Wizards' lineup. According to J.Michael of CSN Washington, Nene went through a full practice today and is expected to be back soon.
Washington's next game is on Wednesday night against the Charlotte Bobcats, and if prior reports are true, Nene could potentially be ready by then. He's been right on schedule in terms of the rehab process and a return to game-action shouldn't be ruled out on Wednesday. When players go down with injury, their final step before returning to the court is usually going through a full practice, so this is a good indication for Nene.
The Wizards have continued to play above .500 ball without Nene, but their defense has slipped a bit. Trevor Booker, Al Harrington and Drew Gooden, who the team almost immediately signed after Nene got hurt, have helped the Wizards on the offensive side of the floor, but their defense leaves much to be desired.
For Washington to have success, they have to go back to playing high caliber defense and they've had trouble doing that without Nene on the court. Of course, it certainly won't hurt to have another offensive weapon back on the court either.
Washington is currently sixth in the Eastern Conference and their match up against the Bobcats on Wednesday night could potentially be their most important game of the season. If the Wizards want to avoid playing against the Miami Heat or Indiana Pacers in the first round of the NBA Playoffs, it could come down to the outcome of Wednesday night's game.
Nevertheless, I'm sure the Wizards will welcome Nene back with open arms. Marcin Gortat has been forced to carry the front line in Nene's absence and he's especially looking forward to his return:
“He can knock down the open jump shot. He's a huge threat defensively under the basket. It's a huge difference. He's a veteran. He's a very skilled player.”
If Nene returns on Wednesday night, I'd expect him to come off the bench until he gets his legs underneath him before the playoffs begin. Washington has been cautious with their injured players this season and I doubt they'd want to thrust Nene back into the starting lineup after coming off a somewhat serious injury.
Remember when the MythBusters would test something so obvious, you thought why bother? Well, the outcome of this study is sort of like that. Unsurprisingly the states that you were thinking of are likely at the top of the list. Based on a study conduced by iSeeCars, people in Florida are most likely to buy a convertible. In fact, convertibles represent 3.6% of all cars sold there (during the period tested). Coming in second is Arizona with convertibles representing 2.8% of sales. California is third with 2.7%.
The agency that conducted the study looked at about 15 Million cars over the past year (between April 1, 2016 and March 31, 2017). According to the study, the national average is 1.9%. So that means out of 15 Million cars sold, only about 285K were convertibles. You can see the full run down below.
State Convertible Share FL 3.6% AZ 2.8% CA 2.7% NV 2.3% GA 2.2% SC 2.2% VA 2.1% NJ 2.1% CT 2.1% TN 2.0% NC 1.9% RI 1.9% DE 1.9% Average 1.9% MD 1.8% IL 1.8% TX 1.7% AL 1.7% NH 1.7% HI 1.6% MA 1.6% IN 1.6% NY 1.6% MO 1.6% WA 1.6% OR 1.6% OH 1.5% PA 1.5% NM 1.5% CO 1.4% AR 1.3% LA 1.3% KY 1.3% OK 1.3% MS 1.3% SD 1.2% KS 1.2% MI 1.2% NE 1.1% WV 1.1% MN 1.1% UT 1.1% WI 1.1% IA 1.1% VT 1.1% ME 1.0% ID 1.0% ND 0.8% MT 0.7% WY 0.6% AK 0.4%
Like this: Like Loading...
Category: lists, research Post navigation
Share this: Twitter Facebook Google
ESPN will present approximately 100 men's and women's Division I Lacrosse games in the 2016 season, including the ACC, America East, Atlantic Sun, Big Ten and Ivy League conference championship games, the entire Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship and the semifinals and final of the Division I Women's Lacrosse Championship.
ESPNU will televise more than 25 men's division I games in the regular season, beginning this weekend when UMBC travels to Ohio State (Friday, Feb. 26 at 5 p.m. ET) and No. 11 North Carolina visits No. 8 Johns Hopkins (Sunday, Feb 28 at noon). The network's industry-leading slate is highlighted by No. 1 Notre Dame hosting No. 2 Denver (Sunday, March 13 at 5:30 p.m.), the first of three top-five matchups scheduled for ESPNU: No. 3 Syracuse at No. 5 Duke (March 26), No. 1 Notre Dame at No. 3 Syracuse (April 2) and No. 5 Duke at No. 1 Notre Dame (April 10). Combined with ESPN3, ESPN offers more than 45 men's games this season.
Highlights:
ESPNU: More than 75% of the games scheduled features a matchup of ranked teams
1 Notre Dame: Eight appearances, including five games vs. ranked teams and its regular season finale vs. Army (May 8)
Defending Champions: 2 Denver Pioneers will be featured twice: at No. 11 North Carolina (March 5) and the previously mentioned showdown with No. 1 Notre Dame.
Conference Championships: ACC (May 1), America East, Big Ten (May 7) and Ivy (May 8) championship games will be aired on ESPNU. The Ivy League's semifinals will stream on ESPN3 (May 6) Top 5 Teams: Notre Dame, Denver, Syracuse, Maryland and Duke will make more than 30 combined appearances
ESPN will carry more than 35 women's lacrosse games, including No. 20 Loyola (Md.) at No. 15 Johns Hopkins (Wed. Feb 24 at 5 p.m.) and No. 17 Stanford at No. 15 Johns Hopkins (March 23 at 4 p.m.) on ESPNU. Combined with ESPN3, 12 ranked teams will be featured this season, including 11 total appearances by No. 2 Syracuse, No. 5 North Carolina, and No. 6 Notre Dame. Overall, 17 games feature a ranked team, including 12 games featuring ranked teams facing off, highlighted by No. 2 Syracuse vs. No. 6 Notre Dame (March 26) and vs. No. 5 North Carolina (April 16). The regular season concludes with complete coverage of the Atlantic Sun Tournament on ESPN3 (May 5-8).
2016 NCAA Championship
ESPN will be the home of the 2016 NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship beginning with the selection show on May 8 at 9 p.m. on ESPNU. ESPN will have complete first-round coverage from campus sites, quarterfinal coverage from Providence, R.I. (May 21) and Columbus, Ohio (May 22) then semifinals (May 28) and finals (May 30) from Philadelphia. Complete coverage details will be announced at a later date.
ESPN Commentators
ESPN's robust coverage is anchored by an accomplished list of commentators across its ESPNU schedule. Analysts include:
Quint Kessenich –Two-time winner of the Ensign C. Markland Kelly, Jr. Award as the nation's best goalie when he played for Johns Hopkins
–Two-time winner of the Ensign C. Markland Kelly, Jr. Award as the nation's best goalie when he played for Johns Hopkins Paul Carcaterra – All-American and national champion with the Syracuse Orangemen; played professionally with Major League Lacrosse's New Jersey Pride and participated in the World Lacrosse Games.
– All-American and national champion with the Syracuse Orangemen; played professionally with Major League Lacrosse's New Jersey Pride and participated in the World Lacrosse Games. Ryan Boyle – Four-time All-American at Princeton, winning the national championship with the Tigers in 2001. Played professionally in both the NLL and MLL, most recently with the Boston Cannons.
Four-time All-American at Princeton, winning the national championship with the Tigers in 2001. Played professionally in both the NLL and MLL, most recently with the Boston Cannons. Matt Ward – Won the Tewaaraton Trophy, was named the most standing player in the Men's Lacrosse. Championship and won the national championship with Virginia in 2006. A year later, won Rookie of the Year in the MLL playing for the Washington Bayhawks.
– Won the Tewaaraton Trophy, was named the most standing player in the Men's Lacrosse. Championship and won the national championship with Virginia in 2006. A year later, won Rookie of the Year in the MLL playing for the Washington Bayhawks. Ryan Flanagan – Nation's top defensemen in 2011 while playing at North Carolina; been named a MLL All-Star all five years he has played in the league, currently with the Charlotte Hounds.
– Nation's top defensemen in 2011 while playing at North Carolina; been named a MLL All-Star all five years he has played in the league, currently with the Charlotte Hounds. Mark Dixon – Helped Johns Hopkins reach the national semifinals in 1992 and 1993; current college lacrosse official
Helped Johns Hopkins reach the national semifinals in 1992 and 1993; current college lacrosse official Sheehan Stanwick Burch: Four-time All American at Georgetown and finalist for the Tewaaraton Award.
Eamon McAnaney, ESPN's lead play-by-play commentator played lacrosse at Notre Dame. Anish Shroff, Mike Corey, John Brickley, Booker Corrigan and Mark Dixon will also handle play-by-play duties throughout the season
2016 Men's College Lacrosse Schedule (subject to change; all ESPN3 games are exclusive)
2016 Men's Schedule
Date Time (ET) Game Network Sat, Feb 27 1 p.m. No. 5 Duke at Jacksonville ESPN3 Sun, Feb 28 Noon No. 11 North Carolina at No. 8 Johns Hopkins ESPNU 4 p.m. Army at No. 3 Syracuse ESPN3 Tue, Mar 1 7 p.m. Mercer at No. 5 Duke ESPN3 Fri, Mar 4 5:30 p.m. No. 3 Syracuse at No. 10 Virginia ESPNU Sat, Mar 5 1 p.m. No. 2 Denver at No. 11 North Carolina ESPN3^ Siena at St. John's ESPN3 Princeton at No. 8 Johns Hopkins ESPN3# Mon, Mar 7 7 p.m. Richmond at No. 5 Duke ESPN3 Sat, Mar 12 Noon No. 4 Maryland at Princeton ESPNU 2 p.m. No. 14 Towson at No. 8 Johns Hopkins ESPNU 4 p.m. St. John's at No. 3 Syracuse ESPN3 Sun, Mar 13 5:30 p.m. No. 2 Denver at No. 1 Notre Dame ESPNU Wed, Mar 16 6 p.m. Albany at No. 4 Maryland ESPNU Sat, Mar 19 Noon Bellarmine at Jacksonville ESPN3 4 p.m. No. 3 Syracuse at No. 8 Johns Hopkins ESPNU 6 p.m. No. 10 Virginia at No. 1 Notre Dame ESPNU 7 p.m. Richmond at No. 11 North Carolina ESPN3 Tue, Mar 22 7 p.m. Air Force at No. 5 Duke ESPN3 Sat, Mar 26 Noon No. 3 Syracuse at No. 5 Duke ESPNU 1 p.m. Hofstra at St. John's ESPN3 2 p.m. No. 11 North Carolina at No. 4 Maryland ESPNU Sun, Mar 27 1 p.m. No. 8 Johns Hopkins at No. 10 Virginia ESPNU 3 p.m. No. 1 Notre Dame at Ohio State ESPNU Fri, Apr 1 6 p.m. No. 11 North Carolina at No. 5 Duke ESPNU Sat, Apr 2 5 p.m. No. 1 Notre Dame at No. 3 Syracuse ESPNU Sun, Apr 3 Noon No. 12 Penn State at Ohio State ESPNU Sat, Apr 9 Noon Marquette at St. John's ESPN3 2 p.m. Ohio State at No. 8 Johns Hopkins ESPNU Sun, Apr 10 Noon No. 5 Duke at No. 1 Notre Dame ESPNU 2 p.m. No. 10 Virginia at No. 11 North Carolina ESPNU Wed, Apr 13 4 p.m. Marquette at No. 1 Notre Dame ESPN3 Sat, Apr 16 4 p.m. No. 11 North Carolina at No. 3 Syracuse ESPN3$ Sun, Apr 17 Noon No. 5 Duke at No. 10 Virginia ESPNU Wed, Apr 20 7 p.m. Binghamton at No. 3 Syracuse ESPN3 Fri, Apr 22 7 p.m. Marquette at No. 5 Duke ESPN3 Sat, Apr 23 Noon No. 1 Notre Dame at No. 11 North Carolina ESPNU 1 p.m. Mercer at Jacksonville ESPN3 Fri, Apr 29 6 p.m. ACC Men's Lacrosse Championship: Semifinal #1 (Kennesaw, Ga.) ESPNU 8:30 p.m. ACC Men's Lacrosse Championship: Semifinal #2 (Kennesaw, Ga.) ESPNU Sat, Apr 30 Noon Cornell at Princeton ESPNU Air Force at Jacksonville ESPN3 1 p.m. Georgetown at St. John's ESPN3 2 p.m. No. 4 Maryland at No. 8 Johns Hopkins ESPNU Sun, May 1 Noon ACC Men's Lacrosse Championship: Final (Kennesaw, Ga.) ESPNU Fri, May 6 5 p.m. Ivy League Lacrosse Semifinal ESPN3 8 p.m. Ivy League Lacrosse Semifinal ESPN3 Sat, May 7 10 a.m. America East Men's Lacrosse Championship: Final (site of the highest remaining seed) ESPNU 1 p.m. Colgate at No. 3 Syracuse ESPN3 6 p.m. Big Ten Men's Lacrosse Tournament: Final (Baltimore, Md.) ESPNU Sun, May 8 Noon Ivy League Men's Championship: Final (Site of team with the best Ivy League record) ESPNU Army at No. 1 Notre Dame ESPN3
^ – same-day tape delay on ESPNU (11:30 p.m.)
# – tape delay on ESPNU (Sunday, March 6, 10 a.m.)
$ – tape delay on ESPNU (Sunday, April 17, 10 a.m.)
Schedule subject to change
2016 Women's Schedule
Despite a spate of recent scary incidents, a city report claims there's less crime on Muni now than at any point since 2012.
Riders of the San Francisco Muni buses and light rail cars have been rightfully freaked out over the last two months, amid incidents including — but not limited to — the creepy prowlings of the so-called ‘Muni groper', a woman being dragged off a bus, beaten and robbed by a gang of ten teens and another woman's hair being set on fire on the 9-San Bruno. That's not even counting the infamous teen mob on BART that robbed seven people in Oakland two weeks ago.
Local public transit riders may have a justifiable sense of the heebie-jeebies, but the City and County of San Francisco notes in a just-released report that crime on Muni is at a five-year low, with an average of 6.5 crimes reported per 100,000 miles of Muni service.
“The crime rate on Muni continued to decline following [a 2013] boost in police presence at stations and on vehicles,” the analysis says. “In addition, improved surveillance equipment and the efforts of the SFPD Muni Task Force have resulted in a nearly 100 percent apprehension rate for alleged crimes committed on Muni vehicles. Data-driven police deployment to high-crime Muni lines has and will continue to have a positive impact on Muni security.”
The crime data comes from the San Francisco Police Department reports of crimes on or around Muni buses. These criteria were changed in 2013 to include reports of crimes around Muni buses as well as those reported on the buses, doubling the number of reported crimes. But the number of reported crimes is now back to pre-2013 levels, which the city report attributes to “identifying criminal activity and applying data-driven police deployment to high-crime Muni lines, with targeted enforcement where it is most needed.”
Feel safer now? Maybe you should, maybe you shouldn't. As Streetsblog SF noted in a recent op-ed, the criteria may still be flawed and inaccurate. “That metric is connected to vehicle miles, not passenger miles,” Andy Bosselman wrote. “An average of 32,380 fewer people got on Muni every day in February [2017] compared to a year ago. Any drop in crime could just be a byproduct of fewer people riding the system.”
[/caption]
Harry Potter is one popular bespectacled teenager. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows — Part 1 bewitched the box office on Friday by grossing $61.2 million, according to early estimates. If the estimate holds, Deathly Hallows will come away with the fifth best opening day ever, behind only the last two Twilight movies, The Dark Knight, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The Friday figure, which includes $24 million earned from Thursday midnight showings, also represents the single highest grossing day ever for the franchise, topping Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince‘s $58.2 million debut from last year.
Deathly Hallows‘ final weekend result will depend on whether the PG-13 film's business was extremely front-loaded or not. If the wizarding movie emulates Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (the last Potter film to open on a Friday), it'll drop 9 percent and 30 percent on Saturday and Sunday, respectively, giving it a weekend total of around $156 million. But considering the increased popularity of midnight screenings since 2005, Deathly Hallows will likely see a larger Friday-to-Saturday decline than Goblet of Fire.
The other movie Deathly Hallows could follow is The Twilight Saga: New Moon, which debuted on the same November weekend a year ago. After draining a record $72.7 million its opening day, New Moon plunged 42 and 34 percent on Saturday and Sunday, respectively. If Deathly Hallows were to witness the same drops, it'd conclude the weekend with around $121 million. But while Twihards may trump Potter fans in sheer passion, Potter should draw a more varied crowd, including a greater proportion of adults who don't rush out the millisecond a movie reaches theaters. So, if you've followed me this far, this is simply a long way of saying that Deathly Hallows is on track to earn somewhere between $130 million and $140 million this weekend. Which as Ron Weasley would say, is “bloody brilliant.”
Mr. Weasley could not say the same for the Russell Crowe thriller The Next Three Days, which debuted in fifth place with a Friday gross of $2.2 million. The $30 million movie should finish the weekend with just under $7 million — Crowe's worst opening since 2006's A Good Year. The rest of the top five consisted of holdovers. The Denzel Washington action thriller Unstoppable fell 49 percent for $4.1 million, while the superhero comedy Megamind slid 52 percent for $3.7 million. Like last time, expect Megamind to overtake Unstoppable by Sunday night. And in fourth place was the Robert Downey Jr. road-trip comedy Due Date, which dropped 47 percent for $2.9 million. Check back here on Sunday for the complete box office report.
1. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows — Part 1 — $61.2 mil
2. Unstoppable — $4.1 mil
3. Megamind — $3.7 mil
4. Due Date — $2.9 mil
5. The Next Three Days — $2.2 mil
Box office preview: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows would like your attention
Well before “Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother,” Chua and Rubenfeld wanted to collaborate on a project. “For a while we were going to write a book about Jewish people and Chinese people,” she said, “and it was going to be how different the cultures were.” But then they noticed some historical similarities. “If you take Jews in the 1900s, 1910s, it's like, ‘You have to listen to your father,' too!”
Chua and Rubenfeld met in the mid-'80s, when she was in her second year at Harvard Law School and he was in his third. She had just made The Law Review, where he was already an editor, and a mishap at what she calls “the nerdiest volleyball game of all history” almost landed them in the emergency room.
“We were on opposite sides, and we both went up for the ball,” she recalled. She got a bloody lip; he got a black eye. “In fact, we were on the same team,” Rubenfeld said by way of correction. “We weren't on opposite sides.”
He invited her for coffee, and she accepted. Rubenfeld was trying to democratize The Law Review by doing away with the grueling competitive process in favor of a lottery, which made Chua — a child of immigrants and an ardent believer in the meritocracy — suspicious. “I found the conversation irritating,” she said. “All these people went to private schools; I went to a public school, and I clawed my way into this thing.” She laughed. “I was just there to try to do well, and Jed was leading revolutions.”
When Chua described her first impressions of Rubenfeld, the word “cool” came up several times, and she enunciated it in a way that made it clear she was using it as a term of derision. Asked how she went from mistrusting the cool kid to marrying him, she recalled how, over time, she realized that his intelligence revealed some effort. He wasn't just coasting by on his good looks and his privilege — coasting being the unforgivable sin in the Chua cosmos. She talks about hard work as both a practical and a moral imperative. Forgoing hard work is a mark of arrogance, which leads to complacency, which leads to intergenerational decline. In “Battle Hymn,” she casts the forced march of music lessons as an attempt to counteract the smug satisfactions of privilege, writing of her determination “not to raise a soft, entitled child.”
Chua grew up feeling anything but entitled. She was born in Champaign, Ill., to Chinese parents from the Philippines. Her father was a Ph.D. student in electrical engineering; her mother was a chemist who eventually gave up her career to care for four daughters, the youngest of whom has Down syndrome. Amy was the oldest. When their father came home from work, she would take off his shoes and socks before bringing him his slippers. Expectations were high, and they were clear. An A-minus was not merely unacceptable but “unthinkable.” Amy spoke only the family's Hokkien dialect until she was 4, when she was thrown into a nursery school where everyone spoke English. But an English slip of the tongue at home would be met with a “whack of the chopsticks.”
Rubenfeld's upbringing wasn't nearly so severe. His parents rebelled against their Orthodox Jewish backgrounds to become, as he puts it, “very liberal, very permissive.” His father was a successful psychotherapist; his mother was an art critic. They didn't push their three children to get good grades. When Rubenfeld was 12, his parents told him he could take violin lessons or tennis lessons. He chose tennis. “The message in my family was: Kids should go out and find out what they want to do. And that was great for us all, individually. But as a family, things didn't work out that well. My parents were separated when I was in college. They got divorced. And they practically weren't speaking to each other for the rest of their lives.”
Time once more for one of my favorite holiday traditions, the 10th annual Hubble Space Telescope Advent Calendar. Every day until Monday, December 25, this page will present one new incredible image of our universe from NASA's Hubble telescope. Be sure to bookmark this calendar and come back every day until the 25th, or follow-on Twitter (@TheAtlPhoto), Facebook, or Tumblr for daily updates. I hope you enjoy these amazing and awe-inspiring images and the efforts of the science teams who have brought them to Earth. Again, I want to say how fortunate I feel to have been able to share photo stories with you all year, and how happy I am to put together the 10th edition of this calendar. Wishing you a merry Christmas, happy holidays, and peace on Earth.
Terry Myerson, executive vice president of Microsoft's Operating Systems group Microsoft Microsoft's next version of Windows will be chock full of things to attract its biggest customers, enterprises.
On Thursday, Microsoft announced a new feature that could really help Windows 10 turn enterprise heads: private app stores, which Microsoft is calling a store portal. (In geek speak this is called "mobile application management.")
Microsoft will allow IT professionals to buy applications in bulk from an app store, something Apple has offered for years.
But in Microsoft's case, the IT departments will also be able to assign these apps to individual people through a username/password technology that many IT departments already use: Active Directory. In particular, IT departments can use a cloud version of Active Directory, hosted on Microsoft's cloud Azure, to assign specific apps to specific people.
People will then be able to "click on the link to install the apps" to whatever device they use, according to a blog post from Microsoft's Jim Alkove.
If a company already has a private app store that it is hosting itself, Microsoft promises that the new Windows 10 portal will allow to be able to work with it.
Managing thousands of apps on thousands of mobile devices has become a major pain for IT departments. After companies complained for years about how hard this was to do with Apple iOS devices, Apple significantly upped its enterprise app management features in 2013 with iOS 7.
As we previously reported, businesses want more custom apps for their mobile devices, and they want the app stores to help them manage these apps, too. Apple is looking to its partnership with IBM to help with that. By the time Windows 10 ships, the Apple/IBM partnership will at least a year old.
Clearly Microsoft has no intention of being left behind.
"Let's Dance" is the title-track from English singer David Bowie's 1983 album of the same name. It was also released as the first single from that album in 1983 and went on to become one of his biggest-selling tracks. Stevie Ray Vaughan played the guitar solo at the end of the song.
The single was one of Bowie's fastest selling, entering the UK Singles Chart at No. 5 on its first week of release, staying at the top of the charts for three weeks.[6] Soon afterwards, the single topped the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Bowie's second and last single to reach number-one in the U.S. In Oceania, it narrowly missed topping the Australian charts, peaking at No. 2 for three weeks[7] but it topped the chart for 4 consecutive weeks in New Zealand. The single became one of the best selling of the year across North America, Central Europe and Oceania. It is one of the 300 best-selling UK singles of all time.[8]
Development [ edit ]
In late 1982, Nile Rodgers met David Bowie in the New York after hours club Continental, where the two developed a rapport over industry acquaintances and shared musical interests.[9] Bowie subsequently invited Rodgers to his house in Switzerland, which Rodgers understood to be an audition.[10]
Bowie, using a 12-string acoustic guitar that only had six strings, played Rodgers a 2-chord pattern, which the latter would later describe as "dark sounding" and a "folk song"; Bowie wanted to call it "Let's Dance" and believed it to be a hit.[10] Rodgers asked if he could arrange the music, moving it higher in the scale, switching the key up to B♭, inverted the chords and added upstrokes.[10] The two of them went on to record a demo on 19 and 20 December 1982 at Mountain Studios with a group of musicians, among them Erdal Kızılçay on bass. Kızılçay's work at first followed the stylings of Jaco Pastorius, but he and Rodgers ultimately worked out a simpler bassline for the song.
In 2018, Rodgers recalled "This [demo] recording was the first indication of what we could do together as I took his 'folk song' and arranged it into something that the entire world would soon be dancing to and seemingly has not stopped dancing to for the last 35 years! It became the blueprint not only for 'Let's Dance' the song but for the entire album as well."[11] An edited version of the demo recording, mixed by Rodgers, was released digitally on 8 January 2018, and the full-length (7:34) demo was released as a 12" vinyl single on 21 April.[12] Rodgers' guitar work features a distinct funk influence, but he was afraid that the "disco sucks" movement could hamper the song's success; the version of "Let's Dance" that made it into the album had the guitar parts treated with delays by engineer Bob Clearmountain and separated into groups of notes, punctuated by the bassline.[10]
Music video [ edit ]
The music video (which uses the shorter single version) was made in March 1983 by David Mallet on location in Australia including a bar in Carinda in New South Wales and the Warrumbungle National Park near Coonabarabran. In the beginning it featured Bowie with a double bass player inside the one-room pub at the Carinda Hotel and an Aboriginal couple 'naturally' dancing "to the song they're playin' on the radio". The couple in this scene and in the whole video is played by Terry Roberts and Joelene King, two students from Sydney's Aboriginal Islander Dance Theatre. As Bowie opted for real people, some residents of the 194-souls village of Carinda are in the pub too, watching and mocking the couple. They do not understand who David is nor what the take is all about, hence their behaviour towards the couple as seen in the video is real.[13][14][15]
The red shoes mentioned in the song's lyrics appear in several contexts. The couple wanders solemnly through the outback with some other Aborigines, when the young woman finds a pair of mystical red pumps on a desert mountain and instantly learns to dance. Bowie's calling 'put on your red shoes' recalls Hans Christian Andersen's tale "The Red Shoes", in which the little girl was vainly tempted to wear the shoes only to find they could not be removed, separating her from God's grace - "let's dance for fear your grace should fall" [16] "The red shoes are a found symbol. They are the simplicity of the capitalist society and sort of striving for success - black music is all about 'Put on your red shoes'", as Bowie confirmed.[17]
Soon, the couple is visiting museums, enjoying candlelit dinners and casually dropping credit cards, drunk on modernity and consumerism. During a stroll through an arcade of shops, the couple spots the same pair of red pumps for sale in a window display, their personal key to joy and freedom. They toss away the magic kicks in revulsion, stomping them into the dust and return to the mountains, taking one final look at the city they've left behind.
Bowie described this video (and the video for his subsequent single, "China Girl") as "very simple, very direct" statements against racism and oppression, but also a very direct statement about integration of one culture with another.[13][14]
Reception [ edit ]
"Let's Dance" was described by Ed Power in the Irish Examiner as "a decent chunk of funk-rock".[5] Writing for the BBC, David Quantick said "the combination of Bowie and Rodgers on the title track was perfect – Bowie's epic lyric about dancing under 'serious moonlight' and the brilliant filching of the crescendo 'ahh!'s from the Beatles' version of the Isley Brothers' 'Twist and Shout' were masterstrokes, each welded to a loud, stadium-ised drum and bass sound".[18]
The song introduced Bowie to a new, younger audience oblivious to his former career in the 1970s. Although the track was his most popular to date, its very success had the incongruous effect of distancing Bowie from his new fans, with Bowie saying he did not know who they were or what they wanted.[19] His next two albums, made as an attempt to cater to his new-found audience, suffered creatively as a result and Bowie cited them as the albums he was least satisfied with in his career.[20]
Legacy [ edit ]
In the 2001 movie Zoolander, the song plays as Bowie appears in the movie.
M. Ward covered the song on his 2003 album Transfiguration of Vincent.
In 2007, Bowie gave R&B singer Craig David permission to sample the song for his single "Hot Stuff (Let's Dance)".[21]
Let's Dance: Bowie Down Under, a short documentary by Rubika Shah and Ed Gibbs, explored the making of the music video in the Australian outback. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 2015.[22]
Jimmy Fallon covered the song as a tribute to Bowie on a 2017 episode of Saturday Night Live;[23] the episode was the first-ever to be broadcast live across the entire United States. Nile Rodgers also played the song on guitar as well.
The song was used in commercials to promote figure skating for the 2018 Winter Olympics on NBC.
Live performances [ edit ]
The track was a regular on the Serious Moonlight Tour (the name derived from a lyric in "Let's Dance"), and was released on the 1983 concert video Serious Moonlight. The song was also performed live on Bowie's 1987 Glass Spider Tour (and released on 1988's Glass Spider), and on his 1990 Sound+Vision Tour. It was played acoustically in 1996 and then reworked semi-acoustically for tours in 2000 and later. Bowie's 25 June 2000 performance of the song at the Glastonbury Festival was released in 2018 on Glastonbury 2000. A live recording from 27 June 2000 was released on BBC Radio Theatre, London, June 27, 2000, a bonus disc accompanying the first release of Bowie at the Beeb in 2000. Nile Rodgers also regularly plays the song, and it was part of his set during his 2017/18 world tour with Chic.
Track listing [ edit ]
7": EMI America / EA 152 (UK) [ edit ]
12": EMI America / 12EA 152 (UK) [ edit ]
"Let's Dance" (Bowie) – 7:38 "Cat People (Putting Out Fire)" (Bowie, Moroder
Cassette [ edit ]
"Let's Dance" (Bowie) – 7:38 "Cat People (Putting Out Fire)" (Bowie, Moroder
Personnel [ edit ]
Production
Nile Rodgers – producer
Chart performance [ edit ]
Weekly charts [ edit ]
Year-end charts [ edit ]
Certifications [ edit ]
Other releases [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
General
Gorillaz fans from the Sunshine State: pack your bags because you're headed to Miami.
That's right, Damon Albarn's animated band of magical musicians has announced a tour in support of their new LP, Humanz (due April 28), and it stops at the III Points Festival, which is set to take place October 13-15.
As Timeout Miami points out, this is the band's first Magic City appearance ever.
A full lineup announcement is expected in May, but tickets for III Points go on sale online this Friday. Timeout also says locals can get their hands on them as soon as Thursday in person at the Anderson, beginning at 3 p.m. EDT. Only a limited number of $111 general admission tickets and $245 VIP Foresight Passes will be available.
Enjoy some Gorillaz above and see their North American tour itinerary below.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democrats on the House Oversight Committee asked the White House Tuesday for information about reports that President Donald Trump's transition team threatened to remove a host of inspectors general from their posts.
Democrats Elijah Cummings of Maryland and Gerald Connolly of Virginia said Trump officials apparently contacted as many as eight inspectors general earlier this month to inform them their positions were “temporary” and they should begin looking for other employment.
The threats appear to have been withdrawn amid complaints from lawmakers and the inspectors general, “but there is no official communication confirming that this occurred,” the Democrats said. Cummings is the top Democrat on the oversight panel, while Connolly is the second-ranking Democrat.
The lawmakers asked White House Counsel Donald McGahn to confirm in writing that Trump has no plans to fire any inspectors general.
Inspectors general are internal watchdogs who conduct audits of federal agencies and investigate complaints of wrongdoing. The position is considered nonpartisan, although about half of the 70-plus inspectors general are appointed by the president; the rest are appointed by agency chiefs.
Here's truth: The nice men from Puebla who work the grill at the Teleon Café across the street from The New York Times on West 40th Street cook a superlative everything bagel with egg and cheese, properly toasted and buttery, with the egg soft and the cheese oozing, the whole thing perfectly hot and served with the efficiency only the best short-order cooks can manage.
But saying so only proves my original point. In matters of breakfast excellence, you are most often on your own. Keep looking!
Photo
Q. My wife and I wish to reconnect with friends who moved to Brooklyn and had a kid a couple of years ago, and to demonstrate our lack of Manhattan snobbishness. We asked them to give us some possible dates and said we would arrange a restaurant for dinner. They gave us a few dates, and they were all Saturday nights. Saturday nights!
All the Brooklyn restaurants on my radar (Vinegar Hill House, Frankies, et. al.) have that Brooklyn no-reservation thing! Any suggestions, or do I just confront my friend and tell him that he ruined his life when he switched his college major from pre-law to English lit?
A. There are a number of Brooklyn restaurants that take reservations without displaying Manhattan snobbishness. The Good Fork in Red Hook is one, a warm bistro with some Korean flavors at the very bottom of Van Brunt Street, near Fairway. There is the terrific and bistro-ish DuMont, in Williamsburg. You can reserve at the Dressler for excellent American food that sometimes speaks Spanish or profiles Austrian.
And for a taste of the old ways of the neighborhood, there is Fornino Park Slope, Michael Ayoub's welcoming Italian trattoria on Fifth Avenue. Have anchovies and then some rigatoni with sausage. The language of the law has no words for these. So afterward, you'll have to go home to Manhattan.
Q. Can you suggest spots for a drink and small plates after a Broadway show? The group will be my husband and me, visiting from Cambridge, Mass., and my daughter and her boyfriend, who live in New York City. Maybe something besides the Algonquin, but kind of like it: quiet enough to discuss the play (“Merchant of Venice,” with Al Pacino). We'll be staying at the Yale Club on Vanderbilt Avenue, so something Midtown between Times Square and Grand Central would be ideal. Another hotel lounge perhaps? Or maybe a restaurant bar with tables?
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A. Don't they serve drinks and canapés at the Yale Club? Wouldn't that be the best and easiest place to go, without risking crowds? (Members only!) Because otherwise, it can be a grim business out there on the Rialto after the show, everyone crowds into McStandard Irish pubs for wings and plonk Chardonnay before heading home.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There is a large lounge in the lobby of the new Hotel InterContinental in the theater district, right off Eighth Avenue: good drinks, anyway, even if the food is blah. And there is the lovely, dark bar area at Joe Allen on West 46th Street: good drinks and a hamburger, along with the possibility that a cast member will walk in the door. The theater bistro Angus McIndoe might answer as well, on West 44th Street.
And if all else fails, there is the marvelous bar at Michael Jordan's steakhouse in Grand Central Terminal, very near your rooms. Does not a commuter bleed, too?
Photo
Breakfast, Brooklyn and Broadway
ANGUS MCINDOE 258 West 44th Street, Manhattan; (212) 221-9222, angusmcindoe.com.
BARNEY GREENGRASS 541 Amsterdam Avenue, at 86th Street; (212) 724-4707, barneygreengrass.com.
DRESSLER 149 Broadway, between Driggs and Bedford Avenues, Williamsburg, Brooklyn; (718) 384-6343, dresslernyc.com.
DUMONT 432 Union Avenue, between Metropolitan Avenue and Devoe Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn; (718) 486-7717, dumontrestaurant.com.
FORNINO PARK SLOPE 254 Fifth Avenue, at Carroll Street, Brooklyn; (718) 399-8600, forninoparkslope.com.
THE GOOD FORK 391 Van Brunt Street, between Coffey and Van Dyke Streets, Red Hook, Brooklyn; (718) 643-6636, goodfork.com.
HOTEL INTERCONTINENTAL 300 West 44th Street, Clinton; (212) 803-4500, intercontinental.com.
JOE ALLEN 326 West 46th Street, Clinton; (212) 581-6464, joeallenrestaurant.com.
KNAPP STREET BAGEL CAFE 2145 Knapp Street, at Avenue V, Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn; (718) 943-1525.
MICHAEL JORDAN'S THE STEAK HOUSE N.Y.C. Grand Central Terminal; (212) 655-2300, theglaziergroup.com.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
TELEON CAFÉ 264 West 40th Street, Manhattan; (212) 575-3838, teleoncafenyc.com.
Monika Wilson ended the public comments with a gentle lecture. “Everyone needs to show everyone respect. We on the dais need to take the high road to set a good example. Yes, Mr. Duran, you're looking at me, that's good, you need to look at them too even if you don't like what they say.”
City Manager Steve Duran was too obvious. He made a point of ignoring the speakers, typing on his phone, making faces; leaning back in his chair draining his can of soda, his back to the public.
Did you go to the September 22nd meeting to speak your mind, only to find you were talking to a row of bobbleheads? Or maybe you were one of the hundred or so interested citizens, waiting for answers that never came. Did you feel confused, conned, bamboozled?
Steve Duran blindsided the public in Closed Session on August 25. With approval from Mayor Wade Harper and council members Rocha, Wilson and Tiscareno, he gave first dibs on our waterfront to City Ventures, Inc. Antioch had never heard of them, being unaware of Duran's dealings in Hercules. Appearing for the first time on a list in the Closed Session Agenda, City Ventures has yet to make a public presentation of their vision. They have yet to show their corporate face in public. More than a month later, we have yet to learn the details.
Duran keeps telling us that his secret meeting with the developers was perfectly legal. It wasn't. He said it in Hercules about a similar situation when he was their city manager and now he's saying it to us. But in their open letter of 2012 Hercules residents showed how Duran and the Hercules City Council were violating the Brown Act and the Surplus Land Act, as he and the Antioch City Council are doing here.
No proper notice was given to the “priority entities” that had a right to bid on the properties, nor to the public. Ask the neighbors: Even down to the signs that were never posted, but should have been, there was no proper notice of the potential sale of the properties. On the “8/25/15 Antioch City Council Closed Session Announcement”, Duran says: “Under negotiation: price and terms of payment.” That wasn't all that was under negotiation, but he had to pretend it was, didn't he? Because under the “Real Property Exception” in the Bagley-Keene Open Meeting Act, only price and terms may be discussed, not land-use policy. He and the city council were inside making land-use policy with an outside corporation while the people of Antioch were kept in the dark.
So what was City Ventures, the supposed adverse party, doing in the same room where Duran was being “directed” in negotiations by the Council? “This provision has been the subject of considerable abuse. For example, government agencies involved in enormous, multi-faceted transactions have used a real property portion of the potential transaction to discuss the entire matter in secret. It has also been invoked to cover meetings attended by representatives of the adverse party in the negotiation.”
As the Council clucked their approval of the Constitution and proclaimed “Constitution Day,” it started to look like the City might show some respect for the will of the people. But they didn't. The elephant in the room was their silence. Ambitious Wade Harper, his behind-the-scenes campaign to be the next well-paid County Superintendent underway, was prudently absent. The council members who showed up, kept their mouths shut. Thirty people spoke out against the waterfront giveaway; they were answered with wooden smiles.
Finishing up on the high road, Monika Wilson continued to ignore the inconvenient public. Not even Lori Ogorchok gave them the courtesy of a response, although she did give three minutes to speak and read the emails – which the council doesn't publish – out loud. Wade Harper would have cut their time to two minutes and gavelled them down if they went over, if he had been there. Did they make a unanimous decision in secret to stonewall us? That would be a violation of the serial meetings prohibition of the Brown Act if they did. Who would have advised them to do that?
The Brown Act can be a problem for councils who want to hold illegal secret meetings, yet still give the appearance of following the law.
It was a problem for Mary Rocha the night she bustled up to Celebrate Antioch Foundation members and commiserated in a low confidential voice, “They voted against us!” It was a four to one vote, against CAF's park and recreation plan. Ah, so was Mary Rocha that one brave lonely voice, speaking out for the little people? Later in the meeting some citizen mentioned the Brown Act to the council, like waving a cross at a vampire. Rocha was shocked when for the first time the council revealed how the votes went – and threw her under the bus. Turns out, Lori Ogorchok was the dissenting vote, not Rocha.
Antioch bureaucrats hate the light of day. That's why Duran, wary from his run-in with the Brown Act in Hercules, was lucky to hire a like-minded city attorney. In his blog, Derek Cole harks back wistfully to the days before the serial meetings prohibition was enacted.* Mr. Cole believes the sunshine laws are OK within limits, but cities can't do business efficiently when they have to answer to a prying public. He should give the council – and Duran – advice on how to put up at least a pretense of open government.
“You sold us out, why can't you even give us a reason for your decision?” someone asked. “Is there some kind of Robert's Rules of Order saying you can't answer us?” An exasperated woman blurted, “Why don't you say something? You're like puppets!”
“The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies which serve them. The people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know. The people insist on remaining informed so that they may retain control over the instruments they have created." -GOVERNMENT CODE SECTION 11120-11132
* [www.calimunilaw.com/2015/07/state-commission-finds-that-brown-acts-serial-meeting-prohibition-may-impede-good-government/]
A New York City modelling agency owned by U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump regularly employed models without work visas, alleges a Montreal woman who says she worked there illegally in the mid-2000s.
In an article in the U.S. magazine Mother Jones, Rachel Blais and two other models allege they were recruited by Trump Model Management and employed despite the fact they did not have visas for working in the United States.
On Thursday, Blais told CBC Montreal's Daybreak: "I was not the only one working there without a visa."
"The majority of us … that were foreign born didn't have a visa because we had just started and were at the beginning of our careers."
Blais said the agency would only secure visas for models who brought in enough money.
Montrealer Rachel Blais says she worked illegally for Trump Model Management in New York City in the mid-2000s. (Meghan Brosnan/RachelBlais.com)
CBC has contacted Trump Models in New York City about Blais's allegations, but has yet to receive a response.
The allegations come as Trump ratchets up his hardline rhetoric against the millions of immigrants living illegally in the United States, saying there would be no amnesty for them if he wins.
Hardline measures against illegal immigration are a central theme of Trump's run for the White House, and has found traction among his core base of white males.
Questionable business practices
Blais said what Trump preaches and how Trump Model Management operated do not match up.
"What he says and how he practises business are two different things and quite contradictory," she said.
The model said she was once made to work for free at an event attended by Trump.
Blais said other practices at Trump Model Management included housing teenage models in an overpriced, overcrowded apartment and deducting unexplained fees from their earnings.
"When you asked accounting for a reasoning behind these fees — what they mean and why it's so high — you're taught very quickly that you shouldn't ask any questions," she said.
The model said she also faced extreme pressure from the agency to have liposuction when she was only 18.
"They were weighing me every week because I was not a size zero," she said.
Blais said such practices are not exclusive to Trump Models and are common across the modelling industry, a fact she's been speaking out against since late 2011.
Create a business account with us and get access to bulk pricing. If you already have a login, click here to sign in or to create an account and register your business, click here
We are unable to ship to PO Boxes or Amazon Lockers
We can ship anywhere in the continental United States (48 States); excluding Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or Internationally
2-Day & Overnight Delivery (Business Day) is available for an additional charge.
Most standard travel scooters are shipped and delivered within 3-5 business days via UPS or FedEx. Medium, large and full-sized mobility/medical scooters are shipped via freight carrier and will arrive within 6-10 business days. Carriers will call to schedule the delivery. Any customization, including options and upgrades, may take 1-3 weeks to leave the warehouse.
Guarantee Policy
Vive Health Brand Products
We offer 100% Risk Free Purchases on Vive Health brand products. Our specially designed products come backed by an industry leading guarantee. Feel good about shopping because we completely removed the risk. If you need to redeem your guarantee you will receive a fast and courteous replacement, refund or exchange. Each product page will specify which the length of the product's guarantee.
Only products purchased through ViveHealth.com are automatically registered in our guarantee program. Purchases through 3rd party channels are only guaranteed if registered within 30 days of purchase.
60 Days One Year Two Year Lifetime
Details:
Please also note that product must be purchased through Vive Health or an authorized retailer for the guarantee to be valid. Authorized retailers include:
Amazon.com: Vive Health Direct
Walmart.com: Vive Health
Ebay.com: Vive Health
Counterfeit or replicas items are not covered by Vive Health's Guarantee policy
Products purchased used or through re-sale are not covered.
Each purchase can only receive one guarantee redemption. We can not continually refund, replace or exchange your product.
After 60 days policy is valid for returns, refunds and exchanges due to product issues only.
When Maxis' simulation game The Sims launched in 2000, my friends and I (aged 10) quickly became obsessed with it, spending hours in the game customizing Sim-versions of ourselves, building elaborate homes for them, and watching their lives play out. But although the game featured many innovative gameplay mechanics for its time, my friends and I were specifically interested in one particular feature: your Sims could die.
At first it was a tragic and heart-breaking discovery, but very soon afterwards we were excitedly creating horrible and tragic deaths for said Sims.
While our parents were disturbed by our morbid fascinations with killing off each other's Sim lookalikes, my friends and I were excited about the game's death mechanics. The Sims dealt with death in a much different way from most other games we were playing at the time — even though those games also included death and dying — and it not only encouraged us to think about death in video games, it also gave us the opportunity to come to terms with our own mortalities.
In video games, death can serve multiple mechanical roles — it is most commonly used as a thing you want to avoid, a goal you need to accomplish, or as a narrative device. While death is prominent in many video games, we generally give it much less thought and treat it with much less seriousness than actual death, especially when it comes to player death.
The Sims (Maxis, 2000)
This could be from a lack of permanence in most video games. Mechanics like life systems (a certain amount of retries designated to a player after they've died) and respawning (when a player reappears at a fixed point in the game, after they die) have been a staple in many video games, but subsequently remove the seriousness and finality of death — acting more as an interruption or annoyance rather than the actual consequences of death.
I think this is why myself (and millions of others) were fascinated with killing off our Sims — their deaths were permanent, they meant something, and that directly affected the gameplay of The Sims.
Their deaths were permanent, they meant something,
and that directly affected the gameplay…
There's a relatively new movement that's slowly gaining popularity called death positivity (or “death acceptance”) that is encouraging people to face their own mortalities and to be open to talking about death, addressing it, and demystifying it. The movement was started by a group of young morticians and funeral directors whose goal is to lift the veil on death, and encourage us to explore our thoughts, feelings, and fears about mortality.
As a person who has been quite accepting of death and her own mortality since she was a young child, I am super on board with this whole death positivity movement — but I'm particularly interested in how it applies to video games. The interactivity of video games makes it a great medium for getting the player to directly deal with things like death, yet a lot of the time it seems developers aren't really considering it mechanically when designing their games.
However, there are a bunch of games that do use death in mechanically or narratively interesting ways, and it's exciting to see developers really thinking about death when designing their games. In a sea of video games using traditional death mechanics, it's interesting to look at what games are using death differently and how that is allowing players to really think about and come to terms with their own mortalities.
Substance-free Republicans default to lazy mendacity Romney's criticisms of Obama -- on full display during the debates -- don't even make sense. Does it matter?
The hallmark of Republican thinking these days, especially as expressed in Romney/Ryan rhetoric, is just the sheer laziness of it. That's presumably a consequence of having developed an amazingly efficient partisan press. There's just very little incentive remaining to develop actual policies or even a real critique of Barack Obama's administration. After all, if the president is a Kenyan socialist intent on destroying the United States, it's hardly necessary to explain exactly where his policies are going wrong or why.
That often shows up in the way that Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan dissemble. Every presidential campaign lies, but what distinguishes this crowd is a lazy mendacity in which there's not even an attempt to make their falsehoods plausible (here's another recent, excellent example).
Advertisement:
But it also shows up in their basic rhetoric. Why put together a critique of Barack Obama's foreign policy when they can just refer to unspecified disasters and know that anyone watch Fox News will nod in agreement? And thus we get Paul Ryan's astonishingly substance-free line that “What we are witnessing, as we turn on our television screens these days, is the absolute unraveling of the Obama foreign policy.”
Ryan trotted out “unraveling” three times in the vice-presidential debate.
The first one was at the end of a scattershot answer that was mostly about Libya:
And with respect to Afghanistan and the 2014 deadline, we agree with a 2014 transition. But what we also want to do is make sure that we're not projecting weakness abroad, and that's what's happening here. This Benghazi issue would be a tragedy in and of itself. But unfortunately it's indicative of a broader problem, and that is what we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy, which is making the world more -- more chaotic and us less safe.
Apparently something is happening “on our TV screens” that's self-evident to Ryan. Now, I have no doubt that on certain TV screens – the ones permanently set to Fox News – all sorts of terrible things are happening as a direct result of Obama's incompetence. Or, perhaps, Obama's deliberate preference for those horrible outcomes. But it would be nice for Ryan to give us some sort of clue about it. His critique is that the U.S. is “projecting weakness abroad” (how?), and that's resulting in … something. What? No idea.
So that's one try. Next:
Look, this was the anniversary of 9/11. It was Libya, a country we knew we had al-Qaeda cells there. As we know, al-Qaeda and its affiliates are on the rise in northern Africa. And we did not give our ambassador in Benghazi a Marine detachment? Of course there is an investigation so we can make sure that this never happens again. But when it comes to speaking up for our values, we should not apologize for those. Here is the problem. Look at all the various issues out there and that's unraveling before our eyes. The vice president talks about sanctions on Iran.
At which point he was asked a question about Iran and answered it. “Unraveling”? There's surely plenty of room for criticizing Barack Obama's Iran policy, either that it's too hawkish or not hawkish enough, but it's really hard to understand an argument that Iran policy is “unraveling before our eyes.” Unwise? Perhaps. Short-sighted? Maybe. Unraveling before our eyes? How? The only obvious news out of Iran is the collapse of their currency, which, for better or worse, is awfully hard to cast as an unraveling of a tough sanctions policy. Indeed, it seems suspiciously like the consequences of a successful tough sanctions policy! Again, one can criticize the policy, but how is it unraveling before our eyes?
Advertisement:
Otherwise, all we get here is a vague reference to “the various issues out there,” as if we all knew what they were. Presumably because they're on our TV screens. And therefore not worth mentioning.
That's two strikes. The third? It's in response to a question about staying in Afghanistan beyond 2014:
We want to make sure that 2014 is successful. That's why we want to make sure that we give our commanders what they say they need to make it successful. We don't want to extend beyond 2014. That's the point we're making. You know, if it was just this, I feel like we would -- we would be able to call this a success, but it's not. What we are witnessing as we turn on our television screens these days, is the absolute unraveling of the Obama foreign policy. Problems are growing at home, but jobs -- problems are growing abroad, but jobs aren't growing here at home.
So Afghanistan would be a success, but it's not for some unspecified reason, which goes back to that “absolute unraveling of the Obama foreign policy” that we can see “on our television screens.” The best example of which appears to be something about jobs.
Strike three.
Advertisement:
It's easy to spin this as an example of Paul Ryan's inexperience with foreign policy and national security issues, but I think that's wrong. The truth is that he's merely reciting a standard Republican talking point here. And why not? On the Rush Limbaugh program or any of the other Republican-aligned talk shows, it's obviously true that Obama's foreign policy is a total failure. That's good enough for the hosts, and it appears to be good enough for the audiences. So why bother developing anything more?
A minor problem with all of this is that it leaves Republicans ill-equipped to convince anyone of anything unless they're already within the conservative closed-information feedback loop. Minor, because most voting decisions are more about retrospective evaluations of incumbents than about careful examination of the logic in campaign statements, to the sheer laziness of the critique probably doesn't matter very much at that point. The major problem, however, is that all of this lazy thinking leaves Republicans ill-equipped to govern – as seen in the problems encountered by the Gingrich Congress, the George W. Bush administration and now the Boehner/Ryan House. And that matters a lot.
New Florida Gators head coach Jim McElwain, according to John Middlekauff of 957 The Game, will reportedly make his first hire from his old Colorado State Rams staff with assistant coach Tim Skipper set to join him in Gainesville, Florida.
McElwain's assistant head coach and linebackers coach at Colorado State, Skipper will reportedly join Florida as running backs coach. A versatile veteran coach who will be in the profession for his 15th season in 2015, Skipper has coached defensive backs, running backs (Fresno State, 2006-08) and linebackers; he's also coordinated defenses at Western New Mexico (2002) and Sacramento State (2004-05).
Skipper is best known for coaching Ryan Mathews at Fresno State.
As noted by NFL.com's Bryan Fischer, Skipper's father (Jim Skipper, Carolina) and brother (Kelly Skipper, Oakland) are both currently running backs coaches in the NFL. Jim Skipper has coached running backs since 1979, coaching in the NFL from 1986-Present (except 2001), while Kelly Skipper has coached running backs since 1997 but has been in the NFL ranks since 2002.
Tim Skipper would be the fourth assistant hired by McElwain, following defensive coordinator Geoff Collins, offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier and still-unannounced linebackers coach Randy Shannon.
Hiring Skipper would not necessarily mean that current Gators running backs coach Brian White, the longest-tenured member of Florida's coaching staff, would be leaving the program. White moved into his current role under Will Muschamp (2011-13) but was initially hired by Urban Meyer in 2009 to coach Florida's tight ends.
It is finally time for Wonder Woman! I can almost hear that signature guitar riff now. I'm pumped big time for this one and here's some news to excite you too. Lyles Movie Files is proud to announce a Wonder Woman giveaway for an advanced screening of Warner Bros. Pictures' highly anticipated summer blockbuster.
Just to get you hyped up for the Wonder Woman giveaway, here's the latest trailer and synopsis:
Before she was Wonder Woman, she was Diana, princess of the Amazons, trained to be an unconquerable warrior. Raised on a sheltered island paradise, when an American pilot crashes on their shores and tells of a massive conflict raging in the outside world, Diana leaves her home, convinced she can stop the threat. Fighting alongside man in a war to end all wars, Diana will discover her full powers…and her true destiny.
MORE:
Here's the screening information:
7 p.m.
Tuesday, May 30
AMC Mazza Gallerie
Like most of the comic book films, the seating is super limited on this one so it's time to do some work.
To be considered for a Wonder Woman giveaway admit 2 pass, you're going to have to leave a comment with your favorite female comic book character and explain why.
That hero can be from DC, Marvel, Image, Dark Horse, IDW, etc., but they just need to be from a comic. Easy enough, right?
Photo Credit: Warner Bros. Pictures
When it comes to monstrous creatures, Japanese mythology has it all. Ghosts, demons, giant chickens, gelatinous blobs, nothing is too implausible or unrealistic when it comes to the mythology of the Land of the Rising Sun.
If you can't tell your Basan from your Nuppeppō, you might be interested in the new reference guide The Book of the Hakutaku: a Bestiary of Japanese Monsters, which will feature over 100 beautiful illustrations of every creature from Japanese folklore. The book's already fully funded on Kickstarter, with over 15 times its goal of $3,000 already in the bag.
The Book of the Hakutaku was written and illustrated by Matthew Meyer, and will be the third in his series of books on Far East mythology, with the previous entries being The Night Parade of One Hundred Demons and The Hour of Meeting Evil Spirits. If you're interested in contributing, you might enjoy catching a glimpse of some of Meyer's beautiful and terrifying illustrations in the Kickstarter video below.
The Book of the Hakutaku: a Bestiary of Japanese Monsters Official Synopsis
One of the most interesting things about yokai is that there are so many of them. Even after three yokai encyclopedias, there are still hundreds of yokai left to cover!
Yokai have always been part of Japanese culture. Within each period of history new yokai were imagined, invented, and imported into Japanese folklore. Some were once worshiped as gods, but degenerated into amusing spirits as they were abandoned by later generations. Others were brought over from foreign countries and incorporated into the local folklore. Still others were invented by artists, writers, and storytellers to appeal to the strong demand for ghost stories, or as political commentary during periods of heavy censorship.
The Book of the Hakutaku will introduce readers to the wide variety of different types of yokai, including cross-cultural yokai. Over the centuries, countless foreign gods, myths, and spirits were absorbed, reinterpreted, and transformed into an inseparable part of Japan's own folklore. A large number of the yokai featured in this book have origins in China, India, and even further west.
Skating Legend Tony Hawk Supports Marriage Equality
One of the best known skateboarders in the sport's history has teamed up with the Human Rights Campaign to stump for marriage.
In the world of pro skating, few names resonate as loudly as Tony Hawk. Now, the 46-year-old living legend and entrepreneur is the latest celebrity spokesperson to join the HRC's Americans for Marriage Equality campaign.
In an clip posted by the Human Rights Campaign, Hawk encourages everyone to follow their hearts, which is exactly the advice he gives to young boys and girls aspiring to become pro skaters. “We need to continue working until every state recognizes marriage as an equal right,” Hawk says in the video.
Hawk shares his position on marriage equality with the majority of Americans, but recognizes the support needed to rally those states who have not recognized equality up to this point. “Like most Americans, Tony Hawk knows that all families deserve to be treated with respect, dignity, and equality under the law,” said HRC's Charles Joughin. “We are incredibly grateful to Tony for speaking out in favor of marriage equality, and lending his voice to HRC's fight for fairness nationwide.”
Buy Photo Flags fly at half-staff at the welcome sign for the Town of New Windsor on the corner of International Boulevard and Airport Center Drive, a few blocks from Stewart International Airport. (Photo: Alex H. Wagner/Poughkeepsie Journal)Buy Photo
NEWBURGH - As investigators continued to inspect a horrific crash scene 1,000 miles away, the tight-knit community surrounding a Newburgh-based Marine squadron took stock of the human cost Wednesday.
Little by little, identities of the 15 Marines and 1 Navy corpsman who died in Monday's crash of a KC-130T refueling plane in a soybean field in rural Mississippi were confirmed through interviews with family members and friends.
Among the dead was one man from Rockland County.
STEWART: Airport, military base has seen triumph, tragedy
EDITORIAL: Grim news reminds us of the daily service at Stewart
At least four were linked to the Marine Aerial Refueling and Transport Squadron VMGR-452 that operates out of Stewart Air National Guard Base in Newburgh.
In all, nine from the squadron nicknamed "The Yankees" were on board, along with seven others attached to a Marine battalion based in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, making it the deadliest Marine aircraft crash since 2005.
“It's a shock to any community when you lose life ... but when you lose that many at one clip, it's a tremendous shock,” said Tracey Lanthier, 77, vice commander of the American Legion Post 1796 in New Windsor.
CLOSE A Marine Forces Reserve spokesman updates The Clarion-Ledger on the fatal military plane crash that killed 16 in Mississippi on Monday. Therese Apel/The Clarion-Ledger
Meanwhile, military officials said the accident scene included two impact points, one a half-mile north of a rural highway and the other a half-mile south.
That suggested the large, fixed-wing aircraft had broken up sometime before striking the ground, a finding that would be consistent with eyewitness reports.
"Indications are that something went wrong at cruise altitude," Marine Corps Brigadier General Bradley S. James said during a press conference in Mississippi Wednesday. "There was a large debris path."
Flags are lowered Wednesday morning, July 12, 2017, at the Stewart Terrace Community in New Windsor, New York. The community is located close to the Stewart Air National Guard base, which lost nine Marine reservists in a plane crash in Mississippi on July 10, 2017, that killed 16. (Photo: Seth Harrison/The Journal News)
Bradley said the identities of those killed were being withheld out of respect for the families. However, some family members have already confirmed at least eight individuals. According to various news reports, they include:
Owen Lennon, 26, a 2008 graduate of Ramapo High School from Pomona in Rockland County.
Sgt. Julian Kevianne, 31, of Detroit.
Staff Sgt. Joshua Snowden, 31, of Dallas.
Dan Baldassare, 20, of Colts Neck, New Jersey.
Gunnery Sgt. Brendan Johnson, 46, a Vermont native.
Sgt. Joseph Murray, 26, of Jacksonville, Florida.
Navy Corpsman Ryan Lohrey, 30, a native of Middletown, Indiana.
Staff Sgt. William Kundrat, 33, a native of Frederick, Maryland.
Capt. Sean Elliott, 30, a native of the San Diego area.
Dietrich Schmieman of Washington State, assigned at Stewart.
Talon Leach, 26, of Fulton, Missouri.
Gunnery Sgt. Mark Hopkins, 34, of Virginia and now New Windsor, Orange County.
Capt. Sean "Puffin" Elliot, plane co-pilot, of North Carolina.
Lennon, who played football and tennis at Ramapo, was part of the Stewart-based squadron, according to a statement from Rockland County Executive Ed Day.
So were Kevianne, according to family members interviewed by the Detroit Free-Press; Snowden, according to family members interviewed by FOX 4 News in Dallas; and Johnson, according to the Associated Press.
Lanthier, the American Legion Post 1796 vice commander, said the Marines were an integral part of the community.
“Everybody feeds off them. ... All those people, all those kids, … they went to bars, they bought stuff, they went to grocery stores, they all did that. It affects everybody," he said.
The post has nearly 400 members, some of whom are active members and veterans of the Air National Guard and Marines.
CLOSE The military refueling plane crashed in a soybean field in rural Mississippi, killing at least 16 people. The local sheriff said, "Most of them are gonna be Marines." USA TODAY
Elsewhere, the City of Poughkeepsie lowered its flags to half-staff, and Newburgh Town Supervisor Gil Piaquadio said the town "mourns the loss of these brave service members who made the ultimate sacrifice. Our hearts go out to their families and loved ones, and we extend our sincerest condolences."
In a statement, Marine Lt. Col. Joshua E. Izenour, commander of the squadron, offered thanks for the "tremendous outpouring of support" from local and state officials and community members.
"My focus remains on providing the necessary resources and support to (the) families as they go through this extremely difficult time," Izenour said. "I am also focused on ensuring support to my command's service members and their families who also grieve the loss of our fallen Marines."
The Lockheed Martin KC-130 is a cargo plane converted to provide mid-air refueling. It is also used to transport cargo and people.
Mississippi plane crash (Photo: USA TODAY)
Eyewitnesses at the crash scene reported numerous explosions after impact, and military officials warned against approaching the site due to the presence of ammunition.
The plane was taking the seven members of the North Carolina-based Marine Corps Forces, Special Operations Command and their equipment for what military officials described as "routine small unit pre-deployment training" in Yuma, Arizona.
Six Marines and the one Navy corpsman were from the Camp Lejeune-based 2nd Marine Raider Battalion.
Military officials said the response to the crash involves four phases — recovery of remains and effects and notification of families; preservation of the impact sites; the investigation; and cleanup at and restoration of the sites.
USA Today Network reporters Elijah Baylis, Therese Apel and Matt Spillane contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://pojonews.co/2uSWFaT
The Minsk meeting between presidents Vladimir Putin and Petro Poroshenko has produced more than a handshake. It was the two leaders' first serious conversation. No one should have expected an immediate result from the two hours of private discussions, but they must have been useful. Separate negotiations on the terms of trade—now that Ukraine has signed an Association Agreement with the EU —and on the price for the Russian gas will follow in September, even though they will probably take several rounds to reach agreement.
War in eastern Ukraine was not formally on the agenda in Minsk, but it was of course at the top of the leaders' minds. The armed conflict did not take a break during the Minsk meeting; it only intensified. President Poroshenko said that all parties in Minsk wanted a peaceful solution in Donbass, but of course each wanted it on its own terms. President Putin called the fighting an issue for Ukrainians, and cast Russia in the role of a facilitating party in the search for peace.
His claims of Russia's noninterference were not helped by the recent capture of ten Russian paratroopers inside Ukraine , whose pictures were on TV screens around the world at the time of the Minsk summit. An awkward moment for Moscow, but at the end of the day, little more than a nuisance. Since last February, Vladimir Putin has felt and behaved like a wartime president, using all means available to him, short of a large-scale invasion, to prevent Ukraine from joining NATO or hosting U.S. military bases.
While everyone's eyes in Minsk were on Putin and Poroshenko—will they shake hands? will they meet?—the meeting was unique in bringing together, for the first time, some top officials from the European Union alongside the leaders of the Eurasian Union countries (Belarus, Kazakhstan and Russia) and Ukraine. Had such a conversation taken place last year, and produced a compromise, many lives might have been saved and much damage could have been avoided.
Significantly, the trilateral dialogue in the Belarusian capital was immediately preceded by the first-ever visit to Kiev by the German chancellor. Angela Merkel was strongly advocating a cease-fire and held out a promise of a 500-million-euro-worth aid package to help Ukraine rebuild the war-ravaged Donbass. Mrs. Merkel also publicly stated that Russia's interests should not be ignored.
Germany's position is key to any future settlement. After the failure of European diplomacy at the early stages of the Ukraine crisis, Berlin has been playing a careful game. It is adamant that it has the support of its European allies and the United States, and will not consider an Alleingang in its relations with Moscow. Hence the support for the sanctions, which shocked the Kremlin. At the same time, Germany is determined to end the war in Ukraine as soon as possible and strongly insists on the need for a compromise.
Kiev, backed by Washington, wants a clear victory and complete rollback of the “Russian aggression”. This would point to a prolongation of the fighting, and potentially to the dangerous expansion of the conflict, involving Russian and NATO forces. Petro Poroshenko, who has just dissolved parliament and is engaged in an election campaign ahead of the October 26 national poll, is under heavy pressure to pursue a hard line, giving no quarter to the “terrorists” and those who support them.
The continuation of the war, however, takes a toll on all those involved. Ukraine's economy is in dire straits , and its finances are crumbling. Right after the elections, winter is coming, and weathering it without Russian gas is problematic, even if Europe shares with Ukraine some of the gas it imports. Even a moderate expansion of the Ukraine conflict will probably have to involve more Western sanctions against Russia, which neither Moscow nor Berlin can welcome. Thus, there is a basis for a possible deal.
Any future settlement would probably have to include Kiev engaging in a serious political dialogue with the eastern regions, and adjusting its nation-building policies to take into account Ukraine's diversity. Wide-ranging amnesty would be granted to the participants in the conflict. It would also need to include Russia's acceptance of Ukraine's European choice, and specifically its association with the EU. NATO membership for Ukraine, by contrast, would remain out of reach to Kiev—more as a result of a German veto than a product of Ukraine's federalization. Ukraine would not become a formal federation, but the “unitary nature” of its state would allow a significant degree of decentralization, including in economic, financial and linguistic issues. At some point, Russia and Ukraine would settle for a mutually acceptable gas price, with the EU guaranteeing the gas transit across Ukraine, and the case against Gazprom would be withdrawn from the Stockholm arbitrage.
A deal along the lines described above may look too unpalatable to many people. However, the absence of any deal deemed minimally acceptable to all sides would steer Europe toward an abyss. The United States would do well to support Germany's leadership in European security affairs. At the moment, this is the best option.
Dmitri Trenin is the Director of the Carnegie Moscow Center. Follow him on Twitter: @DmitriTrenin.
Image: Kremlin website
Donald Trump talks with journalists during a rally against the Iran nuclear deal on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol September 9, 2015 in Washington, DC. Getty / Chip Somodevilla
President Donald Trump wants to reisolate Iran, reneging on the nuclear deal, JCPOA, of 2015. The president described the agreement – that has been called the signature foreign policy achievement of Barack Obama's presidency – as, “embarrassing,” and, "one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into," in a UN speech.
But one Norwegian company is defying Trump and making a big bet on Iran.
Ad
Saga Energy has signed off on an investment of EUR 2.5 billion, for installations of new solar panels in Iran, the AFP reports.
The contract is with Iran's Amin Energy Developers and concerns a period of five years. The solar panels are intended to be installed in different areas in Iran's central desert region. Their total capacity will amount to two gigawatts.
While the American president is discontent with the nuclear deal with Iran, Norway is not.
Ad
“Norway is fully committed to JCPOA and this is proof that we have taken the lifting of the sanctions very seriously. We will see more investments within the near future,” Norwegian ambassador to Iran Lars Nordrum told AFP.
Saga Energy's investment deal is the second largest since the sanctions against the country were lifted in 2015.
Read the original article in Swedish on Veckans Affärer.
Now beginning sewists can enjoy wonderful bat plushies with this sewing pattern. This pattern will help you create your own stuffed animal bat. Choose between a solid colored bat or a 2 colored bat and a wide variety of ways to learn the pattern including written instructions, simple illustrations, and a video tutorial!Want to try the more advanced bat pattern? Find it here: http://etsy.me/1CGYfKm Find more fun patterns here: https://bit.ly/2JI7jaz( INCLUDED )My handmade bat sewing pattern, simplified especially for beginners. This download is available instantly and is in PDF format. This pattern does not include seam allowance.A free video tutorial for this pattern can be found at: https://youtu.be/jFYvQ2HXqzs( SIZE )The finished product will measure approximately 4 inches tall with an 11 inch wingspan.( LANGUAGE )English( SKILL LEVEL )BeginnerThis bat pattern is designed for beginners with a video, illustrations, and written instructions to help explain things as thoroughly as possible. It also has 2 options (A solid color or a 2 color bat) for varying degrees of difficulty. The most difficult parts are sewing opposing curves and sewing the ears into the small space of the head.( IMPORTANT INFO )You may sell items with this pattern, provided that you credit the pattern design to BeeZeeArt. Under no circumstances may you redistribute, sell, or otherwise claim these patterns as your own.This listing is for a digital download of a sewing pattern, not a physical product of any sort.I DO NOT offer refunds on digital downloads so please purchase accordingly.Feel free to message me if you have any further questions.( FOLLOW ME )If you like what you see, please consider following me on social media! I hold contests, preview upcoming products, offer tips, share cute photos of my craft room birds, offer coupon codes, share work in progress images, and so much more!Website and Blog: http://www.beezeeart.comTumblr: http://www.beezeeart.tumblr.comFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/beezeeartInstagram: http://instagram.com/beezeeart/
After 30 pointless years of violence, the border is centre stage in UK politics ... and Sinn Fein had nothing to do with it BelfastTelegraph.co.uk It would do no harm for Sinn Feiners to reflect on the marvel that the Irish border is now at the very heart of political contention between Britain and Ireland - and that they can take no credit for having put it there. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/news-analysis/after-30-pointless-years-of-violence-the-border-is-centre-stage-in-uk-politics-and-sinn-fein-had-nothing-to-do-with-it-36388731.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/article36388730.ece/7830c/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-12-08_opi_36863418_I1.JPG
Email
It would do no harm for Sinn Feiners to reflect on the marvel that the Irish border is now at the very heart of political contention between Britain and Ireland - and that they can take no credit for having put it there.
Not a bullet, or a bomb, had anything to do with the fact that a test of competing vetoes between the Irish government and the DUP will decide the status of that border.
Britain is snared on that question as surely as if the border was a fault-line and Theresa May had caught a heel in the crack.
But nothing the Provisional movement did over 30 years of trying to force the British and Irish governments to rethink partition has contributed anything to this circumstance.
And there appears to be nothing much that Sinn Fein can do right now to influence the outworking of this contest.
Yes, uppity Tories who can't get their heads round the fact that Ireland is an independent state with interests to preserve are kidding themselves that this whole deadlock is a game to outflank Sinn Fein. They don't see that this attitude further appals the Irish.
Yes, we knew that some sectarian unionists couldn't credit nationalists with political maturity, but we hadn't grasped that so many Tories didn't even think Ireland was a country.
At least the weapons being wielded now are purely political and parliamentary.
The champion of the Irish demand that the border remain as invisible as heretofore is not Gerry Adams, Cu Chulainn, or the ghost of De Valera. It is Leo Varadkar, a politician whose name many journalists have yet to learn how to spell.
He is the leader of Fine Gael, the party which riled republicans down the decades by refusing to identify with any pan-nationalist project.
He perplexes many British politicians and political commentators, who can only imagine that he is motivated by a sinister impulse to drive forward a republican agenda, though in this case that is as likely as Jeremy Corbyn kissing Donald Trump on both cheeks.
Varadkar insists that he is not trying to unite Ireland, or at least that that is not the motivation for his threat to veto Britain's move to phase two of the Brexit talks.
Still, his steady nerve - so far - is garnering support, uniting more of his country behind him.
And there is also a realistic prospect of Brexit bringing a united Ireland closer.
Northern Ireland is the one part of Britain in which people, if they are unhappy with the outcome of the Brexit talks, or the actual outworking of Brexit itself, can vote themselves back into the EU through a border poll.
Given that the majority here voted Remain, all it takes is for that majority to hold for a few years, enthused perhaps by British economic decline, or the continuing depletion of the health service, and it would be a very blithe unionist who would sleep easy at night.
But how well would you sleep if you had promoted murder and sabotage for decades to force this prospect, only to discover that your efforts were entirely fruitless and that English nationalism, instead, would raise the prospect of your dreams coming true?
You might hope that those chauvinistic Brits, dreaming of taking back control of their borders, would further exacerbate the problem. Indeed, if they come to the conclusion in the coming days or weeks that their Union with Northern Ireland only spoils their Brexit for them, they might start thinking of ways to be rid of us.
But, again, these are fancies that the Provo mind can relish but neither take credit for, nor actually realise. They were to be the vanguard of freedom, but they are now at the sidelines of history.
The champion of the Union now is the DUP, doing the job it was created to do, defending the Union with Britain as inviolable.
Destiny has also delivered a marvel to them. It has equipped them with a veto over Britain's advance to phase two of talks. And their veto is every bit as effective as Ireland's.
They have tested it in the full heat of battle and found that a single phonecall could bring Theresa May scurrying back from Brussels to rewrite a deal which her own judgment had said was fine.
They have lost the run of themselves and fail to see that they might be damaging the Union they love.
Sinn Fein has one weapon it can use against the DUP - it can block their return to Stormont.
They have another, but they refuse to use it. They could take seven seats in Westminster, which might turn out to be very decisive in the new volatility created by the clashing vetoes of Ireland and the DUP.
We might easily see a split in the Tory party, as hard Brexiteers sicken of May's malleability. We might see votes which are very narrow indeed. We might see a General Election in the spring and a further effort to find a Prime Minister who can deal with Europe.
Sinn Fein's abstentionism belongs to a period of republican purism that ended in the 1980s. The party decided then to enter parliamentary politics, but only in Dublin and in local government, and then in Stormont, but not in Westminster.
Sinn Fein is a parliamentary party with parliamentary skills and experience.
It exempts itself from parliamentary combat, because it wants to go on believing that it is a purely principled revolutionary movement that has conceded nothing to political parliamentary expediency.
It is self-deluded. It clings to its principle in only one forum, like a vegetarian who thinks it is okay to eat fish and chicken and that, so long as he doesn't eat red meat, he can still call himself a vegetarian.
But here's a scenario. What if withholding those seven votes, either in this parliamentary term or another, was to land us with a hard Brexit, a British walkout of the talks and a hard border?
Sinn Fein would then have reinforced partition when faced with a prospect of bringing the two parts of Ireland closer together.
Then again, maybe Sinn Fein likes the idea of Brexit. Maybe it secretly hopes that the disruption it will cause will be the more likely route to Irish unity. After all, they did very little to prevent the Leave vote, hardly campaigned at all.
Well, that would be their form. But even then they would have English nationalists to thank for the crisis and for the opportunity that England's difficulty has traditionally been.
And their 'war' would have had nothing to do with it; history would record it as a digression.
Belfast Telegraph
The equatorial electrojet might not make compasses needles spin wildly, but according to scientists this unearthly force is suspected of messing with electrical grids near the equator. This current of electrons and ions is localized in Earth's ionosphere, at around 60 miles (100 km) above the ground.
New research shows that when a solar wind shock wave hits the Earth, the equatorial electrojet can suddenly amp up and create localized magnetic storms. This is just smaller versions of the large geomagnetic storms knocking out power grids and damaging pipelines under the aurora-lit skies of higher latitudes.
This newly discovered phenomenon Is like a "Bermuda Triangle in space", according to scientists. Even if there might not be U.F.O.s crashing in it, it creates a region of space where satellites shut down, telescopes can't function and computers crash.
According to Brett Carter, a space physicist at RMIT University's SPACE Research Center in Australia, Earth's magnetic field acts like an umbrella. When the "wind changes the umbrella also flops around". The most sensitive places to these abrupt solar wind changes are near high latitudes and the equator.
Carter added that these are not doomsday-style events. However, the idea of space weather affecting the ground on Earth so far away from the poles is rather new. Carter is the lead author of a paper reporting the new discovery in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
The research team discovered the equatorial electrojet's tendency to act up when hit by interplanetary waves by analyzing 14 years of ionospheric data from around the world. The current can be amplified by even small interplanetary shock waves, according to Carter and his colleagues.
When the equatorial electrojet is encountering these shock waves in the region of ionosphere where sun's magnetic field is encountering Earth's magnetic field, strange phenomena may occur even if the shock waves that are too weak to trigger high latitude geomagnetic storms.
According to the new findings, the equatorial space weather might rev up a lot more frequently than at high latitudes. The more frequent magnetic storms from the equatorial electrojet could be causing problems in pipelines and electrical grids in places like South America, Africa, southern India and Southeast Asia, inform the researchers.
Vince High on Rhodes
PWTorch.com is reporting that Vince McMahon is said to be high on Smackdown star Cody Rhodes right now, even though he had lack faith in The Intercontinental Champion in the past. One of the reasons why Vince never approved a main event push for Rhodes is becasue he felt he was an overactor.
Why WWE Brought Jim Ross Back to TV
The Wrestling Observer is reporting that the reason why WWE made the decision to bring Jim Ross back to TV so quickly after he was "fired" on Raw, was because in analyzing the ratings breakdown of the show, WWE noticed that the Raw rating tanked immediately following the JR firing segment.
Additionally, it's being said that WWE received a ton of negative press after the firing via its social networking outlets. At this point, it's believed that anything is possible concerning Ross' future on TV.
I've played this character in the previous campaign(s) of our group and it got retired. The idea was to create a strong social character that also fulfills the role of a classical rogue (disabling traps and opening doors). She still has some use in combat, but is very squishy and should stay hidden or behind the tank at any time.
Vashta Nerada (name origin) is a female half-elven rogue. She used to work as a courtesan but found people tend to pay more for the possessions of her clients than the clients for her services. Being a trained courtesan she has no problem to seduce victims and infiltrate mansions and strongholds. Her social skills and profession allow her to penetrate strong security measures and obtain objects of desire while the owner is fast asleep.
Name: Vashta Nerada
Race: Half-Elf
Class: Rogue/10
Ability Scores
Raw: STR: 10 DEX: 18 CON: 10 INT: 14 WIS: 10 CHA: 18
Equipped: STR: 10 DEX: 22 CON: 10 INT: 14 WIS: 10 CHA: 20
(Point Buy 25: STR: 10 DEX: 16 CON: 10 INT: 14 WIS: 10 CHA: 16, +2 DEX Race Bonus, +2 CHA from level 4+8)
Combat
Hit Points: 10D8
Initiative: 8
Reflex: 13 Fortitude: 3 Willpower: 3
Armor Class: 22 Touch: 16 Flat-footed: 16
CMB: 7 CMD: 23
Shortbow: Attacks: +16/+11 Damage: 1d6+2 Crit: 20/x3
Shortbow(30 feet): Attacks: +17/+12 Damage: 1d6+2 (+5d6 +5 bleed on Sneak Attack) Crit: 20/x3
Dagger: Attacks: +14/+9 Damage: 1d4 (+5d6 +5 bleed on Sneak Attack) Crit: 19-20/x2
Feats
(5 regular + 1 skill focus from race)
Point-Blank Shot – +1 attack and damage on targets within 30 feet
Precise Shot – No penalty for shooting into melee
Weapon Finesse – Use DEX instead of STR on attack rolls with light weapons
Weapon Focus(Short Bow) – +1 bonus on attack rolls with one weapon
Skill Focus(Perception) – +3 bonuses on one skill (+6 at 10 ranks)
Skill Focus(Stealth) – +3 bonuses on one skill (+6 at 10 ranks)
Rogue Talents
(4 Normal, 1 Advanced )
Bleeding Attack: A rogue with this ability can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack.
A rogue with this ability can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack. Fast Stealth: This ability allows a rogue to move at full speed using the Stealth skill without penalty.
This ability allows a rogue to move at full speed using the Stealth skill without penalty. Trap Spotter: Whenever a rogue with this talent comes within 10 feet of a trap, she receives an immediate Perception skill check to notice the trap.
Whenever a rogue with this talent comes within 10 feet of a trap, she receives an immediate Perception skill check to notice the trap. Sniper's Eye: A rogue with this talent can apply her sneak attack damage on ranged attacks targeting foes within 30 feet that benefit from concealment.
A rogue with this talent can apply her sneak attack damage on ranged attacks targeting foes within 30 feet that benefit from concealment. Stealthy Sniper: When a rogue with this talent uses the Stealth skill to snipe, she only suffers a –10 penalties on the Stealth check, instead of –20.
Traits
Charming : Blessed with good looks, you've come to depend on the fact that others find you attractive. You gain a +1 trait bonus when you use Bluff or Diplomacy on a character that is (or could be) sexually attracted to you, and a +1 trait bonus to the save DC of any language-dependent spell you cast on such characters or creatures.
: Blessed with good looks, you've come to depend on the fact that others find you attractive. You gain a +1 trait bonus when you use Bluff or Diplomacy on a character that is (or could be) sexually attracted to you, and a +1 trait bonus to the save DC of any language-dependent spell you cast on such characters or creatures. Elven Reflexes: One of your parents was a member of a wild elven tribe, and you've inherited a portion of your elven parent's quick reflexes. You gain a +2 trait bonuses on Initiative checks.
Equipment
(62000 GP at level 10)
Darkwood Shortbow +2 (8350)
(8350) Dagger +1 (2302)
(2302) Mithral Chain Shirt +2 (5300)
(5300) Corset of the vishkanya (3000): As a free action, the wearer can compress herself to fit through tight spaces as though affected by a squeeze spell ( Advanced Race Guide ) for up to 10 rounds per day. While using the corset's magic, she gains a +5 bonuses on Escape Artist checks.
(3000): As a free action, the wearer can compress herself to fit through tight spaces as though affected by a spell ( ) for up to 10 rounds per day. While using the corset's magic, she gains a +5 bonuses on Escape Artist checks. Cloak of Elvenkind (2500) : +5 Stealth
(2500) +5 Stealth Eyes of the Eagle (2500): +5 Perception
(2500): +5 Perception Vests of Escape (5200): Hidden inside these are magic lockpicks that provide a +4 competence bonuses on Disable Device checks. The vest also grants its wearer a +6 competence bonuses on Escape Artist checks.
(5200): Hidden inside these are magic lockpicks that provide a +4 competence bonuses on Disable Device checks. The vest also grants its wearer a +6 competence bonuses on Escape Artist checks. Belt of incredible dexterity +4 (16000): +4 Dexterity
(16000): +4 Dexterity Boots of the Winterland (2500): The wearer of these boots is able to travel across snow at her normal speed, leaving no tracks. (And more)
(2500): The wearer of these boots is able to travel across snow at her normal speed, leaving no tracks. (And more) Hat of Disguise (1800): This apparently normal hat allows its wearer to alter her appearance as with a disguise self spell.
(1800): This apparently normal hat allows its wearer to alter her appearance as with a disguise self spell. Headband of alluring charisma +2 (4000): +2 Charisma
(4000): +2 Charisma Mind sentinel medallion (3500): The medallion grants a continuous +2 resistance bonuses on saves versus mind-affecting spells, spell-like abilities, and supernatural abilities.
(3500): The medallion grants a continuous +2 resistance bonuses on saves versus mind-affecting spells, spell-like abilities, and supernatural abilities. Sleeves of many garments (200): The wearer of these sleeves can, when she slips them on, choose to transform her current garments into any other nonmagical set of clothing.
(200): The wearer of these sleeves can, when she slips them on, choose to transform her current garments into any other nonmagical set of clothing. Apprentice's cheating gloves (2200): The wearer of these gloves can employ mage hand and prestidigitation at will.
(2200): The wearer of these gloves can employ and at will. 2648 GP for other equipment and toys.
Skills
(ranks only, 11 ranks per level)
Skill Rank Total Acrobatics 10 19 Stealth 10 30 Diplomacy 10 18 Disable Device 10 22 Disguise 10 18 Sleights of Hand 10 19 Sense Motive 10 13 Perception 10 24 Bluff 10
18 Knowledge (local) 5 10 Linguistics 3 8 Climb 4 7 Intimidate 3 11 Escape Artist 2 11 Swim 1 4 Perform (Dance) 1 9 Knowledge (dungeoneering) 1 6
Situational Bonus:
(CBS) To be clear: The Cubs remain steadfast in their plan for second-year slugger Kyle Schwarber to sit out the rest of the 2016 season as he continues his recovery and rehab from a torn ACL and LCL in his left knee that he suffered during the first week of the season.
That doesn't mean Schwarber can't dream, though.
As the Cubs continue a march to the postseason with baseball's best record and a 12.5-game lead in the NL Central, Schwarber on Thursday left the door opened oh so slightly to a return this season.
In an interview with 670 The Score pregame and postgame host Mark Grote, Schwarber was asked whether there's “any chance of coming back this year?”
“There's no comment on that — most likely probably not,” Schwarber said. “So we're shooting for spring, but I'm going to push myself as hard as I can to come back as soon as I can. It sounds like it's going to be spring.”
Schwarber's rehab process is going well, though it should be noted he hasn't even started side-to-side movement on his injured knee yet. He continues to be a constant presence around the Cubs.
“I feel good,” Schwarber said. “Everything's right where it needs to be. Doctors said it's looking good. I'm starting to jog now on the ground, straight lines, no cutting. Everything's going according to plan, it's just a low processs. I'm just happy to be here and be able to watch some baseball and cheer these guys on.”
Despite the emergence of rookie catcher Willson Contreras, Schwarber is still continuing with his preparations as a catcher. He split time between the outfield and catcher in 2015 after coming up through the college ranks as a catcher.
“I want to be ready for anything, so I want to keep the same mindset,” Schwarber said. “Even through this injury, I want to prepare as a catcher and keep studying everything I possibly can to be ready for next year.”
Schwarber hit .246 with 16 homers, 43 RBIs and an .842 OPS in 69 games as a rookie in 2015.
Reading Time: 2 minutes
In this TestNG tutorial, We are going to cover How you can Start the TestNG in Selenium Java.
TestNG is next generation testing framework like JUnit & NUnit but with extra features(Read keywords, Generate Test Reports, Generate logs) and easy to use. TestNG framework can cover different type of the tests like Integration, Unit, end-to-end, etc.
Installing TestNG in Eclispe:
Open Eclipse , Select Help / Software updates / Find and Install.
Search for new features to install.
New remote site.
For Eclipse 3.4 and above, enter http://beust.com/eclipse .
For Eclipse 3.3 and below, enter http://beust.com/eclipse1 .
Make sure the checkbox next to URL is checked and click Next .
Eclipse will then guide you through the process .
We are going to Test a Demo website “http://demoaut.com/mercuryregister.php” and will write a Test case
to Do a Registration in it.
Project Structure:
Step1:
Create a project in the eclipse. Add the Selenium StandAlone jar and TestNG jar into a new libs folder.
Make sure you add them to Build Path by Right Click – Build Path –> Add to Build Path.
Step2:
Create a Base Class with Test Fixture methods e.g. Setup and Tear Down. Note: I have added function name
as JUnit you can name them as you want), Add annotations as Before Method and After Method.
package com.scrolltest.testng; import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver; import org.openqa.selenium.firefox.FirefoxDriver; import org.testng.annotations.AfterMethod; import org.testng.annotations.BeforeMethod; public class BaseClass { WebDriver driver; @BeforeMethod public void setUp() { driver = new FirefoxDriver(); } @AfterMethod public void tearDown() { // driver.close(); driver.quit(); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 package com . scrolltest . testng ; import org . openqa . selenium . WebDriver ; import org . openqa . selenium . firefox . FirefoxDriver ; import org . testng . annotations . AfterMethod ; import org . testng . annotations . BeforeMethod ; public class BaseClass { WebDriver driver ; @BeforeMethod public void setUp ( ) { driver = new FirefoxDriver ( ) ; } @AfterMethod public void tearDown ( ) { // driver.close(); driver . quit ( ) ; } }
Step3 :
Create a Separate Class with Name Registration .java to write a Test case for Registration of the
Demo: Website http://demoaut.com/mercuryregister.php
package com.scrolltest.testng; import org.openqa.selenium.By; import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver; import org.openqa.selenium.WebElement; import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.Select; import org.testng.Reporter; public class RegisterationPageObect { private WebDriver driver; public RegisterationPageObect(WebDriver driver) { this.driver = driver; } public void RegisterUser() { driver.findElement(By.name("firstName")).sendKeys("Pramod"); driver.findElement(By.name("lastName")).sendKeys("Dutta"); driver.findElement(By.name("phone")).sendKeys("981457452"); WebElement t = driver.findElement(By.id("userName")); driver.findElement(By.id("userName")).sendKeys("a@c.com"); Reporter.log(""+t.getAttribute("maxlength")); // #Drop Down new Select(driver.findElement(By.name("country"))) .selectByVisibleText("ANGUILLA"); // register driver.findElement(By.name("register")).click(); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 package com . scrolltest . testng ; import org . openqa . selenium . By ; import org . openqa . selenium . WebDriver ; import org . openqa . selenium . WebElement ; import org . openqa . selenium . support . ui . Select ; import org . testng . Reporter ; public class RegisterationPageObect { private WebDriver driver ; public RegisterationPageObect ( WebDriver driver ) { this . driver = driver ; } public void RegisterUser ( ) { driver . findElement ( By . name ( "firstName" ) ) . sendKeys ( "Pramod" ) ; driver . findElement ( By . name ( "lastName" ) ) . sendKeys ( "Dutta" ) ; driver . findElement ( By . name ( "phone" ) ) . sendKeys ( "981457452" ) ; WebElement t = driver . findElement ( By . id ( "userName" ) ) ; driver . findElement ( By . id ( "userName" ) ) . sendKeys ( [email protected]" ) ; Reporter . log ( "" + t . getAttribute ( "maxlength" ) ) ; // #Drop Down new Select ( driver . findElement ( By . name ( "country" ) ) ) . selectByVisibleText ( "ANGUILLA" ) ; // register driver . findElement ( By . name ( "register" ) ) . click ( ) ; } }
Step4: Now let's create a Final class and TestNG xml file.
MainClass.java
package com.scrolltest.testng; import org.openqa.selenium.By; import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.Select; import org.testng.annotations.Test; public class MainClass extends BaseClass { @Test public void testRegisterationInDemoAUT() throws InterruptedException { RegistrationPageObect pageOject = new RegistrationPageObect(driver); driver.get("http://demoaut.com/mercuryregister.php"); pageOject.RegisterUser(); assert driver .findElement(By.tagName("body")) .getText() .contains( "Thank you for registering. You may now sign in using the user name and password you've just entered."); assert driver.findElement(By.tagName("body")).getText() .contains("Dear Pramod Dutta,"); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 package com . scrolltest . testng ; import org . openqa . selenium . By ; import org . openqa . selenium . support . ui . Select ; import org . testng . annotations . Test ; public class MainClass extends BaseClass { @Test public void testRegisterationInDemoAUT ( ) throws InterruptedException { RegistrationPageObect pageOject = new RegistrationPageObect ( driver ) ; driver . get ( "http://demoaut.com/mercuryregister.php" ) ; pageOject . RegisterUser ( ) ; assert driver . findElement ( By . tagName ( "body" ) ) . getText ( ) . contains ( "Thank you for registering. You may now sign in using the user name and password you've just entered." ) ; assert driver . findElement ( By . tagName ( "body" ) ) . getText ( ) . contains ( "Dear Pramod Dutta," ) ; } }
Step5:
Now Run the Test by Creating new TestNG configuration by Clicking on the Project->Run Configuration, Select
the TestSuite and browse the XML file(testng.xml). and Now Run the Project.
Step6:
After run successfully, If you refresh you project you will see the test-output folder , Open “index.html” and see that You Test Suite Results. Click on the Report output link you can see max length also.(Used as Logging)
Source code Github
You may also want to checkout
The Definitive Guide to Do API Testing in 2019
How to do Local testing and what is it?
National has taken a 'Dirty Politics' hit in the latest ONE News Colmar Brunton poll, down two points to 48% while Labour has gained two and is sitting at 28%.
The poll accounts for the effects of Nicky Hager's Dirty Politics book but not this weekend's developments.
The Greens are up another point to 12% and New Zealand First is safely across the line on 6%. The Conservatives are up one to 3% while Internet Mana is down two to 2%. The Maori Party lingers on just 1%.
However this month's revelations have not damaged John Key's standing as preferred prime minister as he climbs two points to 47%.
Labour leader David Cunliffe also lifted two points but is still a long way behind on 12%. Winston Peters is up one on 5%.
The results leave Winston Peters in a strong position with eight seats. National would hold only a very slim majority with the Maori Party, Act and United Future and John Key would need NZ First to be secure.
The margin of error on the poll is plus or minus 3.1%.
The latest poll also asked if people respondents believe John Key when he says he was not personally informed about the release of SIS information to blogger Cameron Slater.
While 41% said they do believe him, 44% say they don't and 14% said they didn't know.
My gifter had some troubles that made the package late, and I was out of town when it finally got here, but I finally got it! It was exactly what I was hoping I would get.
She made me this GORGEOUS pendant. I can't believe she made it! It's so intricate and pretty.
I really love tasting foods from different regions, states, and countries. She's from Rhode Island, so she got me lots of tasty things native to her area. She gave me chocolate covered raisin "seagull poop", some all-natural frozen lemonade mix (which I'll be trying out with my boyfriend tomorrow), and some coffee milk ( which is apparently the state drink). I've never heard of coffee milk, but man it's delicious!
I'm so happy I got to try out all these things I've never heard of, and now I also have a hand-made pendant that's just my style. I'm very happy :) Thank you gifter!
Prior to the release of Captain Marvel in 2019, Marvel Studios will release Ant-Man and the Wasp, the first film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe to be named after one of their heroines. It's also the first time we'll see Evangeline Lilly‘s Hope van Dyne take on the mantle of the Wasp, a title that belonged to her mother, Janet.
We already know that most of the writing team from the first Ant-Man film will return for the sequel, although Adam McKay‘s involvement in actually writing the script is still up in the air. When Ant-Man and the Wasp was confirmed, Deadline reported that Paul Rudd, Andrew Barrer, and Gabriel Ferrari will return to work on the script, while McKay would help to develop the story beforehand.
During a recent chat with the folks over at IGN, McKay reiterated that he's still unsure of his involvement in the sequel, while also talking about the potential for a Wasp solo film down the line.
“Possibly. I think it all depends on this sequel and how the character plays. Certainly there are a lot of female superheroes in the Marvel universe so I'm sure you're going to see them start to spread out. They sort of started with their kind of bedrock characters from the 60's and the 70's and I think you saw more of an explosion of female characters happening in the 80's and then the 90's. X-Men obviously has great female characters, but that'd be interesting, a Wasp movie. I don't know, that'd be very interesting. I always think of the two of them as kind of together – they always were in the comics – but why not. Sure.”
Now, of course, this doesn't mean that there will be a standalone Wasp film, or that Marvel is even considering making one. Still, it's nice to see someone involved with both the Ant-Man films, and Marvel, showing potential interest in one.
Would you like to see a standalone Wasp movie? Sounds off in the comments below!
Source: IGN.
When Maori settlers arrived in New Zealand in the 13th century, they were greeted by some formidable inhabitants: the moa, nine species of flightless birds up to 12 feet tall.
The creatures lacked even vestigial wings; they looked like walking bags of feathers with a small head perched on top. The moa were the dominant large herbivores in New Zealand, which had no native mammals, save for bats.
Over the next century or so, the moa disappeared. Their very existence was unknown until the 19th century, when excavations of Maori shell heaps revealed oven-charred skeletons, gizzard stones and eggshells.
Scientists have long assumed that humans played a role in the moa's obliteration, but that became a subject of debate. Some researchers believed that the bird was already on the way out when humans arrived, thanks to factors like climate change, volcanic eruptions and disease.
An Arkansas mom was disturbed to learn her sixth grade daughter's homework was to "prioritize, revise, prune two and add two" amendments in the Bill of Rights. The homework, part of the controversial Common Core curriculum, said that the Bill of Rights is "outdated and may not remain in its current form any longer."
A copy of page 1 of the assignment:
Common Core Homework Assignment
And page 2 here.
Lela Spears was particularly disturbed because her daughter's Sixth Grade History class "had received no prior training in civics or how to amend the Constitution, which may lead those children to incorrectly believe that it can be changed by a 'special committee' as suggested by the assignment," Digital Journal reported:
"After she brought it home and explained her assignment to me, it made me question exactly what she was being taught. Where I can see a class using critical thinking skills to modernize the words, as to help them better understand the Amendments, giving an assignment to remove two then add two with little explanation as to why is upsetting," Lela Spears said.
The first ten amendments to the Constitution, also known as the Bill of Rights, contain amendments that guarantee the right to free speech, assembly, the right to bear arms, due process, trial by jury, no cruel or unusual punishment, and limits to Federal power.
This homework was part of the Common Core curriculum which parents have been clamoring to replace in several states. Jeb Bush and Hilary Clinton are very public fans of the curriculum.
CNSNews.com contacted Devin Sherrill from Bryant Public School District for comment, who provided a statement (Facts Regarding Bill of Rights Assignment (1).pdf) by the district on the incident explaining:
"In cases like this, it's necessary to look at the curriculum as a whole. When taken out of context, it's difficult to find the intent of the assignment. Seen as a unit of study, it should be clear that students discussed the process of writing the Constitution, were given instructions on the Bill of Rights and asked to apply that knowledge to a project based assignment..."
The press release does not explain why curriculum writers felt part of learning about the Bill of Rights included asking children to remove two of them.
Are any of the rights unnecessary? Which is more important to you: freedom of speech, or freedom of religion?
The federal government is expected to score a $10 billion windfall over the next decade after multinational oil giant Chevron abandoned an appeal against the Australian Tax Office in the High Court.
In a settlement believed to be worth more than $1 billion, the US company's case hands Australian authorities a precedent that will shape all future tax arrangements for multinational resources companies.
The decision has been described by the Tax Office as "one of the most important decisions" in corporate tax history and brings to a close one of the largest corporate tax matters before the ATO.
"The ATO's initial estimates are that the Chevron decision will bring in more than $10 billion dollars of additional revenue over the next 10 years in relation to transfer pricing of related party financing alone," said Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer.
The U.S. President-elect and his family want a Trump Tower in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The question is whether Donald Trump and his children are using their newly found political power to push the deal across the finish line. It would raise questions of yet another conflict of interest between Trump's business empire and the White House.
Trump spoke to Argentina's president, Mauricio Macri, on November 14 and Ivanka Trump also briefly came on the call, according to Macri's spokesperson.
The two go back a long way. Macri has a similar background -- his father was a billionaire real estate developer, and the Macri family did a real estate deal with Trump in New York in the 1980s. Macri and Trump were friends at the time, and Macri has known Ivanka since she was a kid.
Macri's spokesperson denies that the Trump Tower in Argentina came up during the conversation.
"They only talked about maintaining relations between both countries, restarted during the administration of Macri and of Obama. Towards the end [of the call] they recalled their personal relationship from years ago," the spokesperson Ivan Pavlovsky, told CNN.
Smoke is still rising though.
Related: WSJ to Trump: Liquidate your holdings
On election night, Eric Trump took a selfie with one of the developers of the planned tower in Argentina.
Just three days after the Macri-Trump conversation, the YY Development Group, told the La Nacion newspaper that construction for the Trump Tower could begin in June 2017 with a budget of $100 million. They're only waiting for final approval from the city government.
They later put out a press release making the Argentina tower sound like all but a done deal similar to other Trump buildings in Latin America.
"Panama, Brazil, Uruguay and very soon Argentina. The magnate Donald Trump expands his 'ultraexclusive' towers in South America," the release said. YY Development Group also built the Trump Tower in Punta del Este, Uruguay.
The hurdle for a city government approval doesn't look high. The mayor of Buenos Aires, Horacio Rodriguez Larreta, was Macri's chief of staff when Macri was mayor of Buenos Aires from 2007 to 2015. Larreta stepped right into his boss' old job last year.
Related: Trump's family plan to cut business conflicts falls short
Larreta, a city government spokesperson and YY Development Group did not respond to emails seeking comment.
The controversy was first ignited over the weekend when two Argentine journalists, Jorge Lanata and Romina Manguel, said on TV that during their conversation, Trump asked Macri for help getting approval for the tower. Lanata said he was "half joking, half serious" and didn't cite any sources.
Both Trump and Macri's spokespersons have denied that happened.
Trump has known Macri for decades. He even spent a few pages in his book, "Art of the Deal," detailing how he helped Macri's dad, Francisco.
"The Macri team had plenty of brainpowers. What they lacked was practical experience, especially in New York City," Trump wrote. He claims he did the Macri family a big favor by letting Francisco off the hook of a real estate venture in New York.
Related: Argentina is in recession
However, Macri -- who became Argentina's president last December -- told 60 minutes in an interview earlier this year he remembered it a bit differently.
"We were in a very weak position...But I could say that we tied," Macri told 60 minutes. He said "I'm not so sure," Trump is the best negotiator in the world.
The two haven't always been close though. Macri threw his support behind Hillary Clinton in September.
On Monday, Trump appeared to rebuke news coverage of the Argentina tower controversy, tweeting "Prior to the election, it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world. Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!"
We've already spilled a lot of ink over last night's Nintendo Switch reveal event, but the biggest surprise of the night for me was a simple one: I want a Nintendo Switch. I really, really want a Nintendo Switch.
Given my line of work, it's no shock that I'm going to buy the latest video game hardware. But I try to go into every press conference with an equal measure of excitement and skepticism; since the Wii U was such a disappointment for me, my emotions heading into the Switch event were definitely balanced more on the skepticism side of that scale.
But by the time the hour-long presentation was finished, there was no doubt in my mind that I will buy a Switch, and that I am excited to do so. And there's one all too commonly overlooked reason for that excitement: games, damn it.
It's all about the software
Nintendo's approach to the Switch lineup seems to be heavily focused on quality above quantity. As of right now, only a handful of games has been confirmed for release on launch, with another couple of dozen confirmed for the months following launch. It's a thin lineup right now, and that's certainly cause for concern.
That said, of the games that have been announced, a surprising number of them appeal to my very specific, highly niche tastes. More than the Wii U – and heck, more than any console launch in recent memory – the first games revealed for the Switch include a whole lot of deep, challenging role-playing games and obscure, promising titles of the kind usually made in Japan.
the Switch lineup is focused on quality above quantity
Let's do a play-by-play of some of the most interesting stuff, in the order that it was showcased.
Splatoon 2 — It's not a huge surprise that our #8 game of the year from 2015 is getting a sequel, but I sure didn't expect it to already be planned for release this summer. Splatoon came out of nowhere and charmed the hell out of me, proving that Nintendo could offer a unique approach to the online, competitive shooter genre. I can't wait to see how they build on that formula in a sequel.
Super Mario Odyssey — What if Mario, but open world? What if Mario, but extremely high-fidelity graphics? What if Mario, but featuring the same creepy realistic human characters as Sonic Adventure? Based off its initial reveal back in October 2016, all I expected from the next Mario game was a return to the full 3D style I loved in Super Mario Galaxy and its sequel. But Nintendo is doing so much more than that with Super Mario Odyssey, taking its beloved mascot into weird-as-hell territory that I never expected. I can't wait.
Xenoblade Chronicles 2 — The Wii U's Xenoblade Chronicles X was a bit of a disappointment, but that's all the more reason that I'm excited for Xenoblade Chronicles 2. In name, visual style and tone, it appears to be a return to the elements that made 2012's Xenoblade Chronicles a cult classic on the Wii. Even better, Xenoblade Chronicles 2 will apparently release in 2017 (in Japan at least).
Fire Emblem Warriors — With Hyrule Warriors, Koei Tecmo proved that its ever-popular Dynasty Warriors beat-em-up formula could translate beautifully to Nintendo's best-known fantasy property. The Fire Emblem series may not be quite as popular as Zelda, but Fire Emblem seems like an even more natural fit for what developer Omega Force does best. Slashing through hundreds of enemy soldiers as Marth? Yep, I'm ready for that.
Dragon Quest 10 and Dragon Quest 11 — Neither of these have been confirmed for North America, but I'm keeping my hopes high. Dragon Quest 10 switches up the formula of the classic Japanese role-playing game series by turning it into a massively multiplayer game. Everything I've heard from friends in Japan who have played it is that it's an incredible, totally unique MMO experience.
I fully expect the next SMT game to raise the bar yet again
As for Dragon Quest 11, that was the first game ever announced for Nintendo's new hardware way back in July 2015. It's also coming to PlayStation 4 and 3DS, but it essentially exists as a single game with three wildly different art styles depending on what platform you play it on. It's an ambitious undertaking, both a forward-looking, gorgeous next-gen game and a retro throwback at the same time.
A Shin Megami Tensei game — Atlus hasn't given a name yet to the latest game in its long-running franchise, and the company even seems unwilling to admit whether or not it will come to North America. Awkwardly so. But even light on details, it's impossible for me to not be excited about a Shin Megami Tensei game. Atlus has built up a reputation for continuously pumping out some of the deepest, most challenging and most satisfying role-playing games around. With next-gen console power and running on Unreal Engine 4, I fully expect the next SMT game to raise the bar yet again.
Project Octopath Traveler — Mmmm, you see that? That's the kind of ridiculous naming conventions you only get from Japan, and honestly, especially only from Square Enix. Our glimpses of Square's latest role-playing game were minimal, but this one appears to mix retro and modern visuals in a pseudo-2D, almost Paper Mario-esque style. “What does it mean to play a role?” the voiceover to the trailer intones, suggesting that the game may toy with the very meaning of the RPG genre.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild — Listen. Chances are I don't need to sell you on Breath of the Wild. All I'm going to say is: that trailer. Lord, that trailer.
So will it be a success?
Hundreds of different factors are going to determine how well the Nintendo Switch does. Chances are, it won't be until well into 2018 or even beyond before we know for sure whether this console pleases both gamers and Nintendo stockholders, or is viewed as another flop like the Wii U.
But whatever its fate, this early software lineup has me fairly confident about one aspect of the system: The Nintendo Switch will be a great choice for gamers looking for more traditionally “hardcore” experiences. Yep, there's absolutely still more social and party-based offerings like 1-2-Switch (which looks like a lot of fun!) and Just Dance 2017 (which I couldn't care less about!). But it appears like both Nintendo and the third-party publishers and developers it's partnered with are working much harder to please gamers looking for more engrossing experiences.
the Switch seems to suggest a return to expansive, complex games
If the Wii and the Wii U both represented Nintendo's shift toward family devices that urged everyone to play in groups and interact with each other, the Switch seems to suggest a return to something a lot of gamers are more comfortable with — expansive, complex games that are built for us to get lost in. At the very least, the Switch exists in a kinder middle ground between those two philosophies, rather than tipping its hat almost entirely in one direction.
My point isn't that I think this is necessarily the best business decision. I have no idea if it will be successful in the long run, and certainly I would never hesitate to call my tastes niche, as I've done previously in this very article. However, as a lifelong Nintendo fan who has felt fairly lukewarm about the company's approach during the last decade or so, I couldn't be more excited.
It's also worth noting that of the games I listed above, only one (The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild) will be available at launch. Some of them, like Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and the unnamed Shin Megami Tensei game, in all likelihood will not be released in North America before the end of the year. So even if you're equally excited about this list of games, it doesn't necessarily mean you need to rush out and buy a Switch right away at launch.
Hopefully by the end of 2017 or into 2018, Nintendo's new hardware will have an impressive back catalog, so anyone picking it up will have dozens of great games to catch up on. Me, though? I'm not going to be able to wait.
Switch Launch Titles Announced
There's a lot more to making an album than one person writing and recording some songs, packaging them in a way that looks OK and sticking them on Spotify. You've got label meetings about everything from release strategy to marketing budgets, social media campaigns to "activate" and singles that need to reach a certain level of success so your manager won't be pacing the record label offices, sweating all over himself before deciding to drop you. And while the most important element should be whether the music is actually good, this can often get lost along the way.
To that end, take a look at the liner notes for nearly any album over the past 20 years and you'll see loads of names attached to a single track – from songwriters to producers – because that's how music is usually made: collaboratively. But weirdly, there's nothing that upsets self-proclaimed "real music fans" more. I'm sure you can remember that Facebook meme (the worst kind of meme) that very smugly compared the number of writers on Beyoncé's self-titled opus with those on Beck's Morning Phase when people questioned why the latter had won the Grammy for Album of the Year in 2015. Getting salty or questioning the talent and validity of pop stars because they might not solely write all their own material is nothing new. But the album process goes way beyond just being able to write a tune.
"Why do we get so mad at singers who don't write their own songs?!" songwriter Justin Tranter, who's written for everyone from Ariana Grande to Fall Out Boy, recently asked during a podcast hosted by fellow songwriter Ross Golan. "No one's furious with Meryl Streep for not writing her Oscar-winning screenplay. Some singers are not meant to be writers, they're just amazing storytellers; they're interpreters. That is amazing. We need them. We would have nothing without them." Tranter and Golan then name-checked Selena Gomez, someone they both praise as being "the best curator in the business". As Jamila Scott, A&R at Method Music, told me via email, "curation means bringing together various different elements (whether that's writers, artists, samples, whatever) to showcase a specific artistic end goal."
That's where someone like Selena Gomez, according to her own collaborators, excels. Without melismatic over-singing and belting, she's able to convey emotion in a way that many artists cannot – whether the words have come directly from her or not is irrelevant. 2015's Revival was a masterclass in creating forward-thinking, earworm-style pop, while pushing against radio's reliance on EDM. Songs like "Good For You" – co-written by Tranter and 23-year-old Julia Michaels – and "Hands To Myself" did what all good pop music should, borrowing from an array of genres and eras and switching up radio's overriding sound in the process. They paved the way for the likes of Zayn Malik and modern-era Britney Spears to ditch the drops and let things glide.
Thematically, too, Revival's narrative of heartache, sexual exploration and personal anguish hits straight to the heart. "She's one of the greatest storytellers who has ever lived," Tranter said, noting that a lot of Gomez's skill comes from knowing what she wants to sound like, what's cool and what's innovative. "Whether she's singing something sexy or something sad, you believe it more than anybody right now."
Selena might not be sitting down with a guitar and a loop pedal and pouring her heart out about a castle on a hill, but I don't think that makes what she does any less emotive or authentic, and it certainly doesn't negate from her talent. Instead, she acts like a musical biochemist, threading together various ideas and sounds put forward by songwriters and producers to help shape the story she's trying to tell.
"If you become a good curator, you become a more culturally relevant artist," says another A&R, who asked to remain anonymous. "Your music transcends being just a couple of great albums to the point where you're seen as the leader of a scene and all these artists you built around your world are seen as second generations of whatever you started. If we're looking at it in a crude business-like way, it means you'll stay looking cool if you continue to surround yourself with the 'next best thing', even if your music is beginning to sound dated."
In this way, Selena is like this generation's Britney Spears. We don't need to dwell too much on what was going on with Britney in 2007, but during that time she released arguably her best album, Blackout. Producers have talked about how, initially, they were left to their own devices when creating material for the album, but as things progressed, Britney began to shape and mould the sessions into something propulsive and innovative (she acted as executive producer on the record, the first and only time she's taken that role). Her A&R at the time, Teresa LaBarbera Whites, noted that Spears was "very involved in the songs and how they turned out." She continued: "It's her magic that turns these songs into what they are."
While Spears may have once been the industry's forefront curator, that title now seems to firmly belong to Beyoncé. Yet, unlike Spears and Gomez who use curation to help express a moment in time or help tell their story, Beyoncé's approach is, in some ways, more mathematical and assertive. Lemonade, while certainly her most story-driven record yet, saw her leap across genres to create a post-modern muddle of sounds and textures, rather than pop songs for pop's sake.
"The way Beyoncé works is she pieces these things together," British songwriter and producer MNEK told i-D, speaking about co-writing "Hold Up" with her. "It wasn't too dissimilar to the way Brian Higgins [of Girls Aloud hit factory Xenomania] works, where it's a case of hearing a hook you like and then piecing it together to make something that is truly you." Embodying parts of the Yeah Yeah Yeah's "Maps", Soulja Boy's "Turn My Swag On" and even Andy Williams' "Can't Get Used to Losing You", "Hold Up" also includes credits from Ezra Koenig, Father John Misty, and Diplo. In that way, it sees Beyoncé assert her power as an artist with a clear message: she now transcends genre completely.
"Beyoncé is a scientist of songs. I've never seen anyone work the way she works," songwriter Diana Gordon, who co-wrote "Sorry" and "Daddy Lessons", has said of Beyoncé's technique. "She can take two songs, say, 'I like two lines, I like the melody then let me use that for a verse and a bridge and write the whole middle.' It's more of a collaboration. You never know what she'll like. I came to her with a bunch of songs and she was like, 'I like that verse, I like the idea.' But she definitely doesn't take things as is, at least not from me."
For Tom Aspaul, an artist and songwriter who has written for Kylie Minogue, Snakehips and AlunaGeorge, only someone of Beyoncé's calibre could pull off this William S Burroughs-like cut-up method. "It's a skill that people don't really describe or appreciate, although it's becoming more apparent with people like Beyoncé and Drake," he says. "They listen to what's happening on the ground and pick and choose what they like." More Life and its span of the black diaspora is proof of that too but Aspaul suggests that a snobbery exists around these methods. It's not the same as writing material, he argues, but it's equally important. "You can only get so much out of standard songwriting sessions," he says, "and music needs to keep reinventing itself."
In my mind, reinvention comes from both looking backward and towards the future. Beyoncé's use of intertextuality, be it sonic or lyrical, draws to mind the work of Blood Orange's Dev Hynes. Hynes' work, both as a songwriter, producer and artist in his own right, is immediately recognisable. Like Selena Gomez's delivery, there's something distinctive that only he can bring to the table; he interpolates himself into everything he works on. Listening to Sky Ferreira's "Everything Is Embarrassing" or Blood Orange's "Augustine", you know only Hynes could have made them. His Carly Rae Jepsen collaboration, "All That" also hammers home his colourful, beat-heavy Prince influences, while letting his production's understated melancholia take centre stage.
"More often than not, curation is about showcasing a wide, rich and varied musical knowledge, alongside being able to promote the work of people you admire," Jamila Scott says. "We live in a sharing culture, from photos of your breakfast to live streaming gigs. We are encouraged to bare all, so why would an artist's musical taste be different?"
If you were to place all three – Dev, Beyoncé and Selena Gomez – in order of who held the most "integrity" or "authenticity", Gomez would most often come out on the bottom. As Scott suggests, this is probably because she makes the most straight-up pop. "I guess that comes from the pop factories that have been in existence for ages now, and specialise in what I suppose you'd call curation," he explains. "Lots of those acts were seen as puppets for major labels and money-making outlets rather than in it for 'the art'." This is something that Ross Golan says is wrapped up the misogyny attached to being a female pop act, many of whom he credits as "some of the best writers in the music business". It's interesting when you consider how Elvis, who basically just sang songs written for him by other people, has still ended up with the title of King of Rock 'n' Roll.
Writing about Britney Spears for The Telegraph, Charlotte Runcie suggested that "there's a whole lot of talent behind the story of Britney's pop domination, but most of it doesn't belong to Spears". This, she argues, extends to "being a star", which she says has nothing to do with talent at all. In this way, she deftly sweeps together fellow artists like Selena Gomez and, to a degree, Beyoncé, ignoring the fact direct songwriting isn't the be all and end all.
Instead, there's more to putting together albums that innovate. Listening to Lemonade, only Beyoncé could have put out that record, despite – or perhaps because of – all of the collaborators she weaves together. Likewise, Revival is unequivocally a Selena Gomez album, steeped in emotion, vulnerability and her meticulously specific identity. Yeah, she might not have written the hooks, but that's never been the sole point of modern pop music. Rather, as modern society becomes more isolated we want to relate and feel connected to the music we listen to; it needs to feel real. And if being a curator is your way of doing that, I'd say that makes you pretty talented. There's more than one way to demonstrate artistry.
You can follow Alim on Twitter.
(Lead image by Amanda Nobles via Flickr)
“Writing a biography means living through an intimate and sometimes intimidating adventure,” writes Benoît Peeters in his newly translated biography of Jacques Derrida, who would have turned 83 today. But what is the difference between the biography of a living man and a dead man? In the Introduction to Derrida, published in France in 2010 and now beautifully translated into English by Andrew Brown, French artist, critic, and author Peeters writes, “Whatever happens, Jacques Derrida will not be part of his own life, like a sort of posthumous friend. A strange one-way friendship that he would not have failed to question.” The author continues in the book's introduction: “I am convinced of one thing: there are biographies only of the dead. So every biography is lacking its supreme reader: the one who is no longer there. If there is an ethics of biographers, it can perhaps be located here: would they dare to stand, book in hand, in front of their subject?”
Peeters is pleased that his book is now appearing in English. “My biography of Derrida, the first to be based on research work first-hand, was very well received when it was published in France,” Peeters told me in a recent interview. “And Derrida as a thinker is reflected in the world; it was logical that my book be translated. The United States played a decisive role in the reception of deconstruction. It is therefore not surprising that the English translation was the first to appear,” he said. Soon, he added, there will be translations available in German and Spanish, as well as Chinese, Japanese, and Korean.
But there is also Jacques Derrida's own reckoning on the art of biography to consider: “As you know, the traditional philosophy excludes biography, it considers biography as something external to philosophy. You'll remember Heidegger's reference to Aristotle: ‘What was Aristotle's life?' Well, the answer lay in a single sentence: ‘He was born, he thought, he died.' And all the rest is pure anecdote.” While a French audience wouldn't be surprised by such sardonic nihilism, it may be shocking for readers who are used to the ethic of Ralph Waldo Emerson, whose theory of history from a century earlier held that there is no history, only biography.
Derrida's attitude toward biography may have also been shaped by the experiences of his own family and his resulting loss of verifiable connection to his origins. Most of the papers concerning Derrida's family life and his early life growing up as a Jew in Algiers have disappeared. In a book review for the Guardian, literary theorist Terry Eagleton wrote:
At the age of 12, Derrida was excluded from his lycee when the Algerian government, anxious to outdo the Vichy regime in its anti-semitic zeal, decided to lower the quota of Jewish pupils. … Paradoxically, the effect of this brutal rejection on a “little black and very Arab Jew” as he described himself, was not only to make him feel an outsider, but to breed in him a lifelong aversion to communities. He was taken in by a Jewish school, and hated the idea of being defined by his Jewish identity. Identity and homogeneity were what he would later seek to deconstruct. Yet the experience also gave him a deep suspicion of solidarity.
In an interview, Peeters said, “In 1942, anti-Semitic measures taken by the Vichy regime had him excluded from school for a year. Like other Jews of Algeria, he was stripped of French nationality. These experiences marked him forever. But this time, he also kept away from the Jewish school founded by teachers excluded from formal education. These themes run throughout his life and his work.”
In 1962, Derrida's parents left their home and his birthplace of El Biar in the “hill suburbs of Algiers.” But Peeters manages to capture content that may have seemed elusive to researchers and searchers for autobiographical sentiment. “I was part of an extraordinary transformation of French Judaism in Algeria: My great-grandparents were still very close to the Arabs in language and customs,” Derrida once recalled during a later-in-life interview quoted by Peeters.
Peeters, a one-time teacher of Bernard Henri-Lévy, was attracted to the project in part by the idea of exploring the literary biographical materials that the philosopher himself refused to trust. “I first wanted to capitalize on the huge archive left by Jacques Derrida, and I was the first to explore it,” Peters said. “I found notes, manuscripts, diaries, especially the thousands of letters of great literary quality. But it would have been absurd to rely only on written materials, while most of the relatives are still living.” He then proceeded to offer a glimpse at his craft: “Essential meetings were often long and sometimes repeated, with numerous witnesses, all ages. I had the chance to talk with the brother, sister, and cousin closest to Derrida, with his wife Margaret, his sons Peter and John, as well as many friends.” Reviewing in the Guardian, Elisabeth Roudinesco wrote of Peeters, “He is the first to have gained access to the writer's records at France's Institute of Contemporary Publishing Archives and the Langson Library at the University of California, Irvine. He also interviewed around 100 essential figures.”
The book explores everything from its subject early to later intellectual pursuits, beginning with his childhood initiation in Algeria into the world of cheap French novels and translations of Nietzsche. From this point, the young Derrida falls in love with Sartre, of whom he writes, “I recognize my debt, the filiation, the huge influence, the huge presence of Sartre in my formative years.” He writes, “I have never striven to evade it,” however he found Being and Nothingness to be “philosophically weak,” outshined as it were, by his early readings of Hegel, Husserl, and Heidegger. He would travel to Harvard University, leaving Paris in 1956, to study Husserl's microfilms and acquired special audit status.
In this period, Derrida ambiguously asked his lifelong lover Marguerite and her family for their blessings in a decidedly quirky if not unorthodox application to matrimony. At Harvard he purchased an Olivetti 32 typewriter and, for the first time in his life, learned to use the mechanical instrument. His main reason for coming to America, however, according to Peeters, was to avoid military service. Derrida returned to Algeria in 1957, after marrying Marguerite and honeymooning in Paris, to join the military and please his bride's family, with whom he had held rickety correspondence in the formative stages of arranging the marriage. Derrida asked to teach the children of soldiers in lieu of military service during the Algerian War for Independence from the French from 1957 to 1959. Most of the research for this section of the biography is based on formerly recorded memoirs, which Peeters has sifted through with care.
In 1960, Derrida was appointed an official lecturer at the Sorbonne in Paris. Peeters writes: “As there was no syllabus in general philosophy, Derrida was at liberty to choose his subjects. He gave entire lecture courses on Heidegger's Kant and the Problem of Metaphysics and ‘What Is Metaphysics.' ” Peeters stresses that Derrida's ethics for public politicizing and propagandizing were built and developed in consequence of the geopolitical upshot of the Algerian War. Peeters makes a citation of a book that greatly influenced Derrida's opinion of Algerian geopolitics. The book was The French of Algeria published by Julliard, written by one of Derrida's fellow pupils at Louis-le-Grand, his wartime station: “Isn't it difficult to lay the blame for all of France's policies in Algeria over the past 130 years on something like the French Algerians (in spite of their massive and unremitting guilt, which should neither be overlooked nor diluted on the pretext of sharing it round)?” The citation continues, “If, as you say, the French Algerians have indeed been the ‘makers' of their own history and misfortune, this is true only if, at the same, one points out that all governments and the whole army (in other words the whole French people in whose name they act) have always been the masters.”
Derrida supported the writings of Albert Camus—a French Algerian elder contemporary and a thoughtful absurdist—while gracefully disagreeing with his philosophy. Peeters explains, “Over and above the wounds on the family and personal level, the Algerian War also constituted one of the stimuli for all Derrida's political thinking.” Perhaps it is his political thinking that this biographer is able to crystallize and explain more efficiently than others and perhaps via Derrida's own memoirs and interviews: “In France,” writes Peeters, “for years, he would avoid speaking in public about a subject that remained too controversial. But in an interview he gave in Japan in 1987, he acknowledged that, while he had approved of the Algerians' struggle for independence, he had long hoped for ‘a solution that would allow the French Algerians to continue to live in that country,' ‘an original political solution that was not the one that actually came about.' ” In his final TV broadcast in 2004, Derrida refers to the Israel and Palestine conflict, seeing it as “a different problematic than that of two sovereign states” and using his purview of the Algerian Republic and war as a random geopolitical corset to assess the situation. Benoît Peeters' inclusion of these opinions makes his biography unique in shaping Jacques Derrida's legacy in a way that a new generation would benefit from knowing.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Scott Krane is a New York-based writer.
I've been the Controller of BBC One now for ten months and have begun to put new plans in place to make the channel as vibrant and creative as it can possibly be.
One of the big things for me is to try and make sure that BBC One offers something for everyone and does a good job of reflecting the nation back to itself. BBC One is the Nation's Favourite Channel, and I think it's important that all licence-fee payers find plenty on BBC One that informs, educates and entertains.
With this in mind, I hope that the programmes you see on this preview video are enticing - and encompass the quality, scale, thoughtfulness and entertainment values that I want BBC One to deliver.
The programmes previewed include brand-new drama Call The Midwife starring Miranda Hart and Jessica Raine, the epic new natural history series Frozen Planet, and new comedy starring Sir David Jason, The Royal Bodyguard. It is thrilling to have Sir David returning to the BBC for his first comedy since Only Fools and Horses, and this video gives you the very first exclusive snippet of a show that is currently still in production.
I'd also like to take this opportunity to announce a raft of exciting new commissions for BBC One.
In Drama, we've just given the green-light to The Village - a bold new series from Peter Moffatt. It's the story of one man's journey through the 20th Century, beginning with his humble childhood on a downtrodden farm. The Village is one of those scripts you read and can't wait to see realised on-screen from the moment you turn the final page. It has the richness and emotional depth of the very finest television writing.
Also on its way for BBC One viewer is Fight For Life, a major new natural history series which will use the latest live technology and filming techniques to tell the story of young animals right across the world. This is a very ambitious new live event for BBC One that we hope will bring viewers closer to the daily experience of wild animals than they have ever been before.
In entertainment, we're delighted to be able to announce a new series starring one of Scotland's brightest young talents, Kevin Bridges. BBC One should simultaneously be the home of Britain's national treasures in comedy and also a place where new talent can flourish. We are therefore thrilled to be working with Kevin, who combines brilliant jokes with an acute vision of human nature.
Finally, I'd like to announce two new projects that introduce a new level of risk and experimentation to BBC One. BBC One should be known for boldness, quality and mainstream impact, but I'd also like it to be known for a commitment to risk and innovation that is unusual on a mainstream channel.
To this end, we've commissioned a six-part improvised drama series from Dominic Savage for BBC One - Love Life - that will test the boundaries of fiction on the Channel. We are also announcing a run of new transmittable comedy pilots in order to supercharge the comedy development process for BBC One. Our aim here is to use a run of transmittable pilots as a way of reaching out to joyous new things, in the way we managed with Being Human on BBC Three.
So, from the African savannah to a small English village, from major live events to one of Britain's hottest young comic talents, these commissions show the range and ambition we have for BBC One, and our aim to combine world-class quality with risk and innovation.
Thanks again for taking the time to read this and watch the video - and I hope you find plenty to enjoy on BBC One in the coming months and years.
Danny Cohen is Controller of BBC One
Getty Images
Jordan Matthews and Mark Sanchez have formed a productive combination.
The Philadelphia Eagles were No. 5 in the weekly ESPN.com NFL Power Rankings before Nick Foles' injury. Since then, the Eagles have improved to No. 4 in the rankings with Mark Sanchez as quarterback.
The Eagles are 3-1 and averaging six more points per game in Sanchez's starts this season, but are they really better with him at quarterback? The numbers say yes, but with games against the Seahawks and Cowboys the next two weeks, those numbers will be put to the test.
Offense moving better
Under Sanchez, the Eagles' offense has been better at finishing drives and limiting turnovers. Granted, the Eagles still lead the NFL in turnovers this season (28); they were averaging more than 2.6 per game in Foles' starts this season. In Sanchez's starts, that rate has dipped below 2.0 (1.8).
Fewer turnovers mean more opportunities to score, and Sanchez has been able to convert. The Eagles are scoring on nearly half of their drives with Sanchez after scoring on one-third of their drives with Foles.
Eagles' Drives by QB – This Season
Not only is the Eagles' offense scoring more frequently under Sanchez, but they're scoring more touchdowns as well, especially in the red zone.
The Eagles scored a touchdown on 35 percent of their red zone drives under Foles, which would be the lowest in the NFL this season (49ers currently are lowest: 39 percent). Under Sanchez, the Eagles are closer to the league average (55 percent), scoring a touchdown on 52 percent of their red zone drives.
But why is Sanchez doing better?
Sanchez may be working the Chip Kelly offense more to design than Foles had been this season. Sanchez is getting rid of the ball quicker, throwing shorter and getting more yards after the catch than Foles was.
Sanchez's passes have been thrown an average of 2.45 seconds after the snap this season, quicker than Foles' 2.73-second average. The difference might seem minimal, but of the 39 quarterbacks with 100 passes this season, Sanchez's time from snap to release ranks as the 11th-quickest. Foles' ranks 33rd.
Eagles' QB Comparison - This Season
One of Foles' biggest faults this season was his deep passing. Foles threw the ball at least 30 yards past the line of scrimmage 22 times this season. He hasn't played since Week 9, and that's still within three of the league lead. Foles completed four of those passes (18.2 percent), and although three of those were touchdowns, he also had four interceptions deep.
Sanchez has done a better job of picking his spots, going 3-of-6 on passes thrown at least 30 yards downfield with no interceptions. And by picking his spots better and getting the ball out quicker, Sanchez has been more effective passing to the Eagles' biggest play-making receivers.
Targeting Jeremy Maclin,
Jordan Matthews This Season
Sanchez has completed 74.0 percent of his passes to Jeremy Maclin and Jordan Matthews this season after Foles completed 55.9 percent of his passes to the duo. Sanchez has especially taken a liking to Matthews, who has caught five of his eight pass touchdowns this season. Matthews had two touchdowns with Foles at quarterback.
Dale Steyn executed his well-laid plans accurately though he had two catches dropped off his bowling © Associated Press
The wickets that weren't
Rilee Rossouw nagged at New Zealand's patience as he offered them chances that they just could not take. The first came when he had laboured his way to 9 off 23 balls and it could have all been in vain. He was struggling to read the pace of the pitch when he got an inside-edge onto his thigh pad and the ball carried through behind the stumps. Luke Ronchi had to take a few steps forward but even so, the ball bounced just before him to give Rossouw a lifeline and frustrate New Zealand's attack. Rossouw offered another chance when he was on 34 and slog-swept to deep square leg, where Adam Milne had to make ground and apply some judgment. He did the first and some of the second but spilled the ball as it dipped on him.
On the mic
Faf du Plessis was ruled out of the ODI series with a knee injury but that did not stop him from a guest appearance in the commentary box, where he found himself alongside his former captain Graeme Smith. The banter turned to dress code with Smith accusing du Plessis of not giving his shirt sponsors enough mileage. "I've never known anyone who walks around the dressing room without a shirt on as much as Faf," Smith joked. Du Plessis had a ready retort: "When I first met you, you always had some dodgy hairstyle. And now look at the finished article - short and back and sides, cleaned up." Thank goodness they both have day jobs.
Wringing the hands
On an outfield that Russell Domingo said looked like "anyone could break a leg," fielders on both sides could be forgiven for not putting their bodies on the line when the ball went aerial. New Zealand saw a few chances drop into vacant spaces and when David Miller sent a second shot aerial in the 48th over, Martin Guptill went for the catch. He ran in from deep midwicket to chase a top-edge and put in a dive but the ball still fell short of him. As he fell forward, Guptill remembered the wrist injury he was carrying and tried to protect his left hand but only hurt it further. He had to leave the field and could not open the batting but returned later in the chase.
Following the plans
The whole world knew Dale Steyn's bowling plans after they were leaked on the morning of the game and so the whole world wanted to see if they would be executed accurately. From ball one, Steyn showed he had read the document which instructed him to angle the ball in to Tom Latham who could get caught at point or square. The first delivery shaped in, Latham flicked to square leg and Farhaan Behardien failed to take the catch low down. Three balls later, Steyn was bowling to Ronchi, who had to replace the injured Guptill at the top, and was supposed to concentrate on fourth stump. He bowled outside off, Ronchi chased it and offered David Wiese a catch at second slip, which was put down. Just as Steyn may have begun to think he was the only one following the plans, with another delivery outside off to Ronchi, Hashim Amla gave him his reward with a catch at first slip to dismiss Ronchi.
The other wickets that weren't
New Zealand were unlucky in the field but South Africa struggled more and put down several chances. Apart from the ones in the first over, Guptill was dropped at slip and then Jimmy Neesham on the fine leg boundary, in what was the best example of how challenging catching was. Neesham got a thick edge of a pull shot which was skied Kagiso Rabada's way but he had to contend with a swirling ball and searing lights. Rabada positioned himself where he thought he was under the ball but then changed direction and over-ran it as the ball bounced to his right. If Steyn was disappointed, he did not let Rabada know and he didn't have to - the youngster was irritated enough with himself.
Firdose Moonda is ESPNcricinfo's South Africa correspondent
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Sam Dastyari steps down from Labor frontbench after accepting money from Chinese donors
Updated
Labor senator Sam Dastyari has resigned from Labor's frontbench after mounting criticism on the payments he received from a Chinese-linked company.
On Tuesday he apologised for allowing the company to pay off a $1,600 travel debt he owed to the Commonwealth.
Senator Dastyari was the manager of opposition business in the Senate and spokesman for consumer affairs.
He will now sit on the backbench of the Upper House.
Senator Dastyari said accepting the donation was "within the rules but it was wrong".
"I made a mistake and I am paying the price for that mistake," he said.
"I fell short of the duty I owe to the people I am so proud to represent.
"I accept that and I'm here to make it clear I accept the consequences."
'I refuse to be the reason they escape proper scrutiny'
On Tuesday, Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said Senator Dastyari made a mistake but deserved a second chance because he could "make a contribution to this country".
At the time, Senator Dastyari said he had not offered nor had he been asked for a resignation.
But on Wednesday, he said he did not want the controversy surrounding the donations to distract from Labor's attacks on the Coalition's policy.
"The last thing a Government as bad and divided as this one deserves is a free pass," he said.
"I refuse to be the reason they escape proper scrutiny."
The resignation follows mounting attacks from Government MPs calling on Senator Dastyari to resign.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull had asked whether Senator Dastyari's reported divergence from Labor's policy on the South China Sea was because of the donation from the Chinese-linked company.
Government documents revealed the Top Education Institute, a Sydney-based company with links to China, reimbursed the Commonwealth after Senator Dastyari blew his parliamentary travel budget.
He said no donors had asked for anything in exchange for the funds.
"No-one has ever asked for anything in return, nor would I have done anything in return," he said.
But despite repeated questioning, Senator Dastyari has not explained why he decided to ask Top Education to cover his bill.
Bill Shorten says Dastyari still has a bright future
Mr Shorten has confirmed he accepted the New South Wales powerbroker's resignation.
"It's the measure of the man that he can stand up, admit he got it wrong and accept the consequences," Mr Shorten said in a statement.
"Sam is a young bloke with a bright future ahead of him. He has a lot more to offer Labor and Australia."
It is a similar description he gave of Mr Dastyari on Tuesday when he was justifying keeping him on the frontbench.
Treasurer Scott Morrison has told ABC's 7:30 Mr Shorten should have acted sooner.
"Who've would've thought that Sam Dastyari had higher standards than Bill Shorten," he said.
"I mean, it's Sam Dastyari who's taken the decision today, it was Bill Shorten who was continuing to defend him."
South Australian senator Nick Xenophon said Senator Dastyari had done the right thing by resigning.
"He needs to probably spend a bit of time in the so-called political wilderness before he bounces back," he told the ABC.
"He's got lots of energy, lots of good ideas but he stuffed up and he's got to pay a price."
Senator Dastyari said he would remain in Federal Parliament.
Topics: federal-government, federal-parliament, alp, australia
First posted
[Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch, speaking at the Münich Security Conference in 2012.]
[The analysis and data in this article refer to the period prior to the Israeli ground invasion.]
On 7 July 2014, Israel unleashed Operation Protective Edge against Gaza. When it launched a ground invasion on 18 July 2014, Israel had already killed 230 Gazan Palestinians, of whom 75 percent (171) were civilians and 20 percent (48) children, wounded more than 1,700, and destroyed or rendered uninhabitable hundreds of homes leaving more than 10,000 Gazans without shelter. On the other side, according to daily updates Palestinian projectiles had killed one Israeli civilian, wounded 18, and damaged three Israeli homes. It's hard to conceive of a more disproportionate balance sheet in an alleged “war.”
Nonetheless, Human Rights Watch (HRW), in its legal reckoning, didn't so much even out as reverse the balance sheet. It never explicitly accused Israel of committing war crimes, whereas its first press release already accused Hamas of committing war crimes. If in fact HRW accurately interpreted the laws of war, the only rational conclusion would be that these laws are morally bankrupt and deserving of contempt: they would not be distilling but instead grossly distorting the moral realities of war, as they exonerate the major perpetrators of war crimes. But did HRW accurately interpret the laws of war, or did this influential human rights organization give Israel a green light to commit war crimes on a yet more massive scale during the ground invasion? Let's look at the record.
Israel
In its first press release on 9 July 2014, “Indiscriminate Palestinian Rocket Attacks; Israeli Airstrikes on Homes Appear to be Collective Punishment,” HRW stated that “Israeli attacks targeting homes may amount to prohibited collective punishment.” In its second press release on 16 July, “Unlawful Israeli Airstrikes Kill Civilians; Bombings of Civilian Structures Suggest Illegal Policy,” HRW stated that “Israeli air attacks in Gaza…have been targeting apparent civilian structures and killing civilians in violation of the laws of war. Israel should end unlawful attacks that do not target military objectives and may be intended as collective punishment or broadly to destroy civilian property.” It then proceeded to legally define the meaning of war crimes, but artfully avoided accusing Israel of committing them.
In these statements HRW doubly distanced itself from alleging Israeli war crimes: first, it qualified the weight of the incriminating evidence—“appear,” “may,” “apparent,” “may be”; second, it recoiled from explicitly charging Israel with war crimes and instead settled for lesser or vaguer charges—“collective punishment,” “violation of the laws of war,” “unlawful attacks.” The cautiousness perplexes in light of the evidence assembled by HRW itself.
In conformity with tenets of international law, HRW stated that “indiscriminate or targeted,” “deliberate or reckless,” attacks directed at civilians or civilian structures constituted “war crimes.” If Israel had a declared policy of targeting civilian homes and 75 percent of casualties were civilians, Israel prima facie committed war crimes. Why didn't HRW reach this conclusion?
Although acknowledging that Israel targeted homes of Hamas militants “that do not serve an immediate military purpose,” HRW denounced these targeted attacks on civilian structures as mere “collective punishment.” Contrastingly, in an 11 July press release, “UN Must Impose Arms Embargo and Mandate an International Investigation as Civilian Death Toll Rises,” Amnesty International forthrightly and unequivocally stated that Israel's targeting of Hamas militants' homes not making an “effective contribution to military action…constitutes a war crime and also amounts to collective punishment against the families.”
HRW investigated four Israeli strikes in Gaza that resulted in civilian casualties. It consistently found “no evidence,” and “the Israeli military has presented no evidence,” that Israel was “attacking lawful military objectives or acted to minimize civilian casualties.” HRW also observed that “Israel has wrongly claimed as amatter of policy that civilian members of Hamas or other political groups who do not have a military role are ‘terrorists' and therefore valid military targets” (emphasis added). “Israel's rhetoric is all about precision attacks,” HRW's Middle East director stated in the second press release, “but attacks with no military target and many civilian deaths can hardly be considered precise.” If, however, Israel's “precision attacks” killed civilians in the absence of any military objective, didn't these precisely constitute war crimes?
“Israel launched 1,800 air raids in one of the most densely populated areas of Gaza,” Raji Sourani, the respected human rights lawyer and founder of the Palestinian Center for Human Rights, observed. “It's a shame that Israel and the international community allow this to happen. These are war crimes, just as simple as that.” It really is that simple, and it's worse than a shame that HRW, by its muted legal findings, enables this to happen.
Palestinian armed groups
“Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel appear to be indiscriminate or targeted at civilian population centers,” Human Rights Watch's first press release stated, “which are war crimes.” On this point, Amnesty concurred. But are projectile attacks by Hamas (used here as short-hand for all Palestinian armed groups) war crimes or even illegal? In fact, the law is more ambiguous than often allowed.
International law prohibits an occupying power from using force to suppress a struggle for self-determination, whereas it does not prohibit a people struggling for self-determination from using force.[1] The International Court of Justice (ICJ) stated in its 2004 advisory opinion that the Palestinian people's “rights include the right to self-determination,” and that “Israel is bound to comply with its obligation to respect the right of the Palestinian people to self-determination.” Israel consequently has no legal right to use force to suppress the Palestinian self-determination struggle. Israel also cannot contend that, because this self-determination struggle unfolds within the framework of an occupation, it has the legal right, as the occupying power, to enforce the occupation so long as it endures.[2] In 1971, the ICJ ruled that South Africa's occupation of Namibia had become illegal because it refused to carry out good-faith negotiations to end the occupation. It is beyond dispute that Israel has failed to carry out good-faith negotiations to end the occupation of Palestinian territory. On the Namibia precedent, the Israeli occupation is also illegal. The only “right” Israel can claim is—in the words of the United States at the time of the Namibia debate—“to withdraw its administration…immediately and thus put an end to its occupation.”[3]
Although claiming for itself the right of self-defense against Hamas projectiles, in fact Israel is claiming the right to maintain the occupation. If Israel ceased using force to suppress the Palestinian struggle for self-determination, the occupation would end, and the projectile attacks would cease. (If they didn't stop, the legal situation would, of course, be different.) If it ended the occupation, Israel wouldn't need to use force. The refrain that Israel has the right to self-defense is a red herring: the real question is, Does Israel have the right to use force to maintain an illegal occupation? The answer is no.
It might be said that, even if Israel cannot use force to suppress the Palestinian struggle for self-determination, Hamas's use of indiscriminate projectiles and its targeting of Israeli civilians still constitute war crimes. Here, it is useful to first recall another instance of HRW's egregious double standard. In 2008, HRW issued a report entitled Flooding South Lebanon: Israel's use of cluster munitions in Lebanon in July and August 2006. The report found that Israel dropped as many as 4.6 million cluster munitions on south Lebanon during the 2006 war. It was, in HRW's words, “the most extensive use of cluster munitions anywhere in the world since the 1991 Gulf war,” while relative to the size of the targeted area the density of the attack was historically unprecedented. Some 90 percent of these cluster munitions were dropped during the final three days “when Israel knew a settlement was imminent” (HRW), the UN ceasefire resolution having already been passed but not yet gone into effect. But, although finding that Israel committed “extensive violations” of the laws of war, HRW did not go beyond stating that Israel's massive resort to cluster munitions was “in some locations possibly a war crime.” Yet, the evidence HRW itself assembled showed that cluster munitions are indiscriminate weapons; the cluster munitions carriers used by Israel were, on HRW's own terms, indiscriminate; and the cluster munitions were fired indiscriminately and deliberately targeted civilian population centers.
It is not altogether clear what constitutes an indiscriminate weapon. The apparent standard is a relative one set by the available technology: If an existing weapon has a high probability of hitting its target, then any weapons with a significantly lower probability are classified as indiscriminate. But, by this standard, only rich countries, or countries rich enough to purchase high-tech weapons, have a right to defend themselves against high-tech aerial assaults. It is a curious law that would negate the raison d'être of law: the substitution of might by right.
Human Rights Watch has argued that, even if its civilians are being relentlessly targeted, a people do not have a legal right to carry out “belligerent reprisals”—that is, to deliberately target the civilians of the opposing state until it desists. “Regardless of who started this latest round, attacks targeting civilians violate basic humanitarian norms,” HRW's Deputy Middle East and North Africa director stated in the first press release. “All attacks, including reprisal attacks, that target or indiscriminately harm civilians are prohibited under the laws of war, period.” Not so. International law does not—at any rate, not yet—prohibit belligerent reprisals.[4]The United States and Britain, among others, have staunchly defended the right of a state to use nuclearweapons by way of belligerent reprisal.[5] By this standard, the people of Gaza surely have the right to use makeshift projectiles to end an illegal, merciless seven-year-long Israeli blockade or to end Israel's criminal bombardment of Gaza's civilian population. Indeed, in its landmark 1996 advisory opinion on the legality of nuclear weapons, the ICJ ruled that international law is not settled on the right of a state to use nuclear weapons when its “survival” is at stake. But, if a state might have the right to use nuclear weapons when its survival is at stake, then surely a people struggling for self-determination has the right to use makeshift projectiles when it has been subjected to slow death by a protracted blockade and recurrent massacres by a state determined to maintain its occupation.
One might legitimately question the political prudence of Hamas's strategy. But the law is not unambiguously against it, while the scales of morality weigh in its favor. Israel has imposed a brutal blockade on Gaza. Fully 95 percent of the water in Gaza is unfit for human consumption. By all accounts, the Palestinian people now stand behind those engaging in belligerent reprisals against Israel. In the Gaza Strip, they prefer to die resisting than to continue living under an inhuman blockade. Their resistance is mostly notional, as makeshift projectiles cause little damage. So, the ultimate question is, Do Palestinians have the right to symbolically resist slow death punctuated by periodic massacres, or must they lie down and die?
This story has been known in its outlines for many years. But with this weekend's Times revelation it takes on a new relevance. In short, it is the story of how Donald Trump ran his Atlantic City-based casino empire into the ground but managed to survive and rebound by finding other people to assume his debts. It's a highly revealing story about Trump the man and businessman because it's hard to believe the totality of what happened didn't involve committing some serious crimes. But it's also the critical backstory to that loss of almost $1 billion which appears to have allowed Trump to avoid paying income taxes almost ever since.
The Post has a good run-down of the details of what happened. Here's an overview. Trump ran into severe financial difficulties with his casinos in the early 90s, running up a massive amount of debt even as others were making a killing in the casino business. He avoided personal ruin in part by getting the banks who backed him to forgive a lot of the debt. But he also tricked members of the public into taking over his failed businesses.
Again, the Post has the details. But the gist is that Trump set up his first major public company Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts. It was listed on the NYSE and members of the public, including quite a few individual investors, bought the stock. It was an IPO of a mature, indeed already failing company. But Trump used the allure of the Trump name to entice people in.
Over the next several years the businesses swirled down the drain and Trump was able to sell his other distressed casinos to the public company. In other words, he was both the buyer and the seller. So he sold the deeply indebted and already failing Trump Taj Mahal and Trump Castle to the company at a price of his choosing. While he was doing this he continued to pay himself tens of millions of dollars a year as the company's CEO in addition to using the company to help out his other businesses. By all these machinations he managed to have the company's major expenditures be paying off or at least servicing the debts he had racked up before the public company came into existence. At the end of the day basically everyone who invested in Trump company lost everything.
The company launched in 1995, the same year Trump claimed almost a $1 billion in losses on his tax return. Clearly these two things were related. Indeed, the Casino business was the essence of Trump's business empire at that point. We just don't know precisely how it all fits together because unlike the public company which had to make all the filings every public does, Trump's personal finances are private and remain that way because he's refused to release his tax returns.
As I noted yesterday, given the massive scale of the losses in a single (though pivotal) year and Trump's penchant for aggressive financial dealings (to put it generously), my question is whether those losses were ‘real' losses he sustained as opposed to paper losses he did not. To put it more concretely, these loss carry forwards are supposed real losses – as in you invested a billion dollars of your own capital and lost it. There are other ways to legitimately generate losses – through depreciation and other ways. But the IRS and all major taxing authorities have ways of preventing you for benefitting from losses you didn't actually sustain. The options run the gamut from completely legitimate to obviously illegal. If it's true, as Trump claims, that he's been continually under audit, it seems likely that anything obviously illegal would have been caught. It's also possible that the on-going audits have been disputes over the losses and tax benefits Trump was claiming. We don't know.
At the risk of stating the obvious, we need to see Trump's tax returns. Indeed, it is no exaggeration to say that we've been more in need of seeing Trump's tax returns than any president in American history.
It's the greatest tradition in NASCAR history: kissing the bricks. However, it hasn't always been that way.
In order to appreciate the tradition of kissing the bricks you have to go back to 1992. It was then that the National Association of Stock Car Auto Racing, announced that they would add a new track on the schedule for the 1994 season. A new track for NASCAR, yes, but not a new track to the fans. For the first time ever, stock cars would circle around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
It was a great day, the first NASCAR race at Indianapolis, but there was something missing. Jeff Gordon went to victory lane in 1994, but there was no drinking of the milk or special celebration. It was just a normal NASCAR win. Dale Earnhardt won the race in 1995, and it had the same feel.
In 1996, however, that all changed. That's when Hickory, NC resident Dale Jarrett won the Brickyard 400, and his crew chief, Todd Parrott, had an idea. As crazy as it sounded, Todd Parrott wanted to kiss the yard of bricks that remained from the original Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
For those of you who didn't know, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway opened in 1909 and was original constructed out of bricks. The whole 2.5 track consisted 3.5 million bricks. Motorcycles were the first thing to race then in 1910. Then The American Automobile Association (AAA), ran a series of 16 car races. It was a disaster. The racetracks surfaced was blamed for five deaths to the drivers.
In 1961 track president Tony George paved the track. George, however, wanted to keep the history of the track, so he left one yard of bricks, giving the historic track the nickname of "The Brickyard."
Parrott's idea seemed crazy to everyone at the racetrack except for Jarrett. This win was especially special for Jarrett. His dad was one of NASCAR's greatest drivers ever, but Ned never had the opportunity to run at Indianapolis. Dale had added the Jarrett name to the list of historic winners at the track, making the win overly special.
After the victory lane celebration, Jarrett and Parrott started walking out toward the front stretch. It confused track employees and NASCAR. When asked what he was doing Todd said, "We just wanna kiss the bricks." Jarrett and Parrott and the rest of the Robert Yates Racing team turned their hats backwards and kissed the bricks.
Then in 1997, Ricky Rudd turned his hat backwards and kissed the bricks and in 1998 Jeff Gordon did it as well. It was truly becoming a tradition.
Kissing the bricks has even caught on with some Indy car drivers. In 2006 Sam Hornish Jr, won the Indianapolis 500, and after drinking the milk, he turned his hat backwards and "kissed the bricks."
But I think what it means to the fans is the most important. As a fan of Bill Elliott, I have experienced my driver "kissing the bricks."
Back in 2002, Bill Elliott dominated the Brickyard 400. I was an Elliott fan forever and never did I see a bigger grin on the face of Bill, then when he climbed out of the car in victory lane at the Brickyard.
Then when he went down to kiss the bricks and an even bigger smile came over the face of NASCAR's most popular driver. Watching that, the Brickyard 400 became more than a race. It became a legendary NASCAR event, in my eyes.
"They didn't taste too good, but I didn't care at that point." Recalls Jarrett, referring to the bricks. Bending down kissing the bricks, thanking the track for the win and thanking the founders of Indianapolis Motor Speedway for such a great facility.
It can all be traced back to 1996 when a crew chief and driver decided to do something out of the ordinary, and creating a new tradition to Indianapolis Motor Speedway, that will remain forever.
As every Hearthstone player knows, it seems that every game against a Hunter starts with a turn 1 Undertaker. But really how likely is this to happen? It's time to do some science.
If you don't feel like reading, here is the short version: at most 41.25% going first, and 50.98% going second.
Probability with only one Undertaker in the deck and no mulligan
Let's start simple, and assume that we are going first (i.e., we draw 3 cards) and have only 1 copy of Undertaker. Of course, no one plays only one copy of Undertaker but just bear with me. Using binomial coefficients, we know that there are C(30, 3) ways to draw 3 cards out of 30, which is 4060. Out of these possible 4060 starting hands, how many have the only Undertaker? The answer is C(29, 2) = 406 (i.e., Undertaker plus all the 2 card combinations of the remaining 29 cards), so the probability with one Undertaker is 406 / 4060 = 10%.
Probability with 2 Undertakers in the deck and no mulligan
Now, our beloved Hunters more likely have 2 copies of Undertaker. This complicates the analysis a bit, and it's actually simpler to look at it this way:
P(having at least one Undertaker in the initial draw) = 1 – P(not having any Undertaker in the initial draw)
There are C(28, 3) ways to not draw Undertaker at all (all the 3 card combinations in the remaining 28 cards of the deck), so the probability with 2 undertakers is 1 – 3276 / 4060 = 19.31%.
Probability with 2 Undertakers and a hard mulligan
If we assume that we toss everything that is not an Undertaker in the opening hand, we get to draw 3 cards again. So the probability to have at least one Undertaker after mulligan is 1 – P(no Undertaker before mulligan) * P(no Undertaker after mulligan). We already know the probability to get no Undertaker in 3 cards from above (that is: 1 – 19.31% = 80.69%). For the probability after mulligan, we apply the same logic but in the remaining 27 cards, so the probability after mulligan is 1 – 0.8069 * C(25, 3) / C(27, 3) = 36.55%.
Probability with 2 Undertakers, mulligan and the turn 1 draw
Now, what matters is to play an Undertaker by turn 1, which means there is an additional card draw to take into account. The probability to have at least one is P(not having any after mulligan) + P(not having any after mulligan) * P(drawing one on turn 1) = 36.55% + (1 – 36.55%) * 2 / 27 = 41.25%
Probability with 2 Undertakers, mulligan and the turn 1 draw, going second
When going second, the initial card draw is 4, so we just need to apply the same logic as in the steps above. In the end, we find that the probability Undertaker will show up on turn 1 for the second player is 50.98%.
Final Thoughts
Of course, there is nothing special about the Undertaker, this gives you an estimate of how likely you are to mulligan what you want. I have double-checked my numbers by randomly sampling 1 million openings, the code is available in this gist.
EDIT: I updated the numbers to reflect that after the mulligan phase, you can't draw the cards that have been tossed (as pointed out by masharpe)
Advertisements
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - North Carolina's incoming governor says that legislators are planning to hold a special session to repeal a law limiting protections for LGBT people.
Gov.-elect Roy Cooper issued a statement Monday. Cooper says legislators plan to hold the session on the law known as HB2 on Tuesday because Charlotte repealed a local nondiscrimination ordinance that Republicans blamed for the statewide law.
The Charlotte City Council met Monday to repeal the ordinance enacted in early 2016.
However, the Council's move is contingent on North Carolina legislators fully repealing HB2 by December 31.
The statewide law known as HB2 requires people to use restrooms in many public buildings corresponding to the sex on their birth certificates and excludes sexual orientation and gender identity from statewide antidiscrimination protections.
Mehen is a board game which was played in ancient Egypt. The game was named in reference to Mehen, a snake deity in ancient Egyptian religion.
History [ edit ]
Evidence of the game of Mehen is found from the Predynastic period dating from approximately 3000 BCE and continues until the end of the Old Kingdom, around 2300 BCE.[1] Aside from physical boards, which mostly date to the Predynastic and Archaic periods, a mehen board also appears in a picture in the tomb of Hesy-Ra, and its name first appears in the tomb of Rahotep. Other scenes dating to the Fifth Dynasty of Egypt and Sixth Dynasty of Egypt show people playing the game. No scenes or boards date to the Middle Kingdom of Egypt or New Kingdom of Egypt, and so it appears that the game was no longer played in Egypt after the Old Kingdom. It is, however, depicted in tombs of about 700 BCE, because the tomb decorations are copied from Old Kingdom originals.
Mehen also appears to have been played outside of Egypt. It appears alongside other boards displaying the game of senet at Bab 'edu Dhra[2] and in Cyprus.[3] In Cyprus, it sometimes appears on the opposite side of the same stone as senet, and those from Sotira Kaminoudhia, dating to approximately 2250 BCE, are the oldest surviving double-sided boards known.[4] Mehen survived in Cyprus longer than in Egypt, showing that the game was indigenized upon its adoption into the island's culture.
The rules and gameplay of Mehen are entirely unknown.
Equipment [ edit ]
One example of Mehen
In Egypt, the gameboard depicts a coiled snake whose body is divided into rectangular spaces. Several boards have been found with different numbers of segments, without distinguishing marks or ornamentation. In Cyprus and the Levant, the games take the form of a spiral of depressions, sometimes with the central or outer depressions differentiated by their larger size. These also display a variable number of depressions. The variability suggests that the number of segments was of little importance to the game. Objects associated with the board may or may not be playing pieces. From archaeological evidence, the game seemed to have been played with lion- or lioness-shaped pieces, in sets of three or as many as six, and a few small spheres (marbles or balls).
See also [ edit ]
Senet
Hyena chase, North African race game using near identical equipment
References [ edit ]
^ Crist, Walter; et al. (2016). Ancient Egyptians at Play: Board Games Across Borders. London: Bloomsbury. pp. 15–38. ISBN 978-1-4742-2117-7. ^ Rast, W & R.T Schaub (2003). Bab edh Dhra, Excavations at the Town Site (1975-1981). Winona Lake: Eisenbrauns. p. 637. ^ Swiny, Stuart (1986). The Kent State Expedition to Episkopi Phaneromeni. Nicosia: Paul Astroms Forlag. ^ Crist, Walter; et al. (2016). "Facilitating Interaction: Board Games as Social Lubricants in the Ancient Near East". Oxford Journal of Archaeology. 35 (2): 179–196. doi:10.1111/ojoa.12084.
Piccione, Peter A. (1991). Mehen, Mysteries and Resurrection . pp. 43–52.
. pp. 43–52. Rothöhler, Benedikt (1997). Ägyptische Brettspiele außer Senet , unveröffentlichte MA-Thesis. Philosophische Fakultät I der Bayerischen Julius-Maximilians-Universität, Würzburg. pp. 10–23. pdf file
, unveröffentlichte MA-Thesis. Philosophische Fakultät I der Bayerischen Julius-Maximilians-Universität, Würzburg. pp. 10–23. pdf file Tyldesley, Joyce A. (2008). Egyptian Games and Sports (= Shire Egyptology , Band 29). Osprey Publishing. pp. 15–16. ISBN 0747806616.
(= , Band 29). Osprey Publishing. pp. 15–16. ISBN 0747806616. Tyldesley, Joyce A. (2010). The Penguin Book of Myths and Legends of Ancient Egypt. Penguin UK, Oxford. pp. 92–93. ISBN 014196376X.
LCD Soundsystem's James Murphy was a guest on Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show today. During his appearance, he played a selection of songs and gave a brief interview about his choices. Before playing David Bowie's “Without You” (from 1983's Let's Dance), Murphy discussed his work on Bowie's final album, Blackstar. “I played a little percussion. I was supposed to do a lot more but I got overwhelmed,” he says, recalling an interview where Tony Visconti said that Murphy was considered to co-produce the album. He goes on to discuss his aversion to taking that role in the recording process: “I would have had to be somebody else,” he says, “There's a reason I make music the way I do.” He also discusses early plans to do an album just the two of them and later conversations about doing a new remix of “Without You.” Listen to the full interview here (the conversation about Bowie begins around 18:30).
LCD Soundsystem's new album American Dream is out September 1 via Columbia/DFA. They will headline this year's Pitchfork Music Festival 2017 along with A Tribe Called Quest and Solange. The festival takes place in Chicago's Union Park from July 14–16. Get tickets here.
Revisit “Welcome Back LCD Soundsystem” on the Pitch.
Apple "fanboys" have gained a negative reputation as a hostile entity. The vitriolic fanboy mob mentality has made online discussions about Apple difficult to keep civil, and has created an environment of increasingly shocking and disturbing hostility.
In my opinion, it's damaging Apple's reputation.
This week, "king of the fanboys" John Gruber and Apple evangelist Shawn King were instrumental to an online witch hunt that eventually included threats of violence toward a female blogger.
The witch hunt was based on inaccurate information about Macworld exhibitors that the men had provided to the public.
I know because that blogger is me. And I'm not the first person to have a troubling story like this about these people.
The article Macworld 2012: The Island of Misfit Toys opened with an anecdote and photo of an exhibitor described as "The saddest booth babe in the world," conveying the woman's unsmiling demeanor.
Shawn King, an Apple pundit, commented beneath the photo that the woman was not a "booth babe" but a developer, and that she was likely the sole proprietor of NeoPlay Entertainment.
He claimed her name was Piroska Szurmai-Palotai, and along with filling in the story about her first time at Macworld, he was indignant and offended that a developer would be branded a booth babe.
King delivered the story to John Gruber, who reported the information in a chastising post directed at me entitled, "This Is Sad All Right."
Later, Gruber would follow up with a second support post that added more from King, where King instructed how I should edit my article, instructed me to apologize to Ms. Szurmai-Palotai, and more.
Zsfia Rutkai at Macworld 2012
My response was to amend my post and get to work. But I could not proceed further with anything until I verified the woman's identity and contacted her to apologize, and find out how she wanted me to proceed with amending the article.
Like everyone else, I assumed that Mr. Gruber and Mr. King were stating accurate and true facts.
The influence that John Gruber has is not to be underestimated, most especially with a certain kind of Apple fan. This type of fan is well known by anyone that writes about Apple online: the vitriolic fanboy. And they admire Gruber to what has now been shown to be some very dark extremes.
After Mr. Gruber's post went up, the bloodsport and viciousness directed at me began. It did not let up for three days.
I verified and published the true name and job title of the woman in the photo: Zsfia Rutkai.
She is not a developer (she's their PR person), and told me she was not offended by the characterization in my article.
It remains to be seen where King and Gruber got their information. Regardless, a whole lot of their devoted Mac following took it, and ran with it.
The effect of the misinformation
From within an hour onward of John Gruber's post, Ms. Szurmai-Palotai had been effectively Googlebombed - mislabeled and mischaracterized in all top search results for her name.
Piroska Szurmai-Palotai
It was clear that before his post, she had a very small internet presence. Her true search results show her to be a chess and technology enthusiast.
As I researched Ms. Szurmai-Palotai, I watched over the hours as Gruber's post and its citing by other blogs and forums (of which there are now several) began to cloud out organic results for her name - and her name on NeoPlay's apps.
Based on the incorrect information, those that took up the cause populated her name on things such as the Change.org petition that was started to force me to apologize to her, despite the fact that Ms. Szurmai-Palotai was nowhere to be found.
The misinformation gave a significant number of people fuel to stalk me, attack me for hours at a time, malign, insult me in disgusting ways, threaten me with weapon-specific violent death (an axe), and lead social media attempts to force me to lose my job over the matter.
Many referenced John Gruber, and/or his post as they did this. Plans were openly made to make media to attack me - another Angry Mac Bastards podcast.
This kind of attack appeals to the Internet's root nastiness toward women
Women are already geek outsiders in Apple culture.
In this particular instance the Apple fanboy target was female, and so the suggestion to openly dislike the target became ugly with what we all sadly know as the Internet's root nastiness toward women.
During the onslaught after Gruber's first post about me, a few neutral Apple personalities expressed to me that they were becoming uncomfortable with what they called "vicious bloodsport."
Readers came from the post to call me a whore (among many other things on Twitter) and resorted to ad hominem attacks - truly, they had nothing else.
I didn't take it personally. I knew that something was wrong with Gruber and King's claims. But I also know that this is how the Internet treats women.
These guys know what their negative influence can do. No one deserves it, and I didn't "have it coming" - no matter how justified their followers felt tying the vitriol to my work in human sexuality and women's issues.
I don't know these men. I have never met them or had direct contact with any of them. Yet this is the second time they have come after me - for writing something about Apple that displeased them.
Finding the truth
When people online - such as Shawn King, via John Gruber - began calling for me to apologize to the woman in the Macworld photo, it became clear that none of these people had actually had any contact with her.
I found Ms. Szurmai-Palotai online rather quickly, and saw that she was not the woman in the photo.
I then went to work tracing the company, other domains on its server, who they belonged to, and I mapped out the NeoPlay Entertainment staff structure. I wanted to ID the woman in the photo - and ask her what she wanted me to do.
I found documents and citations showing that Ms. Szurmai-Palotai was actually the company's Director of Communication. I found the company's male owner, Krisztian Mehes. But the girl in the Macworld photo was far more elusive. In the morning I began making phone calls to Macworld exhibitor coordinators, and more.
By the afternoon I found Zsfia Rutkai. I contacted her, explained the situation and apologized if there was any offense - for I meant none.
She then added a comment to the post for clarification, and we exchanged further emails about her company, and about being called a booth babe - to which she told me she didn't take the issue seriously and was not offended. Ms. Rutkai was a lovely grownup, made the Saddest Boothbabe Facebook page for fun, and was a PR professional.
The Apple fan culture has a sickness
This story about John Gruber and others like him in the Apple evangelism communities is not unique to this columnist in any way.
Over the past few days a number of people got in contact to relate that had been on the receiving end of similar directed attacks. One man wrote me,
The Shawn King & Gruber circus has been doing this for YEARS. I've dealt with those guys since 2004 and when this crap is all over, they go back to sending their army to attack other people.
It's not just being a target for whatever reasons; disagreeing with the men that run blogs like Gruber's (such as Angry Mac Bastards or King's blog) typically results in vitriol directed at the dissenting voice. One writer commented to me,
I found when disagreeing with Gruber that his fans were the most personal, reflexive unthinking commenters I've ever had.
You don't need to have had a brush with the Internet Hate Machine to know that one person can make someone's life miserable - and that gets magnified by 1,000 when it's an entire group of people operating solely on belief.
When this is done to human beings and not the companies on which the culture ostensibly about, it becomes ugly and personal.
It's worth examining motivations here.
People so eager to do a blog post takedown that they don't check their facts for days, and do a follow up to take another shot at the person in the crosshairs... they must be pretty unhappy, right?
It's strange. Men like John Gruber, Shawn King and all the rest in their circle seem to be the guys that have everything to be happy about. Apple is at the top; it's never been better, more profitable or more mainstream.
They have everything to be happy about - but are still acting like the little guy that keeps getting pushed around.
Thanks to these men, the Mac insider crowd has now come to be known as a group of vicious people that attack before getting their facts straight.
John Gruber is considered a canon in Apple circles; a hero to some and a man with unusual access to the company - so anything he says is considered a gold standard.
You may disagree with what I did in my Macworld piece. I'll take it on board.
But what is happening here is a problem.
And I believe it is a lot of what is perpetuating Apple's bad image.
It is an aspect of Apple's legacy from an older era - one that needs to go away.
On the 23rd of August, the Dept of "Injustice" had to abandon their attempt to obtain IP address logs of all 1.3 million visitors to DisruptJ20.org from Dreamhost due to resistance by Dreamhost's lawyers. The next day, as the court heard the case, Dreamhost received a powerful DNS attack that made many of their sites unreachable.
Prosecutors were forced by the refusal of Dreamhost to "voluntarily" turn over the data to modify their search warrant and "motion to compel." Originally prosecutors wanted IP address logs of all 1.3 million visitors to the site, but Dreamhost challenged this request and put forth all resistance possible short of defying the court outright. On the 23rd, DOJ folded and removed the IP logs from the warrant, but the next day Dreamhost received a powerful DNS attack that made many of their sites unreachable. Cooincidence or not?
This information was removed from the warrant:
Any unpublished media, including both text and photographs that may appear in blog posts that were drafted but never made public.
Any HTTP access and error logs, meaning visitors' IP addresses are largely safe.
At this point it looks like prosecutors will still get some data from Dreamhost but will NOT be getting the IP addresses of all who ever visited the site as they originally wanted. This is a severe loss for the Department of Injustice, and there are suspicions the DDOS is vengeance for this defeat. The fact that this warrant was ever filed is still a good reminder to always use Tor for any potentially "hot" work over any network, however.
https://www.dreamhost.com/blog/a-win-for-the-web/
https://techcrunch.com/2017/08/22/dreamhost-vs-justice-department-exclud...
As the year draws to a close, EFF is looking back at the major trends influencing digital rights in 2013 and discussing where we are in the fight for free expression, innovation, fair use, and privacy. Click here to read other blog posts in this series.
This year the public got some hints of the scale on which governments are using electronic surveillance to spy on all of us. We learned how pervasively compromised our communications infrastructure is, and how cavalierly governments have spliced, bribed, lied, hacked, cozened, and secret-ordered their way into network backbones. We saw that individual Internet engineers were seen as legitimate hacking targets. We saw that spy agencies speak casually of mastering, controlling, dominating the Internet.
People everywhere fought back by increasing their use of encryption to protect their privacy. From journalism schools to boardrooms to parliaments, crypto tools were the talk of the town. Around the world, cryptoparties taught people more about adopting encryption tools, often teaching the "Encryption Works" guide written by former EFF Staff Technologist Micah Lee for the Freedom of the Press Foundation (an EFF client). Just last week, CyanogenMod adopted TextSecure to protect the text messages of its ten million users against mass surveillance. (Hey, other mobile vendors! Are you going to match Cyanogen's lead?)
We were particularly happy to see a sharp increase in the use of HTTPS encryption to protect everybody's connections to popular web sites, as well as back-end encryption to protect the exchange of data (like our e-mail) within and between companies. This year major providers took seriously the need to turn on encryption for their services, and a notion that secure connections are a basic industry standard began to take root. We had productive conversations about encryption with the operators of several major sites, and many sites rolled out or pledged to roll out secure connections on a major scale. Some mobile carriers started upgrading the encryption they apply to voice calls, and secure mobile communications apps became much more widely available. We're especially grateful to the many engineers, lawyers, and policy people throughout the Internet industry who have taken on this project as their own.
There's much we don't know about the ways that encryption tools and standards may have been subverted and undermined, and the ways governments may have talked companies out of their plans to roll out encryption. (There's also much we don't know about how governments' secret legal theories and secret industry partnerships may influence the design of communications systems.) We need journalists, engineers, mathematicians, and parliamentary committees to keep digging into these questions. But crypto adoption has a momentum now. In 2014, let's keep up that momentum—and keep up the conversation about end-to-end and host-proof encryption designs, which protect our data against all intermediaries, not just network operators.
This article is part of our 2013 Year in Review series; read other articles about the fight for digital rights in 2013.
A funny thing happened to me when I started playing around with a Surface Pro 2: It became my favorite computer.
I'm not a Windows hater by any stretch of the imagination, but I also didn't expect to come to rely on the Surface Pro 2 as much as I did. Normally I use an 11-inch MacBook Air as my primary PC, and I have an iPad mini and a Samsung Series 7 Slate as secondary devices. Given Microsoft's spotty device-development history (the collapse of Zune, the epic failure of the Microsoft Kin smartphone), let alone Microsoft's long-ago failure with tablets, all I wanted to know was whether the Surface Pro 2 had improved on the original Surface Pro. I also wanted to test claims that it can tackle heavy productivity tasks.
At home in the office
Tablet form factor aside, the Surface Pro 2 is every bit a Windows 8.1 computer, so it's not surprising that most of the time, I use it in my office, sitting at my desk. Here, the optional docking station really makes it shine: I just set the Surface Pro 2 in the docking station, slide the connectors into place, and the device is instantly connected to my network and peripherals. When hooked up to a traditional keyboard, monitor, printer, and mouse or touchpad, I find the the Surface Pro 2 to be a more-than-adequate PC replacement.
Surface Pro 2 + docking station = great desktop replacement.
My workdays involve writing, communicating, and researching. So I spend the vast majority of my time in Microsoft Word, Outlook, and Internet Explorer. With most mobile devices, I'd have to use a stripped-down mobile or Web version of these applications or else find substitutes. I love how the Surface Pro 2 lets me run the full, uncompromised versions of Microsoft Office and all my other Windows software.
Generally, I prefer to use a touchpad rather than a mouse even with other operating systems and older versions of Windows. When using the Surface Pro 2 as a PC, though, I appreciate the touchpad even more because it feels like a more native and intuitive way of interacting with Windows 8.1. The touchpad provides some consistency between navigating the Surface Pro 2 as a desktop and using it as a tablet.
A truly portable PC
A few days a week, I leave the confines of my office to work at my remote annex site—better known as my local Starbucks. If I had a true desktop PC, I'd need a supplementary laptop of some sort for these off-site excursions, and I'd need SkyDrive or Google Drive, or some other system, to keep files in sync between the two. The Surface Pro 2 is the PC I can take with me.
Microsoft offers the Touch Cover and Type Cover keyboard covers as optional add-ons, but they're really necessities. I needed some sort of protective cover for the tablet display while mobile anyway, and the keyboard covers let me use the Surface Pro 2 like an Ultrabook when I choose.
Both covers work well enough, but I struggled at times with the less-tactile keys on the Touch keyboard cover. I also found the Touch Cover a bit flimsy when trying to use it on my lap, so I prefer the Type Cover even though it's a little thicker and heavier. With the Type Cover, the Surface Pro 2 is still lighter and thinner than most Ultrabook or hybrid options, and the cover folds all the way back when I just want to use the device as a tablet.
With Type Cover is attached, the Surface Pro 2 rivals an Ultrabook.
The original Surface Pro had battery life that was mediocre at best. The two or three hours' worth of juice put it on a par with most comparable laptops but made it woefully inadequate as a PC replacement. The Surface Pro 2, however, has vastly improved hardware that lets me get through days of working in the field without needing to recharge.
One surprise for me with the Surface Pro 2 was the digitizer pen. I'm not a fan of styluses in general, and I get along on my smartphone and tablet just fine using my finger. A stylus just seems like an unnecessary appendage waiting to get lost (as I learned after purchasing more than my fair share of replacements for my kids' Nintendo DS devices).
The Surface Pro 2's digitizer pen isn't just a passive stylus, though. It mimics the functionality of a mouse or touchpad to some extent, making it easier to click and drag, copy and paste, and perform other functions when using the Surface Pro 2 in tablet mode. It also lets me write notes right on the display.
After-hours entertainment
The Surface Pro 2 is definitely not a gaming machine, but it works fine for my purposes—I'm not a hard-core gamer, and I don't pay much attention to frame rates like my kids do. I was able to install Steam and play Terraria with respectable performance. I didn't experience any notable glitches or lag. My only complaint is that interacting with the game using just the touchscreen display was challenging at times, but with a mouse or touchpad I didn't have any problems. It also works as well as any other platform when it comes to playing simpler games like Tetris or Angry Birds. I could detect no difference between the graphics of the Surface Pro 2 and those of any other Windows PC that isn't built specifically for gaming.
The Xbox SmartGlass app turns my Surface Pro 2 into a second screen at TV time.
I've also used the Surface Pro 2 with the Xbox SmartGlass app as a second screen to enhance my movie-watching experience, and I routinely read in bed using the Kindle app. I don't recommend the Surface Pro 2 for extended reading sessions—the lower pixel density strains the eyes, and the extra weight makes it cumbersome to hold for long periods of time—but for getting in a chapter or two before drifting off to sleep, it's adequate.
The Surface Pro 2 is ideal for reading periodicals: Since installing the Flipboard and Wired magazine apps, the Surface Pro 2 has been my go-to device for reading magazine articles while on a train or during a flight. It's certainly much easier to read digital magazines on the Surface Pro 2 than on a laptop or smartphone.
The only device you need
You can find cheaper desktops, lighter tablets, and more powerful Ultrabooks. There are even alternative tablets that run Windows 8.1 Pro, like the Dell Venue or the Asus VivoTab. But for my purposes, none of them handle the daily transitions from PC to portable device, and from creating content to consuming it, as smoothly as the Surface Pro 2.
It's clear to me that the Surface Pro 2 represents the future of computing. It is proof of the concept that tablets aren't killing PCs—they're just a natural evolution of the PC experience. Whatever device that ultimately succeeds may not come from Microsoft, and it may not even run Windows, but eventually devices like the Surface Pro 2—ones that deliver power and portability, and that exist comfortably as both productivity and entertainment devices—will replace traditional PCs and become the norm.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A five-year-old was left asking “is Santa real?” after meeting a shopping centre Father Christmas who wore shoes instead of Wellingtons and had a brown beard.
Lisa Evans said she visited Liverpool's Famous Grotto - which used to be based in the old Lewis's building - on Friday evening.
The mum took her two daughters Sophia Evans, aged five and Bella aged three, to see Santa and said she researched the best grotto to go to, as she wanted the experience to be special.
But the disappointed mum said when her five-year-old came out she told her mum ‘that isn't the real Santa, I could see his brown beard and he didn't have his wellies on'.
Lisa, from Southport, said: “I was really disappointed. I had built it up, as you do, that we were going to meet the real Santa.
“It is important for parents.
“But his beard was hanging off and my daughter homed right in on it.
“She said she could see his brown beard and he didn't have his wellies on either - just shoes.
“I came out and told the woman on the till who found it funny and had a smirk on her face who said she would ‘go in and tell him'.
“It isn't funny and could have completely ruined everything for my daughter.”
Lisa said she paid £8 per child and £1 per adult to enter the grotto - which she had chosen because her mum used to take her to the grotto in Lewis's when she was a child.
The 44-year-old: “When we walked in it looked lovely, it is just a shame they couldn't even get a beard to stick on and a pair of boots, he was young and didn't sound like Santa at all.
“I am not usually one to complain but I was fuming.
“It is not like the grotto is something that is up all year round, so I just feel like they could have made more effort.
“I ended up having to backtrack and tell my daughter that it was one of Santa's helpers.
“Thankfully my youngest daughter didn't really understand.
“When we went out for dinner afterwards Sophia was telling everyone ‘it wasn't the real Santa'.
“I am just really hoping that it hasn't ruined any of the magic for her.”
A spokesman for Liverpool Famous Grotto said: “We are sorry to hear that this customer had a disappointing experience, however, we need to balance it against the overwhelming positive feedback that we have received from literally thousands of very happy customers that have visited the famous Liverpool grotto.
“If the customer would like to revisit our grotto, then we look forward to welcoming them back.”
Few days ago my colleague was stuck for a moment when testing one service object. The service object was responsible for a batch operation. Basically operating on multiple objects and collecting the status of the action. Either it was successful or failed with an exception. We couldn't get our equality assertion to work even though at first glance everything looked ok. We had to dig deeper.
The problem boils down to exceptions equality in Ruby. And few tests in console showed precisely how it works, later to be confirmed by the documentation.
Let's see a comparison case by case. But first, exception definition:
RefundNotAllowed = Class . new ( StandardError )
Does two instances of same exception equal?
RefundNotAllowed . new == RefundNotAllowed . new # => true
Yes. That was our first test and it behaved according to our intution. So why did our test fail if everything told us that we are comparing identical exceptions.
What about message?
RefundNotAllowed . new ( "one message" ) == RefundNotAllowed . new ( "another" ) # => false RefundNotAllowed . new ( "one message" ) == RefundNotAllowed . new ( "one message" ) # => true
Ok, so apparently the message must be identical as well. But in our case the message was equal and our exceptions were still non-equal. Bummer. Let's think about one more aspect of exceptions: backtrace.
What about backtrace?
The backtrace of unthrown exception is…
RefundNotAllowed . new . backtrace => nil
Ok, I didn't except that. I imagined that the backtrace is assigned at the moment of exception instantiation. But when you think deeper about it, you might realize that it wouldn't make sense.
exception = RefundNotAllowed . new raise exception
Would you like to know that the exception was raised at line 1 or rather line 2 in that example? So obviously backtraces are assigned when exception is actually raised, not merly instantiated.
But do they play any role in exception equality? Let's see.
def one_method raise RefundNotAllowed . new rescue => x return x end def another_method raise RefundNotAllowed . new rescue => x return x end one_method == one_method # => true another_method == another_method # => true one_method == another_method # => false exception_one = one_method exception_two = one_method exception_one == exception_two # => false
Apparently for two exceptions to be equal they must have identical backtrace. Even 1 line of difference makes them, well… , different.
What does the doc say?
ruby Exception#== documentation says: If obj is not an Exception, returns false. Otherwise, returns true if exc and obj share same class, messages, and backtrace.
In my original problem it leads me to realization that we were comparing raised-and-catched exception (thus with stacktrace) with a newly instantiated exception. That's why we couldn't get to make them equal.
When you use assert_raises(RefundNotAllowed) or expect{}.to raise_error(RefundNotAllowed) these matchers take care of the details for you:
But when you check something like expect(result.first.error).to eq(RefundNotAllowed.new) because your batch process collected them for you, then you are on your own and this might not be good enough and it won't work. You might wanna just compare manually exception class and message.
What about custom exceptions with additional data?
Because they inherit from Exception (through StandardError ) they share identical logic as described in documentation.
class RefundNotAllowed < StandardError attr_reader :order_id def initialize ( order_id ) super ( "Refund not allowed" ) @order_id = order_id end end RefundNotAllowed . new ( 1 ) == RefundNotAllowed . new ( 2 ) # => true
If you want something better you need to overwrite == operator yourself.
class RefundNotAllowed < StandardError attr_reader :order_id def initialize ( order_id ) super ( "Refund not allowed" ) @order_id = order_id end def == ( obj ) super ( obj ) && order_id == obj . order_id end end RefundNotAllowed . new ( 1 ) == RefundNotAllowed . new ( 2 ) # false RefundNotAllowed . new ( 2 ) == RefundNotAllowed . new ( 2 ) # true
My opinion
I am personally not convinced about the usability of including backtrace in exception equality logic because in reality one would almost never create two exceptions with the exact same backtrace to compare them. Although maybe for some usecases it is a nice way to determine if repeated attempt failed in exactly same way and for the same reason.
NYT Reports on Sharp Slowing of Insurance Costs Under Obamacare
Just kidding. Actually, insurance costs have slowed sharply in the years since the Affordable Care Act was passed, but it is unlikely many readers of the NYT would know this. Instead, it has focused on the large increase (not levels) in premium costs for the relatively small segment of the population insured on the exchanges. In keeping with this pattern, it gives us a front page piece telling readers about the 25 percent average increase in premiums facing people on the exchange this year. There are two points to keep in mind on this issue.
First, the focus on premiums is exclusively on the relatively small segment of the population getting insurance through the exchanges and specifically through the exchanges managed through the federal government. According to the latest numbers, 12.7 million people are now getting insurance through the exchanges (roughly 4.0 percent of the total population). This article refers to the premiums being paid by the 9.6 million people insured through the federally managed exchange (3.0 percent of the total population). Many states, such as California, have well run exchanges that have been more successful in keeping cost increases down.
There are two reasons that costs on the exchanges have been rising rapidly. The first is that insurers probably priced their policies too low initially. Even with the increases this year premium prices are still lower than had been expected in 2010 when the law was passed. In fact, there has been a sharp slowing in the pace of health care cost growth in the last six years. While not all of this was due to the ACA, it was undoubtedly a factor in this slowdown. In the years from 1999 to 2010, health care costs per insured person rose at an average annual rate of 5.7 percent. In the years from 2010 to 2015 costs per insured person rose at an average rate of just 2.3 percent.
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis and author's calculations.
The other reason that premiums on the exchanges have risen rapidly is that more people are stiill getting insurance through employers than had been expected. The people who get insurance through employers tend to be healthier on average than the population as a whole. The Obama administration expected that more employers would stop providing insurance, sending their workers to get insurance on the exchanges. Since they have continued to provide insurance, the mix of people getting insurance through the exchanges is less healthy than had been expected.
Note that this has nothing to do with the "young invincible" story that had been widely touted in the years leading up to the ACA. The problem is not that healthy young people are not signing up. The problem is simply that healthy people of all ages are getting their insurance elsewhere. The overall percentage of the population getting insured is higher than projected, not lower as the young invincible silliness would imply.
Addendum
Robert Salzberg reminds me that the vast majority of people buying insurance in the exchanges get subsidies. For most people these subsidies will fully cover these cost increases. Even after the increases noted in this NYT article, almost 80 percent of the people buying insurance in the exchanges will be able to get a plan for less than $100 per month.
Norman Mailer: A Double Life, by J Michael Lennon, Simon & Schuster, RRP£30/$40, 960 pages
Obviously, Norman Mailer should be reviewing the authorised biography of Norman Mailer. Were he not six years in the grave, he would certainly accept the assignment. And based on the evidence in J Michael Lennon's impressive effort to recount Mailer's multitudinous and combustible life story, here's how that scenario would likely play out: asked for 1,500 words, Mailer submits 150,000. Upon learning that this newspaper is unwilling to devote its entire Saturday edition to his writing about himself, he is shocked and outraged and demands (successfully) that his agent secure a six-figure book deal so his work could be published in its rightful fullness. He uses most of that money to pay down his latest overdue tax bill; the rest goes in alimony instalments for his ex-wives.
He then flies from New York to London with a documentary film crew in tow. Cameras rolling, he pushes his way into the editorial offices, roaring for an explanation as to why his piece was rejected. The meeting leads to some combination of the following: a fist-fight, a drunken reconciliation, a drunken fist-fight, a one-night stand, a press conference. Then Mailer returns to the US to work on the documentary of his trip to London, and on the manu­script of his 150,000-word autobiographical impressions of his authorised biography. When these matters and a few dozen others are dealt with, he at last returns to the latest million-word novel he's writing. This one concerns a barrel-chested, curly-haired Paleolithic warrior-fertility god's endless battles against the legions of cowards and prudes arrayed against him.
That may seem like a fanciful scenario, but it's nevertheless in keeping with Mailer's entire career as nothing less than himself: writer, lover, fighter, family man, man of letters, man of action. He pursued all of this from the earliest possible age. Born in Brooklyn in 1923 to Jewish immigrants, at 11 he wrote a 35,000-word novel. At 16, he entered Harvard intent upon achieving the greatest possible outcomes in the fields of literature and sex. He then enlisted, primarily so he could experience firsthand the events and soldiers of the second world war that would enable him to write “THE war novel”, as he declared to his first wife, detailing in advance his plan, ambition and expectation (these were always synonyms for Mailer). And he did it: The Naked and the Dead, published in 1948, when Mailer was 25 years old, was hailed as one of the greatest novels about the war. It was also an immediate bestseller, the first of many that Mailer would enjoy in every one of seven decades from the 1940s to the 2000s, alongside near-constant public attention, which was, constantly enough, public notoriety.
In telling this life story, Lennon competes with Mailer to assess Mailer, a dynamic in keeping with Mailer's sense of self and approach to all else. As his one-time friend, the writer and intellectual Norman Podhoretz, observes: Mailer “must always work everything out for himself and by himself, as though it were up to him to create the world anew over and over again in his own experience.” Lennon quotes Podhoretz approvingly and then more than proves Podhoretz right by closely and thoughtfully attending to Mailer's steroidal self-reliance, which, turned outward, took the form of some 44 books of fiction and non-fiction, thousands of magazine pieces for publications such as Esquire and Playboy, and also some 45,000 letters, in addition to screenplays and assorted public speeches. On multiple occasions, motivated by financial need and literary fecundity and intellectual jingoism and political imperatives, Mailer would publish several books in the same year, and the quality of the work did not suffer much from this prodigiousness: in 1969, he received double nominations for the National Book Award, for The Armies of the Night and Miami and the Siege of Chicago, and he did the same three years later, with Of a Fire on the Moon and The Prisoner of Sex.
He was similarly productive in personal terms: married six times, he fathered nine children, and along the way pursued innumerable affairs, some of them passing assignations, others spanning decades. Unsurprisingly, his personal life was frequently turbulent. And because he saw little distinction between his personal life and his public life, this turbulence often made news, most dramatically in 1960, when a drunk and high Mailer stabbed his second wife Adele with a penknife in the middle of a house party where he had planned to announce he was running for mayor of New York City (on the “existentialist ticket”). As he does with Mailer's many well-publicised feuds with fellow writers, which also involved violence on occasion – Mailer famously headbutted his nemesis Gore Vidal at a swish cocktail party while Jackie Kennedy watched – Lennon recreates the terrible domestic scene in extensive detail, drawing on multiple viewpoints, including that of Adele and also Mailer, who only years later was finally fully contrite.
Perhaps the most telling take comes from Mailer's friend, the actor and screenwriter Mickey Knox, who recalls that the morning after the stabbing, once Mailer had ambivalently visited his stitched-up wife in the hospital and was then facing arrest, jail-time or commitment to a psychiatric institution, he really had just one pressing concern: “Mailer asked him to go into the 94th Street apartment and retrieve the open letter to Castro he had been working on.” Knox was only momentarily taken aback, as he explains to Lennon: “ ‘Christ, I thought, he stabbed his wife the night before and what was uppermost in his mind? Getting the letter published. It did not surprise me. The foundation of Norman's being is the sum of his writing.' ”
This foundation was ordered to and by Mailer's sense of the writer as a sacred figure of mystical capacities and grave responsibilities for an otherwise godless, dulled and plastic age: among the many subjects Mailer pursued, as a writer and whenever possible as an intimate witness and boisterous participant, were the ways of presidents from John F Kennedy to George W Bush, national politics, sexual politics, boxing, celebrity, murder, war and espionage, and that's only in American terms. He also went after the stories of outsized historical figures, from Egyptian pharaohs and Jesus to Pablo Picasso and Adolf Hitler, and whether implicitly or explicitly, measured their ambitions and accomplishments against his own. Lennon does not defend this implacable, voracious egotism so much as establish its meaningful centrality to Mailer's vocation.
The subtitle “A Double Life” serves as Lennon's governing premise for exploring how Mailer's personal life mattered to his writing life and vice versa, but he does far more than merely affirm this abundantly obvious, abundantly volatile relationship. He makes strong cases throughout the biography for the inherent strengths of Mailer's writing, particularly his achievements in reconceptualising the possibilities of journalism. For instance, “Superman Comes to the Supermarket”, Mailer's 1960 Esquire article about JFK's campaign for president, fundamentally altered the terms of political writing: it brilliantly broke down artificial boundaries between the inner lives and outward actions of politicians and voters alike by exploring in vivid and numinous-toned prose the private-cum-collective psychological drama and ecstatic desires that Kennedy catalysed and embodied. Mailer did likewise for sports writing in 1974, when he went to Kinshasa to report on Muhammad Ali's famed “Rumble in the Jungle” heavyweight bout against George Foreman and then published The Fight. He did it again, this time for celebrity biography, with his speculative take on Marilyn Monroe's desires and demons.
To great effect, he erased the boundaries between true crime, the non-fiction novel and literary fiction with The Executioner's Song (1979), his Pulitzer Prize-winning account of the life and death of a Utah murderer that many regard as his supreme work. As for Mailer himself, set from youth on producing works that would “out-Joyce James”, as he once put it, he was always intent on writing the Great American Novel, if usually distracted from this quest by much else. The Naked and the Dead often comes up as his closest approximation, but Lennon makes a strong case for Harlot's Ghost (1991), about the CIA's deep and far-reaching presence in modern American life. Maddening many critics and readers, this 1,300 page novel ends “TO BE CONTINUED” but Lennon argues persuasively that the book “could be likened to a magnificent, half-finished cathedral”, and that there was in fact aesthetic and intellectual purpose to this anti-conclusion, in keeping with Mailer's incomparable, indefatigable ambitions and with his similarly capacious ideas about America.
Lennon is well-positioned to offer such judgments: following decades of collaboration on various projects, Mailer invited Lennon to write his biography after the subject outlasted his first authorised biographer, Robert Lucid. Instead of merely continuing Lucid's work, Lennon began anew and very much made it his own. At times, he's too willing to give his pages over to Mailer admirers (Mailer included) to embroider testimonials to his greatness. But in the main Lennon has done a very fine job of chronicling most every possible dimension of a sprawling, brawling, daredevil-cum-car wreck of a singularly great American writer's life – and I can say that without fear of a 150,000-word letter to the editor disputing everything I've just written, save that Norman Mailer was great.
——————————————-
Randy Boyagoda's novel ‘Beggar's Feast' will be published in the UK by Penguin in January
Customers who shop at IKEA.ca can have their orders — regardless of size or value — shipped to Sameday Worldwide on Glencoe Drive in St. John's for a flat rate of $79. Before the collection points, home delivery for large orders (which is still available) would cost customers $155.
The St. John's site it one of five established in Atlantic Canada with other locations in New Glasgow and Sydney, Nova Scotia and Charlottetown, PEI, and Fredericton, NB.
“Our ambition is to become more accessible to as many Canadians as possible,” IKEA Canada vice president Liz Wilson stated in a release. “The launch of these five Collection Points is a great way to immediately provide our customers in Atlantic Canada with a more convenient way to shop.”
It's important to note that the sites are not IKEA locations, but rather third-party service providers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. -- “The fact still remains that these people need to be caught,” said Heather Salcedo.
That was part of the mom's reaction after seeing video showing that her daughter left out a crucial detail about an assault on Sunday.
FOX 4 first told you Monday about Salcedo's pregnant daughter, Victoria Repine, who said she was pulled through a drive-thru widow and beaten. Tuesday, Independence police released video showing she jumped out on her own.
Salcedo said she didn't raise her daughter to think lying is acceptable, and wishes she would have been more forthcoming about what happened to her Sunday.
“You know, I messed up. I climbed out of the window. She didn't do that. She had plenty of opportunity and time to do that and she didn't do that and I'm very disappointed in that fact,” said Salcedo.
Salcedo was tearful Monday, when all she really had to go on was her daughter's account of a fight that theft a 3 months pregnant Victoria in the hospital.
“It's unfortunate that the incidents happen differently than what was originally told, and for my part in that I apologize, because I should have asked further questions,” said Salcedo.
Looking back, Salcedo said she thought something about her daughter's story didn't add up.
“I couldn't pinpoint what was not right, and now I know,” said Salcedo.
Initially, 19-year-old Victoria said she was pulled from the drive-thru window at the Wendy's on East 40 Highway, where she works, and was assaulted.
At one point in the surveillance video someone appears to indeed be pulling on Victoria, but the newly released video shows her jump out of the window on her own during a later portion of the footage.
While the development is disappointing to Salcedo there's still a very important order of business: catching the other women involved in the assault.
Independence police are still looking for the two women they believe carried out the assault. Police say it happened Sunday just before 3 p.m. The suspects are two black females who were in a purple Dodge Charger.
If you can help police, call the department at (816) 325-7777 or the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
Salcedo says her daughter is out of the hospital, but not out of the woods. She's still recovering from the assault. Salcedo says as far as she knows the baby is okay.
“Marijuana actually helps my Cerebral Palsy and my pain issues.The pain I experience is leading to more frequent seizures, so many in fact, I'm not sure how much more pain I can endure.”
When it comes to actively working for marijuana law reform in America, no one has more skin in the game than Seth Green. At just 23, Seth finds himself an unlikely front-man for the medical marijuana movement in Tennessee.
Just a year ago Seth posted his personal story, his testimony if you will, on Facebook. Seth suffers from Cerebral Palsy, Multiple Sclerosis and a seizure disorder. If you know anything about the medical marijuana movement and the miraculous effect marijuana has on certain medical conditions, then you know all three of these serious ailments are listed as qualifying medical conditions in most state's medical marijuana regulations.
Imagine dealing with all three of these life-sucking conditions every single day of your life.
Spreading the word
Since making his Facebook post last April Seth's days have gotten quite a bit busier. In addition to starting a successful Change.org petition to promote the medical marijuana bill currently before the Tennessee Senate, the Koozer-Kuhn Medical Cannabis Act (HB1385), Seth has been featured in local media and blogs, spearheaded a successful cannabis rally, testified before the Tennessee House Health Committee and was featured in an article in Sativa Magazine. He will also be attending the National Medical Cannabis Unity Conference hosted by Americans for Safe Access next month, where he has been nominated for the patient advocate award.
I recently contacted Seth to solicit his involvement in forming a nonprofit organization to promote cannabis-related businesses in the South and was struck by his humility and propensity to give most of the credit to others for moving this unlikely bill so far into the spotlight. I also got a clear picture of just how unpredictable access to marijuana is for Seth, who was able to completely wean himself off of strong anti-seizure medication by replacing it with whatever marijuana he is able to get on the street. And unfortunately his sources aren't always that reliable, so sometimes he can medicate and sometimes he can't.
Continuing the Fight
Whether this legislative session brings relief to Seth and thousands of others that could benefit from cannabis in Tennessee, there is no doubt that medical marijuana will soon be available in the South, something that was unthinkable just a year or two ago. The momentum is too great at this point and Southern politicians have precious little time left to get their politics in order before people like Seth and the moms of children suffering from Dravet Syndrome come knocking on their doors.
Medical marijuana bills have been introduced in most Southern states and some patients, like those in Florida, could have access to legal marijuana by next year. As marijuana law reform continues to snowball it is important that activists and reformers in these states begin thinking of a way to shape a responsible medical marijuana industry in the South. That is why I reached out to Seth, one of the most vocal medical marijuana activists in the South, for his help with the Southern Cannabusiness Association.
SouthCANN will be an organization run by those that have served in the trenches in the South in order to move reform forward. The goal of SouthCANN will be to promote responsible, legal cannabis-related businesses in the South, and to establish a code of conduct and a set of ethical standards that all members will follow. Membership fees will be used to represent the interests of member businesses in the form of lobbying efforts, the promotion of our members and the promotion of the cannabis industry in the South.
The goal at this point is to establish a board of directors, incorporate and attain nonprofit status. Seth has lent his support to this new organization and we are sure others will too. Keep up with the latest news from SouthCANN by liking our facebook page and signing up for news updates on our website. And if you are interested in being part of a unique organization please feel free to contact us.
Related Links
Here is the background: National Review came across a Ms. Victoria Cooper, who wrote a paper called Playing Politics: Exploring Nationalism and Conservatism in Fantasy Video Games. It is… well, like many papers of this type, it reads like the conclusion (white people play games to reinforce their white privilege, when they're not just outright racists) was decided upon first, and only then was the data supporting that conclusion assembled. This is both expected, and not really relevant in the long term (the vast majority of scholarship these days typically ends up gasping out its life in a narrow, dusty room); what was unexpected was that apparently a large part of Ms. Cooper's work revolves around her interpretation of Bethesda Softworks' Elder Scrolls series. Specifically, Skyrim. The relevant bits:
Video Games and Medieval History: The Elder Scrolls – Skyrim Skyrim is a massively popular medieval-themed video game. Part of the greater Elder Scrolls video game series, Skyrim was released in 2011 by Bethesda Game Studios and was a critical success. Cooper's thesis focused on this game and the way players transpose their heritage and national identity onto the fictitious races of its gaming world. Skyrim is home to the Nords (Stormcloaks), a pseudo-Viking race. Tall, fair-haired, and pale, they are a sea-faring warrior society that values honour, family and glory. ...Cooper suggests that, ‘medievally-themed video games are a space where whiteness can be anchored, in a “happy history” where a world is free of multiculturalism and white guilt'.
Full disclosure: I am not a PhD candidate. What I am, though, is somebody who has logged over 2,500 hours in Skyrim, so I think that I can safely make observations about the basic game. And it would be my suggestion to Ms. Cooper that she find a different example for white people using a game for a safe space from "multiculturalism and white guilt" than Skyrim. Anybody who plays the game past, say, the introduction knows that one major theme of the game is the Skyrim Civil War. In fact, the game cannot be finished without first resolving the Skyrim Civil War. And the Skyrim Civil War is explicitly couched as being the cosmopolitan, inclusive Empire of Tamriel against the racist, xenophobic Nordic Stormcloaks. Literally the first thing the player sees when he or she enters Windhelm (the Stormcloak's capital city) for the first time is a mob harassing a Dark Elf over her skin color and refugee status. In short: if you're looking for a game world "free of multiculturalism and white guilt," don't play Skyrim.
Rome's Jewish community held special prayers on Wednesday in memory of the victims of the terrorist attack that targeted a Jerusalem synagogue a day before.
Jewish community leader Riccardo Pacifici and Rome Chief Rabbi Riccardo Di Segni called on the members of their community to pray together to commemorate the victims.
“We can't be indifferent to the campaign of hatred which is causing terror attacks in Israel everyday. The latest events are damaging a peaceful coexistence of Israelis and Arabs,” Pacifici said. “The Jerusalem attack is only the last act of a new form of Jihad which aims at killing Jews because of their identity. We are horrified by the brutality with which the murderers entered the synagogue while the victims were peacefully praying.”
Israeli Ambassador to Rome Naor Gilon and Israeli Minister for Regional Development, Minister for the Development of the Negev and Galilee and Minister of Energy and Water Silvan Shalom joined the prayer service at Rome's Jewish school synagogue.
Meanwhile, Rabbi Izchak Hazan hosted a prayer in Rome's main airport Fiumicino.
Call it Portland Confidential: The Arts Tax Edition.
City officials no longer want the public to know who pays the much-maligned arts tax and have proposed changes that may keep taxpayers' identities secret. Although Portland has released taxpayers' names since implementing the tax in 2012, officials now say such disclosures are unreasonable.
The proposal heads to the City Council for consideration Wednesday. It's not slated for any public discussion.
That's because the change -- from Mayor Charlie Hales' Office of Management & Finance -- has been placed on the City Council's "consent agenda," which is supposed to include only routine, non-controversial matters.
UPDATE: Commissioner Nick Fish on Monday requested that the City Council discuss the change as part of the regular agenda.
The arts tax has been anything but.
The $35 tax, approved by voters in 2012, has been plagued by problems. Most notably, it's failed to generate the expected revenue, in large part because tens of thousands of Portlanders haven't paid, according to a 2015 city audit. What's more, administrative expenses have been higher than expected - and city officials aren't even tracking full costs.
The rules for the tax, as currently written, require the city to release the names and addresses for any person who has paid the tax. Last year, the city released such information, and Willamette Week published the list online.
The Oregonian/OregonLive later requested a full database including not only taxpayers who paid the tax but also those who received arts-tax notices from the city or who had been assessed a late fee.
The city refused to release the records, arguing that disclosing names in the database would constitute an unreasonable invasion of privacy. The Oregonian/OregonLive appealed to the Multnomah County District Attorney, who ordered release of the database.
"As the city has already released the names and addresses of those Portland residents who paid the Arts Tax, it would be logically incongruous to conclude that disclosure of names and addresses in themselves is an unreasonable invasion of privacy," District Attorney Rod Underhill ruled.
The city never provided the records. Instead, officials said providing the database would require 20 hours of work that would only be completed if The Oregonian/OregonLive paid an estimated $1,208.
And now, more than three years after the City Council required that names and addresses of taxpayers should be publicly disclosed, officials want to keep that information secret.
"In the case of an income tax, releasing names and addresses of taxpayers is not a reasonable expectation that taxpayers have," the City Council ordinance reads. "As such, names and addresses of taxpayers who have paid the Arts Tax should remain confidential to the extent the law allows."
The City Council is scheduled to vote on the change March 2. Officials are also being asked to rewrite rules to ensure two charter schools receive money from the arts tax.
-- Brad Schmidt
503-294-7628
@cityhallwatch
Codi Wilson, CP24.com
Toronto Hydro says the city came up short on its power reduction goal during Earth Hour Saturday night.
According to the utility company, Toronto saw a 3.5 per cent power drop between 8:30 p.m. and 9:30 p.m., a figure that was 6.5 per cent lower than the company's goal. During Earth Hour last year, the city reduced its power consumption by 6 per cent.
“We did set the goal pretty high this year,” Toronto Hydro spokesperson Christina Basil told CP24 Saturday night.
"The good news is one of the reasons why we might have seen a lower drop this year is that we have been spreading the conservation message all year round and perhaps customers have already taken that into account and are already practicing conservation in their daily lives."
Basil said that Earth Hour is really a symbolic movement.
"Perhaps the awareness is already out there,” she said.
"Collectively we want to thank all of the Torontonians who participated this year."
Several of the city's key landmarks took part in the hour-long event, including the CN Tower, the Air Canada Centre, the Rogers Centre, Roy Thomson Hall, and the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
There were also a number of community events that took place across Toronto.
A candlelight walk was held in Roncesvalles Village and some spent the hour under the stars at the annual Earth Hour event at Kew Gardens in the Beaches.
Powerstream Inc. reported a 6 per cent drop in electricity usage territory-wide during Earth Hour this year, an improvement of 1.2 per cent from last year.
Ole Beich (January 1, 1955 – October 16, 1991) was a Danish musician best known as the bass guitarist for the original lineups of L.A. Guns and Guns N' Roses.[1]
Early life [ edit ]
Born in the city of Esbjerg, Beich, in his youth, achieved a degree of fame amongst local musicians and fans.[1] He played guitar with several Danish bands, and recorded an album in 1979 with a band called Rock Nalle & The Flames. He was also a member of Mercyful Fate for a brief time,[2] before deciding to move to Los Angeles in pursuit of a career in music.[1]
Career [ edit ]
L.A. Guns (1983–1985) [ edit ]
L.A. Guns were first formed in 1983[3] by guitarist Tracii Guns and drummer Rob Gardner.[3][4] The first lineup included Guns, Beich, Gardner and singer Michael Jagosz.[5] The band recorded and EP Collector's Edition No. 1. Shortly after, Jagosz left and was replaced by Bill Bailey (who would later change his name to Axl Rose) after Jagosz was arrested following a bar fight.[6] Bailey had previously fronted Rapidfire with Kevin Lawrence and Hollywood Rose with Izzy Stradlin and Chris Weber.[7][8] Jagosz came back after Rose left playing with the band for 2 weeks and for 5 shows.[9][10]
When L.A. Guns was reformed in 1985, Beich was replaced by Mick Cripps.
Guns N' Roses (1985) [ edit ]
Holywood Rose reformed for a New Year's Eve show on New Year's Eve 1984, with Rose, Stradlin, Guns, Gardner and Steve Darrow.[11][8][12] In March 1985 L.A. Guns merged with Hollywood Rose, changing their name to Guns N' Roses (combining the names of L.A. Guns and Hollywood Rose) with the lineup composed of Rose, Guns, Stradlin, Beich and Gardner.[13]
Beich played his only show with the band on March 26, 1985 before being fired.[14][1] He was replaced by Duff McKagan.[15] Tracii Guns left the group; he was replaced by Slash.[16] McKagan went on to book shows taking place between Sacramento and Seattle, which was dubbed “The Hell Tour“. During this time, Gardner quit the group and was replaced by Steven Adler.[8] This lineup becoming known as the "classic lineup" of Guns N' Roses.[8]
Death [ edit ]
Beich died on October 16, 1991, drowning in Sankt Jørgens Lake in the center of Copenhagen.[1] Not long before, on August 19, Guns N' Roses had performed in the city. His family believe that he became depressed after leaving Guns N' Roses in 1985 and was heavily abusing drugs before returning to Denmark in 1988. Heroin, and a blood alcohol content of .148, are thought to have contributed to his drowning, but his family still believes it was suicide.[17]
Beich is buried in Esbjerg next to his father Aksel, who died in 1995.
Discography [ edit ]
with Rock Nalle & The Flames
Rock 'N'alle Roll (1979)
with L.A. Guns
EXCLUSIVE: Sony Pictures is bullish enough on its upcoming Spider-Man Homecoming star Tom Holland that the studio is doubling down on the young actor by building a second major franchise around him. Holland is attaching to star in Uncharted, in what will be redrafted as a prequel to the treasure-hunting action storyline in the Naughty Dog video game for PlayStation.
Shawn Levy is directing a film that will take its inspiration from a sequence in the third iteration of the video game that focused on the young thief Drake, and his first encounter with the professional rogue, Sullivan. This reformulation of the franchise was an inspiration of Sony Pictures chief Tom Rothman after seeing the latest cut of the Spider-Man film, sources said.
The studio has tried for years with various directors to get this video game to launch a franchise, with past scripts from Joe Carnahan, David Guggenheim and Eric Warren Singer. Sony Pictures will now set a new scribe to draft the story line that captures the protagonist as he grows into the treasure hunter Nathan Drake, who made the game a top seller. Uncharted is produced by Charles Roven, Avi Arad, Alex Gartner and Ari Arad.
REX/Shutterstock
Holland first trotted out his Peter Parker character to great acclaim in Captain America: Civil War, the stage setter to the two sequels to The Avengers being directed by Joe and Anthony Russo. WME and Curtis Brown rep the actor. The Jon Watts-directed Spider-Man: Homecoming bows July 7, the first iteration of the webslinger that has directly involved Marvel Studios.
Holland also stars with Benedict Cumberbatch, Michael Shannon and Katherine Waterston in the Alfonso Gomez-Rejon-directed The Current War, which The Weinstein Company releases December 22. Holland's Spider-Man warmup in Captain America showed the wide-eyed wonder and youthful exuberance, a mash of superpowers and puberty that was consistent with my memory of the original Marvel Comics story line. Previous stars Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield seemed more burdened by tragedy. Holland will hopefully now get to grow into both franchises, which I can't recall happening quite like this before.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- Former Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton said the Dallas-Fort Worth area is not a true baseball town, in an interview with the DFW CBS television station on Sunday.
"There are true baseball fans in Texas, but it's not a true baseball town," said Hamilton, who while with the Rangers was booed during the AL wild-card loss to Baltimore at the end of last season.
Hamilton, who signed a five-year, $125 million deal with the Los Angeles Angels this offseason, said that Dallas has "always been a football town."
"They're supportive," Hamilton said about the fans, "but they also got a little spoiled at the same time pretty quickly."
Hamilton added: "You think about three to four years ago (before two straight World Series appearances in 2010 and 2011). It's like, come on man, are you happier there again?"
Rangers manager Ron Washington didn't want to say too much about Hamilton's comments.
"I'm not answering anything that Josh said," Washington said. "That's Josh. Josh is an Angel. That's Josh's opinion. My opinion is there were 3.5 million fans that came through the turnstiles. That answers it right there."
Hamilton's 2012 season ended in disappointing fashion, mirroring the Rangers' collapse. The club had a six-game lead over the Oakland A's in the AL West with nine games to play and couldn't hold it.
He dropped what appeared to be a routine fly ball in center field in a tie game in the final game of the season, won by the A's to claim the division. And he was 0-for-4 and saw a total of eight pitches in the AL wild-card loss to Baltimore. Some fans booed Hamilton after he struck out in his final at-bat.
He was asked in the interview what the reaction for Rangers' fans might be when he comes to the plate for the first time in Arlington wearing an Angels uniform on April 5.
"It will be mixed feelings from the crowd," Hamilton said. "People who really get it will cheer and the people who don't will boo. Either way, I'll do what I got to do to help my team win."
A Chaos Spawn is a mindless mutant creature who once belonged to one of the intelligent races of the galaxy and who has become so mutated through his or her servitude to Chaos that he or she has devolved into a twisted and insane abomination. Those seeking immortality and power through the ultimate attainment of daemonhood in service to the Ruinous Powers face the constant possibility of being reduced to Chaos Spawn, either by accumulating too many mutations or being cast aside by their Chaos patrons as unworthy of further advancement because of their consistent failure to serve the will of the Chaos Gods. More simply, they may lack the inherent qualities required for successful leadership of other Chaos servants and thus be of no further use to their patrons. Chaos warband members who are transformed into Chaos Spawn will either be abandoned by their former comrades or kept as pets or as cannon fodder, to be herded into battle along with the rest of the Lost and the Damned.
Although physically powerful and extremely resilient, Chaos Spawn are insane, mewling creatures with no mental powers or self-awareness. Their former intelligence has been sacrificed to their failed ambition. Many a Chaos Champion of great promise has ended up as a seething mound of bone and blubber, monstrous and screaming with lunatic rage. The Ruinous Powers are generous but erratic with their favours. When blessing one of their followers, a Dark God might make them stronger, tougher, faster, astonishingly beautiful, hyper-intelligent or otherwise improve their lot in the world. Just as likely, the Chaos God may feel their loyal subject would benefit from their toes falling off, having an eye sprout in their navel or being transformed into a dribbling and imbecilic mountain of flesh. Most Gifts of Chaos take the form of some physical mutation. The more of these gifts a Champion receives, the more potentially disastrous their cumulative effects can be -- even the body and genome of a Chaos Space Marine can only withstand so many mutations before he passes the point of no return.
Any Champion of Chaos, regardless of prestige, can find himself on the road to becoming a Chaos Spawn, for the gods are fickle. A Champion who does not earn himself the ultimate reward of daemonhood will surely become a Spawn unless he dies by some other means first. Such is the fate of the Chaos champion -- those that survive are destined either for everlasting, diabolical glory or an ignominious end as a slavering heap of limbs and protrusions.
The outward appearance of a Chaos Spawn is utterly unpredictable and frequently changes over the course of a battle. No two are alike, and their make-up owes as much to the capricious energies of Chaos as it does to functionality. A Spawn may have several sets of limbs, crab claws or tentacles, armour that bulges beneath the skin, tattered and useless wings, clumps of eye-stalks that wave like grass in a wind, a sinewy prehensile neck or a gaping maw of needle-thin teeth. Some Spawn have insectoid bodies or heads, others resemble featureless quivering mounds of inverted muscle covered with spines that drip acidic pus. All, however, are hideous to behold and deadly to face in battle.
Contents show]
Transformation into a Chaos Spawn
The Ruinous Powers are generous masters with their mortal servants, and a Chaos Champion whose acts of worship pleases his patron(s) will soon bear the mark of their favors in his very flesh. Once a mortal has been singled out for special attention by one or more of the Chaos Gods, he will be granted one of the Marks of Chaos: the Mark of his patron God for those Champions who devote themselves to one God in particular, or the Mark of Chaos Undivided for those who worship Chaos in its multitude of aspects. Once marked, the Chaos Champion is indefinitely and irrevocably doomed. A rare few will manage to sacrifice their mortality and soul to Chaos and ascend to the rank of Daemon Prince, and although this will grant them power beyond their wildest dreams, they will still be mere pawns in an even greater game. Many Champions will simply die, either in combat, or though the betrayal by one of their underlings keen on replacing them. The third and least appealing fate is that of being transformed into a Chaos Spawn.
The Ruinous Powers are generous but uncaring with their gifts. Many such gifts will take the form of grotesque mutations in which the body of the Champion will begin taking on a form more pleasing to his God(s). While these mutations are often useful, the mortal body can only cope with a certain number of such changes at the genetic and physiological level. Once a certain threshold has been passed, the mortal mind will devolve into insanity. Without the mind keeping the rate of mutation somewhat in check through the application of willpower to hold off the debilitating effects of Warp exposure, the body will continue to mutate faster and faster until all that remains is a gibbering mass of swiftly mutating flesh, howling and hissing through many mouths and crawling forward on multiple twisted appendages with only the basest instincts of killing and feeding remaining in the shattered remnants of its mind.
Transformation into a Chaos Spawn occurs primarily to those long-serving Chaos Champions who are not deemed exceptional enough by their God(s) to warrant ascension to daemonhood, although this horrible fate is also enforced on those Champions who fail spectacularly in the service of their patron(s) without having the dignity to die while doing so. Some Chaos Sorcerers also possess the abilty to channel the raw energy of the Warp directly into their foe's bodies, transforming them into Chaos Spawn on the spot. Chaos Spawn often either kill or are killed on sight by anything they encounter, but the Lost and the Damned and the most starved for cannon fodder of Chaos warbands gather Chaos Spawn in herds and let them loose upon their opponents, using them as terrifying shock troops and living shields against the enemy.
Chaos Spawn of Tzeentch
All of the Chaos Gods are generous with their gifts of mutation, but none more so than Tzeentch, Changer of the Ways. As Tzeentch's mortal champions continue to serve their dark master, they are rewarded with ever more bizarre and horrific transformations. A Sorcerer's hands may morph into many-tentacled appendages, all the better suited to performing complex rites of spellcraft. Their eyes may become liquefied orbs capable of seeing the tangled lines of fate that guide a battle. Each of these gifts is a mark of favour, and a step closer to the ultimate goal of ascension to true daemonhood. But for every mortal soul that is forged into a powerful Warp creature, countless others are deemed unworthy. Their flesh is bent into the tortured form of a Chaos Spawn, a hideous monster driven by madness to endless acts of depraved violence.
Chaos Spawn are as varied in shape as the plans and schemes of the Great Manipulator himself. The body from which the Spawn pupates grows vast with layers of muscle and sagging flab, enveloping the contorted skeleton and rapidly mutating organs within. Limbs elongate and multiply, fracturing along their length to allow for new movement before developing sharply articulated joints. Claws and bony protrusions sprout from deep within the creature's musculature, and internal tissues burst forth to form flapping, mucous-covered pseudopods. This biology is utterly incapable of sustaining a natural existence, yet it is given fuel by the unquenchable insanity of the being that has been transformed, for in his infinite wisdom Tzeentch allows the unfortunate mortal to retain just enough of their former intellect to experience an eternity of madness.
The Thousand Sons Traitor Legion views Chaos Spawn of Tzeentch as a natural by-product of their quests for knowledge and arcane superiority. These abominations aimlessly roam the surface of the Planet of the Sorcerers, formed from those whose aspirations led them to pursue empyric power for which they were not worthy. In their arrogance, few Sorcerers believe that such a hideous transmogrification will be their fate, and they are more than willing to use the twisted creatures to achieve their own ends. Droves of Chaos Spawn are kept in enormous pens in Tizca, the capital city of the Thousand Sons' Daemon World, their endless inhuman screams reverberating through the city until the twisted beasts are taken to some distant war zone.
A Chaos Spawn is incapable of reason, and so must be herded into battle by more esoteric means. A Sorcerer may place a series of wards to funnel the Spawn's spasmodic movements towards the lines of their enemy; or they may simply array slaves in a line across the battlefield, trusting the creature's pained instincts to drive it from one victim to the next until it reaches the intended foe.
Once the Chaos Spawn is in battle there is no more need to guide its movements, for it will slash savagely with grotesque claws and barbed horns until no living creature stands in its path. The mutations that wrack its body render its flailing attacks impossible to predict, with newly formed blades jutting from its flesh to skewer those nearby and gouts of toxic fluid erupting from its innards to melt flesh from bone. Such variegated carnage is pleasing to Tzeentch, and in this way the Chaos Spawn continues to serve its cruel creator.
Giant Chaos Spawn
Chaos Spawn are drooling, insane creatures with no will. They come in all shapes and sizes, from dog-sized to man-sized creatures to huge monstrosities. All are foul, mutations left to run riot for the amusement of the Dark Gods, the ultimate expression of the fickle nature of Chaos. Giant Chaos Spawn are those creatures that have endured for standard centuries in this loathsome state, their mutations bloating and growing until the creature reaches monstrous proportions. Unfortunately for the cursed individual who survives long enough as a spawn to reach this size, a Giant Chaos Spawn is all but impossible to kill, condemning it to an eternity of torment as a squealing mound of mutated limbs and churning fangs.
Notable Chaos Spawn
Foulspawn - Foulspawn is a notable exception amongst Chaos Spawn as he is the only Spawn to ever be granted daemonhood by its patron Chaos God. Once an unremarkable servant of Nurgle, the mortal now known only as Foulspawn finally devolved into a Chaos Spawn that resembles a huge, corrupted frog. He was gifted with many appendages and a long sticky tongue which he would use to catch his opponents like flies and swallow them whole. By some quirk of fate, the consumption of his enemies allowed Foulspawn to maintain something approximating sanity, which urged him on to selectively devour his patron's enemies. This amused Grandfather Nurgle greatly, so he elevated the Spawn to the rank of a Daemon Prince to keep such an entertaining tool intact for the rest of eternity.
Unit Composition
1-5 Chaos Spawn
Wargear
Chaos Spawn are no longer capable of using weapons or technology. They attack the foe with their supernatural resilience and hideous mutations.
Sources
Codex Heretic Astartes - Chaos Space Marines (8th Edition), pp. 73, 140
(8th Edition), pp. 73, 140 Codex Heretic Astartes - Thousand Sons (8th Edition), pp. 45, 79
(8th Edition), pp. 45, 79 Codices: Chaos Space Marines (6th Edition), pg. 41
(6th Edition), pg. 41 Codex: Chaos Space Marines (4th Edition), pg. 33
(4th Edition), pg. 33 Codex: Chaos (2nd Edition), pp. 86-120
(2nd Edition), pp. 86-120 Imperial Armour - Apocalypse II , pg. 75
, pg. 75 Realms of Chaos: Slaves to Darkness (1st Edition), pg. 64
(1st Edition), pg. 64 Realms of Chaos: The Lost and the Damned (1st Edition), pp. 214, 234, 286
(1st Edition), pp. 214, 234, 286 Games Workshop - Games Webstore: Chaos Spawn
THAT not-voting thing has worked out brilliantly, Britain has told Russell Brand.
33-year old Wayne Hayes said: “I really stuck it to The Man by staying at home on Thursday, even if it does look an awful lot like The Man ended up succeeding beyond his wildest imaginings.”
As two-thirds of the electorate decided not to bother in the European election, the UK will now be represented in Brussels by MEPs who won't bother voting either.
The long-term plan is for all political decisions to be made in a Mayfair drinking club without the costly and time-consuming exercise of pretending to care less what the public thinks.
Jester/prophet/lothario/voice of cinema rabbit Russell Brand said: “Cor, it's a proper xenophobey-wobey paradigm shift toward the far righty-wight malarkey, innit?
“How very un-perspicacious of me ‘umble self to not divine how this whole politics imbroglio might have unfolded.”
Chief executives usually have big egos. Ursula Burns, though, is handing bragging rights to the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn.
Ms. Burns, the Xerox chief executive, says Mr. Icahn was not involved in the board's decision to split the company in two, which was announced on Friday. But he is getting board seats at one offshoot while Ms. Burns, unusually, has not yet grabbed any role in the new structure.
Mr. Icahn agitated for the split and revealed a stake in Xerox last November. Ms. Burns told investors the previous month that the board was seriously considering strategic options for the company. Xerox suffers from shrinking sales in its photocopying and printing business, known as document technology, and from a steady decline in its stock price since late 2014.
Ms. Burns does have one problem relating to the new plan. Her defining bet in 2009, the same year she took the helm at Xerox, was to buy Affiliated Computer Services for $6.4 billion. This so-called business-process outsourcing operation – managing often paper-based administrative tasks for companies in health care, finance and other sectors – is now being separated again.
America's leading transhumanist conference took place earlier this month in San Francisco. Speakers at Humanity+ included gerontologist Aubrey de Grey, designer and theorist Natasha Vita-More, futurist Jamais Cascio, science fiction author David Brin, philosopher and proactionary principle advocate Max More, artificial general intelligence researcher Ben Goertzel.
The theme of this year's conference was “Writing the Future”. Its focus was communicating transhumanist ideas -- advances in robotics, nanotechnology, artificial intelligence, human enhancement, brain-computer integration, regenerative medicine, and radical life extension – so that the public is prepared for the future.
Here are a few highlights culled from live-blogging posts at the conference by Kris Notaro of the Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies:
James Hughes, Executive Director of the IEET: People are a bit afraid of living forever, so we need to encourage people to accept the awesome future of living long lives.
David Orban: hackers are very important to help implement the system of a society for the human, not for the State or a corporation.
Max More: mind uploading is mainly a philosophical idea but it is possible. The best option for immortality is cryopreservation.
George Dvorsky: With moral and intellectual enhancement on the horizon, people are referring to it as “the rapture of the nerds”.
Ben Goertzel: The future will bring mind reading. If there is no filter and you can have access to another's emotions and information you can feel what they feel, then learn what it was like for them to experience it.
David Dalrymple: “uploading”: means transferring a mind from a biological implementation to a digital one. This is difficult in humans at the moment; let's try with the nematode worm C. elegans.
David Pearce: the coming evolutionary transition could have three stages. In the first biological humans will rewrite their genetic source code and bootstrap their way to super-intelligence. In the second, cybernetic brain implants will allow us to fuse our minds with artificial intelligence and to “upload” ourselves onto less perishable substrates. In digital nirvana, the distinction between biological and non-biological machines will effectively disappear. In the third there will be an ultra-rapid “Intelligence Explosion” and an era of non-biological super-intelligence. Post-human super-intelligence may or may not be human-friendly.
Randal Koene: Substrate independent minds (SIN) assume that the brain is a physical system that can be uploaded and manipulated on a computer.
Breaching The 'Wall': Is The White House Encroaching On DOJ Independence?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
The deputy attorney general strode onto the stage last week in a seventh-floor conference room at the Justice Department to announce criminal charges against two Chinese men who used the Internet to sell deadly synthetic drugs.
"These cases reflect a new and disturbing facet of the opioid crisis in America," Rod Rosenstein, the second-in-command at Justice, told reporters who gathered for what was billed as a major development in the fentanyl epidemic that's afflicting the nation.
DOJ veterans took note for a different reason: the fact that Kellyanne Conway, a counselor to President Trump, had ventured down Pennsylvania Avenue and past Justice Department security to hear the announcement in person.
It's unusual for a White House adviser to appear at a news conference about an enforcement matter. And for Trump administration critics in Congress and out, it's yet another example of how the administration is refusing to respect the independence of the Justice Department.
"Although we've had attorneys general who view their job as serving the president and as an extension of the White House, I do not believe that's the job of the attorney general," Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a hearing last week, one day after the fentanyl event. "The attorney general's master is the people and the law."
Matthew Miller, who led the Justice Department's public affairs office during the tenure of President Barack Obama's long-serving attorney general, Eric Holder, said he could not recall a time when an Obama White House official traveled to the Justice Department to hear an enforcement announcement that was being livestreamed online.
Around the Nation Prisoners Face Uncertainty As Number Of Halfway Houses Are Cut Prisoners Face Uncertainty As Number Of Halfway Houses Are Cut Listen · 2:46 2:46
"It sends a message that these law enforcement activities are coordinated, directed by the White House," Miller said. "It's an appearance thing."
Ian Prior, a spokesman for the Trump DOJ, told NPR in a written statement:
"The Department of Justice is an agency in the Executive Branch and the President, like presidents before and after, is free to communicate with Executive Branch appointees."
As for Conway, Prior said:
"It is concerning that lawmakers would be so offended by an administration official, who is focused on the opioid crisis, being in the crowd at an open press event where opioid related prosecutions were publicly announced. Perhaps the better focus would be on how to address a drug crisis that saw 64,000 people overdose in 2016."
But for Democrats on Capitol Hill, and veterans of Democratic administrations, it is the pattern of breaches that matters. They're asking why President Trump took the step of interviewing U.S. attorney candidates in Washington, D.C., and New York, venues that have legal jurisdiction to investigate his government and business activities.
Preet Bharara, the former U.S. attorney in Manhattan who was fired by Trump earlier this year, told WNYC's Brian Lehrer Show on Wednesday that those meetings are cause for concern.
"It's a terrible look for the president," Bharara said. "It doesn't inspire confidence in the president."
Bharara's remarks follow an MSNBC interview with Holder earlier this week, when Holder asserted, "The Justice Department really is different from other Cabinet agencies," because of its law-enforcement investigations into public corruption, financial fraud and other sensitive subjects.
"There has to be a wall," Holder said, between political operatives in the White House and investigators at Justice. And, he added: "History has shown us that when that wall is too low, that's when Justice departments get in trouble."
Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, who was fired by Trump in January after she refused to defend the administration's travel ban, has said she's been alarmed by the president's public berating of Sessions, whose recusal from the investigation into Russian election interference seemed to send Trump into a rage.
"I believe that Attorney General Sessions respects the role of the Department of Justice, and it's really going to be up to him to protect the institution of the Department of Justice," Yates, who spent 27 years at the Justice Department as a career prosecutor, told All Things Considered in July.
In his confirmation hearing this year, Sessions pledged to respect Justice Department traditions. But last week, in his first oversight hearing in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee, he cited the possibility the White House would invoke executive privilege in refusing to answer several questions.
The attorney general said he could not discuss conversations he had before the president fired FBI Director James Comey and a separate instance, in which, the Washington Post reported, Trump asked Sessions to short-circuit the prosecution of former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
The Justice Department proceeded with the case, and Trump later pardoned Arpaio.
Kaspersky Publishes (Then Deletes) Article Claiming 'If You're Doing Nothing Wrong, You Have Nothing To Hide'
from the wait,-what? dept
The content of this article was actually a draft of the column by an independent author. It was published accidentally, and Kaspersky Lab do apologize for misunderstanding.
Author's views do not reflect the official position of Kaspersky Lab on the subject of privacy
Apart from these five reasons, there are many more why you shouldn't be paranoid and try to conceal your location while online. Remember if you're doing nothing wrong, you have nothing to hide. There is almost to zero chance that you would be of interest to any secret service on the planet. The only nuisance to you will be advertisement robots – and there are more effective tools against them than online anonymity.
Kaspersky Lab, the internet security/anti-virus company published a somewhat bizarre article a little while ago , entitled "Why we should not be afraid of being watched while online." The text is no longer there, because it's been replaced by:At least at the time I'm writing this, you can still see the full text via Google's cache , though that may go away soon. The really ridiculous part is actually the final paragraph. The main part of the article lists out five areas where there are benefits to sharing your info (more on that in a second) and then it comes to this ridiculous conclusion:The whole "doing nothing wrong, got nothing to hide" argument is so stupid and so widely debunked that anyone uttering that phrase automatically loses pretty much all credibility. Similarly, the "there's almost no chance that you would be of interest" to any intelligence service is similarly stupid. First of all, that's only true until it'strue, and then it's a bit too late. And even if 99% of people aren't of interest, shouldn't we be concerned about the 1% of people whose rights and privacy are abused? As the supposed quote from Cardinal Richelieu goes : "give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him." There's always a way to twist purely innocent things into looking nefarious if you want to. We should all be concerned about the power to abuse someone's privacy.Eugene Kaspersky has distanced himself from the article, stating that "privacy is a precious thing that people should protect no matter what. Sometimes the columnists don't reflect our opinion." Still, the fact that it was published (even if accidentally) on the Kaspersky website is bizarre.As for the main part of the article, it's actually, but whoever wrote it gets the exact wrong lesson out of his or her own writing. The article highlights five areas where it is, in fact,to share some information -- such as doing local searches or being able to track your route. And, indeed, these are useful cases in which people very frequently find the value of sharing some information (such as location) with a third party service, in exchange for some benefit.But the key issue here, which is totally ignored by that final paragraph, is that these decisions -- including the benefits and costs -- should be transparent, clear and. When an individual makes theto share information in such a manner, it should be their decision, well aware of what they're sharing, why and what benefits there are with it. The concern that most people have is how these things are done in a sneaky fashion, with no transparency, and often for little or no benefit. To put a blanket "eh, don't worry about it" because ofinand then ignoring the abuses by saying "eh, probably won't happenbecause no one's that interested in" is ignorant in the extreme.Either way, it seems flat out ridiculous that an internet security company would publish an article. I could see it as a silly Slate pitch or something, but on a security company's website? As Aral Balkan joked , next on Kaspersky's website, perhaps we'll see an article on "viruses aren't that bad... why can't we all just get along?"
Filed Under: anonymity, intelligence community, nothing to hide, nothing wrong, privacy, security, sharing, surveillance
Companies: kaspersky labs
An outbreak of hemorrhagic fever syndrome has spread across a northern region of South Sudan. Since the start of the low-intensity outbreak in late December 2015, 51 cases, including 10 deaths, have been recorded.
As of now, the World Health Organization (WHO) does not recommend any restriction of travel and trade to the affected area. But the underlying cause of the outbreak is still unknown.
The symptoms of the disease are similar to that of Ebola: unexplained bleeding, fever, fatigue, headache and vomiting. Like most hemorrhagic fevers, the disease can be fatal in severe cases that lead to shock and organ failure.
However, unlike Ebola, there is also no evidence that the disease in this outbreak is spread from person to person. The symptoms are also less severe, the WHO said in a statement, and rapidly resolve with treatment.
Samples from 33 patients were also tested for Ebola, and all came back negative. The samples also tested negative for Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Marburg virus disease, Rift Valley fever, yellow fever, West Nile virus and the Zika virus.
Five samples did, however, test positive for O'nyong-nyong virus, three were positive for Chikungunya, and one sample tested positive for dengue virus – all three of which are transmitted by mosquitoes.
Because of this, some say the mysterious disease might be an undiagnosed mosquito or tick-borne viral illness. But none of these viruses cause bleeding as seen in the current outbreak or explain the high mortality rate.
WHO medical specialist and spokesman Eric Bertherat said the available data points to a different type of disease.
“The fact that three-quarters of the cases are below [age]20 and that 87.5 percent of the affected adults are women, is not in favor of a mosquitoes-transmitted disease but rather to an event linked to a specific behavior or to the environment,” Bertherat wrote in an email to Humanosphere.
“The concentration of population (and predominantly women and children) and domestic animals around patches of stagnant water can evoke a water-transmitted disease such as leptospirosis.” he wrote. “But we cannot discard a toxi-infection by a mycotoxin (aflatoxin for instance).”
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease spread through the urine of infected animals, and aflatoxins are poisons produced by certain molds. Both are plausible explanations for a region lacking adequate sanitation resources: More than 30 percent of the population lacks access to safe water supplies, according to UNICEF, and a mere 15 percent has access to adequate sanitary latrines.
While scientists work to determine the cause of the recent outbreak, the current reality is that there is a lot we don't know. The good news is that no deaths have been reported since Feb. 28, which, according to Bertherat, is a clear indication that antibiotics and supportive therapies have been effective in the more recent cases of the disease.
The bad news is that the outbreak has occurred close to Darfur in Sudan, where at least 469 cases of undiagnosed viral hemorrhagic fever, including 120 deaths, were reported between August and November 2015. Because of frequent cross-border movement between Sudan and South Sudan, the WHO statement said, the risk of international spread of the disease cannot be ruled out.
This map shows in green countries that support recognising Palestine as a state.
In four days the UN Security Council will meet, and the world has an opportunity to embrace a new proposal that could turn the tide on decades of failed Israeli-Palestinian peace talks: UN recognition of the state of Palestine.
Over 120 nations from the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and Latin America have already endorsed this initiative, but Israel's right-wing government and the US vehemently oppose it. The UK and other key European countries are still undecided, but a massive public push now could tip them to vote for this momentous opportunity to end 40 years of military occupation.
US-led peace initiatives have failed for decades, while Israel has confined the Palestinians to small areas, confiscated their lands and blocked their independence. This bold new initiative could be the best opportunity to jump start a resolution of the conflict, but Europe and the UK must take the lead. Let's build a massive global call for the UK and other European leaders to endorse this statehood bid now, and make clear that citizens across the world support this legitimate, non-violent, diplomatic proposal. Sign the petition and send this campaign to everyone:
Nat Hentoff, the last honest liberal
By Clay Waters
web posted April 1999
The columnist has championed a woman rejected from law school for being white. He has defended a police chaplain fired for saying "fag," and been shouted down by pro-choice feminists at a pro-life rally. He's quoted approvingly a charter school founder saying that only when racial categorization is stopped can there be "true equal protection of the laws." And he quit the ACLU in protest of their position against revealing the results of HIV tests on newborns. By the way, he's a life-long leftist who has written for the Village Voice since the 1960s.
He's Nat Hentoff. And with virtually every bit of the counter-culture weekly paper now infected with drab politics, the paper is worth reading chiefly for its comprehensive club listings and for Hentoff's column, which consistently flouts his readership's conventions.
Greenwich Villager Hentoff, now 73, was friend of the late Malcolm X, has authored several books on jazz and wrote the liner notes for Bob Dylan's second album. He's a freewheelin' man who has angered about every political faction around, including his own Voice editors. He is no elitist. In the past he's called into a talk show hosted by Oliver North (Rush Limbaugh was the guest) to agree with them on liberal intolerance for free speech. Recently he appeared on Matt Drudge's Fox television show to discuss Clinton's depravity. He's made common cause with the libertarian Cato Institute against the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO). "I just want to go where my fans are," he said in a brief phone interview. "I prefer not preaching to the choir."
Hentoff has been set against Clinton ever since the '92 campaign, when the then-Arkansas governor left the campaign trail in New Hampshire to supervise the execution of convicted murderer Ricky Ray Rector, a retarded man who arguably was not responsible for his actions. He condemns Clinton not so much for his sex life (although for an alleged liberal, Hentoff writes rather sympathetically for Paula Jones), but that "Clinton has done more harm to the constitution than any president in American history."
He fumes at liberals for sticking up for a president he considers "a serial violator of our liberties," pointing to the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1996, "which so greatly cut down [habeas corpus] that innocent people on death row will be executed for years to come."
In the wake of the Matthew Shepard murder, he refused to join the law-and- order about-face made by liberal activists and instead attacked the resulting proposals of hate-crime legislation as unconstitutional. He's stuck to his civil libertarian principles, even when more and more often he makes points that bring joy to conservatives.
Hentoff's two weekly columns, one in the Voice and one in the Saturday Washington Post, are among the few outlets to take the Kathleen Willey story seriously. Hentoff has also informed his no-doubt seething readership about Clinton's more obscure alleged dalliances, like the former Miss Arkansas Elizabeth Ward Gracen. He devoted an entire column to Juanita Broaddrick weeks before the Wall Street Journal vaulted her 20 year-old allegations of sexual assault by Clinton into the mainstream press. He wrote acidly of a pro-Clinton New York Times piece where the author "ignores the series of women who have been threatened by Clinton and his agents to keep their silence about his exercising his droit du seigneur on their bodies." He has even accused Clinton of committing war crimes, an area of attack from which elected Republicans flinch. "And where were these former anti-Vietnam War protesters when Clinton killed innocent civilians in Iraq as he tried to delay impeachment?"
In other articles, a spiritual side comes through. Hentoff is pro-life, and in 1992 he wrote his most famous apostasy with the left, "Pro-Choice Bigots," for the New Republic. In it he lamented Jesse Jackson's lapsed pro-life stand and ripped into the hypocrisy of a Democratic party that speaks of tolerance but brooks no dissent on the abortion issue. He noted that some Voice colleagues stopped speaking to him after he first came out against "the annual killing of 1.6 million developing human beings." When I referred to him half-jokingly as an atheist Catholic, he replied dryly, "atheist will do."
His most emotionally wrenching column had to do with a related life and death matter. A father who murdered his 12-year-old daughter Tracy had his sentence commuted at the urging of the Canadian Civil Liberties Association (a Canadian equivalent of the ACLU). After all, the girl had a severe case of cerebral palsy and suffered acute pain-thus making it a mercy killing.
Hentoff bashes the ACLU for its support of legalizing assisted suicide-"ignoring its effects on the severely disabled for whom that fatal decision would be made." Columns like this show a generosity of spirit often lacking in the "party of compassion." Hentoff told me he considers himself a "lowercase libertarian."
With most self-proclaimed liberals having thrown in with Clinton, he can't call himself a liberal any more. He sounds suspiciously Reaganite when he says, "the Democratic Party has left me." On drug legalization he's to the right of many conservatives of libertarian persuasion, saying, "The drug war in this country is a terrible offense. But legalizing is not as simple as people think."
He is still capable of lapsing into lazy liberal snottiness, as when he sneeringly dismissed House Whip Tom Delay as "a professional exterminator of rodents before he entered public life," a meaningless tidbit that holds a peculiar fascination for liberals. But Hentoff generally strikes a more dour, long-suffering Jimmy Carter-like pose of integrity. If he's not the most easy- going companion, his opinions are innocent of the cardinal sin of the day, hypocrisy.
In response to a column by Anthony Lewis of the New York Times attacking Congressman Bob Barr, Hentoff answered with one praising the oft-maligned Barr's civil liberties record. He pointed out Barr was the sole voice on the House floor to speak out against the Clinton administration plan of "roving wiretaps." Though Barr is accused by Lewis and others of knowingly addressing a racist group (the Council of Conservative Citizens), Hentoff took Barr at his word that he had no knowledge of the group's stand, and suggested he was being attacked by the media for his politics.
When I innocently brought up the "bouquet he had tossed Barr," Hentoff mistakenly though I was being dismissive of his column and scorched me.
"That's a really stupid question, if you don't mind me saying. I've got every liberal complaining about that story .Bob Barr has a very good record on privacy. The ACLU volunteered that information. I later found out, after I wrote the column, that when he was a U.S. attorney in Georgia he prosecuted successfully charges of police brutality and white racist groups."
In the midst of Hentoff's verbal onslaught, I couldn't help smile at the irony of a veteran Village Voice columnist berating me for what he thought was my lack of belief in the honor of...conservative Congressman Bob Barr. When it comes to civil liberties -- everyone's civil liberties -- Nat Hentoff is no atheist.
Clay Waters is associate opinion editor for Bridge News, a financial information company in New York City. He can be reached at cwaters@bridge.com
Why Being a Man Means I'm Part of the Problem.
Toxic masculinity is tearing us apart.
It's time to do away with the concept of ‘manhood' altogether.
The above article were written by male feminists who seem to dislike masculinity, manhood, and men general. They are the most recent in a long line of anti-male screeds coming from male feminists.
Every few weeks this kind of article appear on progressive blogs. The content of the articles is always the same: masculinity is bad. Manhood is bad. Men are bad. Some of them try to get around those arguments by adding adjectives like “toxic” before masculinity, yet most of their commentary reveals that the issue has nothing to do with “toxicity.” Their problem is masculinity, manhood, and men.
The articles carry a distinct tone of anger and resentment toward any aspect of maleness. This leaves me with a question: what is the deal with male feminists?
In Sargon of Akkad's recent addition to the Why Do People Hate Feminism series, he discussed male feminists. He argued that there are three types of male feminists: the non-masculine ones, the well-meaning, apologetic ones, and the self-loathing ones. While I agree with Sargon's grouping, the problem remains that what these men say is typically the same: they see no value in masculinity, manhood, or maleness beyond what can be used to please women.
This is understandable. The feminist message about men is anything but positive. It is hardly surprising that people who constantly hear that all men benefit from “male privilege” and “rape culture” at women's expense would come to think there is nothing good about being male.
What baffles me is that the very messages coming from feminists are the same type of negative, antipathetic messages feminists rail against when people direct them at women. But turn these antagonistic messages turn to men, and male feminists cannot support them fast enough.
I struggle to understand why this happens. What is it about male feminists that makes them so inclined to support a group of people whose numbers include those who tell someone on a first date “I know the chief of police … so, don't try and get creepy; I know all my rights?”
As a result of working and associating with male victims of abuse, I frequently see people who experience a great deal of self-loathing. Those men and boys usually have reasons for thinking so little of themselves. They were situations where they had no choice but to listen to someone degrade and dehumanize them.
Male feminists, with rare exceptions, do not have this problem. They can easily walk away from feminists who demonize men. They could easily reject misandrous theories like “The Patriarchy” and “rape culture.” They could ignore the negative social expectations placed on males while adopting the positive ones. Instead, they attack men and boys. Every article, every tweet, every blog post comes with a ridiculous, self-loathing tone.
This mentality only serves to beat people down. It is one of the reasons boys are failing in schools, why there are so few social services for men, why there is so little attention paid to men's health issues, and why male victims receive so little help. The constant “you're bad and brought it on yourself” tone that comes from male feminists always raises my ire.
Yet every time I see a male feminist behave in this vicious, masochistic self-degradation my desire to put him in his place falls away “for now that I see him, I do pity him.”
For many male feminists, feminism is their “precious.” Many of them have spent a lifetime caught under its spell. One could only expect male feminists to defend the thing they find most valuable, even if that thing makes them hate themselves.
What I see from the above articles is less an attack on men and more projection of the “faults” those male feminists see in themselves. It is easier to blame men as a group because at the very least the male feminist will not be alone. He will not be the only one.
I hope that at some point male feminists realize it is not them (at least to an extent) but the ideology that is the problem.
Adnan Abidi / Reuters Family members of Ziona Chana pose for a group photograph in Baktawng village, India, on Oct. 7, 2011. Ziona is the head of a religious sect called "Chana," which allows polygamy and was founded by his father, Chana, in 1942. Ziona has 39 wives, 94 children and 33 grandchildren.
Reuters reports:
The more, the merrier is certainly true for Ziona Chana, a 66-year-old man in India's remote northeast with 39 wives, 94 children and 33 grandchildren -- and he wouldn't mind having more.
They all live in a four story building with 100 rooms in a mountainous village in Mizoram state, sharing borders with Myanmar and Bangladesh, media reports said.
"I once married 10 women in one year," he was quoted as saying.
Adnan Abidi / Reuters Zuali, 37, twentieth wife of Ziona Chana, adjusts his shirt as his sons and driver watch before heading toward the construction site of a church in Baktawng, India, on Oct. 5, 2011.
Adnan Abidi / Reuters Ziona Chana's family members wave from a vehicle on their way to a church construction site in Baktawng, India, on Oct. 5, 2011.
His wives share a dormitory near Ziona's private bedroom and locals said he likes to have seven or eight of them by his side at all times.
The sons and their wives, and all their children, live in different rooms in the same building, but share a common kitchen.
The wives take turns cooking, while his daughters clean the house and do washing. The men do outdoor jobs like farming and taking care of livestock.
EPA Children of 67-year-old Ziona Chana have lunch at their home on Oct. 28, 2011.
The family, all 167 of them, consumes around 200 pounds of rice and more than 130 pounds of potatoes a day. They are supported by their own resources and occasional donations from followers.
"Even today, I am ready to expand my family and willing to go to any extent to marry," Ziona said.
"I have so many people to care (for) and look after, and I consider myself a lucky man."
Ziona met his oldest wife, who is three years older than he is, when he was 17.
Adnan Abidi / Reuters A view of Ziona Chana's house in Baktawng, India, on Oct. 6, 2011. He lives in this 4-story, 100-room house with 181 members of his family.
He heads a local Christian religious sect, called the "Chana," which allows polygamy. Formed in June 1942, the sect believes it will soon be ruling the world with Christ and has a membership of around 400 families.
Hindu, India's dominant religion, does not allow polygamy, but the nation's laws allow Muslim men to have more than one wife.
India, the world's second-most populous country behind China, has a birth rate of 2.6 babies for each woman. That pace is expected to keep India's population rising. Analysts say India will reach 1.53 billion population by 2030, when it will surpass China as No. 1 in population.
The United Nations Population Fund, which predicts the world population will reach 7 billion by Oct. 31, says that the world will be on its way to 9 billion 20 years later.
- msnbc.com editors Natalia Jimenez and Jim Gold, with wire service reports.
See more posts and images related to the seven billion population milestones
SEMMERING, Austria — For once, even Olympic slalom champion Mikaela Shiffrin couldn't believe what she had just achieved.
The American from EagleVail reacted by holding her right hand to her mouth in surprise after a spectacular final run in front of 13,500 spectators secured victory in a World Cup night slalom on Thursday.
Shiffrin managed to overcome several mistakes and a 0.33-second deficit at the last split time to produce a resounding winning margin of 0.64 seconds.
To make things even sweeter, it was her third World Cup triumph in as many days.
“Today was really crazy. It was a fight,” Shiffrin said. “I had a mistake and I knew I just had to keep going, going, going.”
Enjoying a slim opening-run lead, Shiffrin comfortably beat Veronika Velez Zuzulova of Slovakia, while Wendy Holdener of Switzerland was 1.54 seconds back in third.
Velez Zuzulova put Shiffrin under pressure with a strong second run, but the Slovak acknowledged “it was not enough, again.
“With Mikaela you never know what happens. I am getting close, but I still need more training,” said Velez Zuzulova, who has finished runner-up to the American for the past three slaloms.
After winning two giant slaloms the previous days, Shiffrin continued her dominance in slalom by landing her 23th career win in the discipline.
She has won all 12 World Cup slaloms she competed in since February 2015, having sat out five races with a right knee injury last season. That two-month layoff also cost her the season title in slalom, which she had won the previous three years.
To keep her winning streak running, Shiffrin had to overcome stomach problems.
She had been far from clean in her opening run, coming close to missing a gate twice and being 0.1 off the lead before finding enough speed in the bottom section to beat Velez Zuzulova by 0.09.
“I think I fought harder than any other run I've ever skied in slalom,” Shiffrin said, as she asked for a chair to sit down on while waiting in front of the leaderboard.
“The past races, it has been mostly nerves. When you get to the start, all of a sudden I get to feel really, really sick,” she said. “Today, actually, I am not sick but the past days I have been sick, so I wasn't really sure if I was sick like you have the flu or sick because of nerves. I was OK for the second part of my runs, so then it's good.”
With Thursday's win, Shiffrin extended her lead in the overall standings to 215 points over defending champion Lara Gut of Switzerland, who usually doesn't compete in slaloms. Related Articles February 22, 2019 Mikaela Shiffrin takes a break from World Cup to unwind and get well after historic world championships
February 19, 2019 Mikaela Shiffrin ties record for World Cup wins in a season with No. 14
February 16, 2019 Mikaela Shiffrin makes history despite battling severe chest cold
February 14, 2019 Mikaela Shiffrin settles for bronze medal in GS at world championships
February 12, 2019 Kjetil Andre Aamodt and Anja Paerson defend Mikaela Shiffrin's race selection
Shiffrin's feat of winning three races in three days is not unique. Lindsey Vonn has managed it on four occasions — at Haus im Ennstal in 2010, and at Lake Louise in 2011, 2012 and 2015.
Austrian great Annemarie Moser-Proell even won four races in three days in Grindelwald, Switzerland, in Jan. 1975. Those races included a combined event, with the downhill portion also counting as a separate race.
Her 26th career win puts Shiffrin in shared 12th position — with Michela Figini of Switzerland and Tina Maze of Slovenia — on the all-time women's race winners list, but leaves her still 50 wins short of Vonn's record.
In the season's slalom standings, Shiffrin leads with the maximum 400 points, 110 clear of Velez Zuzulova and 140 ahead of Holdener.
The women's World Cup continues with three more technical events — a slalom in Zagreb, Croatia, on Tuesday, followed by a GS and slalom in Maribor, Slovenia, at the weekend.
Women's World Cup overall standings
After 15 of 37 races (thru Thursday Dec. 29)
Mikaela Shiffrin, EagleVail, 798 points
Lara Gut, Switzerland, 583
Ilka Stuhec, Slovenia, 495
Sofia Goggia, Italy, 467
Tessa Worley, France, 463
Note: Gut is the defending champion. Shiffrin is bidding to become the fifth American to win the World Cup overall title.
Previous U.S. winners:
Phil Mahre, 1981-83
Tamara McKinney, 1983
Bode Miller, 2005, 2008
Lindsey Vonn, 2008-10, 2012
Artist's concept of a rocky Earth-sized exoplanet in the habitable zone of its host star, possibly compatible with Kepler-186f's known data. NASA/SETI/JPL One of humanity's biggest questions is "Are we alone?"
But is that still the right question?
Astronomers have confirmed over 1,800 exoplanets in our galaxy and estimate that there are around 100 billion in total. About 50 of these seem to be habitable. So, chances are good that we are not alone.
A better question for the new age is: If ET exists, what should we do about it?
That's what scientists at the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) Institute discussed last month at the annual American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting.
SETI is famous for its series of telescopes that search the skies for messages that look like they could be sent by intelligent extraterrestrial beings. But so far the cosmos have been quiet.
And after 50 years of listening, some of the folks at SETI are starting to say it's high time for a change to the way we search.
If we're ever going to make contact, then the burden is on us to do more than listen: We should be initiating the conversation, the director of SETI's interstellar message composition, Douglas A. Vakoch, told Business Insider.
Vakoch calls this initiation project Active SETI.
"It may be that signaling of our intention to make contact is what's really required to trigger a response," Vakoch said. And so, "the most critical reason to add Active SETI to our search strategy is that this may be the strategy that lets us make contact."
A bold move for humankind
Aerecibo radio telescope in Perto Rico. USFunds2011 via Flickr Vakock and some of his colleagues at SETI want to use some of the institute's telescopes, including the Aerecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico, not only to listen, but to send powerful transmissions deep into space that clearly state: We are here and we want to communicate.
That's a very bold move for humankind, and not everyone is on board. Those who are hesitant or downright against the idea include Stephen Hawking, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Elon Musk, and Sean Carroll.
Why are these men, who are famous for their innovation and intelligence, so seemingly close-minded? After all, if Active SETI did succeed, making contact with an alien race would be the most important discovery in human history not only from a technological standpoint but from an intellectual one, as well.
DeGrasse Tyson was especially firm on his stance during a recent interview with Business Insider.
"We don't give our address to members of our own species whom we don't know. So, the urge to give our home address to aliens? That's audacious," he said.
The problem is that even though making contact would be the most important discovery in human history, it might also be one of our last discoveries.
In a statement issued earlier this year a group of scientists writes, "We know nothing of ETI's [Extraterrestrial Intelligence] intentions and capabilities, and it is impossible to predict whether ETI will be benign or hostile." Of the several dozens of people who signed this statement in a cautionary measure against Active SETI was Elon Musk.
Sean Carroll has similar sentiments in a brief Twitter conversation with Business Insider:
Fear of the unknown didn't stop Ferdinand Magellan, Lewis and Clark, or Neil Armstrong, human history's most important explorers. But the key difference is that if something goes wrong when we make contact with aliens, we're not just risking the lives of the few who brave the unknown. The existence of our entire species and the thousands of other species on Earth are at stake.
To this, Vakoch and his colleagues argue that any alien civilization advanced enough to wipe out life on Earth would already know we're here. We've been transmitting into space since the '70s. Anyone advanced enough to obliterate our speices would be advanced enough to listen, and would be here by now or are already on their way.
So we're pretty screwed in that regard.
Speaking for Earth
James Cridland on Flickr Committing global suicide is not the point of Active SETI, emphasizes Vakoch.
"What Active SETI does is announce ourselves to civilizations that don't have those capacities far in advance of humans," he said.
Moreover, extinction is just half of the issue here.
"One of the key questions that we raise when contemplating Active SETI is: Who speaks for Earth?" Vakoch told Business Insider. "And the answer is, well, everyone should."
That's why Vakoch and his colleagues at SETI launched the study "Earth Speaks", which solicits online comments from, quite literally, everyone on Earth, or at least everyone with access to the Internet. And the overall theme shining through the thousands of submissions is encouraging.
Many people articulate the fact that they're ready to make contact, so "I suspect that the idea has been discussed so often that people will accommodate to this discovery pretty readily," Vakoch said.
And despite the unknowns, deGrasse Tyson did acknowledge how incredible a discovery it would be:
"But here's the thing: Holding aside those uncertainties, it would be awesome to make contact with an advanced civilization."
(This post is in response to the April 19 editorial in C&E News. For the response to the May 10 editorial, click here)
A recent ChemJobber post notes that C&E News Editor-in-Chief Rudy Baum‘s editorials sometimes have a tendency to approach the controversial – and sometimes the purely political. I wanted to discuss this weeks editorial which threatens to call into question much of my online existence (sorry, Mitch. If Rudy's right, I think you're about to spontaneously e-implode).
In this week's editorial, “The Limits of Web 2.0,” Baum decries the cliché “information wants to be free” for both its out-of-context usage (the full quote says information wants to be expensive because it is valuable and free because the cost of information dissemination is shrinking almost hourly – thus a struggle) and for its lunacy (information can't wish for anything – it's inanimate). Rather, Baum says that it's people who wish that information would be free. I'd amend Baum's correction slightly. People really want information to be free and readily accessible. I'd argue public libraries have long made most information “free,” if you were willing to do the legwork to get it.
But the bulk of Baum's editorial promotes Jaron Lanier's book You are Not a Gadget: A Manefesto, and summarizes Lanier's main points, namely that the wisdom of crowds can be dangerous and science should be loath to adopt web 2.0 ideals. Lanier points out that around the turn of century, a “torrent (a word hijacked by the web 2.0 crowd -ed.) of petty designs sometimes called web 2.0″ flooded the web. And through the use of web 2.0, we apparently are losing sight of the trees for the forest, er, the taggers for the cloud.
Baum writes in his editorial (cross-posted for free on the web 2.0 CENtral Science blog, natch), “The essence of what Lanier is saying is that individuals are important and that we're losing sight of that at our own peril in elevating the wisdom of the crowd to a higher plane than the creativity of a single person.” That is, we are valuing the cloud more than the individuals, when the cloud can't exist – and has no meaning – without the existence of the individuals. Lanier notes that collective intelligence can be used well, but only when guided by individuals who can direct the course of the hive mind and help steer clear of common groupthink pitfalls.
But the most interesting quote comes near then end, when Baum quotes Lanier as saying that scientific communities “achieve quality through a cooperative process that includes checks and balances, and ultimately rests on a foundation of goodwill and ‘blind' elitism.” I'm not really sure what that means…
But to Lanier's thesis that science ought to be wary of embracing web 2.0 and its ideals, I find it interesting that Baum writes his editorial at C&E News, the magazine of the ACS, whose flagship publication, the Journal of the American Chemical Society, has featured a JACSβ page for some time now. The same C&E News whose blog has become so popular that it had to split off into several child blogs. Where each post for each ACS article has links to share the article on one of several social networking sites. Where scientists can now browse their favorite article on their iphones with ACSMobile. While perhaps late to the party in some areas, the American Chemical Society has certainly ‘logged on' to web 2.0 as a way to export content to the web-savvy scientist.
Plus, we have our own Mitch, a one-man walking encapsulation of web 2.0. His most successful application is, in my opinion, the chemical forums, which typically sees between 8,000 and 11,000 visitors per day. This blog seems to be a big hit, and his ChemFeeds is a one-stop source for your aggregated list of your favorite journals' graphical abstracts. All this innovation on Mitch's part earned him an interview with David Bradley (of ScienceBase) in his chemistry WebMagazine, Reactive Reports.
There's also the Chemistry Reddit as another outlet of chemistry news and notes.
In the inaugural issue of Nature Chemistry, the Nature Publishing Group recounted how they have completely bought into web 2.0 as a means of science communication – each issue of Nature Chemistry even features a roundup of their favorite posts from the chemical blogosphere (which reminds me, to the left, Mitch has also created an aggregated rss feed of several popular chemistry blogs).
And, of course, web 2.0 in the sciences has been discussed in the blogs several times over the years. We have over 3 pages of posts categorized Web 2.0, mostly Mitch's posts on new web 2.0 platforms he's developed. Jean-Claude Bradley writes about web 2.0 in response to a very interesting post at Nascent, a blog from the folks at Nature.
So, all of these prove that web 2.0 has been talked about many times in the context of science. Has it worked? With the exception of blogs, sadly I'm inclined to say no. At least not yet. And even with blogs (with the possible exception of All Things Metathesis, and In the Pipeline, though Derek isn't allowed to talk about his work b/c of intellectual property issues), not a lot of academic or industry leaders are prone to blogging. It's not like we're reading Phil Baran's blog and getting inside his head on a daily basis.
Sure, there is a subculture of people who are active on the web 2.0 scene, but it surely hasn't taken off as a medium for all chemists to enjoy. It theoretically should. Chemists are always benefited from communal sharing of results and information. But there are still (and probably always will be) people who seem reluctant to join the new technological paradigm. I like the way Timo Hannay words it in his post on Nascent,
“But it's not up to the doubters to ‘get it', it is up to those of us who support these developments to demonstrate their value. And if we can't then they don't deserve to be adopted and we don't deserve to be heard.”
Especially if there are people at the position of Editor-in-Chief for arguably the top chemistry magazine denouncing the web 2.0 movement, clearly it has a ways to go before it will be appreciated by all to the point where web 2.0 is ‘taken for granted,' where we don't even realize what we're doing when we post results and opinions via web 2.0 technologies.
Let's get moving!
For the last two years, one of the most difficult challenges I've faced during competitions has been focusing on my bouts. On the one hand, you don't want to focus so hard that you start thinking too deeply about every action you're doing as you are on the strip. On the other hand, you don't want to suddenly snap out of a daze and realize you have no idea where you are, whether you ate anything that day, or even which hand you fence with (which unfortunately has actually happened to me). What I've discovered is that a lot of your mindset during the day is influenced by your preparation beforehand.
This season, my coach brought in a sports hypnotism specialist. At first, I thought the idea was absurd. However, I would say that at least 50% of fencing, if not more, has to do with the mental condition and attitude you bring to each point. While some of the techniques I learned from the hypnotism were beneficial, not everything was to my liking. At the very least, though, using hypnotism techniques helped me evaluate how I like to prepare myself for a day of competition. I figured I would share a few of the things that work for me, in the order of my typical tournament schedule.
1) Wake up with a lot of time to spare.
This can be especially hard for collegiate fencers. We're used to waking up five minutes before class and sprinting there with a cup of coffee in hand. I've noticed similar occurrences when my teammates head to the venue or the bus to get to the venue. Waking up at 6 AM or even more ungodly hours can be a pain in the ass, but giving yourself time to shake off the cloud of drowsiness is extremely important.
2) Eat a gradual breakfast.
I've never been one for breakfast, but it's really important to make sure you have eaten something before you fence: firstly, so that you don't pass out, and secondly because it has an effect on your mental well-being, too. Some people load up on food all at once, but I prefer to eat a bunch of small things as I wake up, otherwise the food will make me feel a bit gross as I think about the prospect of physical activity before I can fully digest. This step is completely my personal preference, but it is highly recommended that you eat something before you compete.
3) Think positively about the day.
This step contains some of the stuff I learned through hypnotism methods. Only “thinking positive” isn't good enough. You have to think about times when you have been successful in the past, not even necessarily during fencing, and how you can achieve it again. Envision yourself winning. But don't make this a chore. Open up your imagination and subsequently feel your mind opening up to its full potential. I usually do this when I'm in the shower, eating, or traveling to my competition- times when I am still very relaxed and not worried about anything yet. Imagining the day going well will help you when you actually start fencing.
4) Put yourself in “the zone”.
This is different from thinking positively in that you try to get your body into its reactive mode. This is something I've discovered mostly by myself. You don't want to have to think about anything except your strategy during bouts, so try and pump yourself up to feel purely physical before and during your warm-up. A lot of people put on some music in order to achieve this effect, but it is different for every person. I like to go warm up away from everyone else so that I'm not distracted. The longer I am around anyone else right before getting in “the zone”, the less easily I am able to focus on myself for the whole day.
5) Boost team morale.
A step that is unique to competing on a team. It's important to make sure your teammates have your back, and vice versa. After all, they are probably the ones who will help you during timeouts, and they are definitely there to cheer you on. So after you get in the zone, reconvene with your teammates/squadmates and do a few stretches or warm-up exercises together, and talk about what you hope to accomplish for the day. This furthers the individual positive thoughts as well as increases team spirit. It also reminds you of your mindset during practices, which is where you've been working on the skills you need to use during your bouts.
These are the steps I follow to make sure my day goes well. Depending on the competition, not all of these are feasible, but I try to follow the outline as best as I can. Positive thinking is the most important part, and it is the easiest to do. Once you have a positive outlook for the day, a lot of the other steps will follow.
There are a lot of similar techniques that you can use during bouts as well, which I may detail in a later post. But for now, you get a look into how my tournamornings usually go (… and I should probably stop with the tournament puns). Do you have any pre-tournament habits or tips that ensure success? Feel free to add anything that you think is important!
A Glenwood woman is facing charges in the death of her 8-year-old daughter.
According to the Mills County Attorney's Office, 34-year-old Misty Frazier is charged with child endangerment resulting in death and distributing a drug to a minor without a prescription. The charges stem from an October 2016 incident where first responders were called to Glenwood for an unresponsive 8-year-old female.
The girl was taken to Jennie Edmundson Hospital in Council Bluffs, where she was pronounced dead. After an initial autopsy, the Mills County Attorney's Office opened an investigation into the incident. Frazier was arrested Monday.
Authorities say the girl, Kathleen Tafta, died after having a drug-related seizure. Court documents show investigators allege “Frazier gave her daughter non-prescribed Amitriptyline pills over a prolonged period of time.”
(Reporting by Ryan Matheny, KMA, Shenandoah)
WARNING: The video embedded below contains images some may find upsetting. Viewer discretion is advised.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SALT LAKE CITY – A hateful poster at the University of Utah has prompted reactions from the school administration as well as the local chapter of the NAACP.
Someone posted two fliers on campus with language claiming that black people are responsible for rape, crime and murder.
The University of Utah says both posters were removed by the time officials were made aware of them, and campus police are investigating the incident.
Jeanetta Williams with the Salt Lake branch of the NAACP says racism like this ends up hurting everyone.
"If folks think that they're hurting blacks, they're not hurting blacks, they're hurting the entire state of Utah, because other people don't want to move here,” she said. “You see businesses that don't want to move here, because of race relations."
The flier comes from a website that the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as a hate group.
The University released this statement regarding the incident:
Callimachus, librarian of Alexandria, once said “A big book is a big evil.” Today most publishers will not look at a book of anything less than novel sized from an unknown author. The thinking seems to be that a slim book must be slight in every way. Here are ten of the best books that are what my teacher used to call ‘one-sit reads.' Disclaimer – Length of time you are willing to sit may vary depending on patience and comfort of seat.
10 The Old Man and the Sea Earnest Hemingway
This was the book which won Hemingway the Pulitzer and Nobel Prizes. Not bad for a book which comes in at around 110 pages. It tells the story of an old Cuban fisherman, Santiago, who has not caught anything for 84 days. This streak is so bad that his devoted assistant, Manolin, has been forced to take other work. On the 85th day, the fisherman takes his boat out to new waters and lets his bait go deep. When a gigantic marlin bites, it becomes a bodily struggle between the old man and the fish. Hemingway denied putting explicit symbolism in his works, preferring to let readers find their own meaning. The ability of the work to support multiple interpretations has made it popular with the public ever since its publication.
9 The Stranger Albert Camus
This is another work by a Nobel laureate, but of a completely different sort than the bluff, manly works of Hemingway. The Stranger tells the story of a man, Meursault, who's mother has just died. At her funeral he displays no emotion. He then becomes involved in assisting a friend in getting revenge on the friend's supposedly unfaithful girlfriend. The turns of this plot of revenge will lead to Meursault, for no obvious reason, shooting a man dead. Meursault's indifference and atheism infuriate everyone and he is sentenced to death. Waiting to die Meursault considers the coldness of the universe but comes to find comfort in the ‘gentle indifference of the world.' A deeply philosophical work, it may take more sitting and thinking than one's buttocks can take in a single session to fathom out the meaning.
8 Animal Farm George Orwell
Called a fairy story by Orwell, Animal Farm is an allegory for totalitarian regimes of the 1930s, particularly the Stalinist regime of the Soviet Union. In a hundred or so pages Orwell charts a revolution on Manor Farm where the animals drive out their human overlords, and how the Utopia they seek to create is driven astray. The story is not easy reading as every member of society comes under attack for allowing totalitarianism to rise; the unthinking sheep who follow every new diktat, the pigs who turn everyone's work to their benefit, the intellectual donkey who sees what is happening and does nothing, and the hardworking horse who trusts blindly in the people in charge. These are all too human mistakes.
7 All Quiet on the Western Front Erich Maria Remarque
All Quiet on the Western Front is the story of the lost generation of boys who went off to fight in the First World War. Narrated by Paul Bäumer it tells of the disconnection men who fought feel from their lives before the war, and the uncomprehending people who wait at home for them. Before the war, the boys are puffed up on patriotism and the epics of Homer, and pushed into enlisting by men too old to fight themselves. As the war goes on, all of Bäumer's friends are killed and he finds he no longer cares about the future. The book ends with a message reporting “Nothing new in the west.” All the deaths and stories the book tells are reduced to one line for the people for whom these men ostensibly died for.
6 The Sorrows of Young Werther Johann von Goethe
This book sparked a wave of suicides when first published, so best to wait until you are feeling stable before reading it. The story is told in letters between a temperamental young man, Werther, and his more settled friend. Werther is a romantic person with a love of drawing and poetry, though his father pushes him to take up a profession. While living in the country he becomes enamored with Charlotte, his Lotte, despite her being engaged. This love consumes Werther, and when Lotte's fiancé, and later husband, Albert forces Werther to leave them alone, it pushes Werther to suicide. Dressed in the suit in which he first met Lotte, he shoots himself. Goethe, whose other works were on far grander scales and themes, came to dislike being associated just with Werther. But late in life he admitted that he thought it would be bad for a person not to have felt as Werther did, at least once.
5 The Picture of Dorian Gray Oscar Wilde
The Picture of Dorian Gray is the sort of book you would expect from Wilde. It is packed with wit and overflows with sumptuous detail. It tells the story of Dorian Gray, a sweet young man of money, who is corrupted by the world. Or is he corrupted by himself? When Dorian's angelic face is captured flawlessly in paint he wishes that it was the painting which would age and that he could stay forever the same. As Dorian descends into sin and vice the toll of these is taken on the painting, where the face becomes cruel and twisted. Unable to look on the ruined picture Dorian hides it in his attic. Dorian makes an attempt to regain his innocence through good works but finds it hollow. In the end, he murders even the friend who loved him best and destroys the painting, breaking the wish which became a curse. To us the veiled hints at homosexuality are clear and the prim Victorians found this work upsetting to their sense of decency. If a book was upsetting to Victorian morality it is often worth a read, and that is certainly true of this one.
4 The Little Prince Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
The Little Prince is one of those children's books that offer a great read whatever your age. Deceptively simple in structure the book tells the story of a Prince who rules over an asteroid, and his adventures as he travels to Earth. The adults he meets ruling their own asteroids are comic masterpieces. There is a king who wishes to sentence the rat he suspects lives on his asteroid to death. However, he would also pardon the rat if he ever caught him; “For the economy's sake. There's only one rat.” Some find the end of the Prince's travels too much for young children, and some find it hard to understand even as adults.
3 A Clockwork Orange Anthony Burgess
Perhaps the most notorious book on this list, A Clockwork Orange was written in just three weeks, to earn money quickly. Burgess would later wish he had never written it, claiming it was misunderstood. The story is set in a dystopian future, and follows a gang of teenagers who revel in performing ‘ultra-violence.' The book does not hide from describing the terrible things done by the gang, and the narrator, Alex, speaks with a flat voice as though weary of everything. The book follows Alex's treatment for his addiction to violence, and how it affects his attempts to re-enter society. Definitely worth reading if you enjoyed the Kubrick film as, the book's final chapter changes the meaning of the story significantly.
2 Candide Voltaire
Candide is a young man raised under the influence of a teacher, Pangloss, who teaches that this is the best of all possible worlds, and all that happens is for the good. The book then proceeds to test this theory by subjecting the characters to the worst the world has to offer. Every page contains a new horror and should, by all rights, make for a very depressing book. Even after earthquakes, attempting hangings, beatings, impoverishment and disfigurement by syphilis, Pangloss clings to his optimism. Candide, however, learns his lesson that this is not the best of all possible worlds, but since it is the only world we have we must make do. As Candide says “We must tend our gardens.”
1 Night Elie Wiesel
Night is the account of what Wiesel experienced as a young boy in the Holocaust. Eliezer, Wiesel's stand-in for himself within the book, is a studious young Jew who wishes to learn all he can about the Kabbalah. Unfortunately, it is the Second World War and the Hungarian government is coming under pressure to restrict the rights of Jews. Night tells how Eliezer loses his mother and sister in the concentration camps. He comes to hate his father in the camp, as his father requires Eliezer to take care of him. The pious boy finds he can no longer believe in a god who would allow this to happen. Yet Eliezer survives the camps and must now reconcile what has happened with life after the Holocaust. Those who find Night too harrowing might be interested in Wiesel's other books, Dawn and Day.
