With all that food ready to be cooked on the grill or gobbled down before the Inner Harbor fireworks, today is perhaps not the most mouthwatering moment to mention that Baltimore has been listed as one of Earth's most rat-infested places.
That's what Animal Planet says in a new list of the Top 10 Worst Rat Cities in the World.
Baltimore ranked No. 3 – less genus-Rattus-plagued than New York City and Boston – but worse than either London or Deshnoke, India.
Though we can give you a mouthful about the size of rats in Charles Village or the history of their brethren in Highlandtown, we have no precise idea of how the satellite and cable TV channel came to its conclusions except to repeat what they had to say about “Baltimore's rat problem”:
. . . at one point, rats tunneled so intensely beneath a particular area of pavement that when garbage collectors drove over it, their truck sunk up to its axles. Rats in the vicinity took full advantage of the mishap and swarmed the truck, gorging on the garbage inside.
Baltimore also enjoys the dubious distinction of being a hotspot for rat-related research, beginning during World War II and continuing today, much of it carried out at Johns Hopkins University.
If there's any shred of truth behind this tunneling-rat-garbage-truck urban legend, we'd like to know about it.
Not to Cross the Jones Falls
From a 2009 story in The Brew, we can offer you the following history of the Baltimore Rattus:
English ships spread rats to North America sometime in the 1750s. By the American Revolution, when the port of Baltimore had a major storage facility for grain, brown rats had set up housekeeping here.
More than 200 years later, researcher Lynne C. Gardner-Santana's DNA analysis found that the city's founder rats had evolved into three genetically distinct populations: one within the early 19th century boundaries of the East Side, one within those early boundaries of the West Side, and another population spreading through a ring of communities, from Brooklyn to Govans, that once were suburbs but were annexed to the city in 1918.
The Jones Falls has isolated the East Side and West Side populations from one another for generations, Gardner-Santana said. “We thought that was interesting because they can swim,” she said. “But they won't cross the Jones Falls.”
The rankings in Animal Planet were as follows:
1. New York City
2. Boston
3. Baltimore
4. Chicago
5. New Orleans
6. Atlanta
7. London
8. Paris
9. Rat Island, The Aleutians
10. Deshnoke, India
And for more on the Baltimore sport of rat fishing:
The so-called Google barge, once envisioned as a floating showroom for Google Glass and other high-tech gadgets, is heading for a less glamorous future now that the structure on top of it is destined for the scrapyard.
It's a pitiful end for a great mystery that generated national attention when the strange-looking barge was towed into Portland Harbor last October.
Additional Images The Google barge was moved in July from Portland to Turner's Island Cargo Terminal in South Portland, where its four-story structure made of shipping containers was dismantled. 2013 Press Herald file photo/Shawn Patrick Ouellette
The barge carries 63 shipping containers arranged to create a four-story building. The structure was assembled in New London, Connecticut, and the barge was towed to Portland, where Cianbro Corp. was scheduled to do interior work on it, including the installation of undisclosed technology equipment.
Cianbro has never disclosed the identity of the barge's owner or its purpose. A similar mystery barge appeared on the waterfront in San Francisco last year. After some digging by reporters on both coasts, Google admitted that it had commissioned the barges to serve as “an interactive space where people can learn about new technology.”
When finished, the barge in Portland was to be towed to New York City and opened for an invitation-only crowd of hip and affluent urbanites.
Never mind.
On Wednesday, a tugboat towed the barge from Rickers Wharf Marine Facility in Portland and deposited it at Turner's Island Cargo Terminal in South Portland. Roger Hale, owner of the terminal, said the structure had been purchased by an unnamed “international barging company” and was being prepared to leave Portland for an ocean voyage to an undisclosed location.
The containers, though, will be disassembled at Turner's Island and scrapped, said Lance Hanna, deputy harbor master for Portland Harbor.
Cianbro never did much work on the barge, which had become a fixture on the waterfront.
Jessica Grondin, spokeswoman for the city of Portland, said the Google barge has been good for Portland's image because it linked Portland with San Francisco and high-tech innovation. A glorious departure after a successful Cianbro overhaul would have been nice, she said.
When told that the structure on the barge is heading to a scrapyard, she sounded deflated.
“Bummer,” she said. “I was hoping for something to come from this. Everybody was waiting to see what was actually going on.”
Still, the city made out financially, collecting $400,000 in property taxes on the barge while it sat in the harbor.
It's unclear why Google abandoned the project. The company did not reply to an email inquiry sent to its press office Thursday.
The 250-foot barge, registration number “BAL 0011,” has some real value. It would cost $4 million new, according to C&C Marine in Belle Chasse, Louisiana, which built both barges in 2011.
The building on the barge would have been expensive to assemble, said Chad Walton, owner of SnapSpace Solutions Inc. in Brewer, which converts shipping containers into modular buildings.
It's hard to imagine selling it all for scrap, Walton said. “It must have cost a fortune to put together a thing like that,” he said.
Meanwhile, the container in California, which in March was towed from San Francisco to Stockton, remains untouched, according to port director Richard Aschieris. He said By And Large LLC, the company that owns the barge and until recently owned the barge in Portland, is paid up on its $10,000 monthly dock fees through October.
Tom Bell can be contacted at 791-6369 or at:
[email protected]
Share
In the first four years of the Beatles ' recording career, from 1962-66, the Fab Four had released more than 30 singles and an armload of LPs. They had appeared in a couple of feature films, shown up repeatedly on televised variety shows and toured relentlessly. The Beatles, it seemed, were omnipresent.
And then, in August 1966, the trail went cold. That month, the Beatles put out Revolver , released “Yellow Submarine” as a single and played what they said would be their final concert in San Francisco's Candlestick Park. For the entirety of the fall of '66 and the beginning of the winter of '67, the band went quiet. No music, no movies, no concerts, no nothing.
With the band's timeline so firmly established in the minds of millions of Beatles fans, we know now that John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr were getting more experimental in the studio as they began to create what would become Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band . But at the time, nothing was certain. While unsubstantiated break-up rumors swirled, some music fans became disenchanted with the group. You need only watch a 1967 clip from American Bandstand to see how many teenagers in the audience thought the Beatles were has-beens.
To combat this, and get some Beatles music to the public, the band's record companies decided to line up a pair of new recordings as a double-a-sided single. In early '67, both Parlophone and Capitol made plans to release “Penny Lane” backed with “Strawberry Fields Forever.” Because of the group's attachment to the studio and reluctance to play live, the Beatles were directed to make film clips to accompany each song and promote the single.
Now, this wasn't a new practice for the band. In both 1965 and '66, the Beatles had made short film clips set to their new singles and b-sides, usually featuring the boys lip-synching and pretending to play to recordings. It was a way of getting the band on television without them actually having to travel and perform for the cameras.
Dick Clark Introduces the 'Strawberry Fields' Video
It was the same circumstance with “Penny Lane” and “Strawberry Fields Forever,” and yet, it was also different. The British Musicians Union had become sticklers about acts who “mimed” to their records on screen, and so the band took an alternate approach. On the recommendation of Beatle buddy Klaus Voorman, the lads hired Swedish director Peter Goldman to helm the shoot. Beatles assistant Tony Bramwell served as the film producer, and the pair came up with concepts for the clips.
“I was amazed to find that there was a ban in Britain which prevented the Beatles from miming to their record,” said Goldman, who has been inspired by Richard Lester and the band's work in A Hard Day's Night . “So I had to find settings and ideas which were sympathetic to their songs without turning them into comic actors.”
For “Strawberry Fields,” it was determined that the promotional film would be shot in late January in Knole Park, near Sevenoaks in Kent – about 20 miles outside of London. Bramwell found the location, because of something Voorman had suggested after listening to the Lennon/McCartney tune.
“Klaus Voormann came up with the idea of a strange instrument in a tree… so I had to find a site with a suitable tree, which was Knole Park,” he recalled. “We found a piano, ripped it up, and then spent ages going up and down the tree with miles and miles of the glittery string you use to wrap Christmas presents. We didn't have a storyline as such. We were just trying things out, like changing the speed of the camera, and running the film backwards.”
The psychedelic film experiments – like cutting from day to night and having Paul leap into the dead tree by playing the footage backwards – reflected the Beatles' studio experimentation on the song. The strange aesthetic would provide a window into the sort of music the band was exploring on its new recordings. One of those would be “Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite,” inspired by a poster that Lennon purchased in between takes of the “Strawberry Fields” promo.
Meanwhile, the “Penny Lane” clip took on a more nostalgic atmosphere. With the group unwilling to film at the actual Liverpool street, the musicians were filmed on London's Angel Lane in February. Footage of the Beatles' hometown was shot separately and edited in later. For the video's finale, the Beatles returned to Knole Park to ride horses past their instruments, then partake in a surreal meal at a fancy table.
“The ‘Penny Lane' one on the horses wasn't quite that exciting for me,” Starr recalled in The Beatles Anthology . “It was a bit real!”
Watch the Beatles' 'Penny Lane' Video
During filming for both clips in Kent, the cast and crew were surrounded by a bunch of local kids who had decided to skip school to witness the shoots. A couple of then-teenage attendees, shared their memories of the shoot with Kent Live , including the lax security, the agreeable Beatles and that Lennon kept singing, “Hey, hey, we're the Monkees .”
“I remember feeling as excited as I had ever felt, worrying a little about cutting school, but then thinking this may never happen again, so had to be done,” Trevor Nicholson, who was 12 at the time, recalled. “I think they smashed up the piano after the filming, so the schoolkids who were there swarmed over the bits to find a souvenir.”
Beatles devotees were almost as excited, and shocked, to see the band in the films when they hit the air. The twin clips made their U.S. debuts on March 11, 1967 when they were introduced by Dick Clark on American Bandstand (and subsequently shown on other, local music programs). The music had been out for a few weeks, but music fans hadn't gotten a look at the lads in a while.
“All the Beatles look completely changed: grown men with newly flourished facial hair including handlebar mustaches and flowing black coats,” remembered NPR 's Bob Boilen. As a 13-year-old, he was struck by “Lennon's new wire-rimmed glasses (which I'd later find the likes of at a flea market and wear).”
The way the Beatles' appeared in the “Strawberry Fields” clip would inspire how John, Paul, George and Ringo were drawn for the animated Yellow Submarine film. The only major change was the loss of McCartney's mustache.
But the “Penny Lane” and “Strawberry Fields Forever” promos had an impact that went far deeper than the Beatles' cartoon movie. These short films helped prepare audiences for Pepper and rock's embrace of psychedelia, both visual and aural. The non-narrative clips changed how bands would promote their music, leading – eventually – to the birth of the music video and MTV.
Later in 1967, the Beatles would return to Kent to film scenes for Magical Mystery Tour – a film project more infamous than the band's celebrated “Penny Lane” and “Strawberry Fields Forever” footage.
Beatles Albums Ranked
HAMILTON — Residents drawn outside by galvanizing screams used baseball bats to beat off a dog apparently mauling a man in the street, Wednesday night, but the man, believed by neighbours to be the dog's owner, was pronounced dead at the scene. A forensic pathologist has determined, however, that the dog attack is not the cause of death, police said.
The case has been turned over to the coroner for further investigation and Hamilton police did not elaborate on possible alternate causes.
While police and witnesses said the man collapsed after being attacked by the dog, the regional coroner told the Hamilton Spectator it is possible that what appeared to witnesses to be an attack could have been a response to the man's collapse, suggesting the dog was agitated over the collapse of his owner as opposed to trying to hurt him.
Witnesses though, said it looked like a mauling.
Shortly after 11 p.m., two men were walking a dog along Burton St., a short stretch in central Hamilton of mixed commercial and working-class homes, when the dog began to attack, police said.
The other man, who was holding the dog with a leash in hand, and a neighbour who came out with a bat to help, then fought to keep the dog off the man.
“All I heard was screams — screams like I've never heard before and he was screaming for help. He needed somebody,” said Earl Secord, 43, who lives on the street.
Adrian Humphreys / National Post
“He was on him ripping and tearing,” he said, sitting on his front step, looking down at the street, now taped off by police with evidence markers propped up around the pavement.
“He had his arms up, he was trying to protect his face but he was getting bit. What I have seen though is a lot of torso bites, up here like shoulder, neck area and his arms because he was trying to protect himself.
Secord said the efforts of other witnesses and the second man walking the dog were not enough to deter it from attacking the victim.
“The one guy come up with a baseball bat, took a swing, hit him once in the head; this dog just kind of ignored it, shook it off, kept going after the victim.
“The (other) guy did have a leash, he was trying to get him back on it but the dog had nothing to do with that.
“I ran back here I grabbed the phone, and I grabbed a bat myself. When I got back out the dog was still ripping him apart and the two guys were trying to get him off. He hit him again with a bat,” he said.
Secord expected it to all be over then. But the dog wouldn't stop. He said witnesses formed a “human shield” in front of the victim.
The man with the bat was screaming at the dog to stay back, saying, “You come near this man I'm gonna hit you and I'm gonna hit you again,” Secord said.
Secord was on the phone with police and holding his own bat when officers arrived. But the dog still seemed determined to get back to the man bleeding on the ground.
When officers arrived, Secord said they drew their guns and stood ready, facing the dog, but did not fire. Hamilton police Const. Steve Welton said the dog was apprehended and is now quarantined. An investigation continues.
Ambulance attendants tried to resuscitate him but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
“He wasn't screaming anymore, he wasn't moving, he was just laying there,” said Secord.
The dog, in custody of the city's Animal Services department, is a 20-pound sharpei-fila mix, city staff say.
Secord, who owns a large dog, said the animal's behaviour was unexpected.
“To me, the way that the dog acted, somebody had to train it to do that.”
The victim has not been identified by police.
HUNTSVILLE — An argumentative accused had the court looking into a mandatory psych assessment.
A 41-year-old Huntsville man was in court on April 12 after being charged in an assault last November. During his appearance, he repeatedly interrupted the Crown and judge, declared himself a ‘Judeo-Christian idiot', and requested the Queen appear so he could know who has the claim against him.
The matter began with Justice Wilson noting that the accused did not plan to hire a lawyer.
Crown attorney Lindsay Jeanes said that could pose an issue as it may mean the victim in the alleged assault would be cross-examined by the accused.
“Well can her majesty the Queen come here than or whoever 'R' is?”
“The allegations are, in a view, child abuse. They're somewhat on the significant side. Two issues arise — one is that the Crown will be making an application under section 486.3 …”
Before Jeanes could finish, the accused asked, “Could I get everyone to swear on the record please? Is she swearing on the record that everything she is saying is true?”
Justice Wilson explained the court processes.
“No she's not saying that at all,” said Justice Wilson. “She's not a witness. She's a member of the bar, an officer of the court and a Crown Attorney for this district and sir, when she stands up you sit down and when she sits down you stand up.”
A section 486.3 prevents an accused from personally cross-examining a specific witness who is under 18. In those cases, alternate counsel can be appointed to conduct the cross-examination.
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are more likely to be in a serious traffic accident, but medication may counteract that risk for some, according to a new study from Sweden.
Researchers found that people with ADHD are about 50 percent more likely to be in serious traffic accidents, compared to people without the condition.
But taking medication to control some of the symptoms may help reduce that increased risk - at least among men, according to the study's lead author.
“It has been known for a while that ADHD is associated with traffic accidents and traffic violations,” Zheng Chang said. But, he added, “there are no studies from the population level looking at ADHD medication.”
Chang is currently at the University of Oxford in the UK, but completed the research while at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm.
ADHD is a neurodevelopmental condition that results in people having trouble paying attention and controlling impulsive behaviors and being overly active, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The CDC says about 11 percent of children between four and 17 years old were diagnosed with ADHD as of 2011. The condition often lasts into adulthood.
For the new study, the researchers used data collected between 2006 and 2009 from 17,408 Swedish adults with ADHD.
During that time, there were about 214 serious accidents among every 10,000 men with ADHD each year. That compared to about 77 accidents per 10,000 men without ADHD.
There were also about 120 accidents for every 10,000 women with ADHD per year during the study, versus about 52 accidents per 10,000 women without ADHD.
The researchers write in JAMA Psychiatry that while they can't say why there appeared to be an increased risk of serious traffic accidents among people with ADHD, past research has attributed it to inattentiveness and impulsivity.
Next, the researchers compared driving data from people with ADHD who had a prescription for ADHD medication to those who weren't prescribed medication.
They found men who had a prescription were 29 percent less likely to be involved in a serious traffic accident.
To eliminate differences between the men included in the study, the researchers compared data from times when each man was on ADHD medication to times when the same man wasn't on medication.
In that analysis, men were 58 percent less likely to be in an accident while they were taking ADHD medication, compared to times when they weren't getting treatment.
For women, however, there was no difference in risk. Chang said the study may not have been able to pick up subtle differences, because fewer women were included.
Overall, the researchers said that between 41 percent and 49 percent of accidents among men with ADHD may have been prevented if they were on medication.
Chang told Reuters Health the findings may actually underestimate the risks of ADHD and the benefits of medication, because his team only looked at serious accidents.
“This is just the tip of the iceberg,” Daniel Cox said. “It's only reporting on accidents that resulted in the hospitalization of ADHD drivers.”
Cox was not involved with the study but has done research on traffic accidents among people with ADHD. He's also director of the Virginia Driving Safety Laboratory at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville.
He said the study can't say how many people who were prescribed ADHD medications were actually taking them.
“What it says is if you drive and have ADHD, you really have to think of this as something very different from a non-ADHD driver,” he said. “That it is a risk.”
Cox also said that not everyone with ADHD necessarily has an increased risk of accidents.
“We need to drill down and identify those at risk and focus on those,” he said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/P0ZWgC JAMA Psychiatry, online January 29, 2014.
Late Monday night, EsportsWikis founder “RheingoldRiver” announced site sponsor GAMURS will not be renewing contracts for the wiki's staff. EsportsWikis was launched about a year ago, when Azubu similarly ended its deal with River over Esportspedia, the predecessor to EsportsWikis.
The League of Legends EsportsWiki is an invaluable tool used by media, players, analysts, coaches and fans. It holds information not only about current seasons (including standings, schedules, stats, champion selection and transactions), but past seasons as well. Considering how user-unfriendly and devoid of meaningful information Riot's own Lolesports site is, parts of running The Rift Herald would be literally impossible without the wiki (we made this list of NA LCS MVP winners because Riot does not keep lists of winners of its own awards).
Don't just take my word for it. Riot on-air analysts Indiana “Froskurinn” Black and Martin “Deficio” Lynge both spoke publicly about the importance of the wiki in their work.
River and her staff are essential to prep and the only wiki that ever gets LPL timezones, rosters, and VoDs correct.https://t.co/mNBQhZG9GJ — Froskurinn (@Froskurinn) June 13, 2017
It's not just important for esports journalists and content creators; a resource like LoL EsportsWikis is vital for fans too. Fans flock to esports and traditional sports for the same reasons: excitement and wonder, for sure, but these events would be nothing without the narratives behind them. We can only learn the stories of players (and teams, and champions) from their past, and having records not just of how players did, but where they come from is vital to the future of this community.
Here's the problem: Maintaining the wiki apparently costs a boatload of money, and doesn't make much, according to GAMURS CEO Riad Chikhani.
To give transparency before our announcement tomorrow, GAMURS invested $270k into the wikis in 12mo. Revenue was just over $5k. — Riad Chikhani (@riad_chikhani) June 13, 2017
The only entity to which an investment of this size would make any sense is Riot Games, and I'm here to plead the powers that be in Santa Monica to consider investing in the project. This isn't just for the good of the fans, the coaches or even me (although, please, please, please) — it's for the good of the competitive League of Legends scene in general.
In traditional sports, the fanbases and appetites exist to a point where excellent resources like Baseball-Reference.com can exist without the intervention of Major League Baseball. LoL Esports is not yet at that point, and it's the responsibility of Riot Games to make sure its fans stay informed — for the good of the fans and the health of the esport.
League of Legends is on the precipice of what's next for the esport, whatever that may be. Continued growth has not yet equaled profitability in Riot's esports sector, but a massive streaming deal and the franchising of the NA LCS (both scheduled to start in 2018) may soon change that.
What Riot needs is loyal, informed fans. Fans who are able to quickly access any information they need to follow the games they love -- be it:
Transaction news (What player moves took place this offseason? When was Dennis “Svenskeren” Johnsen suspended, and for how long?)
Past results (When's the last time an NA team won an international competition? Who won the first split of LJL play?)
Player narratives and history (Which champion has Yiliang “Doublelift” Peng played the most in his career? When did Daerek “LemonNation” Hart and Hai Lam first start playing together? What was Team Liquid coach Jang "Cain" Nu-ri's playing career like?)
Champion narratives and history (When's the last time Aatrox was played in competitive play, and by whom? What were pro players building on Sivir in Season 5?).
None of that information is easily available on the official Lolesports website. For an organization hoping to build long-term fans centered around esports narratives, that's a major problem.
Sports fans are made from their connections to players and organizations. In League of Legends, fans are also made from their connections to the game and its champions. It is not enough for Riot to depend on the latter for its esports audience: it has to do more to provide the information necessary to serve the needs of the former.
Before you get there: yes, the wiki will cost a lot of money, and not immediately bring any profit to Riot. But it's not supposed to be a revenue stream. For esports fans, it's a public service, like a library or the fire department. Eventually, it will pay dividends for Riot (through informed and loyal fans), but it's important because it's the right thing to do, for the fans and for the future of the esport.
Because how can you try to build for a sport's future when you don't value or even document its past?
Physics researchers at the University of Warsaw have created an innovative soft robot that packs a powerful punch for its size. Despite being only 15 millimeters long, this powerful machine can carry loads up to 10 times larger than itself. While soft robots inspired by caterpillars have been designed before, it's been a challenge to build them at a natural scale due to the available parts simply being too large and inflexible.
That's where this robot is different. At first glance, it appears to simply be a thin, transparent piece of plastic. However, when exposed to light, the body contracts in a wave pattern which moves it forward. The secret to this motion is in the light-sensitive elastomer the robot is made of, which is aligned in a specific molecular pattern.
Related: Robo Raven Robot Can Flap its Wings Like a Real Bird
The researchers could even change the lighting conditions in order to make the robot perform a variety of different actions. Not only can it haul a cargo, but it can also crawl through small crevices and climb up slopes. The robot is further controlled with a spatially modulated laser beam.
Using what they've learned of new fabrication techniques and design strategies, the Warsaw team hopes to further develop the technology and create soft robots capable of swimming and even flying. Their findings have been published in the journal Advanced Optical Materials.
+ Faculty of Physics University of Warsaw
Via Engadget
Images via FUW and coniferconifer
Italy earthquake: Cats pulled alive from ruins two weeks after disaster
Updated
Two cats have been pulled from the ruins of Italy's deadly earthquake more than two weeks after the disaster which claimed nearly 300 lives.
In the town of Amatrice, the worst affected by the August 24 quake, firefighters rescued Pietro the cat after his owners, who came back to retrieve some belongings, heard him meowing weakly.
Dehydrated and weak, he was taken into the care of vets.
Meanwhile in the nearby hamlet of Illica, another cat called Giorgiana was plucked from a ruined house.
Her owners were killed in the quake but their daughters, who survived, asked animal welfare group Oipa to look for their three cats.
After a series of unsuccessful attempts, Oipa volunteers leaving food and calling the cat were surprised to hear at long last a quiet meowing.
Freed by firefighters, Giorgiana was weak and dehydrated but alive.
Last week firefighters pulled a golden retriever called Romeo alive from the rubble of his owners' house in the village of San Lorenzo a Flaviano, more than nine days after he was given up for dead.
AFP
Topics: disasters-and-accidents, animals, earthquake, italy
First posted
The Shura Council of the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan condemned on Thursday Jordanian participation in the US-led coalition against ISIL, as well as the announcement that Jordanian forces targeted ISIL in Ar-Raqqa.
Jordanian newspaper Assabeel reported a statement from the Muslim Brotherhood calling the Jordanian participation in the coalition and targeting ISIL in Syria as a “contradiction with Jordan's interests.”
The Shura Council considered “the real terrorism that of Zionism, not that of the groups being fought by the US.”
According to the statement the Muslim Brotherhood stressed that the origins of extremism are the corruption and autocracy practiced by the oppressing regimes. This, the Muslim Brotherhood said, is what led to us refusing them as they contradict Islam, a religion that offers a “great model” for freedom, citizenship, coexistence and social peace.
Meanwhile, the Shura Council condemned arresting a number of citizens and Muslim Brotherhood leaders and turning them in to State Security courts, with the claim that they are planning to undermine the country's regime, in order to justify their arrest and punishment.
The Shura Council also discussed the Western-Iranian coalition with a number of Arab regimes and the conspiracy of this coalition against the peaceful revolution in Yemen. It described this conspiracy as a military coup similar to the one carried out in Egypt.
As a solution the Muslim Brotherhood suggested lifting all restrictions on the freedom of all nations so that people can freely choose their representatives. “This is guaranteed in God's religion,” the Muslim Brotherhood statement said.
Declining corporate profits are causing states to lower their revenue estimates ahead of the new fiscal year, as federal forecasters predict American corporations will earn even less money next year.
States across the country lowered their original estimates of the corporate tax revenue they expect to generate this year by about 1 percent for fiscal year 2016, which ended in July.
ADVERTISEMENT
And states are expecting another 1 percent decline in the current fiscal 2017, according to the National Association of State Budget Officers (NASBO).
The declining profits will hit some states especially hard, including those that depend most on revenue generated by the oil and gas sectors.
Alaska has revised its revenue forecast down 24 percent. Louisiana and North Dakota, two major energy-producing states, expect to generate about half the revenue from corporate profits they once anticipated.
“The exposure to the energy sector in some of these states has led to an important impact on overall revenues,” said Dan Seymour, an analyst at Moody's Investors Services who examined the new data.
Of the 45 states that levy a tax on corporate incomes, Moody's found 31 states expecting declining revenues ahead.
John Hicks, executive director of the NASBO, said lower corporate profits won't necessarily blow a major hole in state budgets. States rely on corporate tax revenue for about 6 percent of their total general funds, while about three-quarters of those funds come from sales and personal income taxes.
But, Hicks warned, a number of states also posted lower personal income tax receipts than expected in the final few months of the year — numbers that reflect the influence that lower corporate profits can have on the broader economy.
“A lot of the reason” for the drop-off in personal income tax receipts, Hicks said, “was assigned to the 2015 performance of the stock market.”
At the federal level, the Congressional Budget Office estimates corporate income taxes will fall by $44 billion, or about 13 percent, in fiscal 2016, thanks to an omnibus appropriations measure passed in 2015 that made permanent tax deductions for certain investments.
Not every state that relies heavily on corporate income taxes will see a decline: New Hampshire, a state with no personal income tax, relies on corporate taxes for about 28 percent of its general fund revenue. The state expects to see corporate tax revenue grow by nearly 13 percent once final numbers from the 2016 fiscal year are in.
Rebounding energy prices are likely to help corporate tax revenues return to a growth trend, Seymour said.
Moody's isn't ready to call declining corporate profits an early indicator of an economic slump ahead, he said, because corporate profits don't always correlate with broader economic indicators.
“There are periods where there is sort of a puzzling disconnect between the overall economy and corporate income tax,” Seymour said.
Close
In this year's Paris Motor Show, the automobile industry's future seems to swerve along the trenches of electric cars, if the biennial auto show proves any legitimate consumer forecast. In Paris where the show was held, electric vehicles occupied a large foreground space, more than that of luxury cars and diesel-fueled vehicles.
Much of the hype surrounding this year's Paris Motor show accounted to car models latching onto the trend of green energy, which is a more efficient, non-pollutant solution for those who who wish to avail a car while trying their best to avoid straining the environment because of carbon emissions. That said, the auto show almost likened the diesel cars as bit players in the midst of news coverage of the event, which tightened its focus substantially on electric cars.
"Crossovers and vehicle electrification are again expected to be key reveals at the event," said Ian Fletcher, principal analyst of U.K. based financial services company IHS Markit. He noted that the trend is a conflation of consumer demand in proportion to the number of crossovers being unveiled, and zero-emission factors.
Despite notable no-shows this year, several carmakers are using the auto show as an opportunity to show off their new automotive electric cars.
Volkswagen yanked its lineup of luxury cars from the auto show as a cost-cutting attempt after its emissions scandal and is set to unveil a compact smart electric car as part of its ongoing shift to develop more electric models. It has vowed to release more than 30 all-electric models by 2025, and to sell 2 to 3 million of them annually. Its new electric car is touted as the company's breeding ground and base design for electric cars it plans to develop in the future.
Mercedes-Benz is also expected to showcase a new SUV that will directly compete with Tesla's Model X. Tesla, Elon Musk's electric car company, is not exactly disrupting the industry with record-breaking profits, but it has garnered enough notice and popularity among consumers and carmakers alike, noting that many customers opt for a Tesla. Mercedes-Benz will also show the AMG GT R, AMG GLC43 Coupe, GLC350e Coupe, AMG GT and GT C Roadster. Additionally, it's set to showcase an electric vehicle concept it calls "a concrete vision of a totally new generation of vehicles with battery-electric drive."
Opel, a subsidiary of General Motors Co. has the Ampera-e to show off, the European counterpart to Chevrolet Bolt that delivers an all-electric range of about 383 kilometers (238 miles).
BMW will also show its 3 Series Gran Turismo four-door and its new electric models, named i3 and i8 Protonic Dark Silver special edition model. It's also set to show an X2 concept SUV, expected to go into full production in late 2017.
Here is a comprehensive list of key debuts:
Production Cars
- Audi Q5
- Audi A5 coupe, A5 Sportback
- BMW i8 Spyder, i8 coupe
- Ferrari LaFerrari Aperta
- Ferrari GTC4Lusso variant
- Honda Civic hatchback, Civic Type R
- Hyundai i30
- Infiniti QX50
- Kia Rio
- Land Rover Discovery
- Mercedes-Benz E-class All Terrain
- Mercedes-AMG GT Roadster/GT C
Roadster
- Nissan Micra
- Opel Ampera-e
- Porsche Panamera, Panamera
Plug-in hybrid
- Smart ForTwo EV
- Smart ForFour EV
Concept Cars
- BMW X2
- Lexus UX
- Mercedes-Benz electric crossover
- Mitsubishi GT-PHEV Concept
- Volkswagen EV
With companies skipping the Paris Motor Show altogether, the prolific dominance of electric vehicles in this year's auto show harks back to the general significance of the auto show in this era where we have the internet as a primary tool for carmakers to disseminate information, building hype for a cost far less than that involved in the logistics of participating in a show. It's a question of the auto show going beyond a stereotypical luxury frenzy for rich consumers into an innovative showcasing platform, where even the uninitiated can participate and learn all about what's the next thing for cars.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
This dumb idea blew up in her face.
A college dropout spent an entire school year convincing her mom she was still enrolled to keep collecting her tuition money — and even invited the family to Graduation Day to keep the ruse alive.
Danielle Shea, 22, wore a cap and gown for the big day at Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Conn., and arrived at the outdoor ceremony with the beaming grads.
But Shea, of Quincy, Mass., was not prepared to be told in front of her mom and other relatives that she was not on the ticket list — and in an act of complete desperation, she stepped away and phoned in two bomb threats to shut the whole thing down, cops said.
“She panicked,” Hamden Police Capt. Ron Smith said. “The mother started questioning school officials, and they said she was not enrolled.”
Shea allegedly used her own cellphone to call in the first threat at around 5:45 p.m. on Sunday, telling police there was a “bomb in the library” near the campus quad.
“After 17 minutes had passed and she didn't see anyone evacuating, she called in another bomb threat,” Smith said.
In the second call, she warned that “several bombs are on campus” and said: “You haven't cleared out graduation. That's not a good idea.”
No devices were found, but the graduates were moved to the TD Bank Sports Center a mile away as a precaution.
Cops traced the calls to Shea's phone and found her at the arena.
Shea immediately confessed, telling cops that there were no bombs and that she was embarrassed about being exposed in front of her family, Smith said.
She was arraigned Monday in Superior Court in Meriden on charges of first-degree threatening and falsely reporting an incident.
Judge Philip Scarpellino said Shea had spent an entire year “hoodwinking” people, adding, “I'm understanding that the whole year was a lie.”
He set a $10,000 bond even though prosecutors had not asked for bail, and her family put the money up to get her out.
“No comment,” her mom said as she shielded her daughter.
Shea had been a student at the private college — where tuition, room and board top $55,000 a year — until May 2013, spokesman John Morgan confirmed.
She had even made dean's list.
But she left before the current school year started because she had a debt she couldn't pay, sources said.
“She was living in Hamden, and she was working, trying to save money for her senior year,” Smith said.
“Her mother was sending her money that she believed was for tuition. What she was doing with that money, I don't know.”
Her mother was “shocked, in total shock,” he added.
The threats delayed the start of the ceremony for the College of Arts and Sciences by an hour and a half.
Morgan said the delay caused a “major disruption. People had to get in their cars and drive up [to the athletic arena], but they did it very calmly.”
BOSTON -- A police officer has been suspended without pay for posting a racially offensive video online, CBS Boston reports.
Officer Joseph DeAngelo, a four-and-a-half year member of the force who patrols the Roxbury area, admitted to crafting the crude video depicting another officer with the tag line: "This summer, black people have met their match."
Boston police became aware of the video on June 8 and initially suspended the officer seen in the video. They later learned he was unaware that his image was being used and was reinstated with the department.
"DeAngelo came forward and owned up to making the video meant to spoof his buddy and fellow officer," Commissioner William Evans said. "He will undergo significant sensitivity and unconscious bias restraining."
The department consulted with members of the black community and agreed upon a punishment -- a one-year suspension with six months to serve.
"For two weeks, we sought input from a lot of groups on what the appropriate punishment would be," Evans said. "We don't tolerate this type of behavior."
Superintendent in Chief William Gross says DeAngelo's embarrassment and remorse was clear.
"Not once did I ever hear from him, 'I'll do anyting to save my job,'" Gross said. "But, what we heard from him is, 'I want to show everybody I'm not a racist'."
DeAngelo later wrote a letter of apology to the department.
The incident remains under investigation.
When events at Yale University and the University of Missouri propelled college politics to national news, many conservatives were caught off guard by the power of “political correctness.” To those familiar with the works of C.S. Lewis, however, these events were of little surprise. Lewis's The Abolition of Man explains both the confusion and the radical ideology on campuses today, and how Americans should respond to these dire threats.
What's Happening on College Campuses?
In the September issue of The Atlantic, social psychologist Jonathan Haidt and Greg Lukianoff, president and CEO of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, described a peculiar movement on college campuses, which they named “vindictive protectiveness.”
Haidt and Lukianoff cite Harvard Law Professor Jeannie Suk, who wrote in The New Yorker about law students demanding their professors not even teach rape law -- and in one weird case even to avoid using the word “violate” (as in “that violates the law”) -- because it may cause students distress. This culture of overreaction is being institutionalized, as demonstrated by demands for the resignation of Yale's Silliman College masters Erika and Nicholas Christakis for an allegedly insensitive email about Halloween costumes.
As Haidt and Lukianoff explain, “a claim that someone's words are ‘offensive' is not just an expression of one's own subjective feelings of offendedness. It is, rather, a public charge that the speaker has done something objectively wrong.”
The idea of “microaggressions” -- small actions or word choices that seem to have no malicious intent but are thought of as a kind of violence nonetheless -- twists the objective idea of being “offensive” into a subjective charge on behalf of someone claiming to be offended. Some campus guides denounce as a microaggression the very act of asking an Asian American or Latino American “Where were you born?” because this implies that that person is not a real American.
The craziness of this new morality may seem unprecedented, but C.S. Lewis warned of something similar in his 1944 book The Abolition of Man.
The Abolition of Man
Lewis wrote The Abolition of Man to warn people about the corrosive effects of subjective morality. He starts out by attacking a children's book which teaches that judgments of value are not objective, but only statements about the speaker's feelings.
By contrast, Lewis argues that morality is fundamental to humanity. He traces the principles of conscience, the reasoning behind calling something “right” or “wrong,” throughout different cultures and religions, from ancient Rome to Christianity, to Hinduism, and Buddhism. While many attacks this “traditional morality,” it is the building block for all moral values, and such principles as the Golden Rule -- “do as you would be done by” -- are nearly universal among men.
Lewis admits that this universal moral law has many aspects and can be improved -- as with the discovery that slavery is wrong and the movement to abolish it -- but says that any attempt to build morality on a separate basis will fail.
Nevertheless, teachers -- and especially university professors and students -- try to present new moralities, more “in fashion with the times.” To this, Lewis responds, “There has never been, and never will be, a radically new judgement of value in the history of the world.”
While some people may argue (for instance) that a man may steal from his neighbor if he will otherwise starve to death, they are not really ignoring conscience but focusing on one aspect of universal morality while minimizing another. “What purport to be new systems [of morality] all consist of fragments from [conscience] itself, arbitrarily wrenched from their context in the whole and then swollen to madness in their isolation,” Lewis explains.
Nevertheless, even these “alternate moralities” rely on conscience to give them validity. The "vindictive protectiveness" on college campuses may trample on free speech or the pursuit of truth, but it does so in the name of conscience, which warns people not to harm others. This morality is not, strictly speaking, a new morality, but a twisted form of the original. It is not amoral or evil, but warped and mistaken.
“Vindictive protectiveness” minimizes the value which traditional morality (and arguably conscience itself) places on the pursuit of truth. To nearly all scholars who have gone before, the pursuit of truth is worth being offended or having your feelings hurt. Students today seem to disagree.
Views of justice provide further evidence that “vindictive protectiveness” is a warped morality. In the name of equality, campus culture elevates the importance of some groups over others, and silences dissenting opinions in favor of groups that are seen as “underprivileged.”
Next Page: How did we get here?
Props: Fighters Only
Quoteworthy:
"Yes [a loss at UFC 115 would be the end of Chuck Liddell's career], and I think he will say the same thing. But let me tell you what the difference is - the difference before, when I wanted him retired, was that he wasn't doing the right thing. He was out partying every night and doing the wrong thing not the right thing. He wasn't living the life of a professional athlete... He and I sat down and talked and I will tell you what, he has kept his word. He has been phenomenal shape since the beginning of The Ultimate Fighter and it will be interesting to see how he does. Because Rick Franklin is tough, he is no joke. He had that war with Dan Henderson that many people believe he won, he had the war with Wanderlei Silva - he has fought all the best in the world."
Sound familiar? Well, that's because it is. But, Mr. White wants everyone to know that he isn't bluffing this time around. If Liddell loses this weekend at UFC 115 against Rich Franklin, that's a wrap. Dana points to the difference in "The Iceman's" approach the game for this fight as opposed to others in the past as the reason a defeat here, when Chuck's in the best possible shape he can be, would mark the end of his illustrious career. I think. I'm pretty sure. Maybe not. So, what say you? If Liddell goes down this Saturday night, does he live to fight again? Or, is Dana for real this time? Will he demand the end of one of the greatest MMA careers of all time? What are your thoughts?
The Urgent Genius Weekender will see more than 100 teams drawn from top media companies see who can spread their message the furthest
"News-jacking" – piggy-backing on a trend or breaking news item to promote a message – is now seen as a crucial way to gain publicity. This weekend it also becomes a sport.
More than 100 teams drawn from communications companies, artists and advertising consultancies – including Google, M&C Saatchi and a New Yorker cartoonist – are to go head to head in a worldwide race to see who can spread their message furthest.
The Urgent Genius Weekender competition has been launched by iris worldwide, a creative consultancy. Its social media expert, Jon Burkhart, said that competition entries could include pictures, photographs, graphics, games or films, but must be "seeded" on the internet by 7pm tomorrow.
"We want to create crack units of real-time content-makers who supplement ad campaigns with ideas that help brands find their own voice in hot-topic conversations," said Burkhart.
Preparation for the race began on Friday when seven rival British teams met for a briefing on a secret "topic of global interest" at 6pm. Teams taking part in other countries were also briefed remotely and then, at 7pm, all the competitors – drawn from companies such as Google, Firecracker Films (producer of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding) and advertising agencies BBH and DDB – were challenged to come up with the winning content.
In order to go on to win the race, entrants now have to generate more internet traffic than anyone else. The amount of interest online will be measured by the judges in terms of the number of "likes, shares and views" each entrant can attract in the seven days following the competition's launch.
The work that is judged to be the best will be showcased later in the year and then displayed in a book celebrating the competition. The results of the Urgent Genius contest will be adjusted using a formula developed to take into account each competitor's established networks, in an attempt to allow individual "lone rangers" to compete on a level playing field.
The importance of "news-jacking" is growing in the advertising industry in an age when the end of conventional advertising on television and in newspapers is widely predicted. The shift to online news products and the move away from scheduled television viewing both make it much harder for advertisers to reach the right audience. Yet media experts have also been forced to admit that, as technology changes fast, new ways of reaching potential customers or clients are easy to miss.
Simple "product placement", or even "going viral", are no longer enough. Advertisers need to understand the way to boost interest in a corporate message or in a political campaign by attaching it to something that already has a topical following.
"News-jacking" can be called many things, from "issue-jumping" to "trend-tagging", but it always involves publicists responding at speed to a window of opportunity. Recent examples of images or ideas that have circled the globe on the back of a new trend or hot topic of discussion include last summer's craze for downloading the voice of an ex-American footballer from an Old Spice advertisement. When the original aftershave commercial began to make an impact on Twitter, the company quickly put out custom-made videos for social media users. At least 120 videos were posted on YouTube over 24 hours, while the star, Isaiah Mustafa, busily replied to hundreds of tweets, including many to famous Twitter users, such as the showbiz blogger Perez Hilton.
Old Spice suddenly became YouTube's most popular sponsored channel to date, accruing 40 million views. A live "voicemail generator service" followed a day or two later, allowing users to tailor their own messages. When the public logged on to the right site, Mustafa, or "the Old Spice guy", would customise a message for their voicemail.
Another successful commercial campaign followed Kraft Foods' decision to hire a homeless American man called Ted Williams as the voice of their products, after Williams had given an eccentric online interview to a local news site in Ohio that quickly went viral.
Do you ever wonder where your money goes? That is not good. If you don't know where your money is going, you are probably spending more than you need to be. When you don't keep track of your money, you never really know how much you have. If you don't know that you are broke or going broke, you won't think twice when you blow a dollar here or there, or 20 dollars here or there.
By keeping a budget, you will always know where your money is going. You will know how much you have spent where and you will hopefully not go broke, as long as you do it right. It sounds like something that will accomplish so much for you will be difficult and tedious. It's easy to set up a budget, and once you have, it's not hard or tedious to maintain.
Credit Cards or Cash
First, you need to figure out your monthly fixed expenses. Gather together all your bills that are always the same. This includes your mortgage or rent, utilities, insurance, credit card payments, car payments, and any others that don't change.
Next, figure out your variable monthly expenses and try to estimate them. These expenses will include gas, food, and anything else that you have to spend money on every month but that is never exactly the same. Try to overestimate these expenses a little to allow for error. Prices are always increasing, so you will have to adjust these expenses over time.
Monthly Expenses
Add up all of your expenses for the month. These should not include what you spend on entertainment and anything extra. Those expenses we will decide later, depending on how much money you have left to spend. Add up your expenses and subtract them from your monthly income. How much money do you have left? If you have a lot, of course that is great, but don't think that is all fun money. You need to save some. Whether you are saving for vacation, building an emergency fund, college, or retirement, you must save. An emergency fund is a very good idea. It will relieve a lot of stress for you when you know you have backup money for emergency expenses such as medical or car situations, or job loss.
Putting Money Aside
Once you put aside money for bills and general monthly expenses and savings, you can decide how much you can spend on fun and entertainment. First, decide what it is you do for fun, what you really enjoy and what you could do without. If you aren't sure how much you normally spend, keep track of what you spend your money on for 2 to 4 weeks. Then you will have an idea of how much you need.
If you find that you spend more than you have, look where you can cut back. Do you spend $3 or more on coffee every day? That could be costing you up to sixty dollars or more every month. Try making your own for a much cheaper price. Also, stop spending money at vending machines and overpriced shops. If you are big shopper, you might find that you really can't afford to be spending hundreds of dollars on new clothes anymore. If you are way overspending, you will need to go on a money diet.
Once you have decided how much you can spend each month, stick to that plan. Stretch out the money so that you don't spend it all in the first week. If you save it for the first three weeks, you will have extra money to spend at the end of the month and it can feel like a shopping spree. After cutting back and finding ways to save, you might find that you could cut back your entertainment fund and save even more money for important things.
The Painkillers That Could Actually CAUSE Chronic Pain
Long-term effects of short-term pain relief could be startling.
Painkilling opioids like morphine could actually prolong pain rather than reduce it, according to new research on mice.
Scientists found that just a few days of treatment with an opioid led to chronic pain that went on for months.
In the long-term, the opioid increased the pain signals sent from immune cells in the spinal cord.
Some of the most common opioids are:
codeine,
meperidine (Demerol),
hydrocodone (Hysingla ER, Zohydro ER),
fentanyl (Actiq, Duragesic, Fentora),
hydrocodone/acetaminophen (Lorcet, Lortab, Norco, Vicodin),
hydromorphone (Dilaudid, Exalgo),
and methadone (Dolophine, Methadose).
Professor Peter Grace, who led the study, said:
“We are showing for the first time that even a brief exposure to opioids can have long-term negative effects on pain. We found the treatment was contributing to the problem.”
The study on mice treated an injury with opioids.
The scientists found that the long-term consequences of taking the drugs were serious.
The injury plus the opioid delivered a kind of ‘one-two punch' to cells in the spinal cord called microglia.
Professor Linda Watkins, one of the study's authors, said:
“The implications for people taking opioids like morphine, oxycodone and methadone are great, since we show the short-term decision to take such opioids can have devastating consequences of making pain worse and longer lasting. This is a very ugly side to opioids that had not been recognized before.”
Around 20,000 people in the US died of prescriptions opioid overdoses in 2015.
Increased pain is not the only risk from opioids, they are also addictive.
People given opioid pain medication are 25% more likely to use the drugs chronically, a recent study found.
Study author Dr Susan Calcaterra said:
“These drugs are highly effective for pain control, but also cause feelings of euphoria. For these reasons, patients may ask their physicians for additional opioid medication even after their acute issue is resolved.”
Dr Calcaterra continued:
“…patients [given opioid painkillers] were more likely to become chronic opioid users and had an increased number of opioid refills one year post-discharge, compared to patients without opioid receipt. They were five times more likely to be chronic users after one year.”
The studies are published in the journal PNAS and the Journal of General Internal Medicine (Grace et al., 2016; Calcaterra et al., 2015).
If convicted, 63 year old Robert Doggart could face up to 10 years in prison. (Image: Twitter)
A federal grand jury on Tuesday indicted a former congressional candidate with one-count of soliciting help to attack a New York mosque in violation of federal civil rights laws.
Robert Doggart, 63, of Tennessee planned to burn a mosque, school and a cafeteria in Islamberg, a small Muslim-majority town in New York state.
He solicited the help of others through Facebook and phone calls “to damage and destroy religious property (a mosque), knowing the religious nature of the property,” according to court documents.
Doggart, a Christian minister, was released on $30,000 bail to two family members earlier this week after he pleaded guilty to one count of interstate communication of threats. He was released on condition that he seek psychiatric treatment, according to media reports.
In the decision to release Doggart, a judge said prosecutors had failed to prove his release would pose a “true threat” under federal law.
Doggart was arrested in May for plotting the attack, which was to include the use of guns, explosives and a machete to attack buildings and kill Muslims.
If convicted, Doggart faces up to 10 years in prison.
The case is being investigated by the FBI, and is being prosecuted by Assistant US Attorneys Perry H. Piper and Chris Poole of the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Civil Rights Division Trial Attorney Saeed Mody.
We're on to the next award in the slate of the honors for the 2015 Bengals known as "The CJ's". It's time to give the nod to this year's rookies, although it was tough decision and there wasn't much of a consensus without the presence of a true impact first-year player. Still, the class holds promise in the years ahead and we noted it, as evidenced by our nominations.
Cast your vote and sound off in the comments on your selection for the Bengals' 2015 Rookie of the Year!
Alberto Luque (AKA muertasdetenas): Tyler Kroft was a more than adequate backup for Tyler Eifert in 2015 and he helped AJ McCarron late in the season. This assistance was particularly on display when Eifert missed three games late in the year.
Alex Healey: No rookies really contributed enough for me to nominate them for any type of award. If you held a gun to my head and forced me to choose, I'd go with Josh Shaw. While he certainly didn't get a ton of opportunities, when he did, he was a solid player. As of today, he is who I trust the most from the 2015 draft class.
Kyle Phelps: There's really only one rookie who made any kind of significant impact on the team this year - Jake Fisher. The Bengals were able to use Fisher in a lot of gadget roles due to his previous experience as a tight end. Occasionally he was put in at tight end to function as a sixth offensive lineman, and there were some exciting plays where he lined up as a wideout and was used for blocking on screens. Don't forget near the end of the season when he switched to fullback and looked as effective as ever, despite playing in a completely new position.
Scott Schulze: For a team that generally refuses to play rookies, it's hard to find one who made a significant impact in 2015. Of course, that also speaks to the quality of the veterans the Bengals have on the roster. But that aside, Tyler Kroft stepped in for an injured Tyler Eifert, catching 11 of 14 balls in his starts, and giving McCarron a decent option down the stretch.
Rebecca Toback: You likely wouldn't have guessed it before or even at the midway point of the season that Tyler Kroft would be the Bengals Rookie of the Year, but, Kroft did a great job filling in for Tyler Eifert when he was injured with a stinger and concussion and continued to take advantage of his opportunities when Eifert returned to the lineup. Kroft recorded 11 receptions on 14 targets for 129 yards, and a touchdown and showed up when the Bengals needed him to He played more than any other Bengals rookie this season, which isn't saying much, but he helped the team when called upon.
Scott Bantel: While it was AJ McCarron's second season in the NFL, he spent his entire first season on IR, therefore, in my opinion, he was a rookie this year. Due to Dalton's injury, McCarron was faced with the unenviable task of having to replace a quarterback playing at an MVP level and take over in the midst of a playoff chase. The Bengals couldn't have asked more of McCarron. In four starts, McCarron threw five touchdowns and just one interception while going 2-2. His only losses came in overtime and on the road to the AFC's number one seed (Denver) and in the playoffs on a Jeremy Hill fumble and defensive meltdown. All in all, McCarron played well enough for this team to have gone 4-0 in those games.
Jason Marcum: Josh Shaw showed a lot of poise and potential while playing in some big spots this season thanks to injuries to the veteran corners. I didn't expect much from Shaw, but I think he could be in for a big role in the defense next season after what he showed during his rookie campaign.
Anthony Cosenza: It comes down to Josh Shaw or Jake Fisher for me. Cedric Ogbuehi did some nice things as an extra tackle down the stretch, but he didn't have enough tape to put him in the conversation. I'll go with Shaw because he seemed to consistently play well when out there, while some of the others experienced obvious growing pains. While the Bengals didn't get much out of this class in their rookie season, I foresee it being a good draft class for seasons to come.
The Dallas Mavericks and restricted free agent Nerlens Noel remain stuck in a stalemate over his next contract, and Noel may play every card in his deck to get his way.
Noel is considering changing agents - which would mean moving away from Happy Walters - as his contractual dispute rounds into late August, reports Mike Fisher of Dallas Basketball.
It was reported elsewhere that Noel had already swapped representation, but Fisher reports that no final decision has been made.
Walters slammed the Mavericks for failing to make a proper offer as free agency slowed to a crawl in mid-July, but Noel may prefer a firmer negotiator with more aggressive tactics as he looks to secure the first major contract of his young career.
The Mavericks clearly have strong interest in re-signing Noel after dealing for him at the trade deadline last season. The team envisions him as an athletic finisher and an imposing shot-blocker in the mold of former Mavs center Tyson Chandler.
However, with Noel unable to secure a competing offer to force Dallas to match, the Mavericks hold little incentive to bid against themselves and hold a strong negotiating position.
Noel could become an unrestricted free agent if he took his $4.2-million qualifying offer from the Mavericks, but that's both a massive underpay and a huge risk given his injury history. The former No. 6 overall pick missed his rookie year recovering from a torn ACL and has sat out 46 games over the last two seasons.
The 23-year-old averaged 8.7 points, 5.8 rebounds, 1.3 steals, and one block in 20.5 minutes per game last season.
By Dan Merica, CNN
(CNN) – A letter penned by two notable scholars - a Christian and a Muslim - and sent to a number of different hotel industry executives has asked those hotels to remove pornography from their company's in-room movie selections.
Robert P. George, a professor at Princeton University and the past chairman of the conservative National Organization for Marriage, and Shaykh Hamza Yusuf, co-founder of Zaytuna College, a Muslim school, wrote the letter to urge hotels “to do what is right as a matter of conscience.”
“We are, respectively, a Christian and a Muslim, but we appeal to you not on the basis of truths revealed in our scriptures but on the basis of a commitment that should be shared by all people of reason and goodwill: a commitment to human dignity and the common good,” reads the letter.
The letter marks the joining of two unique men with two distinctly different faiths. Yusuf says they were able to put aside their disagreement on other issues because of their commitment to this cause. “We need to see that those things that are threatening our society today are much graver than anything that may divide us,” he told CNN.
CNN's Belief Blog: the faith angles behind the big stories
Reaction to the letter from some adult film stars - and even from some advocates for removing porn from hotels - was negative.
Craig Gross, a pastor and the founder of XXXchurch.com, says the letter is an empty gesture with no power behind it.
“It has got to be one of the dumbest letters I have ever read,” Gross said. “It is like asking the Internet to stop selling porn. It sounds good and all, but it isn't going to happen.”
But the letter's authors argue that the Internet and hotels are different, with hotel owners directly profiting off the temptation of porn.
“We urge you to do away with pornography in your hotels because it is morally wrong to seek to profit from the suffering, degradation, or corruption of others,” states the letter. “You are placing temptation in their path - temptation for the sake of profit. That is unjust. Moreover, the fact that something is chosen freely does not make it right.”
Yusuf continued to use this argument in an interview with CNN. “Just because we are able to do something doesn't mean it is what we should be doing. And just because you can sell these things doesn't mean it is something you should be selling,” he said.
In Gross' opinion, this logic is a slippery slope. When planes offer access to WiFi, is that placing temptation in the path of those who may view porn on the Web? When hotels offer room service, he asks, are they tempting dieters?
Gross has a long history of helping those with porn addictions, and his website is dedicated to getting people help. According to him, removing porn from hotels is a futile endeavor because of the "unfettered availability of porn on the Web. “
According to a 2005 report on the state of the adult entertainment by Adult Video News, a trade journal on the adult-film industry, 55% of hotel movie rentals are porn movie rentals. The average revenue from movie rentals, according to LodgeNet, a company that provides in-room entertainment services, was $16.51 per room per month in 2008. In the third quarter of 2009, LodgeNet brought in $64.8 million. This, however, included more family-friendly options as well.
A 2011 report by Robert Mandelbaum at Colliers PKF Hospitality Research found that from 2000 to 2009, movie rental revenue for hotels in general decreased 39%.
Even with the reported slip, Gross and other critics acknowledged there is a demand for adult entertainment.
“This is supply and demand,” Gross said. “We spin our wheels doing all the wrong things. The issue is not that it is available; the issue is that people buy it.”
Prior to this letter, however, some hotels had already pledged to remove pornography from their programming or had removed it.
In 2011, Marriott International - a company founded by a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints that continues deep Mormon ties - pledged to phase out adult content from all hotel rooms. The move came after groups like Focus on the Family met with Marriott officials to urge them to remove adult movies.
The church of porn and football
“Adult content will be off the menu for virtually all of our newly built hotels,” read the Marriott statement. “Over the next few years, this will be the policy across our system.”
Marriott is not the first hotel group to do this, though. Omni Hotels, a Dallas-based luxury hotel chain, removed all adult films from its in-room systems in 1999. According to other reports, adult-free programming is helping the Omni differentiate itself in the hotel market.
Websites like cleanhotels.com look to help porn-free hotels by compiling a list of hotels that do not offer adult entertainment and leading people to them. Cleanhotels.com says it does so because its supporters want to know they are “supporting a facility that cares enough about the wellbeing of its customers not to make harmful pornographic movies available.”
The American Hotel & Lodging Association, however, defends the right of hotels to choose what services to offer in their rooms.
Follow the CNN Belief Blog on Twitter
“In-room offerings such as this are made available based on market demand, are not offered in all hotels, and are subject to the same legal review all hotel operations are subject to,” read a statement from Kathryn Potter, senior vice president of marketing and communications for the association.
Ron Jeremy, an adult-film star who has been in over 2,000 porn films, according to the Internet Adult Film Database, sees efforts to remove porn from hotels as attacks on freedom of speech.
“What they have to understand is that freedom of speech works for all of us, not just for them,” Jeremy said about those who want to get porn out of hotel rooms. “This is a country that is secular; you have freedom from religion and freedom of religion. Give me a break.”
While Jeremy said he is all for making sure kids in hotel rooms can't get to porn - “I think that is marvelous” - he said he doesn't see why adults shouldn't watch “consenting adults have consenting sex.”
"If a guy has a hard day at work or is at a convention and wants to sit down in his hotel room and puts on an adult film and plays spank the monkey, why can't he do that?"
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Bethesda has announced The Elder Scrolls Online Gold Edition will be available from September 9. This version of the game will give players "an opportunity to gain immediate access to the entire story, all four major DLC game packs, and updates" for the multiplayer online RPG.
TESO Gold Edition will feature the core game content, along with the Imperial City, Orsinium, Thieves Guild, and Dark Brotherhood DLC expansions. These introduce new quests, abilities, and locations. Additionally, it will contain a Palomino horse mount.
Gold Edition will be available for PC and consoles.
The next major content update for The Elder Scrolls Online is called called Shadows of the Hist, and features two new Argonian-themed dungeons, a style parlor, and costume dyeing, among other things.
The new new four-player dungeons are called Ruins of Mazzatun and Cradle of Shadows. These will be free for players with an active ESO Plus membership, or can be purchased through the DLC Dungeon Pack, which will go for 1,500 crowns.
The style parlous, meanwhile, adds a new microtransaction that lets players change their appearance or race. Players will be able to "completely redefine" their character's appearance, including their hairstyle and color, as well as face, body markings, eye color, age, and voice. Pricing was not announced for these items.
This update launches on August 1 for PC and Mac, and comes to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on August 16. Its release will coincide with a base-game patch for all players that includes all of the changes listed here.
The FBI last week thwarted a planned Christmas terror attack. This is good news. It represents more of the winning that President Trump promised in the terribly named “Global War on Terror” when he ran for office. As usual, however, the mainstream media's account misses the mark and fails to name the real culprit for the attempted terror attack. Always desperate to avoid speaking the truth when it bucks the preferred narrative, the press claims not only was the 26-year-old Modesto, California-native, Everitt Aaron Jameson, a “lone-wolf” terrorist but he was also a former United States Marine!
Most reports on the planned Christmas Day attack on Pier 39 in San Francisco buried the relevant details of Jameson's conversion to Islam and his professed support for the Islamic State and its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Instead, the media have stressed the fact that Jameson was briefly in the United States Marine Corps—as if this man's deplorable behavior can be chocked up to some kind of latent psychological trauma in the armed services. Because, you know, washing out of boot camp turns young men into monsters . . . or something.
Then the media insists that Jameson was a “lone-wolf”—just like those pesky right-wing terrorists, who roam the American countryside, looking for some minorities to butcher with their “bump stock assault rifles!”
So, don't worry folks, all of Jameson's repeated public professions of love and adulation for ISIS and its leadership; all of his public castigations of the Trump Administration for its recent decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, they play no part in Jameson's attempted terror plot. No, his Marine background must be why he's a “lone-wolf” terrorist. Of course, being a lone-wolf terrorist does not in itself explain the purpose of any planned attack. Just because someone acts alone does not mean that they are not acting out of fealty or love for a group or ideology. But, the media never lets a good narrative go to waste.
Oh, and if Jameson's radical politics did play any role in his development of the terror plot in San Francisco, it was Trump's fault, because Jameson blamed Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Probably Trump should have considered that his decision might set off people like Jameson before making his decision, the media explain.
If you understand the particulars of this attempted attack, you begin to see that Islamism was at its very heart.
We know that Jameson was inspired by the October 31 ISIS attack in New York City (an attack that was inspired by other ISIS attacks in the West). It's clear these ISIS terror plots are building on each other in ways similar to the escalation of al-Qaeda's attacks throughout the 1990s, which culminated in 9/11. This is a pattern that not only must be acknowledged publicly, but it is one that should be reinforced so that everyone—not just our law enforcement people—can be aware of their surroundings at all times.
Our media shamelessly opts instead to focus on Jameson's background as a Marine, playing into the narrative perpetuated by pop culture that America's veterans are a bunch of broken psychopaths.
Fact is, San Francisco's Pier 39 is a tantalizing “soft” target for terrorists. After all, America's consumerism has been a serious bugaboo of most Islamists, so targeting a popular shopping spot is not surprising (I would hope security precautions will be taken at America's other leading shopping malls in the aftermath of this attack, at least through the holiday season).
Further, San Francisco is not only a major city, but it is also one of America's most liberal cities. More than anything, Islamic extremists are at war with Western progressivism—the ideology that, in their eyes, perpetuates profligate sexuality and overt drug use; seeks to elevate women to an equal footing; is militantly secular; supports globalization; and continues to place the United States at loggerheads with the Muslim world. San Francisco is a perfect symbol for such an attack. That the attack was planned to occur on Christmas allowed for ISIS to target the other, more conservative part of the United States, which is generally Christian.
The recent collapse of ISIS's physical caliphate, and the Trump Administration's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, are galvanizing would-be terrorists here in the United States. In fact, the letter that the FBI uncovered in Jameson's apartment ends with the ominous declaration that, “We have penetrated and infiltrated your disgusting country.”
Does this sound like the narrative that the media is broadcasting today? Does any of this have to do with either Jameson's background as a Marine or his loner personality? Of course not.
Rather than cogently warning the public of the potential threat by providing background and context, the mainstream media has yet again abdicated its responsibility to inform the people, and has opted instead to take the often-traveled route of political correctness. In this case, a committed Islamist—swearing fealty to the Islamic State—plotted to conduct a mass-casualty terror attack in San Francisco on Christmas Day. It is neither the first nor the last such attempt.
Those are the facts. Instead of being told that, however, we've been told that the FBI prevented an angry ex-Marine from perpetrating the same kind of attacks that right-wing zealots carry out against minorities every day in America, because Everitt Aaron Jameson was a lone-wolf.
The media never lets a good narrative go to waste.
The Story – Secret Wars II #1 – 9 (1985-1986)
Secret Wars II #1 – 9 (1985-1986) : Secret Wars II is a nine-issue comic book limited series and crossover published from 1985 to 1986 by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Marvel's then Editor-in-chief Jim Shooter and primarily pencilled by Al Milgrom. The series was a sequel to original series Secret Wars, published in 1984 and 1985. The series tied-in with issues of other Marvel titles, with each “tie-in” featuring a “Secret Wars II” logo in the top right hand corner to indicate that it was a part of the overall story.
Free Marvel Comic Download
Secret Wars II #1 – 9 (1985-1986)
Language : English | Year : 1985-1986 | Size : 489 MB
Screenshots :
Notes :
Our previous column discussed the anxiety with which many educated Chinese view prospects of China's achieving the levels of scientific and technological creativity necessary to propel it into the kind of society it hopes to be in the 21st Century. We argued that, historically, economies driven by innovation have required complex and delicate webs of interlocked institutions that create incentives rewarding innovative behavior, including, beyond some point, benign neglect. China's lack of creativity largely reflects its weak institutions.
But there have been areas of creative success in China, and it is worth understanding them if we are to evaluate the likelihood of China's eventually becoming a global powerhouse of creativity. In some of the most advertised cases, like in high­speed rail and supercomputers, Chinese successes occur mainly when heavy capital expenditure can acquire foreign technology and otherwise force methodical advances in industries that do not require complex systems or scientific breakthroughs. (The flip side of this is exemplified by China's relatively weak aerospace industry, whose components must be linked within very complex systems.) These cases show that China can be successful, but mainly in areas in which serious political commitment and ample cheap capital can lead to incremental advances.
Other much-advertised areas make a better case for Chinese creativity. China clearly does well in smartphone technology, and indeed urban Chinese youth may be world leaders in their use of smartphones to organize both their cultural and their economic lives. Why has this been the case? One reason may be that the Chinese retail sector was so inefficient that while policymakers worked out one-size-fits-all plans for its improvement, tech entrepreneurs and impatient young people ignored them, and simply leapfrogged into the future of micropayment and internet shopping.
The concept of a ‘rock band residency' within Beijing's current rhetorical climate is almost laughable.
The most creative of China's artists, too, benefitted from some amount of benign neglect. While the art establishment argued over out-of-date cultural stereotypes and spent massively to build Western-style cultural institutions—mostly “showy, large-scale projects”, according to a Dutch cultural agency, planned without consulting local audiences or musicians—their efforts seemed to accomplish little. But this doesn't mean China's cultural failure was total. The nation's urban youth, producing art that the establishment did not recognize as “Chinese” or even as culture, has developed some of the most interesting music and fashion scenes in the world, primarily in response to China's very unique recent urban history.
And it may matter tremendously that in once­ marginalized areas China is witnessing a surge in creativity. There is evidence that creative science and technology develops only in conjunction with creative art. There must be a reason why the developed world's most innovative tech hubs—San Francisco, New York, Austin, London, Berlin—are also global leaders in art, fashion and film. Even in the developing world it is probably no coincidence that India's leading technology hub, Bangalore, is also known as the “rock capital” of India.
Deeper historical examples abound. Periods associated with great advances in science and mathematics—like Periclean Athens, Renaissance Florence, the High Tang Dynasty, Enlightenment France—were always also periods of tremendous artistic achievement. Science and technology seems to thrive mainly when artistic and cultural creativity is also thriving, perhaps because the social institutions that foster one simultaneously create room for the other.
Certainly in modern times only great cultural centers have attracted the smart, creative people who are necessary for an innovation economy. A cultural center, however, is not necessarily a city with museums and opera houses regularly attended by a self-satisfied social elite. What makes a cultural center are grimy music dives, makeshift galleries, fringe street art and the other attractions driving hopeful young creative types to stream in from the provinces, seeking excitement and encouraging one another to greater intellectual daring.
China is loudly reclaiming its Tang Dynasty role as the hegemonic center of Asia through its New Silk Road infrastructure and investment project. Undoubtedly, Beijing's leaders hope to extend the country's storied economic miracle through this project. Beijing is also working hard to develop its cultural “soft power”—but so far without much visible success. Unless Beijing and Shanghai develop the institutional incentives that also make them great cultural centers, chances are they will never become great incubators of the new technologies critical for the forward momentum their leaders are striving to maintain.
To boost technological creativity, China would do well to show some of its more interesting artists the same institutional support they are instead receiving abroad. Zhang Shouwang, a musician we've mentioned before in this column, recently performed a composition commissioned by New York's Bang on a Can to an enthusiastic house at New York's Merkin Concert Hall. As we write this, Chui Wan, whom we've also mentioned before as among the most widely acclaimed of young bands emerging from Beijing's underground scene, are on a recording residency in Caen, having just toured France to rave reviews.
No such fund or performance venue in their Beijing hometown would support artists working primarily in experimental or underground music. For China's cultural authorities, their music barely registers. The concept of a “rock band residency” within Beijing's current rhetorical climate is almost laughable.
It won't be easy to change this scenario. China's political culture prefers heavy mobilization to the more difficult task of setting up favorable conditions and then allowing an environment to evolve under benign neglect. Nevertheless, there are some areas both in art and in technology in which young China are intensely innovative, and Beijing will have to understand what they have in common and why they have been successful if China is to become a creative force.
MrMC has just been approved into the Amazon Fire TV appstore. MrMC is a modified version of Kodi, the popular media app that Amazon notably removed from their Android appstore. While Kodi was once in Amazon's appstore for Android devices, it, nor any of its clones, ever made it into the Fire TV appstore. That makes MrMC the first Kodi app of any kind to make it into the official Fire TV appstore. MrMC is compatible with 1st and 2nd generation Fire TV's, as well as Fire TV Sticks, but it does appear to require Fire OS 5.
The primary difference between Kodi and MrMC is that MrMC does not have the ability to install 3rd-party addons or plugins. The removal of addon support removes the possibility for MrMC to directly be used to stream pirated content through 3rd-party piracy addons. It is Kodi's potential for piracy that Amazon had issue with, resulting in its removal from the Amazon appstore. Without addon support, MrMC is strictly a media player app for local content.
MrMC is currently priced at $6.99, which is a fairly high asking price considering anyone can sideload Kodi for free and have the same capabilities. In comparison, the Apple TV version of MrMC is priced at $4.99 . Version 2.1 of MrMC, which is the one currently in the Fire TV appstore, is based on Kodi 16.1 RC2, according to its release notes. The Kodi team just released the final version of Kodi 16.1 a couple days ago, making MrMC 2 versions behind at the moment.
If you don't care about addon support, the main reason to purchase MrMC over sideloading Kodi yourself is the convenience of installing directly through the official appstore and easy/automatic updates, assuming the app receives regular updates. Whether you're interested in MrMC or not, it's nice to see Amazon isn't completely against apps related to Kodi as a whole.
Follow AFTVnews on Twitter / Facebook and subscribe via email to be the first to learn when new articles go live. Follow me, Elias Saba, on Twitter and Instagram to see what I'm working on before it's posted here.
ShareTweetShare+1
University of North Florida Students and Administration Reach Sex Week Compromise
The students and administration at The University of North Florida have reached a compromise to allow all three previously canceled classes to be held on campus during Sex Week. Two of these classes were being offered by Relationship Equality Foundation and one by the UNF Pride Club. Students have been told that Pride Club can host the classes and that the LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender) Resource Center can continue to assist Pride Club in the promotion of these events. Relationship Equality Foundation is currently working with Pride Club to bring these classes to students during Sex Week. [The LGBT Resource Center is run by the university; the Pride Club is by and for students.]
For more information, please see the LGBT Center's official statement.
The Relationship Equality Foundation thanks the University for its change of heart and applauds its effort to continue to provide equal sexual education to the students of University of North Florida. The Relationship Equality Foundation also applauds the students and their efforts to ensure that their educational needs are met.
You sent letters. You phoned. You helped persuade administrators at the University of North Florida to meet with students and members of the school's LGBT Resource Center about reinstating talks on polyamory, kink, and sex toys. which the administration had banned from upcoming Sex Week presentations. After the meeting, and coverage on Jacksonville TV news — and before students could organize a protest rally — the administrators caved. They restored the talks to the schedule, with "Polyamory in Practice" and "Coming Out Kinky" now listing the student-run Pride Club as their sponsors.This is from Billy Holder, poly activist and vice-president of the Relationship Equality Foundation , which is providing the speakers for those two talks:Billy adds, "We were able to educate the administration as well. Several top administrators had never heard of kink or polyamory before and now they know what they are. Thank you; we are a great community."------------------------------The local LGBT Human Rights Ordinance, which some feared might be endangered by anything controversial appearing on campus, easily passed the City Council on February 14th by a vote of 12 to 6 (though with a religious exemption).
Labels: activism, Florida
Bikers in Harlow are being warned about a new injunction that comes into force today banning them from taking part in unauthorised ride outs.
The town-wide injunction, which is believed to be the first of its kind, runs until 31 March 2017.
It was granted to the council in time to stop a planned ride out event set for today (21 May 2016).
The injunction bans groups of two or more people from taking part in unauthorised ride outs between 10am and 12midnight on any public land or public highway in Harlow. It covers ride outs involving both motorcycles and motor vehicles. Anyone breaking the injunction would be in contempt of court and may be sent to prison.
The injunction forbids the following activities as part of an unauthorised ride out:
It's hard imagining a more deplorable candidate for any public office, unthinkable for the nation's highest.
Her presidency, if elected, assures endless wars of aggression, possible confrontation with Russia and China, letting Wall Street, other corporate bandits and war-profiteers continue looting the nation's wealth, as well as likely advancing tyranny to full-blown, stripping the mask entirely off constitutional governance.
Why any ordinary American would support a ruthless she-devil committed to undermining the lives, welfare and futures is shocking to imagine.
A leaked transcript of Clinton's June 2013 speech to Goldman Sachs officials and likely guests gives insight into her deplorable agenda – expressing views not stated on the stump.
She thanked GS CEO Lloyd (“I'm doing God's work”) Blankfein, expressing delight “to be back among…kindred spirits.”
She ludicrously claimed ordinary Americans couldn't have futures without GS “leadership and innovation.”
It makes money the old-fashioned way. It steals it through fraud, grand theft, market manipulation, front-running them, scamming investors, bribing political officials, having its executives in top administration posts, and getting open-ended low or no interest rate bailouts when needed.
According to Clinton, productive work by ordinary Americans didn't make the nation great. “We all know how misguided that is,” she claimed.
“We know that it's really due to your investing, credit, and economic stewardship, that they have been able to work at all, that they are able to put food on their tables,” she blustered. “It's due to you and other banking, trading, investment houses that we have an economy that works at all. You are why we are a truly 21st century economic power.” “(C)ontrary to populist, hysterical demonizing…(I) firmly believe that what you do is essential and critical.” “You help allocate our investment, direct our economic development, hedge risks, and create power, policies, and alliances in ways that make our country stronger, richer, more powerful, more innovative, competitive, and yes, more ‘democratic.' “ “You underwrite our elections and our political process – taking on the huge cost of enabling democratic dialogue at its biggest, broadest capacity.” “Your tireless work adds true value, and without you, we would still be struggling helplessly against industrial powerhouses in Asia and across the world trying to compete with them on the level of industry, technology, innovation, and hard work, at which they would beat us hands down.” “It's your financial innovation, your speculative tools, which allow us new ways of creating value without sweat or struggle, that gives us the competitive advantage.” “It's this vision, this technological innovation, this financial wizardry, this is what makes America great and powerful.”
GS paid her $225,000 for this rant, $675,000 for a later one. She rambled on much longer, but you get the point.
A vote for Clinton is a vote for Goldman Sachs, other Wall Street bandits, war-profiteers, and other US predatory crony capitalist robber barons, ripping off the world for profit – at the expense of ordinary people everywhere struggling to get by.
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book is titled “How Wall Street Fleeces America: Privatized Banking, Government Collusion and Class War”. www.claritypress.com/Lendman.html Visit his blog site at www.sjlendman.blogspot.com.
HBO"s True Detective features Detectives Rustin Cohle (Matthew McConaughey) and Martin Hart (Woody Harrelson). It's a cop show like no other.
My wife and I are loving it. It's gritty and bleak, yet so marvelously acted and philosophically intriguing, we eagerly look forward to new episodes.
Rustin Cohle breaks new ground for broadcast television. I've never heard a major TV show character speak about religion and the meaninglessness of existence in such an honest, philosophically-sophisticated way.
Here's an example from the episode we watched a few days ago. Cohle and Hart are following up a lead in their investigation of a grisly ritualistic murder, which might be connected with an evangelistic preacher.
After arriving at a tent revival in rural Louisiana, they engage in a fascinating back-and-forth. Hart (Harrelson) is no saint. He believes in God, though, and defends religiosity. Cohle (McConaughey) has a dark perspective on life.
Watch the video of the tent scene, which, a bit over halfway through, includes a flash-forward glimpse of an interview session with Cohle many years later. (The detectives are investigating another murder.) Cohle obviously has changed in appearance a lot. His worldview, though, doesn't seem to have altered much.
I found the initial dialogue in the tent revival scene so interesting, I transcribed it. Here it is.
Cohle: What do you think the average IQ of this group is, huh?
Hart: Can you see Texas up there on your high horse? What do you know about these people?
Cohle: Just observation and deduction. I see a propensity for obesity, poverty, a yen for fairy tales. Folks putting what few bucks they do have into little wicker baskets being passed around. I think it's safe to say that nobody here is going to be splitting the atom, Marty.
Hart: You see that, your fucking attitude. Not everybody wants to sit alone in an empty room, beating off to murder manuals. Some folks enjoy community, the common good/
Cohle: Well, if the common good got's to make up fairy tales, then it's not good for anybody.
Hart: I mean, can you imagine if people didn't believe, what things they would get up to?
Cohle: Exact same things they do now, it's just out in the open.
Hart: Bull-shit! It'd be a fucking freak show of murder and debauchery, and you know it.
Cohle: If the only thing keeping a person decent is the expectation of divine reward, then brother, that person is a piece of shit, and I'd like to get as many of them out in the open as possible.
Hart: Well, I guess your judgement is infallible, piece-of-shit-wise. You think that notebook is a stone tablet? [Cohle habitually carries around a large ledger-size notebook for his detective notes.]
Cohle: What does it say about life? We get together, tell yourself stories that violate every law of the universe, just to get through the goddamn day? What's that say about your reality, Marty?
Hart: When you get to talking like this, you sound panicked.
A Wall Street Journal piece, "The most shocking thing about HBO's 'True Detective,'" persuasively argues that Cohle's philosophizing is virtually identical to a weird fiction work by Thomas Ligotti. The piece includes this speechifying by Cohle in another True Detective scene.
I think human consciousness is a tragic misstep in human evolution. We became too self aware; nature created an aspect of nature separate from itself. We are creatures that should not exist by natural law. We are things that labor under the illusion of having a self, a secretion of sensory experience and feeling, programmed with total assurance that we are each somebody, when in fact everybody's nobody. I think the honorable thing for our species to do is deny our programming, stop reproducing, walk hand in hand into extinction, one last midnight, brothers and sisters opting out of a raw deal.
The bold-faced lines are almost exact reflections of Ligotti's writing.
[Update: just came across a video of the great Episode 1 scene where Hart decides to ask his new'ish partner, Cohle, what he believes in. They've just started investigating the grisly murder. I love Hart's "And now, I'm begging you to just shut the fuck up!" line. Watch below.]
I don't feel anywhere near as bleak as Cohle does about human consciousness or the meaning of life. Yet almost always my wife and I find ourselves resonating more with Cohle, than with his partner, Hart.
It's refreshing to see something closely akin to our worldview being prominently featured in a major television show. The Wall Street Journal piece ends with:
As my friend and colleague Marshall Crook suggested in his review of the second episode, the series could end up “as bleak as it gets” following the lead of Chambers and Lovecraft — even if there is no supernatural element, and there doesn't appear to be — as well as a philosophy similar to Ligotti's.
Yet, it could also be revolutionary television. Millions of viewers are hearing Cohle's worldview weekly, and many might just find that it makes some kind of troubling sense.
Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook said immigration is the paramount issue America faces at the moment, calling the future of DACA "the biggest issue of our time."
Cook spoke passionately about the importance of immigration and protecting DREAMers -- undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children -- at the Bloomberg Global Business Forum in Manhattan on Wednesday.
"We're pushing extremely hard on this," he said. "This is, I think it's the biggest issue of our time currently, among all these big issues, because this goes to the values of being American. This is are we human, are we acting in a track of morality."
President Donald Trump earlier this month decided to end the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, that grants work permits to undocumented immigrants who arrived in the United States as children, with a six-month delay. He has said he will "revisit" the issue if Congress fails to address it through legislation.
Trump's wavering on DACA has put the lives of the estimated 800,000 young people registered in the program in disarray and under the threat of deportation.
"They love America deeply," Cook said on Wednesday. "I wish everyone in America loved America this much."
DREAMers "have jobs, they pay taxes, they're pillars of their communities, they're incredible people," he said. "This is unacceptable. This is not who we are as a country, and so I am personally shocked that there's even a discussion of this."
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, the host of the forum who appeared alongside Cook, echoed his alarm. "What on earth are we thinking about?" he said. "We desperately need them."
"We can and must every day expand the definition of us, shrink the definition of them," former President Bill Clinton said at the opening of the event.
None of the men named Trump, whose Trump Tower is just a few blocks away from the Plaza Hotel where they were speaking, but their implicit criticism of him was clear.
"Words have consequences," Bloomberg said, alluding to the president's anti-immigrant rhetoric. "We need a constant source of new blood coming into this country, and if they can't come here, they'll go someplace else that's more welcoming."
Business leaders have been a strong voice in urging Trump and Congress to take action on DACA and protect DREAMers. Cook took to Twitter as news of Trump's decision broke to speak out.
"This is about basic human dignity and respect," he said on Wednesday. "It's just that simple and straightforward."
Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio . Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now.
Watch: Get your first look at the Futuristic Apple iPhone X
More of What's Trending on TheStreet:
250 of my Apple coworkers are #Dreamers. I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) September 3, 2017
EXCLUSIVE OFFER: See inside Jim Cramer's multi-million dollar charitable trust portfolio to see the stocks he thinks could be potentially HUGE winners. Click here to see his holdings for FREE.
“I don't mind answering questions about my leg,” Shaw says. “I think sometimes people don't like talking about [injuries] but I'm not bothered. I wasn't bothered watching videos of it or pictures of my leg. That might sound a bit weird but I feel comfortable talking about it because now I feel stronger than ever. It doesn't faze me.”
Shaw has made a full recovery. As he rolls back a tubular grip to show his right leg he is almost nonchalant about it while, in truth, it is extraordinary to see how little scarring there is given that he suffered such a traumatic double break. In total there were four operations, six months on crutches and dark moments when the 21-year-old feared he would never play football again. Now the only signs are two three-inch scars either side of his calf – even they are not livid or easily discernible - while he insists the mental scars have healed.
"I'm into hard sci-fi."
That's Roman from the television show Party Down, a noted advocate of the scientifically sound brand of fiction known as hard sci-fi. In one episode Roman confronts Star Trek's George Takei about the mind meld. "So was there a biophysical principle behind it? Because it kind of seemed like magic. And magic, you know, has no place in sci-fi."
Roman might approve of a forthcoming line of science fiction books from NASA and Tor-Forge books. (Disclosure: Tor-Forge and Scientific American have the same corporate parent.)
The partnership aims to create scientifically accurate novels and to get the word out about NASA missions present and future. NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center is hosting a workshop in November where authors can learn about NASA missions and the science behind them.
The ultimate goal is to get students interested in science and math. With the hope that some of them will pursue careers in science and technology, just as the classic science fiction of Asimov and Bradbury inspired so many in the past. And if the books can satisfy hard sci-fi fans at the same time, they'll live long and prosper.
—John Matson
[The above text is a transcript of this podcast.]
Bodies of three abducted students found in a shallow grave near Hebron, but Hamas denies involvement in murders
Israeli jets and helicopters launched dozens of air strikes across the Gaza Strip overnight on Monday, just hours after the bodies of three abducted Israeli teenagers were found in a shallow grave near the southern West Bank city of Hebron.
The air strikes, ostensibly in response to an ongoing barrage of rocket fire from Gaza into southern Israel, came after the Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, vowed the militant Islamist group Hamas, blamed by Israel for the kidnapping, would "pay a heavy price".
The United Nations human rights office urged on Tuesday all Israelis and Palestinians to exercise "maximum restraint" as the tension across Israel and occupied Palestinian territory escalated.
Eyal Yifrah, 19, Gilad Shaar, 16, and Naftali Frenkel, 16, who also had US citizenship, went missing while hitchhiking home from their religious schools in settlements on the West Bank on 12 June.
Their bodies were found by soldiers and volunteers in a valley covered with stones and brush on Monday afternoon.
The air strikes, which struck 34 locations in the Hamas-run Gaza Strip that Israel says were associated with Hamas and Islamic Jihad, came as troops on the West Bank killed an 18 year-old Palestinian during a raid in Jenin. Israeli authorities claim the teenager was a Hamas member who threw an explosive device at Israeli soldiers.
In Hebron, meanwhile, it was reported that the Israeli military had blown up the houses of two Hamas members named by Israel as suspects in the abduction Marwan Qawasmeh and Amer Abu Eisheh – the first punitive house demolitions since Israel halted the practice in 2005. The two men disappeared from their homes shortly after the abduction and have not been arrested.
Following the discovery of the missing Israeli's bodies on Monday, new details about the teenagers' abduction and murder 19 days ago while hitching home from West Bank religious schools have emerged in the Hebrew press, including the fact that investigators believe that the teenagers were killed within a few minutes of getting into a stolen car near Gush Etzion junction.
According to Israeli media reports, investigators found a bullet casing and other signs consistent with the youths being shot while sitting in the car, which was was later found abandoned and burned only a few kilometres from where their bodies were subsequently discovered. It is believed the three were shot shortly after one of the youths had managed to call an emergency hotline and whisper that they had been kidnapped after being alarmed that the car had made a sudden u-turn. Their bodies were buried in a field near the village of Halhul just north of one of the entrances to Hebron. Israeli officials believe the abductors had planned to trade the bodies for Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails.
Binyamin Proper, who was among the civilian volunteers that found the bodies covered with piles of rocks, told Channel 2 TV that a member of the search party "saw something suspicious on the ground, plants that looked out of place, moved them and moved some rocks and then found the bodies. We realised it was them and we called the army".
The search for the missing teenagers prompted a vast Israeli military operation in the West Bank and the arrest of some 400 Palestinians – mainly Hamas members. The incident has dramatically increased tensions across Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories.
Prior to the discovery of the bodies, five Palestinians had been killed during the search operation.
The case, which has received rolling Israeli media coverage, has gripped the Israeli public, prompting mass rallies and a huge outpouring of public sympathy for the mothers of the three teenagers.
The families of Palestinians killed during the search – some of them also teenagers – have complained that the death of their children have been largely ignored in press coverage.
Following the discovery of the bodies on Monday, Netanyahu issued a statement once again blaming Hamas.
"Hamas is responsible, and Hamas will pay ... [They] were kidnapped and murdered in cold blood by wild beasts."
Israel's economy minister, Naftali Bennett, added his own statement vowing retaliation: "There can be no forgiveness for the killers of children and those who sent them. Now is the time to act."
For its part, Hamas has denied involvement. Spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said on Monday: "Only the Israeli version of the events has been published."
"Israel is attempting to make way for aggression against us, against the Hamas ... No Palestinian group, Hamas or any other group, has taken responsibility for the action, and thus the Israeli version can't be trusted," he added.
A ball of fire is seen following an Israel airstrike in Rafah, southern Gaza. Photograph: Said Khatib/AFP/Getty Images
The Israel media reported on Tuesday morning that Netanyahu had faced splits in his Cabinet in its deliberations over how hard to retaliate both for the murders and the increased in rocket fire.
Senior officials stated both publicly and privately on Monday night and Tuesday morning that Israel was not seeking an "escalation with Hamas", suggesting that despite the rhetoric and the airstrikes in Gaza, retaliation might be limited.Several analysts in the Israeli media, including Amos Harel in Haaretz, have suggested Netanyahu is not keen to get embroiled in a long conflict with Hamas.
Messages of sympathy continued to come from international leaders who also called for calm. In a statement issue by his office, British prime minister David Cameron said: "I am deeply saddened by the news that the bodies of the three Israeli boys kidnapped on 12 June have been found this evening.
"This was an appalling and inexcusable act of terror perpetrated against young teenagers. Britain will stand with Israel as it seeks to bring to justice those responsible."
US president Barack Obama also issued a statement saying: "As a father, I cannot imagine the indescribable pain that the parents of these teenage boys are experiencing."
"The United States condemns in the strongest possible terms this senseless act of terror against innocent youth.
"From the outset, I have offered our full support to Israel and the Palestinian Authority to find the perpetrators of this crime and bring them to justice, and I encourage Israel and the PA to continue working together in that effort. I also urge all parties to refrain from steps that could further destabilise the situation. As the Israeli people deal with this tragedy, they have the full support and friendship of the United States."
The Linux Foundation has released the 2011 edition of its kernel development study. The report provides insight into the status of Linux kernel programming and the level of developer participation. It shows the volume of total growth, the relative number of contributions from major sponsors, and other relevant metrics.
The kernel has continued to see strong growth and developer engagement. The Linux Foundation celebrated the kernel's 20th birthday last year, alongside the release of Linux 3.0. The total size of the kernel grew from 13 million lines of code and 33,000 files in 2010 to 15 million lines of code and 37,000 files in 2011.
The number of developers who are actively contributing to a given version of the kernel has steadily grown from around 400 in 2005 to over 1300 by the end of 2011. Approximately 75 percent of individual contributors are professional software developers who are paid to work on the kernel. Volunteer developers who are known to be contributing without compensation still represent a larger segment of contributions than developers from any given company.
According to the Linux Foundation's statistics, volunteer developers contributed 16 percent of total changes in 2011. Red Hat, which is the most prolific corporate contributor, accounted for approximately 10 percent of changes made to the kernel in 2011. The second largest corporate contributor was Intel, which is responsible for 7.2 percent. IBM and Novell round out third and fourth place.
Despite abandoning the Linux-based MeeGo platform in favor of Windows Phone 7, Nokia still contributed more changes to the kernel than Android and Chrome OS vendor Google. Nokia is reportedly building a new mobile Linux platform of its own called Meltemi, that will be shipped on entry-level smartphones.
A new addition to the list of top contributors this year was Microsoft. The Redmond giant was the 17th most prolific corporate contributor to the Linux kernel in 2011. The company first began contributing code to Linux in 2009 when it submitted patches to improve the performance of running virtualized Linux guest instances on Windows servers.
It was a welcome gesture, but Microsoft wasn't a particularly diligent steward of its contributed code at first. The company had some difficulty meeting the expectations of the kernel developers and doing the work to properly integrate and maintain the code it submitted to the kernel. As kernel developer Greg Kroah-Hartman recently told us in an interview, the issue was eventually remedied.
Microsoft's initial problems working in the upstream kernel community are similar to the issues that Google has run into with its Android kernel contributions. Those were only recently allowed back in the staging area of the source tree after being kicked out a few years ago due to lack of maintenance. In the case of Google's code, it appears that the current effort to get it merged into the mainline is being pursued by third parties.
A graph included in the Linux Foundation report shows how contributions from various companies have evolved over time. Red Hat's percentage of the total changes is decreasing while the volunteer community's is increasing. The graph also indicates the recent rise Samsung and Texas instruments as major contributors, which reflects the growing relevance of the Linux kernel in the consumer electronics industry.
The kernel developers have grown increasingly frustrated with fragmentation in the mobile and embedded hardware ecosystems. The issues with ARM support in the kernel have raised a lot of concerns and eventually became a major topic of discussion in 2011. Organizations like Linaro have emerged to help simplify matters and major component manufacturers are starting to take a more active roles upstream.
From supercomputers to smartphones, the Linux kernel is a versatile and widely-used piece of technology. The base of contributors seems to reflect the diversity of Linux adopters. The strength and vendor-neutrality of kernel development illustrates the strength of open governance and participatory development. Readers who want to see the full report can download the PDF from the Linux Foundation's website.
This week, the Stellar network experienced a ledger fork that is related to a failure of the underlying Ripple/Stellar consensus system. We are completing our review of the impact, but early reports indicate that the impact was not major. We are reaching out to all the known gateways and exchanges to see what we can do to assist.
Given how novel consensus systems are and our belief that we should be transparent about the technology, which includes its strengths and weaknesses, we wanted to provide some context for the ledger fork and how it happened in Stellar.
Issue 1: Sacrificing safety over liveness and fault tolerance—potential for double spends
The Fischer Lynch Paterson impossibility result (FLP) states that a deterministic asynchronous consensus system can have at most two of the following three properties: safety (results are valid and identical at all nodes), guaranteed termination or liveness (nodes that don't fail always produce a result), and fault tolerance (the system can survive the failure of one node at any point). This is a proven result. Any distributed consensus system on the Internet must sacrifice one of these features.
The existing Ripple/Stellar consensus algorithm is implemented in a way that favors fault tolerance and termination over safety. This means it prioritizes ledger closes and availability over everyone actually agreeing on what the ledger is—thus opening up several potential risk scenarios. For instance, there may be situations in which nodes diverge on different ledgers and a person can't be certain which ledger the network will ultimately decide to take. If the network switches to another ledger chain, then transactions from the discarded chain will be invalidated—this opens the network up to potential double-spend problems.
Issue 2: Provable correctness
Prof. David Mazières, head of Stanford's Secure Computing Group, reviewed the Ripple/Stellar consensus system and reached the conclusion that the existing algorithm was unlikely to be safe under all circumstances. Based these findings, we decided to create a new consensus system with provable correctness. This effort, led by Prof. Mazières, is underway. His white paper and the accompanying code are expected to be released in a few months.
What happens when consensus was not reached: a fork in the ledger
Prof. Mazières's research indicated some risk that consensus could fail, though we were nor certain if the required circumstances for such a failure were realistic. This week, we discovered the first instance of a consensus failure. On Tuesday night, the nodes on the network began to disagree and caused a fork of the ledger. The majority of the network was on ledger chain A. At some point, the network decided to switch to ledger chain B. This caused the roll back of a few hours of transactions that had only been recorded on chain A. We were able to replay most of these rolled back transactions on chain B to minimize the impact. However, in cases where an account had already sent a transaction on chain B the replay wasn't possible.
We are still investigating the triggers for this consensus failure, but believe it is caused by the innate weaknesses of the Ripple/Stellar consensus system outlined above compounded by the number of accounts in the network. Presently, we have approximately 140,000 active accounts a week and over 3 million total accounts which is in excess of the approximately 120,000 total accounts (active and inactive) this stack has previously supported.
Our monitoring of the network has made it clear that the underlying Ripple/Stellar consensus system is not performing at this level of scale, which is still small relative to the global financial system. In order for such protocols to perform at real-world levels with the expected degree of safety, this number of accounts should not be a problem.
Future actions: steps to building a consensus algorithm that can withstand a meaningful level of activity
One validator node to ensure no ledger forks: This situation has led us to believe it is no longer safe to run the existing Ripple/Stellar consensus system with more than one validating node because doing so would expose funds in the network to potential double spends and ledger forks. To ensure no ledger forks going forward in Stellar, we have decided to temporarily only run one validating node until the new consensus algorithm is live. Therefore, like the previous partial payments flag issue, this risk will no longer exist in Stellar.
This situation has led us to believe it is no longer safe to run the existing Ripple/Stellar consensus system with more than one validating node because doing so would expose funds in the network to potential double spends and ledger forks. To ensure no ledger forks going forward in Stellar, we have decided to temporarily only run one validating node until the new consensus algorithm is live. Therefore, like the previous partial payments flag issue, this risk will no longer exist in Stellar. Prioritization of development resources: Given this real world occurrence of the consensus system's previously theoretical risks, it is clear that we must prioritize the development of the new Stellar consensus algorithm and move away from the legacy consensus system to increase safety. The new Stellar consensus algorithm will not only be provably correct but also prioritize safety and fault tolerance over guaranteed termination. We believe this is a better choice since it is preferable for the system to pause than to enter divergent and contradictory states. You can keep abreast of progress on this via our Github.
If you have questions about what this means for your implementation, please feel free to email us at [email protected]
David F. Sandberg is in talks to direct “Shazam,” for New Line, TheWrap has exclusively learned.
Sandberg has “Annabelle 2” the sequel to 2014 supernatural horror film, “Annabelle,” set to be released by New Line on August 11th, 2017.
The Swedish filmmaker broke out with his 2016 debut “Lights Out,” which is based on his 2013 acclaimed horror short of the same name. A sequel to the film is also in the works at New Line.
Also Read: Andrea Berloff to Make Directorial Debut With Female Mob Drama 'The Kitchen' for New Line
Shazam, aka Captain Marvel, has an alter ego Billy Batson, who can transform into superhero form by saying the words “Shazam,” and then develops the powers of six mythological gods.
In the last decade, Shazam has regularly appeared in “Justice League of America” comics as well as Frank Miller's “Batman” comics.
Also Read: Dwayne Johnson to Star in DC 'Black Adam' Spin-Off
New Line's upcoming slate includes “Fist Fight,” “Going in Style,” “Annabelle 2” and “It.” The company collaborated with Johnson on “Central Intelligence” last year, and also released “The Conjuring 2,” “Lights Out,” “Me Before You” and “Collateral Beauty.”
Sandberg is repped by Paradigm.
Nestlé tempts dogs with TV ads
Geneva - The world's biggest food company Nestlé is seeking to conquer the dog food market with special advertising targeted at man's best friend.
"Nestlé Purina has created the first-ever television commercial especially for dogs," it said in a statement.
"The TV commercial to be screened on Austrian television uses different sounds - including a high frequency tone - to capture the attention of four-legged friends and their owners," it added.
The advertisement includes three sounds that can be picked up by dogs, including a squeak that is similar to the sound made by dogs' toys as well as a high-pitched "ping".
Another is a high frequency tone that can be captured by dogs, but which humans can barely hear.
The Swiss food giant has been seeking ways to tempt man's best friend.
In August it said it had developed an ice-cream for dogs, which are lactose intolerant and which are unable to digest regular dairy products properly.
The San Antonio Spurs were forced to triple their offer for free agent Manu Ginobili because of a strong pitch from the Philadelphia 76ers, according to The Vertical's Adrian Wojnarowski.
Ginobili agreed to terms with the Spurs Thursday on a reported one-year, $14-million deal. Wojnarowski reports that number was triple what the Spurs had originally hoped to offer the 15-year veteran because the 76ers had doggedly pursued him with a two-year offer that apparently promised between $16-17 million next seasons.
Philly's offer to Manu that forced San Antonio's hand, sources say, was a two-year pact at roughly $30 million (Year 2 partially guaranteed) — Marc Stein (@ESPNSteinLine) July 14, 2016
Ginobili has historically taken "hometown discounts" from the Spurs in the past. Last season for instance, he made $2.8 million - a figuratively paltry sum for a player of his stature. However, after the 38-year-old announced his intention to return to the NBA, Ginobili's agent stressed they would be looking for a "good deal" that corresponds with the league's rising salary cap.
Whether Ginobili would have actually entertained joining the 76ers will never be known, but Wojnarowski reports that the Spurs' financial commitment to have him end his career in a San Antonio uniform forced them to part ways with backup center Boban Marjanovic.
The Spurs opted not to match Marjanovic's reported three-year, $21-million offer sheet with the Detroit Pistons last week, making the 7-foot-3 Serb a Piston.
Fresh off seeing a solar eclipse on Sunday, people across the southern parts of Africa witnessed another solar spectacle today, a sun halo. “It was so beautiful, everyone was taking pictures and sharing them on Facebook,” said Daniël Engelbrecht from Klerksdorp, South Africa, sending in his picture to Universe Today via email.
These halos are quite the sight to see, but unlike an eclipse, they can't be predicted. Conditions in the atmosphere have to be just right, with moisture or ice crystals creating a “rainbow” effect around the Sun. Sometimes the halos surround the Sun completely, other times, they appear as arcs around the Sun creating what is known as sundogs. Basically, sunlight is reflecting off moisture in the atmosphere.
Ice crystals in Earth's atmosphere can also cause rings around the Moon, and moondogs(as well as sundogs) and even Venus pillars. News reports indicate sun halos were seen just a few days ago in Africa as well, on Nov. 1, 2013.
A few other people sent in images from their phones, too of today's sun halo:
According to this geographically noteworthy Quora answer, the diving line between Northern California and Southern California has been declared. The line, it seems, goes right through San Luis Obispo. Lucas J Meeker, who created the dividing line, notes: "[T]here is an X factor here which is that the coast from Lompoc to Carmel is generally referred to as the Central Coast, and as a result could be considered somewhat of a floating barrier. You might see the occasional 'bro' in this region repping a 'CenCal' vinyl decal on his lifted truck. He is most likely from the Fresno area, if not from Paso Robles/San Luis Obispo."
But who takes Fresno? Meeker goes on to point out, "Bakersfield is definitely SoCal and Modesto is definitely NorCal, and nobody wants to lay claim to Fresno, the apparent regional culture DMZ." Which, sure. Many claim Fresno is a less than a wasteland. But we sort of like the place. Sort of like it. It's got a heavy Armenian population, raisins grow there, and national treasure Audra McDonald hails from Fresno. So, why not, let's say it's part of NorCal. Sounds good.
Hey, at least it's not Riverside.
(Thanks for the tip, Don Otvos!)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Azerbaijan's violence in Nagorno Karabakh contains genocidal elements, Armenia's Defense Minister said at the Genocide memorial in Tsitsernakaberd on Sunday, April 24.
Commenting on the 4-day military actions in Karabakh, Seyran Ohanyan cited Armenian soldiers' combat readiness as a big advantage, adding that “the shortcomings have been analyzed for a further improvement of the situation.”
“We are not going to cede an inch of land to Azerbaijan,” the Minister said.
“The situation was rather tense in the northern (Martakert) section of the contact line on April 23. Azerbaijan escalates the situation on important days to check our vigilance. Karabakh frontline units, however, control the situation on the contact line, ready for any developments.”
Also, the Minister refuted Azerbaijani media claims that a Karabakh tank has been destroyed.
ADVERTISEMENT
The suggestion sounds ludicrous: How could Christianity be responsible for the all-but-assured triumph of the movement for gay marriage? Aren't the most committed Christians the most passionate defenders of traditional marriage and hence the most ardent opponents of permitting gay couples to marry?
From the overwhelming support for traditional marriage among white evangelical Protestants in the United States to the Catholic Church's definition of homosexuality as "intrinsically disordered" to the black (Catholic and Anglican) Christians of Uganda who have recently worked to pass one of the most draconian anti-gay laws in the world, the answer would seem to be yes.
But things aren't quite so simple. Just flip through the opening pages of everyone's favorite work of secular prophesy — Alexis de Tocqueville's Democracy in America (1835–1840) — and you'll find a provocative alternative interpretation of Christianity's indispensable role in the creation of the revolutionary ideal of human equality. The stunningly rapid rise of support for gay marriage over the past two decades is just the latest in a very long line of victories for that consummately Christian ideal — and it's unlikely to be the last.
Tocqueville begins the introduction to his two-volume study of American democracy by noting that "a great democratic revolution is taking place among us." The 700-page book is his attempt to make sense of this revolution, which was transforming life across the European continent during his lifetime, but which was already far more advanced in the United States by the time of his famous visit in 1831.
For Tocqueville, the march of equality was upending age-old institutions and moral habits "in all the Christian world." It was a "providential fact," by which he meant that there was nothing anybody could do to stop it.
The ultimate source of the democratic revolution — the motor behind its inexorable unfolding — is the figure of Jesus Christ, who taught the equal dignity of all persons, and declared in the Sermon on the Mount that the last shall be first and the first shall be last, and that the meek shall inherit the earth.
These are among the most subversive teachings ever uttered — and according to Tocqueville, Western civilization has been working out their logic for the better part of two millennia, as political communities have applied Christ's egalitarian teachings in stricter and stricter terms.
First, the rigidly hierarchical order of the Roman Empire assimilated and transformed Christ's message, creating a series of stratified Christian aristocracies that ruled Europe for centuries. But by the 11th century, the clergy, which "opened its ranks to all, to the poor and to the rich, to the commoner and to the lord," had gained political power. In this way, the principle of equality began to "penetrate through the church to the heart of government."
Over the next 700 years, as Tocqueville tells it, "a double revolution" transpired: "The noble has fallen on the social ladder, and the commoner has risen; the one descends, the other climbs. Each half century brings them nearer, and soon they are going to touch."
They already did touch in the United States, the world's first nation settled by egalitarian Christians (the Puritans) and explicitly dedicated in its founding documents to the principle of universal human equality. Where France required a violent revolution to overturn recalcitrant elements within its social order and advance the cause of equality, the United States merely needed to declare and secure its independence from a foreign power, before allowing the egalitarianism already implicit in its habits and institutions to flower and flourish.
Tocqueville was fascinated by the question of what democracy in America would look like, because he thought it was inevitable that the rest of Western civilization would soon follow it in building societies dedicated to equality. But he was also filled with "a sort of religious terror...by the sight of this irresistible revolution that for so many centuries has marched over all obstacles, and that one sees still advancing today amid the ruins it has made."
Roughly 80 years before the fictional lords and ladies of Downton Abbey begin to realize it, Tocqueville understood that the world of aristocratic privileges was slipping away and would soon be reduced to ruins. That is what inspired his religious terror.
The same terror grips opponents of gay marriage today, as the Christian principle of equality overturns and transforms the Christian tradition's historic understanding of what a marital partnership is and can be. In this sense, at least, opposition to gay marriage parallels an earlier generation's opposition to interracial marriage. In both cases, the opponents of change are attempting to stand against the march of equality. In both cases, the opponents will fail.
By all means, let's ensure that the religious rights of these opponents are protected. But let's also hope that they will eventually follow Tocqueville's example in recognizing that a major reason why equality always wins is that the new order is always more just than what preceded it. This is why Tocqueville counseled resignation and acceptance rather than a reactionary response — because, he concluded, trying to "stop democracy...[is] to struggle against God himself."
None of this means anything as crude as "Christ wants gay marriage." But it does mean that we live in a culture in which reformers who successfully claim the mantle of equality inevitably triumph — because those who oppose equality find it impossible to gain public traction for their own side of the argument.
Equality always wins. And equality became the lodestar of Western culture thanks to Christianity.
Fire Soul.
You know, your soul has signed up for a lifetime of being fused. Purgatory.
Phoenix souls disobey many natural laws. They fall, they die, they resurrect and soar, stronger than before. Knowing they're going to die over and over again. It's insane and not for the faint of heart.
But having those magical phoenix traits, you're aware of your depth and strength. You can handle your mission. You can stand to look into the abyss, sensing the heat that's going to kill you, with terror in your eyes, your ears ringing, heart racing, knees shaking, tears pouring down your cheeks – knowing that it will happen.
Well, of course there is something like a choice for you. There is always an alternative, even with your back against a wall, you'll still find a way out, a plan B.
But if you refuse to be fused, it will get worse even. The pangs of yearning in your soul, the awareness of what you can be and of what is actually calling you, the anguish of denial, that doesn't let you sleep at night… because you can hear it. You are called.
You know your truth. The truth. The whispers have been with you since the day your senses started working. The terror won't stop, it will push you towards the edge, mercylessly. You can make it a slower and more straining process, but the flames are inevitable.
Don't be stupid, just think of the countless times you've been burning. Of course it's terrible.
But what's the alternative, really? Running through life, with your hands before your eyes, pretending to be invisible: “I can't see you, so you can't see me!” Is that what you've burnt and died for a zillion times before? To try your hardest to put things on hold this time?
Yes, you are tired. Yes, it sucks. It's freaking unfair. Why not pass the ball to somebody else? Taking a well-deserved time out.
It could have been so nice: you've imagined yourself staying in that lovely bubble of predictability and safety (aka your comfort zone). You did everything you could to avoid things that could have you waking up.
Blinders, earplugs, TV, addictions, friends who are asleep themselves, keeping yourself busy with stupid boring dayjobs, with attempts to be perfect and to juggle all the masks you've taken on over time.
You tried to starve your soul, that sucker. It never shuts up! It constantly made you wake up with that hollow feeling in your tummy, that feeling that something was essentially off. “I don't see you – you don't see me! Lalalalalaaaahh!”
But there is some serious magical stuff going on in your environment which is beyond your capacity to control. ‘External triggers'.
Oh the joy and the giggles, that sound – like a million little bells – through the entire Universe. Synchronicity. Magical encounters. “Coincidences”. Catalysts. Soul-shaking Awakening.
And you can't resist it. It washes over you. It pulls you into depth, darkness, fire, it drowns your bullshit in love and digs out your gold from places you've never known existed.
Damn, and there it happened again: You find yourself in the flames, screaming. Although you've been there so often, you still hate the “shit, I'm dying in the flames again”-part.
Yes, after the burning it's so obvious how blessed you are for having such a fiery and strong soul. How much needed it's been to shed some old layers of crap again.
Even the “wow, I'm soaring, like always after death”-part is an ambiguous event: You feel the refinement, the increased focus and energy, your magical oomph is deeper, louder, more magnetic.
If you make the mistake to buy into the stuff your mind is making up, even the rising can be awkward. The doubting whether you've just gone crazy, the fear of soon finding yourself in a straightjacket. The not believing you can do this. The fear of owning your power.
“What power?”, you ask.
Well, start with the power of braving the fire. Of harnessing the elements on your behalf to work potent magic in the world. The power to direct energy and attention in ways that alter reality for you and for others. The power to cut through the BS and see the big picture of things. The power to tear up illusions.
“Really? I can do this? But how? Are you kidding?”
By using the courage and strength that you gained with every survival, every conscious choice of death and resurrection, like it's the most common thing in the world.
It is, by the way, but most muggles don't ever get there, you can't do this when you're sleeping. You can't dream it to make it happen, you have to fucking show up and do it.
That's what you've always done. You kind of forgot about it. This was for your protection. Are you ready to remember your power? Are you ready to use it?
That magic wand you crafted yourself? It wasn't just for fun. The crystals you've always carried with you because they made you feel better? Not coincidental at all. The pull towards the stars, and studying the planets? Makes sense. The feeling of your chest expanding to the point of physical pain? That's the space that contains your shining soul, and with it the capacity and the urge to love. Not just a bit, but fully, whole-soul, divine love of All-That-Is.
Notice something? The closer you look at it, the more the puzzle of your oh-so confused life becomes an image of magic and purpose. Those triggers that you used to hate? The pangs of Awakening? Divinely orchestrated to get you the fuck over your fear.
The experiences you've had – that's the fabric others write novels about. That's true for the terror and the miracles you've encountered. Your soul is holding the Universe together. Don't you think it's about time to honor that and contribute with all you've got, everything you've learned instead of remaining in denial, just because you're scared of the fire still?
You unite the elements in your heart, alchemized to gold. Sprinkle it everywhere, goddamnit. It's there, it's you.
Get the fuck over your endless overthinking and doubting the good things. You're a magical and powerful soul.
Your resistance isn't a bad thing in general, though. It made you get through the blaze unharmed and stronger than before. It made you hold on to life, over and over again.
But look, you're filled to the brim with magic, you have to put it somewhere, otherwise you explode. Or implode. Both scenarios don't sound very alluring or desirable. This all is energy, don't waste it. You're on fire. Share it, turn up the heat, let the gold flow over. Create, share, be magic. Because that's what you are.
You're magic, through and through. Don't break our hearts by refusing to be it, to be you.
It might look like life the way you knew it is about to collapse and fall apart. You have no clue what this all means and it feels kind of scary.
Trust that something enormous and magnificient is about to emerge, and it is going to fill the void that you're in right now. Remember: enormous and magnificient like your soul defines it, not the way you expect it or wish for it.
Be open for a major shift. Go with it. You will be engulfed, it will be terrifying and amazing. You will survive and be spit out a different person. You'll get there. And it will be so worth it.
There are cracks filled with light, you're a work in progress. You never could imagine how things will turn out. Trust, sweet soul! This is happening for you.
Your time is *now*.
By: Ascension Lifestyle Guest Contributor
Lina Boldt
Lina Boldt is a seeker, healer and writer, she has a Ninja-warrior survival record, and can often be found in the thick of deep transformational work, which made her gain quite some expertise in breakdowns and breakthroughs. Her current mission is all about surrender, and she can't live without chocolate.
Website: Disobey With Grace
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/karolinger.in
Facebook Group: for non-conformists and messy souls
Tom Nicholls has signed a new deal with the Suns
GOLD Coast has locked away ruckman Tom Nicholls for a further two years.
After weighing up his options for the past few months, the 24-year-old has agreed to stay with the Suns until at least the end of 2018.
It's great news for Gold Coast after midfielders Dion Prestia and Jaeger O'Meara both recently requested to be traded.
The finishing touches on the Nicholls deal are expected to be inked when he returns from a holiday to the United States later this month.
Just like his All Australian teammate Tom Lynch, Nicholls will become a free agent at the end of the new contract.
The 203cm ruckman had a mixed season, being dropped, then rediscovering some good form before being cut short by a PCL injury with three rounds to go.
Nicholls bravely played out the entire second half against Greater Western Sydney in round 20 despite carrying the injury.
He has played 45 games in his six seasons at the Suns, including 15 in each of the past two seasons.
Wish someone made this. Apple makes the Smart Cover for the full-size iPad and the iPad mini so why not for the iPhone 5? Designer Adrien Olczak, the brains behind this intriguing concept, rightfully points out that someone should “do this and take my money”. His idea is unlikely to become a reality in this form, even if it cries for Kickstarter.
Oh wait, an iPhone Smart Cover already exists!
Now, I don't know about you but I really dislike screen protectors because they're bad for multitouch performance more often than not. And as head-turning as designs of regular covers are, they're tough to remove and hide the handset's beautiful design, which is actually my main gripe with the sleeve industry in general…
Kudos to Matthew Panzarino of The Next Web for highlighting Olczak's concept.
Of course, such a smart cover could never work with the iPhone 4S because it doesn't have magnets inside. As for the iPhone 5, maybe its metallic body could lend itself to this becoming a reality, but imagine nicks and scratches from putting on the cover.
I'm also loving Olczak's hispter bike and Leica camera concepts.
What do you think?
Does this concept have legs?
Would you buy the official iPhone Smart Cover from Apple?
The Grid: A Digital Frontier
Ben Nolan Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 15, 2016
SceneVR has the concept of “The Grid”. The Grid is modelled on burning man, it is an endless flat expanse, that starts at the origin (0,0) and heads out to the North, East, West and South.
This tree signifies the origin (0,0,0) of the grid
Each position on the grid is represented by a coodinate eg, (0, 0) or (3,-2). The grid is made up of A-Frame scenes, which are html markup that gets converted into 3d shapes. A scene on the grid is exactly 32 metres by 32 metres in size, and 64 metres high. Currently all scenes on the grid sit on the same ground plane.
An overview of the grid using leaflet for mapping
As you move around the grid, SceneVR loads up the 9 nearest scenes and renders them for you. So that means you can see the scene you are in, and the scenes to the north, north-east, east, south-east, etc. Walk further to the east, and more scenes will load, and the scenes that you walked away from will unload. This is done for performance reasons, so that your computer doesn't have to render tiny details of a scene that is hundreds of metres away from you.
Approximations
However, having things on the grid pop out of existence as you walk away from them is kind of jarring. In the real world, you can't make out detail, but you can still see a tree from several hundred metres away. What SceneVR needed, was a way of rendering an approximation of a scene from far away, so that instead of things popping out of nothingness, you can see a distant scene, and then when you get close to it, the real scene loads and you can see fine detail.
In this screenshot, the teapot and the manatees are real 3d models
But when you walk back another 30 metres, the teapot gets replaced with a 2d representation
How we solve this problem for The Grid is that when you upload a scene to the grid, we take photos of the scene from four elevations, north, south, east and west. This is an orthogonal representation of the scene on a transparent background, which although only an approximation of how the scene looks, it does a pretty good job of showing you what the scene will look like when you get closer to it.
Instead of having to render a 4000 face manatee, your GPU only has to render a 512px wide picture of a manatee. This is similar to how games on low-end systems render two perpendicular planes to represent a tree at a distance, except instead of rendering a tree, we're rendering far off scenes.
We're still working on the exact implementation of this, and there is a bit more development to do around smoothly transitioning from the approximation to the real scene (for example, we should wait until the scene is fully loaded before we fade out the approximation to prevent things popping in and out, we could try and use fog to fade things out in the distance), but the experiments so far are looking good.
Onward to the metaverse!
Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States).
Page/Link: Page URL: Page URL: HTML link: <a href="https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wiccan+prison+chaplain+sparks+controversy+in+Wisconsin.+(Around+The...-a083794867</a> HTML link: Citations: MLA style: "Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States).." The Free Library . 2002 Americans United for Separation of Church and State 26 Feb. 2019 "Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States)..". 2002 Americans United for Separation of Church and State 26 Feb. 2019 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wiccan+prison+chaplain+sparks+controversy+in+Wisconsin.+(Around+The...-a083794867
Chicago style: The Free Library. S.v. Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States).." Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from The Free Library. S.v. Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States).." Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wiccan+prison+chaplain+sparks+controversy+in+Wisconsin.+(Around+The...-a083794867
APA style: Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States).. (n.d.) >The Free Library. (2014). Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from Wiccan prison chaplain sparks controversy in Wisconsin. (Around The States).. (n.d.) >The Free Library. (2014). Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Wiccan+prison+chaplain+sparks+controversy+in+Wisconsin.+(Around+The...-a083794867
A Wiccan chaplain at the Waupun Correctional Institution in Wisconsin is generating complaints from state lawmakers, some of whom are recommending the state discriminate on religious grounds when hiring staff in the future.The Rev. Jamyi Witch, who has served as a volunteer minister in the state prison system since 1999, began working as a full-time chaplain at the maximum security facility in December. According to a report in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Witch is believed to be the state's first Wiccan chaplain and one of only a handful nationwide.Gary McCaughtry, Waupun's warden, told the Journal Sentinel he hired the most qualified person for the job.However, Rep. Scott Walker (R-Wauwatosa), chairman of the legislature's Assembly Corrections and Courts Committee, condemned McCaughtry's decision."Witch's hiring raises both personal and political concerns," Walker said. "Not only does she practice a different religion than most of the inmates -- she practices a religion that actually offends people of many other faiths, including Christians, Muslims and Jews."Rep. Mike Huebsch (R-West Salem) said he will sponsor a measure to eliminate state funding for Witch's position. Ironically, Huebsch has argued repeatedly in recent years for increasing the number of chaplains serving in state prisons."Taxpayers shouldn't be forced to accept this hocus-pocus," Huebsch told reporters.As for Witch, she's anxious to get to work counseling inmates."I think it's very important for people to understand that when I walk though the prison walls, I am Chaplain Jamyi Witch, interfaith and non-denominational chaplain," she said. "I[Text incomplete in original source]
The remote northern corner of Alberta is home to the tar sands, a sprawling deposit of thick, heavy oil that is among the most greenhouse gas–intensive forms of petroleum to produce. In the past decade Canada has become the U.S.'s primary supplier of imported petroleum—ahead of Saudi Arabia—and more than half of it comes from this Florida-size reserve, the only place in the world where oil is mined, not drilled. Should President Barack Obama sign off on construction of the Keystone XL pipeline this year, the flow of tar sands oil, known as bitumen, into the U.S. would increase.
Sourcing more oil from Canada achieves the politically desirable goal of making the U.S. less dependent on OPEC. But bitumen exacts a heavy toll on the environment. As compared with conventional Saudi oil, it emits twice as much greenhouse gas per barrel because of the resources needed to process it. And although it is net-positive— providing between 7 and 10 Btu (British thermal units) of energy for every 1 Btu put into the tar sands—it is less so than conventional petroleum. Once it is mined, bitumen requires large amounts of gas-heated water to melt and separate it from the coarse grains of sand to which it is bound. At that point, the bitumen is still too tarry to flow, so it has to be chemically manipulated with heat and pressure to become yellowish crude oil, diesel, jet fuel or other typical hydrocarbon products. Or it can be diluted with light hydrocarbon liquids to become pitch-black “dilbit” (for “diluted bitumen”), capable of traveling via pipeline to the U.S.
Some environmental scientists see tapping the oil sands as a disastrous tipping point for global warming. In an analysis of how to restrain warming to an increase of two degrees Celsius or less above preindustrial levels, the International Energy Agency suggested that tar sands production should not exceed 3.3 million barrels a day. Yet approved tar sands production would surpass five million barrels a day—a fact that NASA climatologist James Hansen calls “game over for climate change.”
Photo by Danil Navsky via Stocksy
Last week, the House passed a bill intended to punish child pornographers, but the way it's written, teenagers caught sexting would face at least 15 years in prison. When critics pointed this out to the bill's sponsor, however, he insisted it was the government's "moral obligation … to defend the defenseless."
Louisiana Rep. Mike Johnson proposed the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017 "to criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct." In short, it would broaden current laws related to sexual exploitation of minors. But opponents say the bill would subject more people—such as high schoolers who send consensual, explicit photos to each other—to mandatory minimum sentencing. Under current law, first-time offenses for child porn are punishable by 15 to 30 years.
Read more: When Dating a Teen Is Legal, But Sexting with Her Is Not
According to a report from Reason, Texas Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee called the measure "deadly and counterproductive." A letter signed by her and other dissenters said, in part: "No child pornography offense should go unpunished. HR 1761, however, would subject more individuals to mandatory minimum penalties at a time when the federal criminal justice system should be moving away from such sentencing schemes. While well-intentioned, the bill would exacerbate a problem that is clearly unfair and unnecessary."
The ACLU agrees. Yesterday, the organization tweeted: "The purpose of child pornography laws is to prevent minors from being abused, not criminalize young people for sexual experimentation."
"In Scripture, Romans 13 refers to the governing authorities as 'God's servants, agents of wrath to bring punishment on the wrongdoer.'"
But Johnson, a Trump supporter, brushed off his colleagues' concerns. "In Scripture, Romans 13 refers to the governing authorities as 'God's servants, agents of wrath to bring punishment on the wrongdoer,'" he said. "I, for one, believe we have a moral obligation, as any just government should, to defend the defenseless."
The bill comes in response to a reportedly botched child exploitation case brought by the Department of Justice, in which federal prosecutors failed to convict a man who was accused of sexually abusing his seven-year-old neighbor. The defendant had taken one photo of the abuse, which the Court ruled insufficient evidence to prove he violated the child pornography statute. Reason reports that the Department of Justice pushed federal lawmakers to "make their prosecutorial overreach more permissible."
Watch Now: Inside the Fight to End Revenge Porn
Molly Gill, director of federal legislative affairs at Families Against Mandatory Minimums, says although HR 1761 covers very serious crimes, the problem is the bill is "incredibly broad in its definition of child pornography production." As a result, she explains to Broadly, "those minimum sentences can be applied to what's commonly called Romeo and Juliet cases, where you have young people who are romantically involved, producing photos of themselves doing naughty things and emailing them to themselves or others. You could have a 19-year-old high school senior and his 16-year-old girlfriend who's a sophomore, they film themselves, and they've just produced child pornography. If they email it to themselves or others, they've just distributed it, and now they'd get 15 years under this statute."
In an effort to fix the language of the bill, lawmakers proposed two amendments: One would have ensured teens would not be punished as sex offenders under this law, and another would have eliminated the mandatory minimum penalties. Both amendments failed to pass.
For More News Like This, Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Revising the bill to eliminate mandatory minimum sentencing would not have taken the 15-year punishment off the table, Gill explains; rather, it would have given a judge an optional sentencing provision. "You're talking about 18-, 19-, 20-year-olds—young people who are being certainly reckless, but do they need to spend 15 years in prison? At that young age, their brains are not even done developing yet. They have all the potential in the world ahead of them and a 15-year prison sentence is the fastest way to kill their future."
She adds: "The idea that we want to be tough on crime and protect our children is fine, but let's protect all of our children.
This 2007 list of the National Security Agency's major missions illustrates the sweep of the agency's goals for signals intelligence (Sigint) or electronic eavesdropping, which include not only such obvious targets as terrorist groups and Iran's nuclear program, but the diplomacy and economic policy of friendly countries.
On the idea that N.S.A. cannot cover everything, the document designates targets that can be set aside if necessary — in this case, minor terrorist groups and their supporters.
Top agency priorities include intelligence on the threat of disease epidemics and threats to the president and other top American officials.
The influence of Venezuela's leftist leaders and their allies in Latin America are a surprising priority, here described as “Bolivarian Developments.”
N.S.A. was looking out for “intrusions” from foreign cyberattackers (including code names for certain Chinese and Russian hacking groups).
The agency engages in “military deception” and other actions to mislead adversaries, though no examples are given.
N.S.A. watches out for new technologies that could give an edge to rivals — including allies as well as hostile countries.
While officials often describe N.S.A. as a counterterrorist agency, it also tries to intercept diplomatic communications of friends and enemies for an advantage in negotiations and policy making.
Among the countries identified as the most aggressive in spying on the United States are not just obvious rivals like China and Russia, but Israel, France and South Korea.
Economic policy and data are a major target of N.S.A. spying, though officials insist that it is used only by the government and not shared with American companies.
Climate change could drive the extinction of one in six species worldwide, according to a new study in the journal Science. Prior studies have predicted that select plant and animal species will die out due to rising sea levels and other effects of climate change, but this paper is the first to suggest that the problem worsens with every increase in global temperature. From the paper:
“Extinction risks from climate change are expected not only to increase but to accelerate for every degree rise in global temperatures…We urgently need to adopt strategies that limit further climate change if we are to avoid an acceleration of global extinctions.”
Scientists agree that rising global temperatures will have an effect on extinction rates, but the precise numbers vary widely between studies—biodiversity losses could range from 0% to 54%, depending on the species, location and climate model. Frustrated by the lack of definitive evidence, Mark Urban, a climate scientist at the University of Connecticut, analyzed 131 biodiversity studies and crunched the numbers.
Climate scientists say a 2°C average rise in global temperatures is essentially inevitable in our post-industrial world; but even if we stopped there, the data suggest 7.9 percent of all plant and animal species on the planet would go extinct. Worse, current models predict a global temperature increase of at least 4.3°C—at which point 16 percent of species face extinction.
To put those numbers in perspective, even if we curb our emissions beyond our wildest expectations, we can still expect 632,000 species to die out. If we keep emitting, that number rises to 1.2 million. (Note: These calculations assume that there are roughly 8 million plant and animal species on Earth, which is a decent estimate, but a hotly contested figure.)
Urban's findings also suggest that extinction rates will be highest in South America, Australia, and New Zealand, where endemic species—animals that only survive in very specific ecosystems—have thrived for millennia.
In a separate paper (also published in Science), Janneke Hille Ris Lambers, of the University of Washington, comments on the findings and stresses that while the data is far from conclusive, we would be foolish to delay cutting our emissions. “We should not wait for these forecasts before taking action, preferably by curbing emissions,” she writes. “If we do not, it is clear that we will soon be able to directly observe the impacts of climate change on biodiversity.”
Read More:
On the Cusp of Climate Change (NY Times)
We Actually Don't Know What Americans Think About Global Warming (Vocativ)
In the aftermath of the election, a dominant media narrative has been that women failed Hillary Clinton and failed each other. In this video based on the Atlantic associate editor Clare Foran's research, she explores exit poll numbers to add ambiguity to that idea. Clinton won women overall and female minorities supported her in droves. She lost white women to Donald Trump, but that demographic has been increasingly identifying as Republican over the past quarter century. A closer look also reveals that she even flipped college-educated white women, who mostly voted for Romney in 2012. Although she lost the election, women who saw themselves in her voted for Clinton and helped her win the popular vote.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Read more
MIAMI -- A man's planned explosive attack on a South Florida Jewish center was thwarted by the FBI through an undercover operation involving a dummy bomb, authorities said Monday.
James Medina, 40, made his initial appearance in federal court Monday following his arrest last week in the alleged plot against the Aventura Turnberry Jewish Center, which includes a synagogue, school and meeting halls. Medina is charged with attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, which carries a potential life prison sentence.
James Medina CBS Miami
CBS Miami reports Medina has had other run-ins with law enforcement. He reportedly was arrested in Coral Springs, accused of stalking by sending texts threatening gun and bomb violence against a family.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Marc Anton said the FBI learned in March that Medina - a Muslim convert who said in court he also goes by James Muhammad - planned to bomb the center by placing a device under a car or throwing it over a wall. An FBI undercover operative was used to provide Medina with a fake bomb.
In preparation for the proposed attack, Medina studied the synagogue property to assess its vulnerabilities. On April 29, 2016, Medina took possession of the fake explosive device and was arrested while approaching the synagogue.
A judge appointed a public defender for Medina, who began his court appearance by announcing "I got a few words of my own." U.S. Magistrate Judge William C. Turnoff told Medina he might want to keep his mouth shut.
"I urge you to understand that anything you say can be used against you," Turnoff said.
A bail hearing was scheduled for Thursday.
U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., who represents many of the Jewish center's 800 congregant families, suggested that Medina may have been motivated by anti-Jewish bias. The plot would have struck during the synagogue's Passover celebration last week.
"This attempted attack is a harsh reminder that there are many in our community who are motivated by bigotry and violence," she said in an email statement. "As a community and a nation we must work together to confront this kind of hatred."
A 17-page FBI affidavit unsealed Monday includes numerous comments allegedly made by Medina about his plan, which initially envisioned use of AK-47-style weapons to shoot up the Jewish center. Several of these conversations were recorded by an informant identified only as a "confidential human source" in the document.
According to the FBI, Medina wanted to create a leaflet to be left at the scene in which he would claim the attack was traced to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terror group. There's no evidence the group was actually linked to Medina, but he told the informant that leaflet would "make it look like it's ISIS (Islamic State) here in America. Just like that."
The plot, Medina said in one conversation, would be to "strike back at the Jews, by going to a synagogue and just spraying everybody ... It's a war man and it's, like, it's time to strike back here in America." Later, Medina called the plan "my Call of Duty."
Medina does not appear to be of sound mental health and quickly bounces from wanting to be a martyr to wanting to live and see all the news coverage of his carnage.
"When I'm doing this, I feel that I'm doing it for a good cause for Allah," he is quoted as saying.
Another undercover FBI employee several times asked Medina whether he really wanted to go through with the plot, which might include killing women and children.
"I'm up for it. I really am. This is no joke. This is serious, dog," Medina said on an FBI recording.
The Aventura center's Rabbi Jonathan Berkun and Executive Director Elliott Karp released a statement on the center's Facebook page saying the FBI stepped in before any harm could be done. Berkun and Karp said they had been briefed on the case by law enforcement officials.
"They assured us that the synagogue and school were never at risk at any time during the investigation and arrest, and that there are no credible threats directed against us at the present time," their statement said.
Medina said in court he is unemployed, divorced and has no assets. He has been arrested several previous times on relatively minor state charges, including a 2012 stalking case in which he was accused of threatening a Coral Springs family and their church with violence. The charges were later dropped.
Sins of Omission: What's Wrong With Gruber's Health Care Reform By Bryan Caplan
Given my interest in health economics and graphic novels, I was initially hopeful about Jonathan Gruber‘s graphic novel, entitled Health Care Reform: What It Is, Why It's Necessary, How It Works. But in all honesty, the book is awful. Gruber crafts his argument like a salesman, not an economic educator. He's careful to avoid outright mistakes, and makes a couple of awkward disclosures. Yet he omits a long list of crucial, damaging points.
1. Gruber explains the basic facts about health care costs: they're rising, and government picks up much of the tab. But he almost totally neglects the connection between the two. Medicare and Medicaid vastly increase demand for health care. There's no denying it. Imagine how much more affordable health care would be if these programs had never been adopted – or if they were abolished.
2. Gruber doesn't just ignore the indirect effects of Medicare and Medicaid on health costs. He repeatedly panders to the populist view that near-total insurance is good. He brags that Obamacare will close the “enormous gaps” in many private insurance policies. He frowns on insurance policies that place any ceiling on annual or lifetime payouts. He even reassures readers that, under Obamacare, the government's “comparative effectiveness research” cannot legally be used by private insurance companies to restrict health insurance coverage. Gruber's happy to blame “Cadillac” health insurance policies for raising medical costs. But private insurers' many efforts to restrain spending earn nothing but criticism from him.
3. More generally, Gruber ignores almost everything government does to increase the cost of health care. There's no discussion of medical licensing versus certification. There's no discussion of the regulatory barriers to low-cost, high-deductible policies. There's no discussion of medical liability. He mentions the high cost of “free” emergency room care, but fails to mention that this is a side effect of long-standing populist policy: government forces emergency rooms to treat people even if they certainly won't pay.
4. There's zero discussion of moral hazard – the unhealthy lifestyles that many people choose despite the risks. For Gruber, or at least Gruber the graphic novelist, bad health is something that “just happens to you.” Sigh. Insurance companies aren't omniscient, but they could do a lot more to tailor rates to risks – if it were legal to do so. And maybe people would respond to those incentives by living healthier lives.
5. Gruber fails to counter “You can't put a price on safety” populist rhetoric with the basic economic logic of risk. Namely: There's a trade-off between risk and other goods – and no person or society can afford perfect safety. Indeed, he panders to the populists. Gruber mentions people who “think they don't need insurance because they are healthy” – then condescendingly adds, “They don't realize that if they do get sick, they won't be able to afford the care they need.” Yes, or maybe they've weighed the risks and reasonably decided to take their chances.
6. Gruber never mentions health economists' consensus that health care is vastly overrated. Differences in medical treatment explain at most a tiny fraction of (a) why we're so much healthier than we used to be, and (b) why the rich are so much healthier than the poor. Gruber does admit that a lot of health care spending is pure waste. But he neglects one of the best explanations: We waste a lot of health care because patients overrate its effectiveness.
7. Gruber is quick to praise the wonders of Romneycare in Massachusetts. But he doesn't mention the fact that Massachusetts already had extremely high coverage: coverage increased from 94% to 96%. (Gruber says 98%, but I'll go with Wikipedia). Achieving Massachusetts-level coverage at the national level, where coverage rates are markedly lower, will be far more expensive.
8. Gruber studiously avoids the most remarkable health care system on earth: Singapore's. While it's far from laissez-faire, it's amazingly cheap and effective, and relies very heavily on individual incentives. Why should anyone “learn from Massachusetts” when they can learn from Singapore?
9. Gruber praises the CBO's “evidence-based estimates of how legislation will impact our nation,” including its estimates of the budgetary effects of Obamacare. But he never mentions the crucial caveat: the CBO takes politicians at their word. If legislation says that it's going to reduce Medicare reimbursements, CBO assumes those cuts will actually happen – even though Congress habitually reverses its cuts before the day of reckoning arrives. CBO's estimates are about as “evidence-based” as the statement “If my father was a king, I'd be a prince.”
10. To his credit, Gruber carefully explains (a) the indirect consequences of banning pre-existing conditions clauses, and (b) how the individual mandate mitigates these indirect consequences. Unfortunately, he doesn't take this chance to explain that, contrary to most economists and econ textbooks, insurance companies are quite good at solving adverse selection problems – unless regulations prevent insurers from charging riskier people higher rates.
11. Gruber ignores the disemployment effects of fining employers who fail to provide coverage for their employees. He just panders to populist prejudice: Obamacare gives small firms a tax credit, and big corporations can easily afford to pay. (“Companies of that size should be offering insurance, or contributing to their employees' coverage.”) Never mind the unemployment rate – or nominal wage rigidity.
12. Gruber's book begins and ends with the high cost of medical care and what to do about it. But what does Obamacare really do about costs? Not much. Right now the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission gives “nonbinding” recommendations to Congress. Under Obamacare, the new IPAB gives recommendations that Congress legally has to “respond to.” In my book, that's still “nonbinding.”
13. Gruber emphasizes how “complicated” cost control is. But we should support Obamacare anyway:
To not support this bill because it doesn't “do enough” on cost control is like criticizing a baby for not going directly to long-distance running.
In reality, cost control is simple. Everyone knows how to do it: Austerity and incentives. Government needs to spend less, and stop using regulation to discourage frugality. Alas, these realistic solutions are extremely unpopular. Gruber is too technocratic to go full populist and say, “We should spend as much as it takes to give the best possible health care to every American.” But in the end, that's the philosophy behind Obamacare: Do whatever it takes to cover everyone, and hope the American public one day sees the wisdom of austerity and incentives.
President Trump defended pardoning controversial former Sheriff Joe Arpaio on Monday, calling him a “patriot” who was unjustly treated by former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE's Justice Department.
Speaking from the White House at a joint press conference with Finnish President Sauli Niinistö, Trump read off a list of past pardons and commutations that presidents have taken heat for, including Obama's handling of Chelsea Manning and Oscar Lopez Rivera.
ADVERTISEMENT
Arpaio was charged with defying a court order telling him to stop racially profiling Latinos, and Trump insinuated on Monday that the Obama administration was trying to sink Arpaio's reelection campaign for sheriff with the charges.
“He lost in a fairly close election,” Trump said. “He would've won the election. They just hammered him before the election. I thought that was a very, very unfair thing to do.”
Obama commuted the prison sentences of Manning and Rivera. Manning leaked classified information to WikiLeaks, and Rivera was a member of a Puerto Rican nationalist group responsible for bombings.
Trump also cited President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE's controversial pardon of Marc Rich, a former donor, who had fled the country during his prosecution for tax evasion.
Trump was criticized for announcing the pardon late on Friday night as Hurricane Harvey bore down on the Texas Coast. He said he made the announcement at that hour because he knew more people would be watching cable news.
“I assumed the ratings would be far higher than normal with the hurricane just starting,” Trump said.
This story was updated at 5:26 p.m.
GUWAHATI: The Centre will invest Rs 15,000 crores to develop 1,253 kilometres of roads in Assam into National Highways over the next few years, Union Minister Nitin Jairam Gadkari said today."When Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonwoal met me, he demanded to declare 1,253 kilometres of state roads as National Highways. Today I am declaring that those will be developed as NHs," he said here.Inaugurating the second road bridge over Brahmaputra here, the Union Road Transport and Highways Minister said the Centre has already sanctioned an investment of Rs 15,000 crores for developing the existing roads as NHs."I have ordered to prepare the DPR (Detailed Project Report) and it will be over soon. I hope the CM will initiate land acquisition process soon. As soon as the state government gives us the land and forest clearances, we will start the work immediately," he said.Gadkari said the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (NHIDCL) will spend Rs 8,000 crores over the next two years for developing 143 kilometres of road, including a few bridges over Brahmaputra."The work on preparing the DPR for the bridge connecting Sonowal's constituency Majuli has already started. I have asked the officials to make a light weight and cost-effective bridge there," he said.The Union Minister said the government was mulling construction of an axis control highway along the Brahmaputra for free flow of traffic and flood mitigation by dredging the river.He informed that Rs 1,00,000 crore worth of works for developing road infrastructure in Assam will be carried out by the end of the five-year tenure of the Central government."Out of that amount, works amounting to Rs 65,000 crores have already been sanctioned. Taking into account all the sanctioned projects, Assam will have a total of 6,790 kilometres of highways," Gadkari said.The Road Transport and Highways Ministry had set a target of constructing 40 kilometres of road every day by the end of this fiscal, but the ministry will miss the target."We had achieved 18 kilometres a day in December and we are hopeful of reaching 30 kilometres every day by March. We will now reach the target of constructing 40 kilometres of road every day in next financial year," Gadkari said.The new Brahmaputra bridge at Saraighat in the state capital here is constructed next to the existing double-decker rail-cum-road bridge to ease out massive traffic congestion.The new 1.49-kilometre bridge is constructed by National Highways Authority of India at an investment of Rs 475 crores.This much delayed bridge was scheduled to be inaugurated on January 1 this year by Gadkari, but the Assam government, in an unexpected 'superstitious' move, had postponed it to avoid the "inauspicious" month of Puh.The month of Magh, which started from January 15, is not considered "inauspicious" like Puh, Assam PWD Minister Parimal Suklabaidya had said.
Dozens of volunteers gathered in front of Oakland City Hall on Friday to show support for a local landlord at the center of a legal fight over the unsanitary conditions at a residence hotel she used to own.
The city is suing Alice Tse over the conditions at the Empyrean Towers hotel after a series of 2 Investigates reports uncovered the unsafe conditions inside. Tse's supporters say the city is treating the property owner unfairly.
“If this thing happened to Alice, it will happen on every property owner in the Bay Area,” said volunteer Alex Ko.
A crowd of about 30 people chanted in English and Chinese outside and carried signs, some saying “Alice is innocent,” before taking their protest inside City Hall.
Tse did not attend the rally herself, but for the first time her mother Jannny Tsui spoke publicly, through a translator, to defend her daughter.
“She says she doesn't have money for living,” the translator said on behalf of Tsui. “She's asking the questions ‘Why? What did I do wrong? What did my daughter do wrong?'”
Tsui said the city has seized some of her property as part of the legal claims against her daughter.
In 2015, the City of Oakland sued Tse and Empyrean Towers alleging years of code violations, illegal evictions, and even abuse of tenants. Later that year, a court-ordered receiver stepped in to run the day-to-day operations of the Empyrean Towers after a judge stripped control of the hotel from owners.
The move was one of the demands in the city's lawsuit filed by City Attorney Barbara Parker. Parker's office credited 2 Investigates for exposing unsafe and unsanitary conditions at the property.
2 Investigates revealed video and pictures showing brown water in tenants' sinks, holes in walls, broken doors in the common bathrooms, cracked windows, faulty plumbing, and incomplete repair jobs.
Cell phone video taken by an attorney representing some tenants revealed the doors to some vacant rooms at the hotel had been nailed shut.
When we asked Friday about the living conditions at Empyrean Towers, Tsui said her daughter was in the process of fixing the issues, but the city did not give Tse enough time. Although she could not provide proof, she said in some cases the tenants caused the damages themselves.
“The city already inspected it and the next week, they'd come back and it would be broken again,” Tsui said.
Friday's protesters, some of who are landlords themselves, said they feared Tse's case sets a dangerous precedent for all Bay Area landlords.
“We are afraid the government will do this to other owners too, and not giving them their fair chance” said Meina Young, a volunteer at the rally. “The government is trying to take over the property and that is not fair.”
In July 2015, Tse agreed to a deal that would have provided $500,000 to cover a long list of overdue repairs at Empyrean Towers. At the time, Tse also agreed not to oppose the decision to place the property into receivership. The funding and receivership ultimately fell through and Tse filed for bankruptcy that same month.
Last year, a federal bankruptcy judge approved the sale of the Empyrean Towers hotel to a Berkeley-based affordable housing non-profit group called Resources for Community Development (RCD), paving the way for what tenants and their attorneys hope is reform at the hotel.
2 Investigates reached out to Tse but did not receive a response before the time of publication. At a hearing in March, Tse also declined to speak to KTVU producers regarding the ongoing Empyrean Towers lawsuit with the city.
INTERACTIVE TIMELINE OF EMPYREAN TOWERS INVESTIGATION:
(Mobile users click here)
RELATED STORIES:
Empyrean Towers in Oakland a step closer to rehab: 2 Investigates
2 Investigates: Court approves sale of Empyrean Towers to non-profit
2 Investigates: Owner of troubled Oakland hotel agrees to pay for major repairs
2 Investigates: Owners of notorious Oakland hotel forced to give up control
2 Investigates: New complaints, enforcement questions about troubled East Bay hotel
2 Investigates: Ex-Owner of troubled hotel fined for illegal Airbnb listings
KTVU 2 Investigates wins Edward R. Murrow Award for Empyrean Towers investigative series
FREE subscription to Receive Quality Stories Straight in your Inbox!
RELATED POSTS
by Angela GarrisonWhat could I possibly have against these cute little “healthy” snacks that can be found in school lunchboxes across America? It's back to school time and baby carrots are one snack to keep out of your childs lunch.It may shock you that baby carrots do not come out of the ground that way. There is no little baby carrot garden where these are harvested. Manufactured baby carrots are a result of taking all the broken and “ugly” big carrots they can't put in the package, grinding them all up, processing them into the “baby” carrots and giving them a bath in chlorine to give them a bright happy orange color. There are also “Cut & Peel” baby carrots that are widdled into a miniature form.If you look on the package it doesn't say “Chlorine”, because it was added as part of manufacturing and not added as an ingredient…why is that?Packaged foods contains lots of chemicals both in the ingredients and in the manufacturing process. The tricky part is chemicals added as part of the manufacturing process are not considered to be an ingredient therefore does not have to be listed on the food label. So there is no way to tell what else is hiding in that box or package.As defined by the EPA, Chlorine is a pesticide. Its purpose is to kill living organisms. So it would make sense that when you ingest chlorine, it kills some parts of our body like the healthy bacteria in your gut and intestinal flora for instance. Chlorine is a highly toxic, yellow-green gas most heavily used in chemical agents like household cleaners and can be found in the air near industrial areas especially around paper processing plants. Exposure to Chlorine has been linked to health problems such as sore throat, coughing, eye and skin irritation, rapid breathing, narrowing of the bronchi, wheezing, blue coloring of the skin, accumulation of fluid in the lungs, pain in the lung region, severe eye and skin burns, lung collapse, a type of asthma known as Reactive Airways Dysfunction Syndrome (RADS).Chlorine is also added to the public water supply. So not only are you drinking it, but you are absorbing it through the largest organ in your body, your skin. In fact, 2/3 of human absorption of chlorine is from inhaling the steam in the form of chloroform and fast absorption through your open pores in the warm shower or bath. The inhalation of chloroform is a suspected cause of asthma and bronchitis, especially in children… which has increased 300% in the last two decades. Other health risks associated with chloroform is cancer, potential reproductive damage, birth defects, dizziness, fatigue, headache, liver and kidney damage. Chloroform is also found in the air and in food, like baby carrots.Conclusion: Stick to organically grown whole carrots. They are really easy to find as you can buy them at your local farmers market or grocery store. Wash them and cut them into sticks for your childs lunch box. Carrots are an excellent snack that we enjoy all the time. Enjoy!Source: thealternativedaily
A new app designed at IIASA makes agricultural data available for gardeners and smallholder farmers around the world, and allows users to share information and inform future research.
Knowing what to plant and when is vital information both for farmers and for gardeners who want to grow their own fruits and vegetables. The Growers Nation app, officially released last Friday, provides this information as well as other vital details in an easy-to-use format designed for both small-scale gardeners and farmers in developing countries.
“The Growers' Nation app tells you which fruits, vegetables and other crops will grow well in your area, and when it's best to plant and harvest them. You can also connect with other local growers to learn useful growing tips and share your knowledge,” says Tobias Sturn, the lead app developer on the project.
One goal of the app is to help to reduce food insecurity in developing countries, by providing information to farmers to help boost crop yields and production, for example by encouraging farmers to plant diverse crops.
“Initially we are aiming to reach farmers in Kenya and Tanzania, two countries in Africa with large numbers of smallholder farmers, thriving mobile phone use and a good network of contact points on the ground,” says Steffen Fritz, leader of a major ERC project which helped to fund the app. “We hope that this app will encourage farmers with similar growing conditions to communicate with one another, helping them to adapt to climate change and to discuss solutions to problems such as pests, disease and so on.”
At the same time, the app connects and enables a network of citizen scientists, ordinary citizens worldwide who can upload information about what they planted and harvested. In the future the app will also allow users to upload information about soil moisture and soil type.
Finally, the app serves as a source of education and information for gardeners around the world, raising awareness of agriculture and the environment, as well as science in the general public.
The app uses data on temperature, precipitation, elevation, slope, and other factors, available from the GEOSS portal. It was developed at IIASA in cooperation with Growers Nation, the University of Maryland and the United Kingdom Met Office, as part of the Geo Appathon, which ended on 26 September, 2014.
The Growers Nation App is available on iTunes and Google Play.
Viktor "Oldschool" Peterson giving a peek of his new tech; Glasses of Urza and Killer Bees.
Felipe Garcia studying Mastering Magic Cards to get some last minute hints on how to win.
Long time collector and first time 93/94 player Mällroth shows up to battle in a kilt and Serra Angel t-shirt.
The Arvika crew looks ready to battle. Rad dudes with cool decks.
Three-time Shark winner Elof, and behind him the Swedish national Legacy champion Vigo (who btw defeated Elof in the finals for the title.)
Sveby, one of the formats first players, came to pick up his new Eureka-playmat made by Felipe.
Elof also got a new mat from Felipe, a Leviathan eating a Giant Shark. Subtle ;)
The players have gathered.
Facing off against Nikolai Weibull in game 1. Nikolai won Nationals 1997 and helped to take the Swedish team to a 2nd place in the World team championships that year. He also uses the Spellground Elite design on his playmat :)
Fireball for the overkill. With double Candelabra and Mana Flare, each land will generate up to 7 manas.
Munchausen goes for the Su-Chi beatdown.
Mana Draining an Unstable Mutation for the win.
Felipe having a hard time against Jenny's Hypnotics and Underworld Dreams.
No pain, no gain. Roland with double Juzam and Serendib vs two Underworld Dreams.
Tapping out for Moss Monster against double Rock of Kher Ridges. Keeping the damage at bay with Spirit Link and CoP:Red. Clearly top5 best board states ever.
Erhnamgeddon vs The Deck.
Jocke responds to Rafiki's turn 1 Library with turn 1 Library. Fairly unfair.
Elof swapping stories with n00bcon winner Stalin and pimpvitational winner Jocke Almelund.
A rare moment of a lonely looking Juzam at the opposite side of the table.
Kird Apes and Candelabras.
LeatherJacket mirror.
Goblins vs some kind of Bazaar combo.
The Deck faces an onslaught of big creatures.
Semifinals. Electric Eel Aggro seems to have won "The Mishra Lottery" against monoblack.
Finals. Myfz's MonoBlack vs Hagelpump's UR Burn.
MonoBlack explodes with turn one Juzam.
After three very tight games, a still happy Myfz has to admit defeat to the Serendibs and Shivan Dragon. Very well played! Hagelpump is as happy as I've ever seen a Magic player. Well played, well deserved, and big congratulations!
Hagelpumps winning deck from BSK 2014.
A weekend with good Magic and great people has passed in Borås. This was one of the largest old school tournament thus far, and we saw a lot of new faces and creative decks among the 40 players.I'll be posting player profiles and deck techs during the coming weeks, and hopefully we'll also get a tournament report written by one of the participants in the near future. For now, lets look at some pictures from the event.Thanks for a sweet tournament, looking forward to the next time!
(CNN) The House Russia investigation hearing Wednesday into Russia's efforts to hack state voting systems quickly turned into a grueling examination of the Democratic Party's extensive failings during the election, as Republicans and Democrats grilled former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.
Rep. Peter King, a New York Republican, pressed Johnson on why the Democratic National Committee rejected the Department of Homeland Security's efforts to help after Russians hacked them.
"It's not even like it was a Republican administration trying to hack in the DNC," King said.
"I recall clearly that I was not pleased that we were not in there helping patch this vulnerability," Johnson said. But he added, "The Department of Homeland Security does not have the power to issue a search warrant to go in over their objections."
The House intelligence committee hearing was slated to focus Russia's attempts to hack into state elections systems, happening simultaneously as a Senate intelligence panel of DHS and FBI officials were testifying on Russian cyberinterference with last year's elections.
"In 2016 the Russian government, at the direction of (Russian President) Vladimir Putin himself, orchestrated cyberattacks on our nation for the purpose of influencing our election -- plain and simple. Now, the key question for the president and Congress is: What are we going to do to protect the American people and their democracy from this kind of thing in the future?" Johnson said in his opening remarks.
The coordinated hacking effort from Russian-aligned hackers has received minimal attention in the congressional probes into Russia's interference in the election. President Donald Trump and his supporters have regularly noted that no votes were ever changed by Russian hackers -- something Obama and Trump administration intelligence officials have regularly stated in their testimony.
Johnson took heat from Democrats, angry that former President Barack Obama did not more forcefully announce Russia's meddling in the election in the midst of the election itself.
"Why wasn't that done? Was there thought given to that? Why was that course rejected?" asked Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee.
Johnson said that Obama clearly wanted that message out there, but did not want to make it look like he was putting his thumb on the scale for (Democratic presidential nominee) Hillary Clinton.
"We considered all those things and the decision was made that the Director of National Intelligence (James Clapper) and Department of Homeland Security together should make this statement," Johnson said.
The DNC quickly blasted back at Johnson Wednesday, following his testimony.
A DNC spokeswoman noted that DHS didn't reach out to DNC until August last year, after the hack was already public and after the DNC and FBI already fixed the security gap.
"The DNC has and will continue to cooperate with law enforcement on Russia's interference in our election. The DNC has been in regular contact with the FBI for many months and the FBI confirmed the DNC has provided all the information it needed to make its assessment. The DNC was contacted by DHS months after the DNC worked closely with the FBI to remedy the intrusion. The DNC then provided DHS with detailed information about the intrusion," said DNC spokeswoman Adrienne Watson.
Concerns about the security of voters' information were raised anew this week after a Republican voter data firm, Deep Root, accidentally left the data of 198 million voters exposed online earlier this month. And questions of what the Russian government was attempting resurfaced recently after a National Security Agency contractor allegedly leaked a report detailing those hacking attempts to a news outlet.
The recent NSA report -- written May 5 -- detailed extensively a Russian intelligence-directed operation that targeted a company that provides voter registration software and, using information from that hack, later evolved into a "spearfishing" campaign against multiple state and local election officials.
The Justice Department alleges a 25-year-old woman, Reality Winner, leaked the document to The Intercept and has charged her under the federal Espionage Act.
Johnson, in his written testimony, details numerous public statements he made through last year's election after he learned of hacking attempts, as he tried to draw attention to the issue. He also details a largely failed effort to get elections system designated as critical government infrastructure -- which would have given greater priority to states seeking help in possible cyberattacks.
But, as Johnson notes in his testimony, the proposal faced a severe backlash, with some state officials alleging that Johnson was attempting a federal takeover of state-based elections systems. Johnson eventually backed off the idea, he notes.
The hearing itself marks another small victory for House Russia investigators, who have been attempting to right their investigation ever since House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes' clandestine trip to the White House in March almost derailed the House probe.
But the separate Senate probe is still widely viewed as more likely to produce results and uncover major findings. Johnson met privately with the leaders of the Senate intelligence committee last week.
Image credit: PBS NewsHour
Far-right and fringe media are baselessly claiming that truck drivers in Puerto Rico have gone on strike in order to benefit themselves and sabotage President Donald Trump's relief efforts after the island was devastated by Hurricane Maria. The Teamsters Union issued a press release on October 2 denouncing the hoax.
Since Maria hit Puerto Rico in late September, Trump and his administration have come under fire for their response to the hurricane, which caused widespread damage and left thousands of people without food and water. On September 30, Trump attacked San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz for her “poor leadership” after she criticized the acting secretary of homeland security for calling the response in Puerto Rico a "good news story."
On September 28, as the criticism of Trump and the highest levels of his adminstration mounted, a YouTube user uploaded a video titled “SMOKING GUN, Puerto Rican Truck Union Leader Sabotaging Hurricane relief Miami Trump Volunteers.” As others started sharing the video on social media, Twitter personality Kambree Kawahine Koa wrote, “Did mayor of San Juan mention union workers at port are on STRIKE & demanding money first before distributing supplies off boat?” Koa claimed she had a “source” for her allegation, but refused to name him. On September 30, fringe blog Conservative Treehouse cited, among others, Koa and another YouTube clip of the same union official to claim that the island's Teamsters union was “refusing to move” hurricane aid and was “us[ing] Hurricane Maria as contract leverage.” The blog also posted a text-based image that claimed “the trucker's union went on STRIKE.”
The contents of Conservative Treehouse's blog post, including the tweets it cited, spread widely among the fringe, and were published by websites such as USSA News and pro-Trump blog The Gateway Pundit. The Gateway Pundit called the story a “smoking gun,” although the next day it claimed the reports were “unconfirmed.” In turn, these reports also spread, reaching 4chan's “politically incorrect” message board, commonly referred to as “/pol/,” and Reddit forum “r/The_Donald,” both of which have previously helped far-right trolls and fake news purveyors spread misinformation. Jerome Corsi of conspiracy theory outlet Infowars and Newsmax's Wayne Allyn Root also pushed the Gateway Pundit story on social media. Multiple fake news purveyors, including RedStateWatcher, also published the allegations and the original YouTube clip. Fake news purveyor America's Freedom Fighters claimed Democrats were “leveraging their power with the Teamsters Union to halt progress so the Democrat Mayor can get on TV and blast the President over a failed recovery effort.” Fake news purveyor TruthFeed claimed that with these “multiple bombshell reports,” “the anti-Trump mayor of San Juan has been proved to be a pathetic political hack and liar.” Infowars accused “anti-Trump forces” of “using disgruntled Puerto Rican truck drivers as tools of obstruction to hinder Trump's efforts to deliver aid and supplies to the storm-ravaged country.”
The YouTube clip from which these claims originated did not in fact show the union leader saying that the union workers were on strike. While he did criticize Puerto Rico's governor, he was actually explaining that a law (along with road conditions) prevented truck drivers from driving. Indeed, CNN reported on September 30 that the Teamsters were “working together to recruit truckers to travel to Puerto Rico and help distribute a stockpile of relief supplies.” And on October 2 the Teamsters weighed in, confirming that the union "denounces reports from online, anti-union sources that stated Teamster truck drivers in Puerto Rico have refused to move supplies," calling such reports "false" and without "basis in fact."
The baseless claim is yet another example of fringe media repeatedly working together to spread dubious claims, conspiracy theories, and lies, while attacking perceived enemies of Trump.
UPDATE: On October 3, Trump appeared to allude to the false claim as he was leaving to tour the damage in Puerto Rico, telling reporters, “We need their truck drivers. Their drivers have to start driving trucks. We have to do that. So at a local level they have to give us more help.”
U.S.S. Arizona Memorial
Honolulu, Hawaii
The date, December 7, 1941, really does live on in infamy, and the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center makes sure the memory of Japan's attack on the United States will never fade. Visitor center exhibits provide fascinating context on the attack, and the center is the pickup point for free boat trip tickets to the U.S.S. Arizona Memorial.
Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site
Atlanta, Georgia
Martin Luther King's birth home, in Atlanta's legendary Sweet Auburn neighborhood, is just one part of a historic site that also includes Ebenezer Baptist Church—where Dr. King preached as his father and grandfather had done before him—and Freedom Hall at the King Center. Tours of Dr. King's birth home are led by a park ranger on a first-come, first-served basis. In-person registration is required for a tour of Freedom Hall.
Gettysburg National Military Park
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
Drive and walk the hallowed Pennsylvania soil where so many paid the ultimate price in July 1863. A self-guided audio tour, available at the visitor center, takes tourists through the three-day battle and around the fields to storied sites like Little Round Top and Cemetery Ridge, where stone walls, cannons, and monuments stand in silent contrast to the carnage that once unfolded here.
United States Capitol
Washington, D.C.
Spend a day with Congress on a behind-the-scenes tour of the United States Capitol. Due to high demand and tight security, guided tours of this magnificent seat of government must be booked in advance. Get them online through the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center or through the office of your representative or senator.
Independence National Historical Park
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Within the walls of Independence Hall's Assembly Room, the Continental Congress met, George Washington was appointed to command the Continental Army, the Declaration of Independence was adopted, and the U.S. Constitution was drafted. Needless to say, it's worth a visit. Due to demand, timed tickets are required to enter Independence Hall, except in January and February—and don't forget to see the nearby Liberty Bell.
Missions Trail
San Diego to Sonoma, California
When the Spanish began building their string of 21 California missions in the 18th century, the region was a wilderness under the nominal control of their monarch. Today El Camino Real, the road that connected them, has been replaced by modern California highways that allow easy driving along the entire Missions Trail, from San Diego to Sonoma. Most of the adobes are active Catholic parishes, and visitors are welcome, though some charge fees for interior tours.
Alabama State Capitol
Montgomery, Alabama
This Greek Revival landmark, used by the state legislature in Montgomery until the 1980s, has a storied history. In 1861 Jefferson Davis was sworn in as the Confederate States of America's first and only president in front of this building. A century later the 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery march for voting rights ended near the same spot.
Cumberland Gap National Historical Park
Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia
Settlers once poured through this first great natural gateway to the American West, following the herds of buffalo and tribes of Native Americans who preceded them through what are now Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia. Vistas, waterfalls, and rock formations are among the site's natural wonders, while historic buildings evoke the lifestyles of pioneers and mountain communities.
The White House
Washington, D.C.
The White House isn't just the President's house: It belongs to every U.S. citizen. That means you're free to visit—but you can't just drop in unannounced. Public tours are available by contacting your representative in Congress and arranging a time to tour the mansion. Plan well in advance.
The Alamo
San Antonio, Texas
The San Antonio site of Davy Crockett's and James Bowie's last stand was a key clash in the Texas Revolution. Fact and fiction sometimes mingle in tall tales of the battle, but there's no doubt that visitors to the old mission walk within the walls of an authentic American legend.
Santa Fe Plaza
Santa Fe, New Mexico
The heart of old Santa Fe was once a crossroads where trade routes from Missouri met those from Mexico City. Here, Gen. Stephen Watts Kearny raised the U.S. flag to claim the territory during the Mexican War of 1846. Today the plaza bustles with Indian and Spanish markets, concerts, and all manner of community events.
Tombstone, Arizona
Stroll the boardwalks along historic Allen Street, scene of so much Old West violence and revelry, and you can almost hear the saloon pianos and gunshots. Actually you can hear them, thanks to living history: On the second, fourth, and fifth Sundays of each month, the Tombstone Vigilantes perform free gunfight and hanging shows while their counterparts, the Vigilettes, showcase period Tombstone fashions. A visit to Boothill Graveyard is also free.
The Freedom Trail
Boston, Massachusetts
Boston's impressive roster of colonial sites includes the Old North Church, the Old State House, the site of the Boston Massacre, and Bunker Hill Monument. You can see them all for free by simply following your feet along the red path of the city's Freedom Trail. Costumed guides lead tours for additional fees, and some sites may charge entry fees.
Mesa Verde National Park
Colorado
It typically costs $10 to $15 per car (depending on the season) to see these spectacular cliff dwellings of the ancestral Pueblo people. As home to some of America's most important archaeological sites, dating to A.D. 600, Mesa Verde is worth every cent. But several times a year you can see it for free, including National Public Lands Day in September and the weekend of Veterans Day in November. (Entry fee is waved, but fees still apply for optional, ranger-led tours.)
Oregon Trail Ruts and Register Cliff
Guernsey, Wyoming
The legend of the Oregon Trail: So many wagons rolled westward in search of the American dream that they wore trench-like ruts into the sandstone that can still be seen today south of Guernsey, just off Rt. 26. Many settlers also left behind their “John Hancocks,” signing their names in nearby Register Cliff to create a fascinating tableau of 19th-century graffiti.
Nez Perce National Historical Park Sites
Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington
The story of the Nez Perce can be told on 38 sites scattered across four states. Among the sites of historical interest, Buffalo Eddy features petrogylphs and pictographs, Canoe Camp memorializes a spot where Lewis and Clark built new canoes, and Big Hole National Battlefield marks the bloodiest encounter of the 1877 Nez Perce War.
Baranof Castle State Historical Site
Sitka, Alaska
Sitka was the capital of Russian Alaska, and a good swath of that domain can be seen in the outstanding views from the hilltop Baranof Castle State Historical Site, where first native Tlingit peoples and then Russians erected fortifications. Russia handed over Alaska to the United States on this hill in 1867. Interpretive panels tell the story.
Land of Lincoln
Illinois
Abraham Lincoln called Springfield, Illinois, home—and the only house he ever owned is now the Lincoln Home National Historic Site. Other nearby (and free) haunts of Honest Abe include the Lincoln-Herndon Law Offices State Historic Site, where he once practiced, and the Old State Capitol, where he gave his “House Divided” speech in 1858.
Homestead National Monument of America
Nebraska
Experience settler life on the wide-open prairie at this Nebraska site, which tells the story of westward expansion under the Homestead Act of 1862. The Palmer-Epard Cabin (1867) is actually luxurious by pioneer standards, and a hundred acres of restored tallgrass prairie is reminiscent of the storied habitat that once covered the Great Plains.
St. Paul's Chapel, Parish of Trinity Church
New York, New York
Environment Agency issues 37 warnings of expected floods, with particular concerns about Somerset, Dorset and DevonShare your pictures of how the floods are affecting your area with us on our UK news Flickr group
People were warned not to wade or drive into flood water following the death of a man on the Berkshire-Hampshire border on Monday and an overnight alarm when a man was reported shouting for help in a flooded part of Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire.
Fire and rescue boats were launched to search an area off the Gloucester Road in the town early on Tuesday but found nothing.
Police too are still investigating the report from a member of the public of a man shouting in a flooded area at around 2.30am.
Another man reported missing from a different part of the town in a separate incident was later found.
The fire brigade for the county warned people not to wade or drive into flood water, backing up a similar plea from Devon and Somerset rescue services who attended seven incidents in two days. There were fears that many parts of England and Wales faced further flooding on Tuesday after heavy rain continued to drench southern Britain following the wettest April since 1910, when records began.
The number of warnings and alerts fell during Tuesday morning, although there were still 33 warnings, where floods were expected, and 130 alerts, where flooding was possible, at noon.
Conditions around Tewkesbury, badly hit in the 2007 floods, were not expected to worsen over the next 48 hours, according to the fire service.
Sandbags were issued to home most at risk and surface water covered much of the flood plain around the town.
Nearly half the flood warnings were in the south-west of England – which saw some of the heaviest overnight downpours.
The Environment Agency is continuing to check flood defences on rising rivers.
The Met Office warned of floods and difficult driving conditions but the rain in southern England was expected to ease later in the day. Northern areas faced far drier weather. But heavy rain will be back by late on Wednesday, say forecasters.
Swaths of the country remain in a state of drought after two dry winters and the government has said everyone must still save water while they can.
Index Librorum Prohibitorum (Venice 1564). Title page of(Venice 1564).
The Index Librorum Prohibitorum ("List of Prohibited Books") was a list of publications prohibited by the Roman Catholic Church. The avowed aim of the list was to protect the faith and morals of Roman Catholics by preventing them reading of so-called "immoral" books or works containing theological errors. The various editions also contain the rules of the Church relating to the reading, selling and censorship of books. Books that passed inspection were printed with nihil obstat ("nothing forbids") or Imprimatur ("let it be printed") on the title page.
The list was not simply a reactive work. Roman Catholic authors had the opportunity to defend their writings and could prepare a new edition with the necessary corrections or elisions, either to avoid or to limit a ban. Pre-publication censorship was encouraged; self-censorship, however, was incalculable.
History
The idea of a religious list of prohibited books finds early precedent in the ancient Christian debates concerning the formation of the Bible canon in response to Marcionism and spurious Gnostic writings. Many gnostic works were rejected by the church and burned, hidden or destroyed.
In the Middle Ages, The first list of prohibited books was not published in Rome, but in Roman Catholic Netherlands (1529). Venice (1543) and Paris (1551, under the terms of the Edict of Châteaubriant) followed this example. The first Roman Index was the work of Pope Paul IV (1557, 1559). The work of the censors was considered too severe and, after the Council of Trent had revised the church legislation on the prohibition of books, Pope Pius IV promulgated in 1564 the so-called Tridentine Index, the basis of all later lists until Pope Leo XIII, in 1897, published his Index Leonianus. The very first lists were the work of the Sacred Congregation of the Inquisition of the Roman Catholic Church (later the Holy Office, now the Sacred Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith).
In 1571, a special congregation was created, the Sacred Congregation of the Index, which had the specific task to investigate those writings that were denounced in Rome as being not exempt of errors, to update the list of Pope Pius IV regularly and also to make lists of corrections in case a writing was not in itself damnable but only in need of correction and put on the list with a mitigating clause (e.g., donec corrigatur (forbidden if not corrected) or donec expurgetur (forbidden if not purged)). This sometimes resulted in very long lists of corrections, published in the Index Expurgatorius. Prohibitions made by other congregations (mostly the Holy Office) were simply passed on to the Congregation of the Index, where the final decrees were drafted and made public, after approval of the Pope (who always had the possibility to condemn an author personally—only a few examples, such as Lamennai and George Hermes). The Congregation of the Index was abolished in 1917, when the rules on the reading of books were again elaborated in the new Codex Iuris Canonici. From that date on, the Holy Office (again) took care of the index.
The Index was regularly updated until the 1948 edition. This 32nd edition contained 4,000 titles censored for various reasons: heresy, moral deficiency, sexual explicitness, and so on. Among the notable writers on the list were Desiderius Erasmus, Edward Gibbon, Giordano Bruno, Laurence Sterne, Voltaire, Daniel Defoe, Nicolaus Copernicus, Honoré de Balzac, Jean-Paul Sartre, Nikos Kazantzakis, as well as the Dutch sexologist Theodoor Hendrik van de Velde, author of the sex manual The Perfect Marriage. A complete list of the authors and writings present in the subsequent editions of the index are listed in J. Martinez de Bujanda, Index librorum prohibitorum, 1600-1966, Geneva, 2002. Almost every modern Western philosopher was included on the list—even those that believed in God, such as Descartes, Kant, Berkeley, Malebranche, Lamennais and Gioberti. That some atheists, such as Schopenhauer and Nietzsche, were not included was due to the general (Tridentine) rule that heretical works (i.e., works that contradict Catholic dogma) are ipso facto forbidden. Some important works are absent simply because nobody bothered to denounce them.
Many actions of the congregations were of a definite political content. In 1926, the Action Française magazine, espousing far-right French causes, was put on the Index. Alfred Rosenberg's Der Mythus des 20. Jahrhunderts (The Myth of the Twentieth Century) and his An die Dunkelmänner unserer Zeit: eine Antwort auf die Angriffe gegen den "Mythus des 20. Jahrhundert" (Regarding The Dark Men of Our Time: an Answer to the Problems against the "Myth of the Twentieth Century"), were condemned by decrees of February 7, 1934, and of July 17, 1935, respectively. Ernst Bergmann's Die deutsche Nationalkirche (The German National Church) and his Die natürliche Geistlehre (Natural Spirit Teachings), by decrees of February 7, 1934, and November 17, 1937. Hitler's Mein Kampf was not placed on the Index, however, as censors continually postponed and eventually terminated its examination.
The effects of the Index were felt throughout much of the Roman Catholic world. From Quebec to Poland it was, for many years, very difficult to find copies of banned works, especially outside of major cities. Under Pope Paul VI, the Congregation for Doctrine of Faith ceased publication of the Index in 1966 following the end of the Second Vatican Council, largely for practical considerations. Although now suppressed (no longer being enforceable under canonical law), the Index has not strictly been abolished nor rescinded, not repudiated nor condemned. The moral obligation of not circulating or reading those writings which endanger faith and morals, was reaffirmed in 1966, in the same document, Notification by Congregation for Doctrine of Faith: "This Congregation for Doctrine of Faith (...) reaffirms that its Index retains its moral value (...) in the sense that it is appealing to the conscience of the faithful (...) to be on their guard against written materials that can put faith and good conduct in danger" (Signed Alfredo card. Ottaviani, June 14, 1966).[1] It should be noted that Cardinal Ottaviani, who signed the decree to suppress the Index, was one of the most conservative members of the College of Cardinals at the time. Further, on every bishop in the Roman Catholic Church lays great responsibility for the moral welfare of his flock: hence, he may still today issue an "admonitum," an admonition to the faithful that a book is pernicious and thus ought not be read.
In a few cases, according to The Book of Lists by Irving Wallace, Amy Wallace and David Wallechinsky, all works of a particular writer were on the Index: Thomas Hobbes, Émile Zola, Jean-Paul Sartre. As for Benedict Spinoza, the Church put all of his posthumous works on the Index. With other writers, only certain books were banned: Samuel Richardson (Pamela), Emanuel Swedenborg (The Principia), or Immanuel Kant (Critique of Pure Reason), for example.
Reversals and exclusions
There have been cases of reversal with respect to some people whose works were on the Index. For instance, Mary Faustina Kowalska's work and her diary of her reported Divine Mercy visions of Jesus and Mary were initially on the Index. She died in obscurity, and only after her death did the sisters of her convent send her writings to the Vatican for its approval. The version of Faustina's writings that reached Rome was incorrectly translated; the questionable material could not be corrected with the original Polish version owing to the difficulties in communication throughout World War II and the subsequent Communist Iron Curtain. Only much later, in the 1970s—four decades after she had died—had then-Karol Wojtyla, who was Archbishop over the area where Faustina had spent her last years, initiate a re-working of the translation. This version was accepted by Rome in 1976; two years later, Archbishop Wojtyla was elected Pope, becoming John Paul II. As Pope, John Paul II had the pleasure of beatifying Faustina, then later Canonizing her on Easter 2000, the first saint proclaimed for the third millennium. Upon canonizing her, the Feast Day "Divine Mercy Sunday" proposed by Faustina was made obligatory for the entire Church. Though her writings were once banned, today Faustina's Vatican biography quotes samples of her reported conversations with Jesus Christ from her diary and Divine Mercy Sunday (based on her writings) is now celebrated on the Sunday after Easter.[2]
Not on the Index were Aristophanes, Juvenal, John Cleland, James Joyce and D. H. Lawrence. According to Wallace et al, this was because the primary criterion for banning the work was anticlericalism, blasphemy, heresy.
Surprisingly, some authors whose views are generally unacceptable to the Church (e.g. Charles Darwin, Karl Marx or Hitler) were never put on the Index.[3][4]
Some notable writers with works on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum
[7] Indexed French language writers
CW = complete works; 1948 = was in the edition of 1948
Notes
References
Ashbee, Henry Spencer. Index Liborum Prohibitorum. Charles Skilton Ltd., 1960.
Charles Skilton Ltd., 1960. Betten, Francis Sales. The Roman index of forbidden books briefly explained. Loyola University Press, 1925.
Loyola University Press, 1925. Fraxi, Pisanus. Encyclopedia of Erotic Literature: Index Librorum Prohibitorum: Being Notes Bio Biblio Econo Graphical and Critical on Curious and Uncommon Books (3 Vols. Boxed Set) . Documentary Books, Inc. 1962.
. Documentary Books, Inc. 1962. McCabe, Joseph. The history and meaning of the Catholic index of forbidden books. Haldeman-Julius Co., 1931.
All links retrieved February 28, 2018.
In the centre of Filbrook, Manitoba, an enormous snowman has stood through winters and summers for over thirty years. His name is Harry.
"He's about the size of four Shaquille O'Neals, four high and two wide. Imagine that," says Doug Garland, whose job it is to keep Harry from melting.
But that job comes with a great expense. This summer, the town spent $225,000 keeping Harry from melting. Members of city council believe that money would be better spent elsewhere.
The town is divided into two factions: Those who've become emotionally attached to the eternal snowman, and those who favour of a melting party.
Rookie reporter, Lauren Ash, visits the town of Filbrook. Listen to the full story and discover what the future holds for Harry in a piece called The Iceman Goeth.
UPDATED 10/16/16: SEPTA's largest union, Transport Workers Union Local 234 (TWU 234), voted Sunday to authorize a strike starting November 1st if a new agreement cannot be negotiated before then. The authorization vote was unanimous, said union president Willie Brown. Members of the union left the union hall after the vote in high spirits, some chanting "Two Thirty-Four" and others telling reporters that a strike through election day meant "leverage". When asked if he thought there would be a deal before November 1st, Brown said: "No, I don't. But we'll be in negotiations the next two weeks trying to get it done."
The outcome of Sunday's vote could affect another vote: The 2016 Presidential election. Unless SEPTA's 5,185 bus drivers, subway and trolley operators, and cashiers get a new deal to replace the two-year agreement signed in 2014, TWU 234 will strike and will stay on strike through the November 8th election if necessary, says union president Willie Brown.
“My members voted for me to do a job—I'm gonna do that job,” says Brown. “When we talk about 12:01, 11/1, we will be on strike if we don't get a contract.”
Brown rejected the possibility of suspending the strike on Election Day if a deal with SEPTA couldn't be reached by then. “There will be no extension,” says Brown. “Either we have a contract, or we don't.”
“Once we're on strike, we are on strike.”
The last time TWU 234 struck was in 2009, when Brown called a surprise walkout that began at 3 A.M. on Election Day. That was an off-year election where races for district attorney and judges topped the ballot, far smaller stakes than this year's Presidential race where Philadelphia turnout will be critical for Hillary Clinton, who the Transport Workers Union of America has endorsed. The 2009 strike lasted six days.
Brown was reelected union President by a comfortable margin earlier this month, signaling that membership backs his aggressive negotiation stance and will authorize a potential strike. “I wholeheartedly expect to get a yes vote,” says Brown.
SEPTA spokesperson Carla Showell-Lee downplayed the strike authorization. “Taking a strike vote in advance of contract expiration is not out of the ordinary,” she wrote in an e-mailed statement. “We are working to bargain an agreement in the best interest of our employees, riders and the public. Naturally, we hope an agreement can be reached.”
But Brown says little progress on the negotiations have been made since they began back in July. “Listen: We can't even agree on a hotel to do the negotiations at. That's how the negotiations are going. They're not moving at all.”
Brown blames the deadlock on SEPTA's outside counsel, Ballard Spahr, accusing its lawyers of dragging things out just to run up its billable hours. TWU 234 General Counsel Bruce Bodner agreed with Brown's assessment about Ballard Spahr, arguing that they, not the union, are to blame for the brinkmanship. But then he took things a step further: “We're talking about a guiding ideology that's at play here, which is that management is the superior class, and that the people driving the bus are inferior.” And that approach, Bodner said, means management refuses to treat union employees equitably.
The union came to the negotiating table with 90 demands, ranging from smaller issues like longer bathroom breaks for bus drivers to larger issues like management's proposal to adopt a less generous health care plan. By far, the biggest issue is pensions. Pension benefits for SEPTA employees — both union and non-union — are calculated in part on the person's salary when they retire. For TWU 234 workers, that calculation is capped at $50,000, regardless of how much more they might earn. The union wants the cap to be raised and set equal to the salary of a “Technician”, the highest pay-grade level for union employees. Technicians currently earn $70,000 a year. Both union and non-union employees contribute 3.5 percent of their salaries to the pension fund.
If TWU 234 strikes, it would shut down all of SEPTA's services except for Regional Rail. Regional Rail employees are represented by a different union, the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen, which signed a two-year agreement with SEPTA earlier this year.
When asked about the risk of a strike, Mayor Jim Kenney said he is “watching these negotiations closely” and urged “both sides to continue their open dialogue.”
In an e-mailed statement, Governor Tom Wolf's spokesman Jeff Sheridan said: "Tens of thousands of Pennsylvania residents rely on SEPTA to travel each day, and Governor Wolf urges both sides to come together and reach a compromise to avoid a strike."
Donald Trump is slumping in the polls with less than 90 days until the fall elections. The Associated Press
America loves an underdog. Donald Trump hates losers. Now that the self-described billionaire and Republican nominee for president is tanking in the polls, he risks missing the opportunity offered by the former and may end up turning into the latter. And campaign observers and behavioral experts say it's due to his own campaign trail behavior.
For another candidate, a slide in the polls would be surmountable, and might even end up working to his or her advantage when the candidate uses it to show gumption and vulnerability. Sen. John McCain, for example, was trailing in the 2008 Republican presidential primary polls, and left for political dead by the press. He learned, re-grouped and became the nominee.
The late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., found himself in a stunningly close race against Republican Mitt Romney in 1994, stepped up his campaign game and was able to recast himself as a fighter, winning re-election. Bill Clinton declared himself "the comeback kid" after placing second in the New Hampshire Democratic presidential primary, branding him as an underdog even as he went on to thrash his opponents. Hillary Clinton, labeled a front-runner in 2007, lost the Iowa caucuses and was behind in polls in New Hampshire. She teared up at a campaign event in a rare show of emotion and public frustration – and ended up winning the Granite State primary.
But Trump is no ordinary candidate, analysts note. Far from casting himself as the Horatio Alger of either the business or the political world, Trump has incessantly referred to himself as a winner, and to critical media and his foes in the press as "losers" or "failing." He has bragged about his proclaimed wealth, about his business empire, about the women he has allegedly dated in the past and even, at a presidential primary debate, about his sexual prowess. So he puts himself in an awkward position, asking supporters to cheer someone who – for the time being, anyway – is losing.
"His trajectory was determined by the winner image. It had to be, because of [the campaign slogan] 'Make America Great Again,' and comments that 'we don't win anymore.' He has got to be the vessel for winning," says Peter Fenn, a veteran Democratic consultant. "And if he's a vessel for losing, it's not much of a vessel."
Trump has in the last week made remarks that suggest he is considering the possibility he could lose to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. "If at the end of 90 days I fall short because I'm somewhat politically [incorrect] even though I'm supposed to be the smart one and even though I'm supposed to have a lot of good ideas, it's OK. You know, I go back to a very good way of life," Trump told CNBC Thursday. In another part of the interview, he said, "at the end, it's either going to work, or I'm going to, you know, I'm going to have a very, very nice, long vacation." As recently as May, Trump told Fox News' Megyn Kelly that "If I don't go all the way, and if I don't win, I will consider it to be a total and complete waste of time, energy and money."
Trump also remarked recently that he is having trouble in red-state Utah – a startling admission for a man who has insisted, for example, that he is "doing very well with Latinos" despite numerous polls showing Trump drawing less than 25 percent of Hispanic voters. And on his Twitter account – generally dominated by slams against Clinton and the "dishonest" media – Trump has started thanking lawmakers who offered their endorsements, an unusual recognition that he might need others' help to get the job he proclaimed at the Republican National Convention only he could do.
But Trump's problem, says University of South Florida professor Joe Vandello, is that he is not the "lovable loser" or come-from-behind hero Americans love to see succeed in sports and in politics. Olympics watchers cheer for the refugee athletes, no matter where they are from, but there was no sympathy for underdog South African swimmer Chad LeClos, who taunted champion Michael Phelps before their competition.
Far from being chastened by his drop in support, Trump has gone on the offense, accusing President Barack Obama of being the "founder" of the Islamic State group and obliquely suggesting Clinton might be assassinated by "Second Amendment people." That has establishment Republicans worried that Trump will lose and take GOP senators and congressmen with him.
"If you see that you're losing, you generally accept the humility that comes with losing," says Matt Mackowiak, a Republican consultant. But "we're not seeing a lot of introspection and humility from Trump right now," he adds.
"Virtually every candidate tries to position themselves as the underdog. You won't find that with Trump. It's not his thing; he's all about being a winner," agrees Vandello, who has done extensive research on the psychology behind support of underdogs in athletic and politics.
"His whole persona is about being the tough guy, being the boss. He literally lives in a gold palace in the sky," Vandello adds. "Even if he is objectively an underdog, given his position in the polls, I think he would have a hard time selling that image."
Candidates have recovered from dips in the polls before, and Trump certainly could bounce back. But that generally happens when the candidate has learned something from the struggle and adapted his campaign to fix the problem. And Trump, Machowiak fears, may just have decided he doesn't really want the job. Machowiak is not a Trump supporter but worries incumbent GOP lawmakers could lose their races because of depressed Republican turnout. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., is concerned, too, telling a Louisville civic group this week that the GOP's chances of keeping Senate control are "very dicey."
"I think [Trump] may be underestimating how miserable it will be to lose this election," Machowiak says. "If he loses this election, this will be the first paragraph of his obituary in the New York Times, irrespective of anything else he does the rest of his life."
The US government has subpoenaed the social networking site Twitter for personal details of people connected to Wikileaks, court documents show. Should social networks ever disclose such information to governments?
The BBC's technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones says this leaves Wikileaks in a difficult position.
Twitter has been keen to stress that it complies with local laws, says Mr Cellan-Jones, but it has also been eager to promote Twitter's role as "a forum for free expression" in countries like Iran.
Our correspondent asks: "If confidential details of overseas Twitter users are disclosed to the US authorities, how keen will an international audience be to trust this or other American social networks in future?"
Should social networks give up data to help in legal proceedings? Or is it more important for personal details to remain confidential? Will this damage users' trust in social networks?
This debate is now closed. Thank you for your comment.
I just wanted to drop in and say this, as while I appreciate your stopping to give us an update, I feel that you are missing a critical point. Personally, I could care less about having access to 16.8 million colors, and I understand where you are coming from with the " we've built the most advanced gaming keyboard on the market". I agree with that statement....
HOWEVER, I think the issue here that upsets people the most, is that we have thrown our faith and our money in your direction under the assumption that the product you actively sought to sell us, was the product that we received.
This of course is the most basic and important bond between a retailer and its customers. That bond was damaged pretty badly here. To knowingly provoke the purchase of a product that does not do what has been regarded as one of its biggest selling points, is a giant middle finger in the face of people, like myself, who have been dishing out my hard earned cash, to your company, for many years.
I understand that your team is working very hard, and I thank them for that! But, this is not an issue with the team of people making the product. It is an issue of lying to customers and us now being left in a position of little to no GOOD recourse aside from having to decide whether we choose to return a product that we otherwise love, or adopt the "just deal with it" mentality that comes with being sold a product that doesn't meet the standards to which many of us made our decision to purchase it off of.
I normally would not have commented, and I know this has all been said at some point or another, but I felt it needed to be reiterated as the final paragraph of your post comes off rather rude. How about thanking NOT JUST the people who are happy with the product, but all of those who aren't. The people who are happy with the product shouldn't need your thanks, its those that are not that you should be thanking for sitting around and not returning a product, giving you the opportunity to make your mistakes right.
This is not the gaming software industry. We don't need Alpha, early access products. We do not need you to RUSH the product into our hands, incomplete. I have come to expect from Corsair, finished, and quality products, of which I don't have to check forums every week for fixes that should have been standard.
I am personally happy with my purchase of the k70 rgb as it meets every one of MY needs. I have and continue to recommend this keyboard to my friends and family. But, if there were an alternative of equal quality, I would recommend that because there is a level of trust that has been broken here, and something about this forum post does not scream to me that there is an attempt to rebuild it. Rather this comes off as an attempt to thank those who are happy even though you lied, and reiterate that you still made a good product OTHER THAN the part about it not being what was advertised.
I'm sure a few of you will crucify my for this post, but I don't much care. This is just how the update struck me.
2 members found this post helpful.
Taylor Swift has once again made a significant donation for a great cause. The 26-year-old pop star donated $100,000 to the Dolly Parton fire fund to assist families who were affected by the devastating Smokey Mountain wildfires, according to Entertainment Tonight. Swift's donation matched the Academy of Country Music's donation for a combined total of $200,000 in advance of the forthcoming Smokey Mountain Rise: A Benefit for the People Fund telethon which is set to air next Tuesday.
Taylor Swift poses for photos with fans. [Image by Brendon Thorne/Getty Images]
Dolly Parton expressed her pride in Swift for sticking to her dreams.
“I think that little Taylor Swift has just done amazing… She knew exactly who she was, she had her dream, and she stuck with it. That's what you gotta do. I'm just so proud of her.”
In a statement to Entertainment Tonight, Tiffany Moon, Executive Vice President and Managing Director of the academy shared the company's appreciation for Taylor Swift's donation.
“The Academy and ACM Lifting Lives are honored to contribute in a meaningful way to Dolly's heroic efforts to help the people of her hometown – and when Taylor heard what we were planning, she offered to match our gift, which gives it that much more impact… We are so grateful to Taylor for her support to the Academy's charitable efforts through the years, and for helping us and Dolly Parton assist families in need at a time of crisis.”
Proceeds from the telethon will benefit the Dollywood Foundation, My People Fund which was established by Parton this week to assist fire victims in Tennessee. The People Fund will also provide $1,000 per month to Sevier County families whose homes are uninhabitable or destroyed as a result of the recent fire, according to Entertainment Tonight.
Kenny Chesney and the Country Music Association are contributing $250,000 each, which totals $500,000 in donations towards wildfire relief efforts, according to People.
null
The country pop princess is no stranger to making major donations to help those in need.
Taylor Swift opened her wallet and handed over $250,000 to singer Kesha as she battled Sony music producer, Dr. Luke, in court. In 2014, Kesha filed a lawsuit against Dr. Luke, born Lukasz Sebastian Gottwald, for sexually, physically, verbally, and emotionally abusing her over the course of a decade. Kesha asked to be released from her Sony contract, but her request was ultimately denied. The 43-year-old music producer not only denied all claims, but is currently countersuing Kesha for breach of contract and defamation, according to People.
null
According to CNN, Swift also donated $1 million toward Louisiana flood relief efforts after torrential rains displaced 20,000 residents and left at least 11 people dead.
Swift recently contributed to one supporter's funeral expenses. The “Blank Space” singer has made numerous donations through GoFundMe. According to International Business Times, Swift's massive GoFundMe donations have changed the way GoFundMe does business.
In July of 2015, Swift single-handedly changed the platform by giving $50,000 to an 11-year-old fan who was diagnosed with acute myelogenous leukemia. The maximum limit allowed for the website's donations was $5,000. Donations exceeding more than $1,000 or $2,000 were considered rare.
“[Taylor Swift] came in and wanted to donate $50,000, and our system at the time wasn't built for that, so she actually made multiple donations that totaled $50,000 and once she did that, we fixed the system and didn't limit the amount of money that a donor could leave on the platform. She actually changed the way that we do business.”
How can Swift many such generous donations? Well, $170 million was added to Taylor Swift's net worth in 2016 alone.
null
Earlier this year, Taylor dominated Forbes 2016's list of highest-paid women in music. Although it has been two years since her last album, Swift earned $170 million between June, 2015, and June, 2016. This placed her ahead of Beyonce and Adele on Forbes' 2016 list. A huge chunk of the cash came from her North American 1989 Tour, which grossed $200 million alone.
Taylor shattered the Rolling Stones' record with her North American tour numbers. The “Welcome To New York” singer has padded her total net worth by endorsing brands like Keds, Diet Coke, and Apple. Entertainment attorney Lori Landew of Fox Rothschild discussed Taylor's appeal. Swift has officially dethroned the former highest-paid woman in music, Katy Perry.
“She has been building her fan base for years, and that fan base crosses multiple market segments… It's this ability to appeal to younger and older audiences, and those in between, that makes Taylor such a sure bet with both concert promoters and brands who want to affiliate with her and with the community she has cultivated.”
The Smokey Mountain Rise: A Benefit for the People Fund will feature a lineup of country music stars including Reba McEntire, Alison Krauss, Chris Stapleton, Kenny Rogers, and more. The telethon is set to air on December 13 at 8 p.m. EST on Great American Country.
[Featured Image by Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images]
Though PS4 Pro Boost Mode is performing minor miracles in some games – like getting Assassin's Creed Unity to a playable state, for one – there's a swathe of games that, at the time of writing, are adversely affected by Sony's PS4 Boost Mode performance.
It's to be expected, too, as this mode is still in beta form and as such will be susceptible to issues before Sony engineers are able to iron out all of its kinks ahead of its official release in around two weeks.
PS4 Pro Boost Mode games list
For the as-of-yet uninitiated, PS4 Pro's Boost Mode is a feature currently available to beta users of PS4 system update 4.50 that utilizes the added juice of the Pro to retroactively make older PS4 games run better without the need for a developer-mandated patch.
Thankfully, the list of games suffering issues isn't too exhaustive — only around one hundred titles have been tested thus far, mind — so if you're planning on playing any of the below games it's best play them on base mode on a PS4 Pro or indeed an original model PS4, or PS4 Slim.
It's also worth bearing in mind that these issues could be unrelated to Boost Mode but that seems a little far-fetched given the fact the games run as they always have on a standard PS4.
Tembo the Badass Elephant
This quirky little indie platformer is a favourite around PSU, though if you're planning on running it on PS4 Pro's Boost Mode, be wary: multiple users have reported random crashes throughout so be advised.
SOMA
Much like Tembo – that's where the comparison ends, sadly – horror offering SOMA has also begun to suffer from a multitude of crashes and irregular performance, making a scary experience that much more terrifying. But not for the right reasons.
Grow Home
Ubisoft's low poly adventure (starring the kick-ass robot B.U.D) had some issues upon its release on PS4 back in 2015 but the implementation of Boost Mode has apparently exasperated the situation, with more stuttering during gameplay being reported by players.
Slender: The Arrival
It may be slight, but PS4 Pro's Boost Mode has apparently added in some additional lighting issues within Slender: The Arrival. It may sound negligible, but for a game that thrives on darkness and scares, light's surely important.
Games that run the same:
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag
Batman: The Telltale Series
Dead Island
Dragon Quest Builders
God Eater Resurrection
Mirror's Edge Catalyst
Shadow Complex
Trivial Pursuit Live!
As more games are tested we'll update this list in accordance with games that run adversely.
Source
SEOUL (Reuters) - A bristling North Korea said on Wednesday it was ready to retaliate in the face of international condemnation over its failed rocket launch, increasing the likelihood the hermit state will push ahead with a third nuclear test.
The North also ditched an agreement to allow back inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency. That followed a U.S. decision, in response to a rocket launch the United States says was a disguised long-range missile test, to break off a deal earlier this year to provide the impoverished state with food aid.
Pyongyang called the U.S. move a hostile act and said it was no longer bound to stick to its side of the February 29 agreement, dashing any hopes that new leader Kim Jong-un would soften a foreign policy that has for years been based on the threat of an atomic arsenal to leverage concessions out of regional powers.
“We have thus become able to take necessary retaliatory measures, free from the agreement,” the official KCNA news agency said, without specifying what actions it might take.
Many analysts expect that with its third test, North Korea will for the first time try a nuclear device using highly enriched uranium, something it was long suspected of developing but which it only publicly admitted to about two years ago.
“If it conducts a nuclear test, it will be uranium rather than plutonium because North Korea would want to use the test as a big global advertisement for its newer, bigger nuclear capabilities,” said Baek Seung-joo of the Seoul-based Korea Institute for Defence Analysis.
Defence experts say that by successfully enriching uranium, to make bombs of the type dropped on Hiroshima nearly 70 years ago, the North would be able to significantly build it up stocks of weapons-grade nuclear material.
Related Coverage China calls for denuclearization of the Korean peninsula
It would also allow it more easily to manufacture a nuclear warhead to mount on a long-range missile.
The latest international outcry against Pyongyang followed last week's rocket launch, which the United States and others said was in reality the test of a long range missile with the potential to reach the U.S. mainland.
China, the North's main economic and diplomatic backer, called for “dialogue and communication” and continued engagement with the International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors.
North Korea has insisted that the rocket launch, which in a rare public admission it said failed, was meant to put a satellite into orbit as part of celebrations to mark the 100th birthday of former president Kim Il-sung, whose family has ruled the autocratic state since it was founded after World War Two. Kim died in 1994.
The peninsula has been divided ever since with the two Koreas yet to sign a formal peace treaty to end the 1950-53 Korean War.
SATELLITE IMAGES
Recent satellite images have showed that the North has pushed ahead with work at a facility where it conducted previous nuclear tests.
Mosaic portraits of North Korea founder Kim Il-sung (L) and late leader Kim Jong-il are displayed in front of lit up buildings in Pyongyang April 16, 2012. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
While the nuclear tests have successfully alarmed its neighbors, including China, they also showcase the North's technological skills which helps impress a hardline military at home and buyers of North Korean weapons, one of its few viable exports.
The North has long argued that in the face of a hostile United States, which has military bases in South Korea and Japan, it needs a nuclear arsenal to defend itself.
“The new young leadership of North Korea has a very stark choice; they need to take a hard look at their polices, stop the provocative action,” U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at a news conference in Brazil's capital.
The Swiss-educated Kim Jong-un, who is in his late 20s, rose to power after the death of his father, Kim Jong-il, last December. The country's propaganda machine has since made much of his physical likeness to his revered grandfather, the first leader and now North Korea's “eternal president”.
But hopes that the young Kim could prove to be a reformer have faded fast. In his first public speech on Sunday, the chubby leader made clear that he would stick to the pro-military policies of his father that helped push the country into a devastating famine in the 1990s.
Kim is surrounded by the same coterie of generals that advised his father and he oversaw Sunday's mass military parade.
He urged his people and 1.2 million strong-armed forces to “move forward to final victory” as he lauded his grandfather's and father's achievements in building the country's military.
Siegfried Hecker, a U.S. nuclear expert who in 2010 saw a uranium enrichment facility in North Korea, believes the state has 24-42 kg (53 to 95 pounds) of plutonium, enough for four to eight bombs.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Production of plutonium at its Yongbyon reprocessing plant has been halted since 2009 and producing highly enriched uranium would simultaneously allow Pyongyang to push ahead with its nuclear power program and augment its small plutonium stocks that could be used for weapons, Hecker says.
“I believe North Korean scientists and engineers have been working to design miniaturized warheads for years, but they will need to test to demonstrate that the design works: no nuclear test, no confidence,” Hecker said in a paper last week.
“Unlike the claim that Pyongyang can make that its space launch is purely for civilian purposes, there is no such civilian cover for a nuclear test. It is purely for military reasons.”
3 False Claims About Guns From Wash. Times's Emily Miller October 10, 2013 2:54 PM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› TIMOTHY JOHNSON
Washington Times senior opinion editor Emily Miller offered false information about gun violence during an appearance on MSNBC's Morning Joe where she promoted her recently published book, Emily Gets Her Gun... But Obama Wants to Take Yours. In her book, Miller advanced the National Rifle Association's conspiracy theory that President Obama is planning to confiscate privately held firearms and offered false information about the incidence of mass shootings and the capabilities of assault weapons, while distorting academic research on gun violence. Miller's Morning Joe appearance offered more of the same as she misled on research about the effectiveness of gun violence prevention measures and made false claims about assault weapons, including advancing the notion that an AR-15 assault weapon is "not any functionally different than a hunting rifle." Miller Distorts Research To Suggest There Is No Benefit To Gun Violence Prevention Laws Miller claimed that "no gun control law reduces crime, and that's fact," citing a "CDC study, Harvard study." Opponents of stronger gun laws often distort a 2003 Centers for Disease Control (CDC) study and a 2007 study from Harvard's Journal of Public Law and Policy to attack gun violence prevention proposals. In Emily Gets Her Gun, Miller wrote about the 2003 CDC study at length and deceptively quoted from it to make it seem as if the study concluded that gun violence prevention laws are ineffective. Miller wrote: There has been only one extensive government research study on firearms laws in America. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) -- an agency with a known bias against guns -- looked at the various statutes from the local to national level. The two-year investigation evaluated the following laws: bans on specified firearms or ammunition (which includes the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban), restrictions on firearm acquisition, waiting periods for firearm acquisition, firearms registration and licensing of firearm owners, "shall issue" concealed weapon carry laws, child access prevention laws, and zero tolerance laws for firearms in schools. The final 2003 CDC report concluded, "The Task Force found insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of any of the firearms laws or combinations of laws reviewed on violent outcomes." [Emily Gets Her Gun: ...But Obama Wants to Take Yours, pg. 47, 9/3/13] But when quoted in full, the very next line of the study undermines Miller's characterization: The Task Force found insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of any of the firearms laws or combinations of laws reviewed on violent outcomes. (Note that insufficient evidence to determine effectiveness should not be interpreted as evidence of ineffectiveness.) [emphasis added] The CDC did not conclude that gun violence prevention laws do not work, rather it called for further research on the topic, finding the current body of research insufficient to draw conclusions.
In August, conservative media trumpeted a 2007 study in the Harvard Journal of Public Law and Public Policy -- a student-edited conservative law review journal -- to attack gun violence prevention proposals as ineffective. The co-author of the study, Gary Mauser, is not a statistician and instead is a professor of business administration who earned his doctorate in psychology. His research on gun violence is suspect. In 2004, Deltoid, a publication of Science Blogs that often evaluates academic research on gun violence, noted that he used erroneous figures to claim that Canada -- which has more restrictions on firearm ownership than the United States -- had a higher violent crime rate than the United States.
His 2007 study contained at least one significant error that undermined his conclusion that no relationship exists between gun ownership and murder rates. He wrote that, "Luxembourg, where handguns are totally banned and ownership of any kind of gun is minimal, had a murder rate nine times higher than Germany in 2002," based on his claim that Luxembourg had a murder rate of 9.01 per 100,000 individuals compared to Germany's rate of 0.93 per 100,000.
But in a later paper, Mauser quietly acknowledged that Luxembourg's murder rate was actually lower than Germany's.
More generally, his conclusions are suspect because he compared gun ownership to all types of murder instead of solely to gun homicide. He also included low-income nations in his study, which makes for a problematic comparison. Reputable research that attempts to make international gun violence comparisons typically only compares the United States with other high-income nations in order to compare the most similarly situated countries. A 2011 study in The Journal of Trauma and Acute Care Surgery found that the United States -- where gun laws are typically weaker -- has a gun homicide rate 19.5 times the average of other high-income nations.
Research actually conducted at Harvard, as opposed to being published in one of its student-edited journals, found that "in homes, cities, states and regions in the US, where there are more guns, both men and women are at higher risk for homicide, particularly firearm homicide."
Miller Downplays Availability Of Assault Weapons And Claims They Only Resemble Military Weapons In A Cosmetic Sense
Contrary to the commonly understood definition of an assault weapon -- a semi-automatic military-style rifle like the AR-15 style rifles used in the Newtown and Aurora mass shootings -- Miller claimed that "an assault weapon is a machinegun, which is automatic ... so you pull the trigger and bullets fire and that's what we have in Afghanistan." She also claimed that the term was invented by opponents of the weapons "in order to mislead the public into thinking these are weapons of war."
In fact the term "assault weapon" was commonly used to describe semi-automatic military-style rifles by the gun industry and proponents of the weapons prior to a 2009 public relations move by the gun industry's lobby to rebrand this class of weapons as "modern sporting rifles."
The term assault weapon was used as a marketing tool to advertise the military features of the weapon. For example a 1984 advertisement for the "HK 91 Semi-Automatic Assault Rifle" played up military themes and noted that the HK 91 is the semi-automatic version of the G3, a fully automatic machinegun that was used by militaries worldwide:
Other evidence that the term "assault weapon" was commonly used by its proponents is gun expert Duncan Long's 1986 technical guide to the AR-15 rifle titled, Assault Pistols, Rifles and Submachine Guns. In that book, Long dismissed the claim that the term assault weapon only applies to automatic firearms:
The next problem arises if you make a semiauto-only model of one of these selective-fire rifles. According to the purists, an assault rifle has to be selective fire [has the ability to switch between automatic and semi-automatic fire]. Yet, if you think about it, it's a little hard to accept the idea that firearms with extended magazines, pistol grip stock, etc., cease to be assault rifles by changing a bit of metal.
In 2009, however, the National Shooting Sports Foundation, the gun industry's lobbying group, issued a "media resource" in anticipation of legislation to ban assault weapons that said the firearms should instead be called "modern sporting rifles."
Miller also claimed that assault weapons "aren't military weapons" but instead "are semi-automatic rifles [that] have cosmetic appearances." Many proponents of assault weapons claim that semi-automatic assault weapons only resemble military weapons in a cosmetic sense.
This theory ignores that the AR-15 assault weapon is a direct derivative of the military's M-16. In 1962, the military began field testing a rifle called the AR-15. Once it was accepted for use in the military, it was renamed the M-16. In 1963, Colt purchased the design and began selling a semi-automatic AR-15 rifle on the civilian market.
Unsurprisingly, the features of an assault weapon serve a purpose and are not mere cosmetics. As Miller herself explained in Emily Gets Her Gun, the pistol grip feature of an assault weapon allows for "better control":
I've shot several modern sporting rifles and standard shotguns, and the rifles are significantly easier for me to control. They are lighter, so I can hold them up to aim with the sights. The pistol grip on the bottom helps me to hold up the gun by using my left hand for better control. [Emily Gets Her Gun: ...But Obama Wants to Take Yours, pg. 49, 9/3/13]
As Violence Policy Center explained in a 2011 report, assault weapon features including the pistol grip and ability to accept a high-capacity ammunition magazine "meet specific combat needs" and are intentionally designed "for laying down a high volume of fire over a wide killing zone":
The world's armies developed assault weapons to meet specific combat needs. All assault weapons -- military and civilian alike -- incorporate specific features that were designed for laying down a high volume of fire over a wide killing zone. This is sometimes known as "hosing down" an area. Civilian assault weapons feature the specific military design features that make spray-firing easy and distinguish assault weapons from traditional sporting firearms.
The most important of these design features are-- High-capacity detachable ammunition magazines that hold as many as 75 rounds of ammunition.
A rear pistol grip (handle), including so-called "thumbhole stocks" and magazines that function like pistol grips.
A forward grip or barrel shroud. Forward grips (located under the barrel or the forward stock) give a shooter greater control over a weapon during firing.
Miller Claims That There Is No Functional Difference Between Assault Weapons And Handguns Or Hunting Rifles
Miller claimed that an assault weapon "doesn't shoot any differently than the handgun you see on the cover of my book or your uncle's hunting rifle," over host Joe Scarborough's objection that assault weapons fire with a "much different impact." Miller added that assault weapons are "not any functionally different than a hunting rifle."
In fact, the features of assault weapons distinguish that class of guns from both handguns and a traditional hunting rifle in important ways.
While a substantial number of handguns are designed to be semi-automatic and accept a detachable high-capacity magazine like an assault weapon, the assault weapon fires a round with much greater velocity compared to even a powerful handgun, meaning that it produces a more devastating injury.
According to a 2011 report by doctors who performed autopsies on soldiers killed by gunfire in Iraq, "The velocity of the missile as it strikes the target is the main determinant of the wounding capacity" and "[t]he greater energy of the missile at the moment of impact the greater is the tissue destruction." Indeed, the study found that rounds with a velocity exceeding 2,500 feet per second cause a shockwave to pass through the body upon impact that caused catastrophic injuries even in areas remote to the direct wound.
An AR-15 assault weapon can fire a .223 caliber round with a muzzle velocity of 4,000 feet per second. The 1911 pistol -- known as a high powered handgun for its use of .45 caliber ammunition -- fires at a muzzle velocity of no more than 1,055 feet per second.
Assault weapons differ from traditional hunting rifles in their ability to fire a much larger number of rounds in a shorter period of time.
All assault weapons are semi-automatic, while a traditional hunting rifle is operated by a bolt- or lever-action. On a semi-automatic firearm, pulling the trigger not only causes a round to be fired, but also sets in motion a process that places the next round to be fired into the chamber. The result is that every time the trigger is pulled a new round is fired, until the magazine that holds the rounds is exhausted. On a bolt- or lever-action firearm, the operator must work the bolt or lever with her or her hand after each round is fired in order to move the next round into the chamber.
As a practical matter, this additional step means that a semi-automatic assault weapon can be fired at a rate much faster than a traditional hunting rifle. Indeed, a 30-round magazine can be fired from a semi-automatic firearm in five seconds. Assault weapons can also be equipped with a Slide Fire stock that allows the weapon to be fired at a rate equal to an automatic machinegun.
Assault weapons also accept a detachable magazine, allowing for a much faster reload time compared to the internal magazine commonly found on a hunting rifle.
It is no surprise that when used in mass shootings, firearms with assault weapons features cause more fatalities and injuries. According to a report from Mayors Against Illegal Guns on mass shootings that occurred between January 2009 and September 2013, shootings involving assault weapons or high-capacity magazines resulted in 151 percent more people shot and 63 percent more fatalities:
The Royal Order of Jesters is a male fraternal organization, allowing only Shriners in good standing to join. Admission is by invitation only.
Formation [ edit ]
The original meeting resulting in the formation was held on February 20, 1911, by Shriners in the Captain's office of the S.S. Wilhelmina on a pilgrimage to Aloha Temple, Hawaii. Noble A.M. Ellison of San Francisco, California, was responsible and the original cast included a Director and thirteen members. It was organized June 25, 1917, at an informal meeting.[1]
About the organization [ edit ]
"Whereas most Masonic bodies are dedicated to charity, The Royal Order of Jesters is a fun "degree," with absolutely no serious intent. The motto, "Mirth is King,” is sufficient to give voice to the purpose of the organization. The Royal Order of Jesters feel that there are times, after our hard work and dedication to family and mankind, when everyone should remember to laugh and appreciate the good work one has done."[1] The icon of the Order is the Billiken.[2]
The order is very anti-publicity. For example, a website made by one of its members was removed after intervention of the National Court of the Order. The primary reason behind this was the desire of the Board to minimize the public exposure or public access to Jester information.[3]
Membership [ edit ]
Local "courts" are limited to thirteen initiates yearly and membership is by invitation only. In fact, asking to join will almost certainly result in the individual never being accepted.
Museum [ edit ]
The Royal Order of Jesters owns a museum in Indiana. On display are items relating to the Order and some items related to William Shakespeare and other historical people who focused on humor in their works.[4]
Gohar the new champion as Elias makes it two
A new Girls' world junior champion was crowned in Eindhoven after Nouran Gohar beat Habiba Mohamed in a dramatic repeat of last year's all-Egyptian final – for a fifth successive Egyptian win, and nine out of the last ten – while Peru's Diego Elias joined the elite few who have won the world junior title twice as he beat Yousef Soliman in straight games.
WSF World Juniors 2015, FINALS [2] Nouran Gohar (Egy) 3-1 [1] Habiba Mohamed (Egy) 11-6, 7-11, 11-7, 17-15 (71m) [1] Diego Elias (Per) 3-0 Youssef Soliman (Egy) 11-6, 11-9, 11-8 (51m)
TODAY'S MATCHES TWITTER UPDATES WATCH LIVE PHOTO GALLERY
Nouran the new champion
Last year in Namibia Habiba Mohamed was the underdog, but came from a seemingly losing position to beat Nouran Gohar to become world champion, and she started today as the top seed.
It was Gohar though, the second seed but higher-world-ranked player (15 v 19) , who started the better, taking a 4-0 lead in the opening game, then pulling away after Habiba had levelled to take the lead 11-6. She carried that momentum into the second, leading 4-1 and 6-3, but Habiba is a fighter, and her determined running and fierce hitting started to pay dividends as she pulled back, taking the last six points of the game -five of them errors from Gohar – to level the match 11-7.
In such a fiercely contested match, there was much for the referees to do, especially at the start of the third game where Habiba took a 4-2 lead, five of the points coming from strokes awarded. This time though it was Nouran's turn to fight back as she levelled at 5-all and moved on to retake the lead 11-7.
The fourth was an epic – 30 minutes of unrelenting effort and tension. Habiba led 4-1, Nouran levelled at 6-all. 7-all, 8-all, 9-all, game ball for Habiba on a no let, 10-all on a stroke. Into extra points, and no let up as each had opportunities, each denied by their opponent's determined play, the referee's decisions or, less often, their own errors. It was gripping stuff.
"I won't lose" Habiba told herself when facing four match balls in the semi-finals, and she didn't. But Nouran is a fighter too, and she really, really wanted it too.
Habiba would have game balls at 12-11, 13-12 and 14-15. Nouran had match balls at 11-10, 14-13 and at 16-15. when she finally powered in a low drive that even Habiba had no chance of reaching. We had a new champion.
"I can't feel anything right now, I'm so happy," said a delighted winner. "In the second game she played very well and I lost concentration, but then I played well again in the third.
"I didn't think of last year at all, I know I played badly then and I didn't want it to affect me.
"The fourth was so tough, if I'd lost that I don't think I would have had anything left, I was so pleased to finish it in four, I really don't know what happened at the end!"
It's Diego the second
The Boys' final was more straightforward, but despite top seed and defending champion Diego Elias maintaining his run of straight-game victories it was anything but easy as Yousef Soliman made him work for his second title.
The Peruvian started well certainly, taking 8-2 and 10-4 leads in the first, finishing it off 11-6.
Two strokes and two unforced errors gave Yousef a 4-0 lead in the second, and the Egyptian was definitely into the match no as the rallies lengthened and the retrieving stepped up a level. Diego levelled at 4-all but Yousef had the bit between his teeth, continued pressing and more than held his own as the score reached 8-all.
Two Egyptian shots that just clipped the tin gave Diego two game balls, and he took the second of them as a stroke was awarded – a little harsh, some felt – at the end of a scrambling rally.
The third was just as well contested, but Diego managed to stay a point or two ahead, reaching 10-7 and again winning on the second opportunity as Yousef finally succumbed with a volley into the tin.
Ramy Ashour, Mohamed and Marwan Elshorbagy, and now Diego Elias, double World Junior Champion.
"I feel very happy to win this title," said Diego, it's what you work for. It's thanks to my supporters, trainers, and family, especially my Dad who pushed me and worked with me, making this happen.
"This has been an important month for me, with the Pan American Games where I played well to reach – and almost win – the final, and now this, "It's an honour to join the list of people who have won this title twice and I hope I can continue to progress as they have."
Note: Diego brought the trophy back today,very apologetic that he couldn't get his win from last year engraved because the plates were full. So what he did was the get new plates made, including the previous winners plus himself ! No apologies needed Diego !!
The Girls' team event, with 18 nations competing for the title, starts tomorrow with Pool matches at 11.00, 14.30 and 18.00.
TODAY'S MATCHES TWITTER UPDATES WATCH LIVE PHOTO GALLERY
Photos from the Plate Finals and finals day activities
INSIDE the World Juniors, Video Interviews
The green tax con: Climate change levies are swallowed up by Treasury
Millions of people believe soaring green taxes are simply an excuse to take more money from their pockets, MPs say.
In a hard-hitting report they warned that environmental levies - supposedly there to help the planet - are badly tarnished.
They called on the Government to 'put its money where its mouth is' and use receipts from fuel and aircraft duties to improve public transport rather than just fill Treasury coffers.
Millions believe green taxes are an excuse to take more money from people's pockets
The Environmental Audit Committee also urged ministers to restore the public's trust by using green taxes more carefully and more openly.
The report came just days after official figures showed that green taxes topped more than £40billion for the first time last year. Most fell on motorists, who paid a highest-ever amount of £27billion in fuel duties.
But air passengers paid a further £2billion, while the tax on rubbish, landfill tax, for the first time raised more than £1billion. A further £½billion came from green taxes on energy companies which are passed on to consumers.
Green taxes are forecast to rise as a proportion of all taxation until 2014. After that they will level out, the report said.
Joan Walley MP: 'Recent Budgets have created the perception that environmental taxes are simply being used to pinch extra pennies from people'
Joan Walley MP, chairman of the House of Commons committee said: 'Recent Budgets have created the perception that environmental taxes are simply being used to pinch extra pennies from people.
'Politicians should use green taxes more carefully to challenge and change the most polluting activities.
'The Government must put its money where its mouth is and put greening the economy at the heart of its plan for growth.'
Successive governments have introduced a host of green taxes - from hikes in fuel duty to hidden levies on domestic fuel bills to help subsidise wind farms.
The MPs' report said taxation could play a key role in protecting the environment by penalising polluters and encouraging people to lead more sustainable lives. But for the taxes to work they have to be straightforward and fair, they warned.
The report said: 'It cannot be all stick and no carrots. A shift to environmental taxes must be accompanied by a corresponding reduction of taxes on the things that are valued by society - such as jobs, incomes and profits.'
Using the receipts from green taxes for environmental ends would help restore confidence in the tax system, the report said.
'The Treasury should start to rebuild trust in environmental taxes by ring-fencing some of the revenues raised from fuel duty to cut soaring train and bus fares,' said Mrs Walley.
The Campaign for Better Transport said revenues from fuel duty should be used to improve public transport.
Spokesman Sian Berry said: 'The Government should be helping people to switch away from environmentally damaging behaviour, but by actively raising train fares and cutting support for bus services, it is doing the opposite.'
Critics say too many green taxes are stealth taxes and have called for greater transparency. Energy watchdog Ofgem estimates the average householder pays around £100 a year in hidden green taxes on their electricity and gas bills.
LONDON -- Antonio Conte says Chelsea need "warriors" like Diego Costa on the pitch, and that he's pushing his players to emulate the leadership shown by captain John Terry during his spell on the sidelines.
Costa has been the outstanding player in the Premier League this season, registering 11 goals and five assists in 14 appearances to fire Chelsea to an eight-match winning streak that has seen them climb to the top of the table.
But just as impressive has been the 28-year-old's discipline; after four bookings in his first six Premier League games this season -- two for dissent -- he has so far steered clear of the fifth that would lead to an automatic one-match ban if picked up between now and Dec. 31.
Conte has always defended the fiery aspects of Costa's personality, and says the Spain international is turning his rougher edges to his advantage this season.
When Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah publicly confirmed in May 2013 that Hezbollah had intervened in Syria's bloody civil war, the Iran-backed Shiite militant group was locked in a battle that resulted in its highest-ever casualty rate.
Hezbollah's assault on the rebel-held town of Qusayr, near Homs, its first serious engagement of the Syria conflict, saw dozens of fighters killed in just 17 days of grueling street-to-street fighting.
The high casualties and the impact of multiple funerals across Shiite regions of Lebanon led some to predict that in coming to the aid of its ally, embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Hezbollah had entered its “Vietnam” – an exhausting conflict with no clear exit strategy that would erode its popular standing across the Middle East as a powerful foe of Israel.
“The battle in Qusayr will act as Hezbollah's Vietnam and it will have repercussions on the whole of Lebanon,” Michel Mouawad, a Lebanese Christian politician who opposes Hezbollah, said at the time.
Yet, nearly two years later, those predictions have not been borne out. In fact, despite incurring high casualties and the wrath of the region's Sunnis, Hezbollah has acquired a set of new fighting skills in Syria. While ensuring President Assad's continued survival, a generation of fresh recruits has been bloodied in battle, potentially making the organization a greater threat to arch enemy Israel in any future encounter.
Even domestic criticism over Hezbollah's involvement in Syria has dulled of late, partly in reaction to the rise of extremist Sunni groups like the self-described Islamic State (IS), whose rampages across Iraq and Syria and video-taped atrocities send a collective chill through Lebanon's religious minorities.
“When you refer to Vietnam it means being stuck in a quagmire. It's a grinding fight, no doubt about it, but it's not quite a quagmire [for Hezbollah],” says Michael Young, a Lebanese political analyst who wrote a column in June 2013 asking whether Syria could become Hezbollah's “Vietnam.”
Syria's strategic value
Syria is the geopolitical linchpin that connects Hezbollah to its ideological and logistical patron, Iran, providing strategic depth for its struggle against Israel. It is also a conduit for the flow of weaponry to Hezbollah's arsenal. The fall of Assad would likely disrupt the regional alliance known as the “axis of resistance,” grouping Iran, Syria, Hezbollah, and other militant organizations that oppose Israel and Western policies in the Middle East.
Hezbollah leader “Nasrallah made it clear [in 2013] that preserving the regime and its axis of resistance was strategic [and] vital for Hezbollah,” says Jeffrey White, defense fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. “This definition of the situation and its stakes produced the commitment, and will likely preserve it despite the costs… The difference between this and Vietnam is that [Syria] really is strategic… for Hezbollah.”
There are estimated to be at least 5,000 Hezbollah fighters operating in Syria at any one time. They spearhead battles across the country from Hasake in the northeast, to Aleppo in the north, Latakia in the northwest, Damascus and its suburbs, and Deraa in the south.
For now, Hezbollah and its allies have the upper hand in Syria. The moderate rebel Free Syrian Army is withering in the face of dwindling foreign support and the onslaught of the Assad regime and extremist groups like IS. And the international community has shifted from debating whether Assad should be toppled to fretting about the IS threat.
A steep price
Still, Hezbollah has paid a steep price. Since sending the first combatants into Syria in the summer of 2012, perhaps a little over 1,000 fighters have been killed. To put that figure into context, in nearly three years, its casualties in Syria are approaching that of Hezbollah's official tally of 1,284 killed battling Israel's occupation of south Lebanon between 1982 and 2000.
Nasrallah was once hailed in regional polls as the most admired leader in the Arab world. Today he is reviled by most Sunnis and his party dubbed “Hizbu Shaitan,” the “Party of the Devil,” a play on the organization's name which means the “Party of God.”
“Too much blood has been spilled, too many lives have been lost, too much mistrust has set in, and it is going to be very hard for Hezbollah to rehabilitate its image among the majority of the Syrian Sunni street,” says Randa Slim, a Hezbollah expert at the Middle East Institute in Washington.
And there is little indication that Iran, which has taken control of the struggle to preserve the Assad regime, is willing to offer any fig leaf to the Syrian opposition that could salvage ruptured Sunni-Shiite ties. On the contrary, in recent months, Iran has doubled down on its commitment to Assad, building numerous Syrian “Hezbollah-style” militias and deploying Iranian Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.
Key support for Iran's gains
“Iranian military commanders liberated 85 percent of Syrian territory previously controlled by the opposition, at a time when Assad had accepted defeat,” Hussein Hamdani, a top IRGC general, told Iran's Rasa news agency this week.
Iranian officials have acknowledged the vital role Hezbollah has played in allowing the Islamic Republic to exert new levels of influence across Syria as well as other flashpoints in the Middle East such as Iraq, Yemen, and Gaza.
“That is a huge advance for them [the Iranians]. It's gigantic. Can you imagine them having that much control in Syria a few years ago before this crisis happened?” says Phillip Smyth, a researcher at the University of Maryland and author of the Hizballah Cavalcade blog, which focuses on Shiite militarism in the Middle East.
There is a certain irony in associating Hezbollah with a Vietnam-style morass. In the late 1990s, the Vietnam analogy was applied to Israel's occupation of a border strip in southern Lebanon. Israeli troops came under attack almost daily from lightly armed Hezbollah fighters, and finally pulled out in May 2000.
Still, such comparisons with Vietnam were perhaps as misleading as for Israel as they are today for Hezbollah. Washington lies 8,300 miles from Hanoi, but Israeli officials used to point out that Shiite Hezbollah-supporting villages in south Lebanon lie less than a mile from Israeli border communities.
Support from Shiite base
Nasrallah has used the same argument of the enemy's proximity to justify Hezbollah's intervention in Syria.
“If those [extremist Sunni] groups manage to specifically control the [areas] adjacent to the Lebanese border, then they will pose a threat to the Lebanese, both Muslims and Christians,” he said in his May 2013 speech.
That argument has helped Hezbollah maintain the support of its Shiite base for its Syria gambit, despite the backlash last year of multiple suicide bombings in Shiite-populated areas of Lebanon that left dozens dead and hundreds wounded. Even some Christians have muted their criticism of Hezbollah, viewing the threat posed by IS, which has a stronghold on Lebanon's northeast border, as worse than the repercussions of Hezbollah's intervention in Syria.
In Shiite villages in southern Lebanon and the Bekaa Valley, brightly-colored “martyr” portraits of those slain in the Syria war hang alongside their sun-faded counterparts from earlier battles against Israel. For Hezbollah members, there is no difference between the enemy they once fought in south Lebanon and the forces they confront today in Syria.
“We consider the fight against the Takfiris as the same as against the Israelis,” says the mayor – a Hezbollah member – of a village in south Lebanon. The term Takfiri is used to describe extremist Sunnis who view as apostates all those that do not share their literal interpretation of Islam. “Syria is not a Vietnam for us. Israel is backing the Takfiris to try and weaken us, but in fact they are making us stronger.”
Israel has taken notice
Certainly, Hezbollah has expanded its martial skills in Syria, learning to fight in a broad variety of environments from desolate mountains to arable landscapes and dense inner-city neighborhoods. And Hezbollah's battlefield gains have not gone unnoticed in Israel.
Hezbollah commanders “are learning about controlling fighters, coordinating intelligence, firepower, and command and control. This is a serious development that requires us to prepare accordingly,” an anonymous Israeli army officer was widely quoted in the Israeli media as saying last September.
Abu Ali, a veteran Hezbollah fighter, who has served multiple tours in Syria, reckons the organization's involvement in Syria has made it stronger.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“After Qusayr, it doesn't matter where we are sent. We are trained for everything,” he says speaking on the eve of a new deployment to Syria.
Still, Abu Ali did not expect the conflict to end anytime soon. “It will go on for several more years,” he says. “But that is not a problem for us because we are winning.”
Hultzen, who has been shut down indefinitely because of shoulder stiffness, is 'exploring all of his options,' Mariners manager Scott Servais said Thursday.
PEORIA, Ariz. — Pitcher Danny Hultzen, who has been shut down indefinitely because of shoulder stiffness, is “exploring all of his options,” Mariners manager Scott Servais said Thursday.
“I think he's in a tough spot,'' Servais said. “He's gone through so much. I really feel for him, knowing he's a very talented guy. The cards the game deals you every once in a while are not always fair. Hopefully he kind of makes a decision where he's at and then can move forward. Right now, he's just trying to weigh all his options and see what he wants to do.”
Hultzen, 26, has battled to come back from major shoulder surgery in 2013. He missed the 2014 season and pitched just eight innings at Double-A last year. He was the No. 2 overall pick in the 2011 draft.
“It's just a setback,'' Hultzen said. “It's obviously super-frustrating, because I've been doing everything I can. That's the way I'm looking at it. I know I'm doing everything I can, and whatever happens is going to happen. I'm not going to look back and say I wish I'd done something more, because I know I'm doing everything I can.”
Hultzen threw a live batting practice this week and felt fine. But afterward he said: “It was painful, and really, really weak. Maybe I was just doing too much. It's hard to pinpoint what exactly happened. I definitely didn't feel a pop or anything like that. That didn't happen, which is good.”
Hultzen said he is waiting for his inflammation to decrease and hopes to resume his throwing program when it does.
“I think that's the plan,'' he said. “I've got to pass the tests and all that stuff, but it's already getting better, so I'm feeling OK about it.”
One more tuneup for Furbush
Left-hander Charlie Furbush, who missed the second half of last season because of left-biceps tendinitis and a slight rotator-cuff tear, will throw one more live BP session before appearing in a Cactus League game. The date hasn't been determined, “but I'm guessing it's going to be in the next couple days,'' Servais said.
Servais said he'd generally like for relievers have six or seven stints during spring training.
“He's been out a couple of times, but I do want to see him in games, coming off a pretty significant injury last year,'' he said. “The ball's coming out of his hand great. It's just not maybe bouncing back as quick yet, which is very understandable. Our training people are not worried about it at all.”
Romero back in the outfield
Stefen Romero is playing left field in Thursday's game against the Cubs and might get some time soon at first base. In his first appearance of the spring at first, he was hit on the knee by a line drive.
Romero is 6 for 11 this spring. Asked about what position Romero might settle upon in the future, Servais replied, “I think his future is the right-handed bat, and how that fits on a club. Whether that's left field, right field, first base, it does give you more options; it only helps him. I really like the way he's swung the bat. Obviously, he's had a good camp so far, good at-bats yesterday, and he'll continue to get plenty of playing time.”
Romero, 27, has just a .192 average in 85 major-league games in 2014-15, and the Mariners aren't in a position to let him develop in the major leagues.
“You wish you had time for everybody to develop,'' Servais said. “I think the way we're built this year, we want to compete. We feel good about our club, so it's who's going to be able to help us win on a daily basis, in whatever role you're in. Whether that's pinch-hitting late, starting against left-handed pitching, you got to produce.
“This is the get-em-out league or the production league. The other league is on the minor-league side. That's the developmental league. That's not really the league we're in right now.''
Notes
— The Mariners might make their first cuts of the spring this weekend, but Servais said they will be minimal. …
— The Mariners announced they have reached a multiyear contract extension with their flagship radio station, 710 ESPN. The length of the new contract was not announced, but is believed to be similar to their previous deal, which totaled five years with options involved. The extension with Bonneville Seattle Media Group takes effect in 2017. The Mariners have been on Bonneville in 25 of their first 39 years, rejoining them in 2009 after a stint on KOMO.
Taikonauts return to Earth after the longest crewed mission in space (Image: ChinaFotoPress)
China's new-found footing off-world is changing the rules of today's space race – find out how the rest of the world is rethinking its strategies
ON 14 December 2013, the top trending topics on China's biggest social networks were a popular TV show and a football match. If it hadn't been for a concerted push from China's state-controlled media, the casual observer might never have noticed that China had just become the third country in the world to land on the moon.
The news was not greeted with sweeping enthusiasm. After all, landing the Yutu robotic rover, aka Jade Rabbit, on Earth's closest neighbour was a feat human explorers had bagged many decades before. “We're now only 50 years behind Russia and USA,” quipped one commenter on Weibo, China's version of Twitter. “Our country's designers have some catching up to do,” wrote another, before worrying that the joke would lead to police detention.
Advertisement
But if China itself seemed a little bored, that was nothing compared with the collective yawn echoing around the world. Apart from failing the novelty test, the mission was accomplished using knock-off equipment, and Yutu was dismissed as a tragic “me too” exercise by a country lagging decades behind the world's leading space powers.
This common reaction missed the point. Jade Rabbit's successful launch, landing and exploration is evidence of China's meteoric rise in the space stakes, and one that will only accelerate. “It is a classic example of the tortoise and …
Posted on ·
A few days ago a 7.2 magnitude Earthquake in China was first reported by several Twitter users, and only got picked up by the news agencies 20 or so minutes later. Today it's happening again:
地震！Earthquake in Tokyo! http://urltea.com/2zug 27 minutes ago from Zooomr
Reported by Kristopher Tate on Twitter. No news agencies reported it yet. Google blog search reveals one post:
March 24
(3-24-08) EARTHQUAKE IN TOKYO, JAPAN!
I am sitting her at home in Shimoakatsuka, Itabashi-ku , Tokyo and I just felt an earthquake at about 12:41pm! Did anyone else feel the earthquake?
So it's twitter and a single blog post.
The USGS site has the precise information: magnitude 5.3 Monday, March 24, 2008 at 03:40:13 UTC Honshu, Japan.
Still nothing on newswires.
Update : Still nothing on the majors, but the Times of India and the Trend News Agency, Azerbaijan report it now. Perhaps we need to redefine what a major news agency is
Like this: Like Loading...
“My feminism will be intersectional, or it will be bullshit.” Those words were first written by Flavia Dzodan on October 10, 2011. They were paraphrased by me in the “My feminism will be intersectional, or it will be bullshit.” Those words were first written by Flavia Dzodan on October 10, 2011. They were paraphrased by me in the title of an essay , and it wasn't until the end of that piece that I credited Dzodan. This time around, I will not make the same mistake. I will not make that mistake because that those words were meant to be the central criticism of that piece. It has been proven time and again, and there it was staring me directly in the face: If you are a member of a majority group, i.e., white, male, cisgender etc., you will likely not recognize your own biases, frequently because you will be blinded by your own good intentions.
On the heels of an exceptionally powerful Women's March on Washington On the heels of an exceptionally powerful Women's March on Washington (that was not without its criticisms) , which itself turned into a global day of action, a march for LGBTQ equality is being planned to coincide with Washington D.C.'s Capital Pride festivities. Here again is where I feel the need to say queer love must be intersectional, or it will be bullshit. The observation I made in my essay, that the large majority of people represented at Pride parades across the country tend to be white, fit, cisgender gay men, holds just as true today as it did then. A quick Google search for “don't fit in at pride parades” will produce myriad essays, think pieces, and Reddit threads about members of the LGBTQ community who feel disenfranchised and erased by the narrative painted during Pride parades.
ADVERTISING ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads
To feel the need to say this in 2017 almost feels as if I am shouting into the void. Regardless, it is worth shouting: Pride cannot exist without trans women and men, Pride cannot exist without fats, Pride cannot exist without femmes, Pride cannot exist without lesbians, Pride cannot exist without bisexual people, Pride cannot exist without queer people of color, Pride cannot exist without queer people who are differently abled, Pride cannot exist without fairies and bears and gender-nonconforming folks, it cannot exist without creating space for people who come out later in life or are not yet ready to come out. In order to exist, Pride does not need to create a space for all of those people; it needs to be a space for all of those people from its foundation.
Participating in the Women's March was powerful because I understood from the beginning that it wasn't about me. And I believe therein lies the problem with Pride. It feels as if it exists for me, and certainly there can be an argument made for that. However, I feel it is more powerful, albeit more difficult, to understand that it is actually there for the collective me. I am not, for example, a black lesbian. I will never understand the unique struggles of a black lesbian, and I will never claim to know that experience or equate it with my own. However, it is my responsibility as a queer person to make that person's struggle of equal importance to my own.
For many, marriage equality appeared to be the final frontier. I believe I used to be one of those people. However, I cannot sit by happily married one day if I know that there are LGBTQ youth homeless on the street. I cannot sit happily married one day if there are still black and brown bodies being unjustly persecuted by the police. I cannot sit happily married one day if my queer sisters, both cisgender and trans, are not being paid or valued for equal work. And so we cannot have a march for LGBTQ equality or a Pride parade that does not bring those issues to the front.
I love Ellen and Anderson and Andy and Rachel and Tyler and Neil. But I hope none of them headline the LGBTQ March on Washington. The wonderful thing about that list is that you can fill in the last name of at least half of them without any intimations. They are household names; they are staples of American popular culture. Now try to name six nonwhite, noncisgender queer folks in media as easily. Outside of Laverne or Ru, I don't know if it is an equally easy task. This is why those are the voices that need to be raised, because those are the people, often nameless and always brave, who gave our movement a voice.
Veteran actor Christopher Plummer is livid an injury he suffered during from a one-night stand meant that William Shatner played his part in Henry V - because it made the Star Trek actor a star.Plummer was lined up to perform in the Shakespeare play in 1956 - but an unplanned romp left him unable to take to the stage, according to New York gossip column PageSix.He says in his autobiography In Spite Of Myself: "I woke up alone the next morning... (pain) all around my groin and lower abdomen... I started to whimper like a whipped dog. 'So this is what syphilis is like?' I thought. 'I suppose I deserve it, but Christ, how the hell was I to know?'But instead of being struck down by the disease, Plummer had dislodged a kidney stone and had to undergo a medical procedure with a surgical wire to resolve the problem.He adds, "It began to sink in... Shatner, my understudy, would have to go on... (It) instantly brought back the pain. I screamed for a nurse who jabbed me with more morphine."I knew then that the Sob (son of a b**ch) was going to be a 'star.'"
Christie's has sold a bow by violin maker Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume for $134,500 (photo: Christie's Images Ltd 2012)
A violin bow by the famous 19th-century violin maker Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume, carved with an ivory image of Paganini, has been auctioned for $134,500 at Christie's in New York. It represents a world record for the maker, sitting alongside further records for violin bows by Francois Xavier Tourte and Eugene Sartory, two of bowmaking's the most influential craftsmen, made in the same sale.
The bas-relief carving, on the part of the bow known as the 'frog', was a trademark of Vuillaume's workshop, and Vuilluame himself was a copyist whose forgeries of Stradivari violins can now make in excess of £200,000 at auction. The bows produced by the workshop were made by some of the most respected craftsmen of the time, tending to follow the style of Vuillaume's most respected bow-making colleague, and inventor of the violin bow of the modern form in which we recognise it now, Tourte. The Tourte bow offered in the sale with an estimate of $150,000 - $250,000, made another world record price of $182,500, for a gold and tortoiseshell-mounted example made around 1820.
The sale confirms the continuing increase in the price of high-quality bows, both in America and Europe. Most players extol the virtues of a good bow and the necessity of having one, some even going as far as to say they are more important than the instrument itself.
'You can take a violin and play it with four or five different bows and you are going to get different sounds out of the instrument with each bow,' says Isaac Salchow, bow maker and consultant expert for this sale.
The knowledge that different bows draw different tonal qualities from an instrument, dependent on its construction, age and quality (a bow by Tourte might be pliable but resilient; a Peccatte slightly heaver, for instance), means that top-quality antique bows are increasing in value at an exponential rate.
'Their relative scarcity plays a major role,' says Salchow. 'The numbers just continue to dwindle.'
Caroline Gill
Image copyright Other Image caption Mark Duggan was shot by police last August in Tottenham
A pre-inquest hearing into the death of Mark Duggan has been told that there may not be an inquest at all.
Mr Duggan was shot by police on 4 August in Tottenham, north London, which was followed by days of rioting.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said sensitive material relating to police decision-making may have to be withheld from the coroner.
It said its investigation had been delayed and its findings may not be available until early autumn.
That would be more than a year after the shooting.
Planned operation
If no inquest can be held, Coroner Andrew Walker said an inquiry would have to be arranged, in which some evidence may be heard behind closed doors.
A coroner's officer said a provisional date of 28 January had been set for proceedings - but only if the eight-week inquest was given the go-ahead during a review on 23 October.
Mr Duggan, a father-of-four, was a passenger in a minicab which was stopped in Tottenham by police as part of a planned operation.
He died of a single gunshot wound to the chest.
'Breakdown in confidence'
Initially, the IPCC suggested Mr Duggan had shot at officers, a claim that ballistic tests proved to be untrue.
Anger over the shooting sparked riots in Tottenham on 6 August, with the unrest spreading across London and to other parts of England.
At another pre-inquest hearing in February, the IPCC admitted making a "mistake" by saying Mr Duggan had fired at officers.
That hearing heard the family of Mr Duggan has suffered a "complete breakdown in confidence" in the police watchdog.
[Content note: sexual harassment]
Jezebel recounts the tale of Reddit user OKCThrowaway22221, who pretended to be a woman on OkCupid and was so dismayed, disappointed, and disgusted with the messages he received that he shut it down after two hours.
OKCThrowaway22221 is pretty clear about the fact that, at the outset, he did not truly believe that women's* online dating experiences can be really awful, and, in fact, believed that they “have it easy” with online dating:
Last night I was bored and was talking with a friend on skype about her experiences with online dating. I was joking with her that “girls have it easy on dating sites” etc. etc. I had never really done anything in the online dating world but I had set up a real profile a few years back and didn't use it much aside from getting a few nice messages and decided it wasn't really for me. But, as I said, I was bored, so I decided that I would set up a fake profile. Set it up as a gender-swapped version of me essentially see what would happen. So I did the username, and I was up. Before I could even fill out my profile at all, I already had a message in my inbox from a guy. It wasn't a mean message, but I found it odd that I would get a message already. So I sent him a friendly hello back and kind of joked that I hadn't even finished my profile, how could he be interested, but I felt good because I thought I was right that “girls have it easy”
But soon enough OKCThrowaway22221 is realizing just how wrong he was:
At first I thought it was fun, I thought it was weird but maybe I would mess with them or something and freak them out and tell them I was a guy or something, but as more and more messages came (either replies or new ones I had about 10 different guys message me within 2 hours) the nature of them continued to get more and more irritating. Guys were full-on spamming my inbox with multiple messages before I could reply to even one asking why I wasn't responding and what was wrong. Guys would become hostile when I told them I wasn't interested in NSA [no strings attached] sex, or guys that had started normal and nice quickly turned the conversation into something explicitly sexual in nature. Seemingly nice dudes in quite esteemed careers asking to hook up in 24 hours and sending them naked pics of myself despite multiple times telling them that I didn't want to. I would be lying if I said it didn't get to me. I thought it would be some fun thing, something where I would do it and worse case scenario say “lol I was a guy I trolle you lulz”etc. but within a 2 hour span it got me really down and I was feeling really uncomfortable with everything. I figured I would get some weird messages here and there, but what I got was an onslaught of people who were, within minutes of saying hello, saying things that made me as a dude who spends most of his time on 4chan uneasy. I ended up deleting my profile at the end of 2 hours and kind of went about the rest of my night with a very bad taste in my mouth. I came away thinking that women have it so much harder than guys do when it comes to that kind of stuff.
That's exactly it. The experiences many women have with online dating* are just so fucking icky that they made a dude who “spends most of his time on 4chan” uncomfortable.
As usual, I have two very different thoughts about the whole stunt.
On the one hand:
I'm tired of this. I'm tired of men getting attention for saying things that women have been saying for ages. I'm tired of the fact that men don't believe women's experiences unless they find a way to have those same experiences for themselves. I'm tired of the fact that women's experiences are constantly being dismissed as overreactions or distortions or outright lies–until a man comes along to validate them. I'm tired of the fact that these men can then delete their online dating accounts or take the women's outfit off, but I can't stop moving through the world as a woman.
On the other hand:
Gender certainly plays a role, but so does the fact that most people aren't that great at imagining how they would feel if they went through an experience they've never gone through. Just like appeals to kinship, experiencing something for yourself often helps make it feel more important and relevant to you. I hate the fact that this seems to be the only way this guy learned, but I'm still glad he learned. That's one more person who's going to stop spewing the bullshit that women are “privileged” when it comes to online dating, one more person who will hopefully be a little more supportive of his female friends when they get harassed and abused online.
I've seen a few comments about how this guy is speaking for women and whatnot, and while that obviously happens a lot, I don't think that I see it happening in this case. He did a little personal experiment for himself, not for some grand political purpose, and shared it on a subreddit frequented mostly by women. The fact that his perspective inevitably gets elevated above many women's perspectives is not something that he is responsible for as an individual; it is something that we are all responsible for collectively.
In that way, what happened here–the fact that this man didn't believe women when they talked about online dating, the fact that he only started believing them when he pretended to be a woman, the fact that the story of his daring escape from the Land of Women Have It So Easy has been upvoted and shared so many times–this is not the problem. It's a symptom of the problem.
It's not just with online dating and harassment that this sort of thing happens. A little over a year ago, for instance, Cory Booker (then mayor of Newark, NJ; now senator) made the news for taking the Food Stamp Challenge, in which you live on the equivalent of a food stamp budget for a week. Writing at xoJane, Melissa criticized the stunt:
Dear Mr. Mayor and anyone else: Want to know what it's like to live on food stamps? Read this, this or this — or ask the 46 million Americans who do it every day, not as a “challenge” or for publicity but because they can't afford food. […]There's a big difference between being someone who is “challenging” themselves and has all the immaterial benefits of being not-poor, and being someone who is truly poor, and who's suffering and has probably at other times in their life suffered from lack of food. It's like Tyra Banks putting on a fat suit and acting like she gets it.
(Wearing a fat suit is, in fact, not very much like being fat.)
Of course, the difference here is that Booker is a well-known person, not a random throwaway Reddit handle, and was doing this to raise awareness–and probably for political reasons as well. Although he certainly didn't intend to, Booker did sort of end up speaking for the millions of Americans who are actually on food stamps rather than elevating and centering their voices and experiences.
In her article, Melissa also points out that living on food stamps for a single week can't possibly resemble the actual experience of a person living on food stamps, who may live in fear of losing what little resources they have and who may be chronically malnourished–and who doesn't have the comfort of knowing that after the week's over, everything will be back to “normal.”
OKCThrowaway22221's experience is slightly more similar to that of a woman on OkCupid than Booker's is to that of a person living in poverty, but at the end of the day (or at the end of two hours, rather), he could delete the profile and never have to think about it again. A woman can choose not to do online dating, but she can't generally choose to stop being perceived as a woman by men and treated accordingly. The abuse women get on online dating sites is not unique to online dating sites.
I don't want guys to stop doing things like this if that's what helps them learn. In fact, I've suggested things like this to men in the past when they'd ask me, “Why do we still need feminism?”
I also want every guy who does this, or who learns something from reading about it, so ask himself why women's stories weren't enough.
~~~
In case you're curious, here are some of my OKC experiences:
*It's important to note that not all women experience sexual harassment in the same ways or at the same levels. Women who are marginalized in other ways besides gender are often harassed in ways that interact with those marginalizations (for example, this). Some women are largely ignored by men when it comes to sexual attraction, so it's important not to present online dating experiences like these are representative of all women.
Edit: Heina of Skepchick also has a great post on this, which I didn't see until after I wrote this because I've been traveling.
(Photo Credit: Manpreet Romana/AFP/Getty Images)
Millions of dollars that were supposed to be spent protecting American troops from deadly improvised explosive device (IED) blasts on Afghan roads were squandered by government contractors whose inaction may have cost lives, according to a new inspector general report.
Roughly $32 million was supposed to pay for so-called "culvert denial systems," which are essentially steel grates installed to block access to the drainage culverts that run beneath Afghan roadways. Insurgents had been using the culverts to hide explosives.
"Contractors either had failed to properly install culvert denial systems, rendering those systems ineffective and susceptible to compromise by insurgents, or did not install them at all," according to the report by Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, which was made public Tuesday morning.
"Our preliminary investigation found that at least two Afghan contractors-with a total contract amount of nearly $1 million-in one Afghanistan province have committed fraud by billing the U.S. government for the installation of 250 culvert denial systems that were either never installed or incorrectly installed," the report says.
DOWNLOAD: SIGAR Report on Afghan IED Protection
The report says the inspector general's office is continuing its investigation, and that one goal is to determine whether the failure by any contractors to perform the work may have been a factor in the death or injury of American troops.
Already, the report says, one Afghan contractor and his sub-contractor have been arrested and charged with fraud and negligent homicide.
Investigators appear to have had a great deal of difficulty determine just how many of the drainage covers were supposed to be installed, and of those, how many actually were put in place. In part, the report says, that is because the contracts were handed out by a variety of different military commands inside Afghanistan. The inspectors were able to find contacts for at least 2,500 installations, but found hundreds of those were never actually completed.
Col. Jane Crichton, a military spokeswoman in Afghanistan, told The New York Times that military commanders in Afghanistan have introduced quality assurance experts and policy guidelines to better oversee projects. She told the paper, which first reported on the inspector general's findings, that commanders were also trying to locate the grates and ensure they were working.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The US National Institutes of Health (NIH) is to spend $1.5 million (£1.01 million) on a study to learn why 75% of lesbians are obese and why gay men are not.
Over the past few years, several pieces of research have shown lesbians are more likely to be obese compared to gay and bisexual men.
Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, has received two grants administered by NIH's Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) to study the relationship between sexual orientation and obesity.
Robert Bock, press officer for the NICHD said: “Obesity is a serious public health problem affecting a large proportion of the US. The study is examining reasons why the risk of obesity varies according to sexual orientation, in order to inform the development of future strategies to prevent obesity.”
“Our study has high potential for public health impact not only for sexual minorities but also for heterosexuals, as we seek to uncover how processes of gender socialisation may exacerbate obesity risk in both sexual minority females and heterosexual males,” researchers said.
The project is being led by S. Bryn Austin, Director of Fellowship Research Training in the Division of Adolescent and Young Adult Medicine at Boston Children's Hospital.
SPRINGFIELD - The list of potential candidates running for mayor of Springfield continued to climb on Thursday.
A total of seven people have taken out nomination papers for mayor, as of Thursday afternoon, the third day that papers were available the Election Office at City Hall, according to Election Commissioner Gladys Oyola.
"While the mayoral seat seems to be drawing the most interest from prospective candidates the proof will be in the pudding," Oyola said. "Pulling nomination papers for any office shows an interest in running. However, returning the 500 signatures necessary to run for mayor is the true indication of how serious a candidate is."
Mayor Domenic J. Sarno, of 109 Carroll St., was the first to take out the papers, and said he is running for re-election.
Two other candidates, who have formally announced their candidacies for mayor, also took out papers this week: Johnnie Ray McKnight, of 9 Hollywood St.; and Salvatore S. Circosta, of 24 Burlington St.
Others taking out papers for mayor by late Thursday were: Michael Jones, of 180 Albemarle St.; Michaelann Bewsee, of 27 Mystic St.; Jeffery P. Donnelly, of 120 Lucerne Road; and Beverly Savage, of 36 Sumner Terrace.
Those taking out papers for mayor have until July 28 to return them to the Election Office with at least 500 signatures of registered voters in order to qualify for the fall ballot.
The election is Nov. 3, and a preliminary election will be held in September if there are more than two candidates for mayor. There would also be a preliminary election if there are more than two candidates running for any ward seat on the City Council, or if there are more than 10 candidates running for the five at-large council seats.
A journey of compassion.
Suffering the loss of a loved one is one of the most difficult and trying times in life. You can rest assured that we are serious about the care and sensitivity of transporting departed loved ones to their final resting place.
Our TLC specialists are available 24/7 to work directly with funeral homes and mortuaries, and to assist with the advance arrangements required to ship your loved ones.
Our specialists will assist with worldwide shipping needs including:
Caring oversight and expert knowledge from our TLC specialist team
ExpediteFS SM service offering premium boarding priority and a 100% guarantee
service offering premium boarding priority and a 100% guarantee Daily scheduled service in the U.S. and around the globe
Premium handling process to ensure priority
Online tracking and shipment status notification
Interline specialists to assist with connections throughout the world
Call 800-228-7878 (or 1-817-355-6712 if international) or email us any time to start making arrangements.
Shipping guidelines Uncremated remains When shipping uncremated remains, please provide a physician's or health officer's certificate or a burial transit permit. It is required by local, state, government and international regulations. Shipping cadavers for research purposes does not require a burial transit permit. Please contact the state or country officials both at the origin and destination for full details on all regulations and document requirements. Minimum packaging requirements for uncremated remains Please secure the remains in a casket (or hermetically sealed casket as required) or alternative container (approved metal container or combination unit) in order to prevent shifting and the escape of strong odors. Caskets and alternative containers must be enclosed in an outer container (airtray) made of wood, particle board, corrugated fiberboard, plastic, or other water repellent material, and must have at least six handles and sufficient rigidity and padding to protect the inner container and contents from damage by ordinary care and handling. Please use new airtrays; used airtrays are not permitted. With certain types of combination units or cremation containers, airtrays may not be required. Containers should be clearly labeled with the following information: Air Waybill number, name of the deceased and the destination. Unembalmed remains Dry ice is not necessary to pack unembalmed remains. When using dry ice, remember that it will be subject to dangerous goods shipping regulations. Please secure unembalmed remains in a casket or combo unit or metal container in order to prevent shifting and the escape of strong odors. Please contact the state or country officials both at the origin and destination for full details on all regulations and document requirements. Cremated remains When transporting cremated remains, please keep in mind that the acceptance guidelines are slightly different compared to that of uncremated remains. Unless the remains are destined for a burial service, you will not need a burial transit permit. Please contact the state or country officials both at the origin and destination for full details on all regulations and document requirements. Minimum packaging requirements for cremated remains must be contained in a five-millimeter polyurethane bag within cardboard outer packaging.
A metal container or urn is the preferred method of inner packaging.
Minimum size requirements (12" x 12" x 12") apply.
Cremation containers are not acceptable for the transportation of human remains.
Outer containers should be labeled with the following information: Air Waybill number Name of the deceased Destination
Due to security requirements, no personal items may travel inside of the casket with the remains. All personal effects must be shipped separately. Please ensure the casket is checked before sealing and delivering.
Airtray information Airtrays and combinations units must be new. For your convenience, we sell paperboard and adult-sized airtrays (87" x 32" x 23") which meet the requirements for an outside shipping container. Please note that reusing airtrays is not allowed. We do not offer infant airtrays for sale. The cost of an adult-sized airtray is $90 USD. Airtrays are available for purchase through TLC. Our specialists will verify availability at your originating city and assist with the purchase at the time of your booking.
International guidelines Caskets and outer containers (airtrays or wooden boxes depending on the country) are required for all international shipments of human remains. Please ensure you are providing the correct container based on your country of destination.
All international paperwork must be easily accessible by American Airlines and the receiving party. Paperwork must move with the remains in a document pouch on the outside of the container and cannot travel with the family escorting the remains nor be attached to the inside or outside of the casket.
For uncremated remains, please secure the remains in a hermetically sealed casket or an approved metal container. Combination units are not accepted to international destinations (with the exception of Canada).
By Michael Woods
Mikey Garcia (37-0, 30 KOs) had been the recipient of a pretty heavy, and only certain to increase, push on the part of promoter Top Rank in 2013 headed to 2014.
Being savvy sorts who understand the stable needs to be filled and then re filled with studs, Top Rank's CEO Bob Arum and company looked to Garcia, from the Fighting Garcia Family, as an heir, if not the primary heir, to gain market share in visibility and prominence as their pac(k) leader Manny Pacquiao slid himself further into the political realm, while he fended off Father Times' talons.
But the push ended when the relationship went off the rails. A contract renewal negotiation became strained and then led to a rupture.
Garcia and Top Rank parted ways and holiday cards were not being exchanged.
Still aren't, I'd assume...
On Dec. 19 BoxingScene ran a piece by Keith Idec titled Mikey Garcia: Bob Arum Won't Allow Lomachenko to Fight Me
“If he wants to move up to 35, we can definitely do that,” Garcia said to reporters while hyping up his February fight with IBF 140-pound champion Sergey Lipinets.
“I know Bob won't say anything positive about that. I don't even know if [Lomachenko] is actually interested in facing me. The way I know Top Rank works, they'll have somebody else in line for him to win a title at 35 or maybe even at 40. Most likely, he's not gonna wanna face me because Bob won't allow it.”
Garcia did note he thinks Loma would like to scrap with him.
Arum offered a counter punch to the statements.
“What is he talking about? We have an open door, Garcia can come in and talk to us. The guy is crazy, that's no way to call out a fighter! As far as I understand it he's fighting somebody next anyway,” Arum told BoxingScene.com.
“I really resent using the names of other fighters that way, saying “he won't fight me, the promoter wont allow it.” Bullsh*t! If he came in and with not an astronomical ask, of course we'd do it. Loma beats the pants off Mikey, he says Garcia is too slow. Now, Garcia could disagree. But there's absolutely no impediment to Lomachenko fighting Mikey Garcia. Vasyl has designated Mikey as one of guys he's happy to fight. Garcia has to call us up, say he wants to fight Lomachenko, do we have a date, yeah we do, then the question is, how much do you want? You have negotiated, if the price is right, we do it, it's not rocket science.”
My three cents: No, it's not rocket science, sometimes it's more complicated than that. Because it involves money, and market share, and competing platforms and personalities, and histories, and ego and...you get the point. I do think a Lomachenko vs Mikey Garcia fight is a fight the fans want, and deserve, and should get made in 2018. This year actually had fewer of those fights than it could/should have, and that has me thinking people have over-rated this year in boxing to a degree. That's not a nit-picky critique; I more so put that out there to point out we have room for improvement and I think 2018 could well be better than 2017, with more must-make fights occurring at 130-147 than we saw this year. And also, no one has to be entered into a mutual admiration society, or be exchanging holiday cards, to make deals to make fights that make sense.
Follow Woods on Twitter if you like.
South Australia's wind farms produced enough electricity to meet a record 43 per cent of the state's power needs during July, and on occasions during the month provided all the state's electricity needs.
The output was boosted by the addition of the 275MW Snowtown II wind farm earlier in the month. Before that, the state's 1,200MW of wind farms had provided around 28 per cent of the state's electricity demand in 2012/13.
Combined with the state's 550MW of solar power, it is likely that nearly half of the state's electricity demand came from variable renewable sources such as wind and solar – a record for a major developed economy.
Spain, for instance, this week, said that in July solar made up 8 per cent of its power supply, spread evenly between concentrated solar thermal and solar PV – while wind energy contributed 16.8% of the overall energy generation mix.
“With more than 40 per cent of the state's power demand provided by wind energy for the entire month, it is clear that large amounts of renewable energy can be added to the system without the need for extra backup generation to be built,” Clean Energy Council acting Chief Executive Kane Thornton said in a statement.
“The South Australian example shows that wind power can generate jobs and investment, as well as large amounts of renewable electricity.
“During a short period early in the morning of 31 July, wind power met all of the state's power needs, as well as providing more than 90 per cent for large parts of 8 July,” he said.”
As well as the new record set in South Australia, wind power provided an average of about 7 per cent of Victoria's electricity demand, and around 6 per cent across the National Electricity Market.
Thornton said that while wind was variable, it was also predictable, allowing the grid operator to source the mix of power generation that would deliver the lowest possible prices for consumers.
“This technology has been a clear wind-win for South Australia, generating more than $5 billion of investment over the last decade, creating hundreds of jobs and providing the state with a cleaner power supply – at a low cost to consumers.
“None of this would be possible without the national Renewable Energy Target, which is currently under review. Approximately $15 billion of additional investment will be generated by the policy if the scheme if left as it is currently legislated.”
Derrick Chaulk was driving along the harbor in Norris Arm North on Newfoundland's northeast coast when he spotted what appeared to be a beached whale.
When he got closer, he saw that it was a shark, struggling but still alive ... with a hunk of moose sticking out of its mouth.
Another man, Jeremy Ball, was passing by and the two approached the Greenland shark and, short of a shark Heimlich, successfully dislodged the moose-meat by tugging on it.
"A couple yanks and it just came right out," said Chaulk.
The Greenland shark is not generally known for eating moose. As shark ecologist Ian Hamilton told CBC News, “I don't think a Greenland shark has the capacity to eat a full-grown moose. … primarily because it lives on land, obviously.” The usually docile animal was probably eating a calf that had drowned, he said, describing the shark as an "obtuse" animal that is strange-looking and one of the odder members of the shark family. It spends most of its life lumbering in the ocean's depth, blinded by parasites that dine on its corneas.
That said, they are scavengers and have been known to feast on other carcasses that have found their way into the water, such as polar bears and reindeer.
Once the moose was dismissed, the men set their sights on getting the shark back into the water. They tied a rope around its tail, one man pulled while the other man pushed. After laying in the water for a few minutes, Chaulk said, the shark began breathing again. After another 30 minutes or so, the shark headed out to sea.
"There were a few people up on the bank watching and once that shark swam out and lifted his tail, and then swam all the way out, everybody just clapped," said Chaulk.
"It was a good feeling to see that shark swim out, knowing that you saved his life."
See more about the Greenland shark in the video below:
Shark chokes on moose, rescued by passersby
The Greenland shark found beached in Newfoundland apparently bit off more than it could chew.
Share
The folks behind new Kickstarter Paqsule think they've come up with a crowd-pleasing solution — and, no, it's not ditching exercise to stay at home.
“Paqsule is a bag that cleans itself and anything you put inside it,” co-creator Ravid Yosef told Digital Trends. “Using UV-c and O3 (read: ozone) technology, it sanitizes, deodorizes and kills bacteria with the touch of a button to keep your bag and everything inside smelling fresh.”
A chemical-free, FDA approved process, Yosef says that everything that occurs inside the Paqsule gym bag occurs naturally. It works by first trapping bacteria inside. The owner can then activate the unit, which causes ozone to fill the bag, killing odor and bacteria on contact. UV-C light acts as an additional layer, sterilizing against viruses and pathogens. Each cycle takes 35 minutes to complete, after which the ozone converts back to oxygen, leaving the bag and its contents smelling fresh.
Previous Next 1 of 6
Thanks to an iOS and Android app you can even control the bag's technology from a distance, and get an alert when the fresh cycle is complete. In essence, it's the same principle that causes air to smell the way it does after a rainstorm — only with an added dose of tech thrown in for good measure.
The bag itself is stylish, and boasts a range of other smart features.
“We really wanted Paqsule to be the only duffel bag you would ever need,” Yosef continued. “Rather than having multiple bags for different uses, our cleaning system allows you to use one bag to crossover from the gym to work to travel. We also have a USB charging station and over twenty premium features with lots of pockets to help organize just about anything.”
You can currently pre-order Paqsule on Kickstarter, with prices starting at $229. Shipping is set to take place this summer. Let's hope the concept is still “fresh” by then.
You wanted the best. You got the best.
Welcome to Best of the Triangle 2017, our annual reader-guided tour through 353 of the best things—restaurants, bars, people, places, activities, doctors, dentists, lawyers, accountants, yoga studios, hiking trails, bike shops, auto repair shops, florists, basically anything and everything that you could possibly be looking for—in the area. This is, bar none, the most comprehensive guide to the coolest local stuff out there, imitators be damned. And that's because it pulls from the collective wisdom of tens of thousands of readers casting hundreds of thousands of votes.
As is our wont, the INDY's staff has added to that wisdom, offering our insights, commentary, and bits of context to some of the categories. But the emphasis here is on you and your choices. So congratulations to the winners and finalists, and our gratitude to all of those who took the time to vote. This community rules.Enjoy, and we'll do it all again next year.
Sincerely,
Jeffrey C. Billman, Editor-in-Chief
Eat and Drink
Health and Body
Shops and Services
Out and About
Local Color
The Difference Between Failing and Being a Failure
Today's topic is a silent but deadly killer. Expect to hear me discuss it often. It's one of the primary roadblocks that can keep you from unleashing your greatness. It's so important that I want to address it early on at Create the Map. Unless you learn how to properly view failure, it can destroy your creative fire.
Dr. Seuss's First Children's Book Was Rejected by More Than 20 Publishers
Did you know that no one wanted to publish Dr. Seuss's first children's book? Depending on which version of the story he told, somewhere between 20 and 29 publishers rejected the book. Can you imagine getting rejection letter after rejection letter? His official bio talks about how he was so disappointed and discouraged that he was “walking down Madison Avenue, about to throw the book away.” But then, “he ran into former classmate Mike McClintock, who had just been appointed juvenile editor of Vanguard Press. McClintock promptly took him up to his office, where they signed a contract for Mulberry Street.”* Even once that book was published in 1937, his advertising work remained his main source of income for the next 20 years until he published The Cat in the Hat, his thirteenth book. By that point, Dr. Seuss was in his 50s.
You're Going to Fail
If you want to live authentically, do great things, and carve out your own path in life, then you're going to fail. Accept it. Expect it. That doesn't mean you give any less energy or effort to what matters to you in life. But it does mean that it's human to fail. Success isn't so much about learning how to avoid failure; it's more about learning how to handle failure. What's most important is that you learn how to get up each time you fail. In all of the stories I've encountered and life experiences I've had so far, it seems to me that getting back up each time you fall might be the single greatest indicator of who succeeds and who doesn't. Just take a look at the failures Abraham Lincoln racked up before becoming President.
Just Because You Fail Doesn't Mean You're a Failure
There's a difference between failing and being a failure. I've met people who see each failure as a sign that they are a failure. But everyone fails. Even successful people. Even your heroes. Even the people who seem like everything they touch turns to gold. Even superheroes. Often we hear about people who've succeeded long after they've trudged through all those failures along the way, so it can seem like their success came easily. Perhaps the most important difference between failing and being a failure is that “failing” is just a setback/disappointment whereas “being a failure” is a mindset. I created a chart that outlines the differences between failing and being a failure. Here it is:
Being a failure is pretty simple. Give up. That's it. It takes a lot more courage, guts, and heart to fail and then keep going. As long as you're working toward something that matters to you, then you're not a failure.
My Own Lesson in Failing
I submitted my first feature-length film to numerous film festivals. (For those who may not know, film festivals only accept a certain number of films each year to screen. Most film festivals reject far more films than they accept.) The Toronto Film Festival was the first to reject my film. The Sundance Film Festival rejected it. The Slamdance Film Festival rejected it. The Berlin Film Festival rejected it. New Directors / New Films rejected it. The Tribeca Film Festival rejected it. So did the Los Angeles Film Festival. But guess what. The SXSW Film Festival called and invited me to premiere my film there. After it premiered at SXSW, I continued to get rejected from other festivals, but I started getting accepted into more festivals. And through SXSW, I ended up meeting the company that ultimately distributed my film – Oscilloscope Pictures, owned by Beastie Boy Adam Yauch. Oscilloscope's executive, David Fenkel, saw the film at SXSW, and so did Adam Yauch. The rejections (aka failures) were a necessary part of the journey of getting my film out into the world.
Getting rejection letters from film festivals isn't easy. It's discouraging. But all along, I can honestly say that I always believed that I would find a way to make the film a success. I knew that it would somehow work out and that I would do everything within my power to make it work.
Show Us Your Resilience
Failure is just part of the journey. Don't ever let it make you believe that you're a failure. Maybe you're failing now, but that doesn't mean you'll keep failing. Show us your resilience. It's up to you to bring the tenacity. You have to bring the fire. You have to figure out how to make it happen. You have to get up. And you can't let failing along the way keep you down or turn you into a failure.
Want Free Updates from Create the Map?
If you'd like to receive free updates, you can subscribe to my email list, subscribe to the RSS feed, or connect on Facebook or Twitter.
*Dr. Seuss's Biography, www.Seussville.com
**About the photo above: I took this picture in Pontiac, Illinois during the summer of 2010 on a road trip with my fiancee down old Route 66 in Illinois.
As Verizon plans a fiber expansion in Boston, CEO Lowell McAdam yesterday said the company is talking to other cities about potentially building fiber networks.
Verizon stopped expanding its FiOS fiber-to-the-home Internet, TV, and phone service several years ago, making it a surprise when in April the telco announced plans to replace its copper network in Boston with fiber. In an earnings call yesterday (see transcript), McAdam said, "We are talking to other cities about similar partnerships."
Verizon's fiber expansion plans are as much about improving backhaul to its more profitable mobile network as they are about bringing wired Internet to people's homes. "We will create a single fiber-optic network platform capable of supporting wireless and wireline technologies and multiple products," McAdam said.
When asked which cities Verizon might build fiber in, McAdam said, "We have a stronger position in the Washington to Boston corridor" and "can move to market more quickly" there. But the geographical footprint isn't a "boundary," McAdam said, pointing to San Francisco, where Verizon doesn't offer fiber-to-the-home service but deployed fiber and small cells to boost its wireless coverage for the Super Bowl.
While Boston construction is supposed to begin this year, McAdam didn't provide a timeline for expansion to other cities. Any FiOS deployment outside Verizon's Northeast wireline footprint would still seem unlikely, given that Verizon just sold its fiber and copper networks in California, Florida, and Texas to Frontier. Verizon's failure to further expand its fiber network has been frequently criticized by union representatives and the mayors of major East Coast cities.
McAdam also talked about how Verizon's broadband plans will be boosted by its pending acquisition of XO Communications' fiber business and a related spectrum-lease deal. The XO deal will "provid[e] us with the deep fiber assets including 40 metro fiber rings in major cities and millimeter wave spectrum in a significant part of the country," he said. The XO spectrum will help Verizon move from 4G to 5G wireless technology and provide what McAdam is calling "wireless fiber."
"I think of 5G initially as, in effect, wireless fiber, which is wireless technology that can provide an enhanced broadband experience that could only previously be delivered with physical fiber to the customer," McAdam said. "With wireless fiber, the so-called last mile can be a virtual connection, dramatically changing our cost structure."
Though 5G standards still aren't finalized, carriers including Verizon have been conducting technical trials, and the FCC recently allocated high-frequency spectrum that could be used in future 5G networks. McAdam claimed that Verizon will be "the first carrier to deploy a 5G network in the United States" and said it's preparing for a "fixed commercial wireless fiber launch in 2017," suggesting that Verizon plans a high-speed wireless Internet service for business customers.
Central banks could soon see a wave of technological breakthroughs – that is, if the newest members of the Utility Settlement Coin (USC) project have anything to say about it.
Initially designed as a way to minimize the role of clearinghouses by letting financial institutions pay each other directly using collateral-backed crypto tokens, the implications of the work could have a broad impact. Since the collateral associated with those tokens is to be held by central banks, the project is increasingly being seen as a step toward reimagining how fiat currency could be issued.
But the potential improvements go far beyond faster transactions with less risk to counterparties, according to several members of the consortium.
If both an asset and the currency used to pay for it are issued on a blockchain, entirely new financial products could result, they argue.
Lee Braine of the Barclays investment bank told CoinDesk:
“By focusing on new collateralized digital currencies linked to major fiat currencies, the Utility Settlement Coin project could potentially create new asset-backed regulated digital cash instruments on distributed ledger technology.”
Echoing Braine's enthusiasm was the head of blockchain research and development at Banco Santander, Julio Faura.
In interview with CoinDesk, Faura framed the benefits another way, emphasizing the power of using distributed ledgers to run encrypted, self-executing agreements:
“The idea of having a fiat-backed proxy of central bank money issued on smart contacts for financial institutions to exchange liquidity globally seems a very powerful concept,” he said.
Eliminating risk
The idea of central banks issuing fiat currency on a blockchain also has the attention of Emmanuel Aidoo, the head of Credit Suisse's distributed ledger and blockchain program, who says the change could do more than streamline post-trade processing.
Aidoo said he'd been monitoring the USC for 18 months before concluding that the time was right for his bank to get involved. Indeed, it was his belief that the project could impact financial stability on the largest economic scale, that eventually led him to “help drive momentum” for its support.
He told CoinDesk:
“The applications of USC extend beyond payments, and could ultimately optimize efficiencies in margin and collateral obligations and reduce systemic risk.”
Already, central banks around the world are exploring how blockchain technology could assist in a wide range of applications.
Central to such large-scale, diverse promise, is the ability to minimize risk between each of the individual counterparties involved in an agreement.
For example, currently, there's substantial risk in an exchange process called “delivery versus payment,” which is designed to ensure securities are only moved down the value chain at as close to the moment of payment as possible, minimizing possible exposure to loss due to sudden changes in price.
Another new USC member, digital product manager of cash solutions at State Street bank, Swen Werner, said that “ensuring the settlement of financial instruments follows a strict delivery-versus-payment process is of critical importance to the industry and the success of new distributed ledger solutions.”
Similarly, the head of fintech partnerships and strategy at HSBC, Kaushalya Somasundaram, explained how the solution developed with the help of blockchain startup Clearmatics, could help reduce the number of times such risky exchanges occur.
“It would be a lot more efficient to actually link up the digital currency to the central bank collateral and to be able to transfer the digital currency across,” she said. “Ensuring the cash fungibility happens at once across all the legs of the transaction, and not multiple times, across each leg in a sequential manner.”
Pushing interoperability
Currently, the USC platform is being designed so that the value of the token is derived from collateral stored by Utility Settlement Coin members in central banks – but use of the platform itself is not contingent on central bank adoption.
However, as with any distributed ledger technology, the solution can only be as powerful as the number of parties who adopt it. At every point of exchange between a blockchain-based asset and a centralized asset the element of risk increases, minimizing the potential benefits of a partial implementation, according to Hyder Jaffrey, the head of strategic investment and fintech innovation at UBS.
In order to minimize those vulnerabilities, Jaffrey joins many of his fellow USC members in his belief that fiat currency issued on a blockchain is essential. To help increase the chances that adoption occurs, several members said they aim to leverage their membership as a way to engage directly with central banks.
“In order to see the benefits on-ledger, you really need the breadth of [central bank currencies] available in similar time frames,” he said.
Still, he concluded with a cautious afterthought:
“That's probably going to be some time before we see that.”
Digital cash image via Shutterstock
If Canon's new announcement today is anything hinting towards the future, then Photokina is bound to be quite an interesting time in the camera industry. Today, the company announced the Canon 7 rangefinder camera sporting a Leica screwmount lens mount. The camera is designed to appeal to those of us who love rangefinder ergonomics: such as the photojournalists in the crowd.
But that's not all that may appeal to the Canon camera users out there.
The Canon 7 takes 35mm film and offers ISO capabilities of ISO 6 to ISO 400–which the company claims will allow photographers lots of versatility when shooting. This camera also sports an forward film advance, a .8 viewfinder, specific designations in the viewfinder for focal lengths, a CDS meter, high shutter speed capabilities up to 1/1,000th, double exposure capabilities, and much more. Combine all this with the stellar metal body, and you've got yourself quite a winner. When used with something like Kodak Tri-X, you're bound to go about spending all the money in your wallet thanks in part to the camera's appealing ergonomic structure.
If all this isn't enough for you, then also consider that the company has announced a bokeh-laden 50mm f0.95 lens to soak up all the light in the world.
Image by Leonard Bentley
CTVNews.ca Staff
Former Canadian prime minister Jean Chretien will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow next week.
Chretien will sit down with Putin in his capacity as the co-chair of the InterAction Council, an organization that brings former world leaders together to discuss current global issues.
In a news release, the InterAction Council said Chretien arranged the meeting in preparation for an upcoming InterAction meeting in Wales this summer.
“The main agenda item of which will be the current state of relations between Russia and the West,” the statement said, adding that Chretien will “report to the group on his discussions with the Russian president.”
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his government have been strongly critical of Putin in the wake of the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine. Ottawa's recent decision to join a U.S.-led military training mission Ukraine has drawn a sharp rebuke from Russia.
This is a 4-part miniseries published by DC Comics in 2004. I only just acquired it recently, after hearing it being spoken highly of on some message board. And I must
say that it is a most excellent story. This takes place in the “real world,” where a young boy has been named Clark Kent by his parents, and lives in a small town in Kansas. The first book opens on his 15th birthday, in which he is receiving a bunch of Superman-related gifts from his relatives. We learn this has been a regular occurrence throughout his life, and Clark always politely accepts the gifts, but the truth is that he has no interest in Superman, or comic-books, and is in fact not at all happy to be stuck with his name. He's picked on at school, and dismissed as a nerd. Then, one night, while he is out camping along, he miraculously discovers that he can fly. And he soon realizes that he has all of the powers of Superman. Initially he keeps his powers a secret, but during a flood he feels compelled to help out, and rumors start spreading of a “super boy,” although most people think it's a hoax. Eventually Clark decides that he wants to go public with his powers, but during an accident, when he sees how people react to him, he pretends to not really have powers and resolves to keep his powers secret forever.
In book two, Clark is an adult, living in Manhattan, and working as a writer for The New Yorker. He's been continuing to use his powers in secret to help people whenever he can. He wears a Superman costume when he goes, because he said it makes people less likely to believe anyone who sees him because, after all, everyone knows that Superman is not real. His coworkers occasionally taunt him because of his name, and he is set up on a blind date with an Indian-American woman named Lois. Despite an awkward first meeting, they hit it off, and become lovers, though Clark hasn't told her about his powers. One night, while trying to rescue a sinking boat, Clark is ambushed by the U.S. Military, who blast him with some kind of electric device, and he is knocked unconscious. When he comes to, he's in some kind of secret lab where he's being examined by scientists in radiation suits. He sees the bodies of several other men and woman, and at least one young child, on tables, and he breaks free and destroys the entire place. He starts wearing glasses at work, as a disguise, which causes even more jokes from his coworkers, and then he reveals his powers to Lois.
In book three, Clark and Lois are married. He's now a successful author and continues to secretly help people with his powers, as the Government continues to attempt to capture him. When Lois reveals that she is pregnant (with twins), he decides he needs to do something to get the Government off his back, lest his children be in danger.So he arranges a meeting with a Government agent named Malloy, and proposes a deal. He will agree to help on various covert missions, as long as they're not political missions (like assassinations or coups), and in exchange they agree to stop trying to capture him.
In book four, he's older and his two daughters are grown. He continues to work for the Government, although he's noticed that his powers are starting to slightly fade with time. As such, he begins to seriously consider his origins, and tries to find the explanation for his powers. I won't say any more, for fear of spoiling the ending.
I do have some slight complaints about how Busiek chose to end it, although it is generally very satisfying. Other critiques I'd point out would be that I thought having Clark being such a victim of bullying in school was a little cliche, as was his later decision to start wearing glasses. I also wouldn't expect his adult co-workers to make that big of a deal about his name. Sure, it would be a joke when they first meet him, but after that I don't think they'd be making fun of him all the time, or on a regular basis, the way it's portrayed in the book. I personally knew a guy named Tom Sawyer, and didn't keep bringing that up to him. But, speaking of the name, I would also expect that when Clark starting writing his books he would have used a pen-name. Surely his editors would have insisted on it, for fear of readers thinking it was some kind of joke. But he just used the name Clark Kent for his books.
Nevertheless, despite these minor quibbles, I found this series to be extremely well-written. I already considered Kurt Busiek to be one of the best comic-book writers in the industry, and this is one of my favorite examples of his work, 2nd only to Astro City. It's definitely the best of any “Superhero In The Real World” story that I've ever read. Busiek is ably assisted by artist and colorist Stuart Immonen, as well as letterer Todd Klein. I highly recommend this book, especially to fans of Superman, but I'd also say that this may be the perfect gift to give to a comic-book reader who doesn't particularly care for Superman.
SUPERMAN: SECRET IDENTITY
Browse > Home Parish Life / Homeschool Mom Convinced Son Has Vocation to Papacy
Homeschool Mom Convinced Son Has Vocation to Papacy
Local homeschool mom Candice Sheehy announced to friends early this morning that she believed that her son Thomas may have a calling to the papacy, friends reported last night.
the 42-year-old mother of nine told friends that, though she believed all of her children were either being called to the religious life or martyrdom, Thomas stood out in a different way.
“All nine of my kids obviously pray the rosary three times a day in between going to Mass, Holy Hour, saying the Office, the Little Office, memorizing the Summa, doing homework, and chores, but Thomas stands apart in that his favorite color is white.”
Sheehy said that she recently spoke to her parish priest about “signs” God had been giving her regarding Thomas' vocation, saying that although all of her children loved praying, and thus, were being called to the religious life, that Thomas really seemed to enjoy it.
“The thing is, sure, all my kids have a religious calling, but with Thomas it's different. The other day after Mass, he took me to the side and recommended that I send his brother Ray far away from the family. He said that he was being a bad influence and challenging my authority after a recent decision I had made in regards to being a little more lenient when it came to the reception of breakfast to any of his brothers and sisters that had a complete disregard to promises they made. What he said was diplomacy in action. You not only have to be a lover of the Lord to be pope, but also diplomatic, and he clearly shows signs of both.”
LAHORE: Punjab Chief Minister Mian Shahbaz Sharif said he has asked Law Minister Rana Sanaullah to resign over Lahore fiasco.
Addressing a press conference here on Friday, Chief Minister Sharif said he was aggrieved over loss of human lives during a police raid at Minhaj ul Quran Secretariat in Model Town.
“The judicial commission constituted to probe the killings will reveal facts about the gory incident,” he said. Sharif said that he had ordered arrest of those who opened fire on protestors in Model Town.
“We will have no issue if Supreme Court of Pakistan (SCP) takes suo motto notice and sets up an inquiry commission,” Shahbaz said.
The chief minister said that he wanted to send a team of his ministers to Minhaj ul Quran Secretariat for condolence, but they were not allowed.
“I have always used my power to support the weak,” he said.
At least 12 people lost their lives in firing by police on supporters of Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) in Lahore.
Nadeem Malik, a senior journalist and anchor person of SAMAA's current affair program “Nadeem Malik Live”, said that Shahbaz Sharif being the provincial chief executive should step down pending inquiry by three judges of the Supreme Court.
“Shahbaz Sharif should accept responsibility of the Lahore carnage and resign till the inquiry is completed,” Malik said. – SAMAA
OpenAI (a non-profit AI research company sponsored by Elon Musk and others) has released the public beta of OpenAI Gym, a toolkit for developing and comparing algorithms for reinforcement learning (RL), a type of machine learning.
OpenAI Gym consists of a growing suite of environments (from simulated robots to Atari games), and a site for comparing and reproducing results. OpenAI Gym is compatible with algorithms written in any framework, such as Tensorflow and Theano. The environments are initially written in Python (other languages planned).
If you'd like to dive in right away, you can work through a tutorial, and you help out while learning by reproducing a result.
What is reinforcement learning?
Reinforcement learning (RL) is the subfield of machine learning concerned with decision making and motor control. It studies how an agent can learn how to achieve goals in a complex, uncertain environment. It's exciting for two reasons, according to OpenAI's Greg Brockman and John Schulman:
RL is very general, encompassing all problems that involve making a sequence of decisions: for example, controlling a robot's motors so that it's able to run and jump, making business decisions like pricing and inventory management, or playing video games and board games. RL can even be applied to supervised learning problems with sequential or structured outputs.
RL algorithms have started to achieve good results in many difficult environments. RL has a long history, but until recent advances in deep learning, it required lots of problem-specific engineering. DeepMind's Atari results, BRETT from Pieter Abbeel's group, and AlphaGo all used deep RL algorithms, which did not make too many assumptions about their environment, and thus can be applied in other settings.
However, RL research is also slowed down by two factors:
The need for better benchmarks . In supervised (human-managed) learning, progress has been driven by large labeled datasets like ImageNet. In RL, the closest equivalent would be a large and diverse collection of environments. However, the existing open-source collections of RL environments don't have enough variety, and they are often difficult to even set up and use.
In supervised (human-managed) learning, progress has been driven by large labeled datasets like ImageNet. In RL, the closest equivalent would be a large and diverse collection of environments. However, the existing open-source collections of RL environments don't have enough variety, and they are often difficult to even set up and use. Lack of standardization of environments used in publications. Subtle differences in the problem definition, such as the reward function or the set of actions, can drastically alter a task's difficulty. This issue makes it difficult to reproduce published research and compare results from different papers.
OpenAI Gym is an attempt to fix both problems.
Partners include:
More information, including enviroments (Atari games, 2D and 3D robots, and toy text, for example) is available here.
“During the public beta, we're looking for feedback on how to make this into an even better tool for research,” says the OpenAI team. “If you'd like to help, you can try your hand at improving the state-of-the-art on each environment, reproducing other people's results, or even implementing your own environments. Also please join us in the community chat!
John Schulman | hopper
Steven Seagal seen in a still from his TV reality show "Steven Seagal: Lawman."
The actor's support for Russian policies in Crimea comes just weeks after an Estonian music festival dropped him from its program
Hollywood actor and singer Steven Seagal has played a gig in the Crimean city of Sevastopol in defiance of international sanctions against Russia's seizure of the Black Sea peninsula last March.
The actor played a set of songs with his blues band late on Saturday at an international bikers' event with a strong pro-Russian theme.
Fans waved Russian flags as the singer played guitar on a stage decked out with the black, blue and red flags of Ukrainian rebel group the Donestk People's Republic.
The shows, organized by Russia's Night Wolves biker group — which has close links with Russian president Vladimir Putin — featured video screens with images of the Ukrainian army shelling cities in eastern Ukraine.
Sevastopol is home to Russia's Black Sea Fleet and was the scene of violent clashes during the annexation of Crimea.
Seagal has made no secret of his support for Putin and happily tried on a T-shirt with the Russian president's image on it during the concert, Russian state news agency RIA Novosti reported.
In a Russian newspaper interview last March, Seagal was quoted as saying that Putin's desire to protect Russians in Crimea was completely reasonable.
The actor's views have proved controversial, and three weeks ago, promoters of an Estonian music festival Augustibluus removed him from their lineup.
Seagal seems unabashed and told Russian television that he had traveled to Crimea because music brings people together. "It's true," Seagal added in Russian.
The U.S and EU have imposed sanctions on Russia over its annexation of Crimea and for allegedly providing weapons to anti-government rebels in eastern Ukraine.
Fears have been growing in recent days that Russia may send troops into eastern Ukraine, where the Ukrainian army is leading an offensive against rebels in and around the city of Donetsk.
On Saturday, U.S. president Barack Obama, Germany's president Angela Merkel and British prime minister David Cameron warned Putin that any unilateral move into Ukraine would be seen as "illegal" and "provoke additional consequences."
BEIRUT – Students in Idlib have been asked to solve a gruesome problem in a math exam based on calculating the probability that a captured regime soldier would be beheaded by one of the Islamist groups in control of the province.
The Syrian opposition Interim Government's education minister condemned the test—which was administered by the Free Idlib Education Institute in the village of Al-Barra near Jabal al-Zawiyah—while the teacher who wrote up the exam was fired.
The exam, which dealt with a scenario where the Army of Conquest coalition captures regime soldiers, shed light on commonly shared views regarding the rebel groups' treatment of prisoners in the Idlib province.
The third question in the paper—which bears the stamp of the Syrian National Coalition's Interim Government—reads as follows:
“[If] a number of Assad's soldiers were captured in one of the Army of Conquest's raids each of those fighters would [either] be handed over to Al-Nusra Front with a probability of 4 in 10, to Ahrar al-Sham with a probability of 3 in 10 [or] to Jund al-Aqsa.”
The question went on to state that “each fighter would then be executed by the faction that had received them either by shooting or beheading.”
“If they were handed over to Al-Nusra Front they would be executed by beheading with a probability of 6 in 10, if they were handed over to Ahrar al-Sham they would be executed by shooting with a probability of 7 in 10 and if they were handed over to Jund al-Aqsa they would be executed by beheading with a probability of 8 in 10.”
“So, if they were executed by beheading, what is the probability that they were handed over to the Ahrar al-Sham Islamic Movement?”
“Affront to scholarly principles”
Syrian Interim Government Education Minister Dr. Imad Barq described what happened in the Idlib school as “un-scholarly and un-educational conduct.”
The Education Ministry has taken “all [the necessary] legal and administrative procedures against the teacher who wrote the questions and relieved him of his duties,” Barq confirmed in a statement to the pro-opposition Eqtsad news outlet.
“An individual error by the teacher Mukhlis Ibrahim caused all this clamor, which the media has treated as an outrage for the Interim Government,” he said, adding that “errors happen.”
“As soon as we were informed of the incident, the Ministry investigated and confirmed what had happened.”
“[We concluded] that the writing of that question in the form in which it appeared was an affront to scholarly principles,” Barq told Eqtsad, before saying that the ministry was combating what he called “the politicizing of education.”
He stressed that “the ministry will not allow the repetition of this un-methodological error” and called into question “the interests of the actors who portrayed this individual error as a collective error, in order to destroy all the efforts made by the ministry since its formation.”
Teacher's “industriousness led him astray”
A local source told Eqtsad that the fired teacher, Mukhlis Ibrahim, was a former Syrian army officer who had defected at the beginning of the uprising.
“He was one of the first people to bear arms against regime forces in northern Syria.”
“Ibrahim began working as a teacher when the institute was founded in Jabal al-Zawiyah's Al-Barra after leaving military work behind,” the source added.
“The teacher was known for his bravery and trustworthiness locally but it seems that his industriousness has led him astray.” ​
E-mail account “breached” by Assad thug, teacher claims
After the story began to circulate in the media, the Ministry of Free Education in Idlib issued a video denial in which Ibrahim and the Al-Barra school director appeared, claiming the former had been the victim of a cyber-attack.
“We received the questions from the teacher by e-mail and that is [perfectly] normal,” Free Idlib Education Institute Director Moussa al-Arab told the pro-rebel outlet Step Agency.
After this staff “downloaded the questions and printed the questions without reading them,” Arab said. “I had checked them the day before.”
“We stamped the questions and distributed them to the students,” he went on.
He then claimed that there had been a “breach in the third question.”
“It was [found] irregular after inspection by the teacher.”
Explaining how the “breach” had been discovered, Mukhlis Ibrahim said that he had not realized until the evening after students had completed their exam.
“On the same day in the evening, I saw in the media that there might have been some issue with the questions.”
According to Ibrahim, after checking his e-mail he discovered that “one of Assad's shabiha had breached the account and forged the third question.”​
After I bought my new Canon EOS 40D and took some blue hour and night photos I found out that i have a bright white pixel near the center of the image. I found out that the
RAW converter fixes this problem but JPG files are still an issue.
This pixel is a stuck pixel, or sometimes it called dead pixel. Usually stuck pixel is bright, while dead pixel is black.
Of course I was not happy because i thought this means I have to send my brand-new camera back for a replacement or repair. So I started to google this problem and deep in a forum I found something, something interesting: It seems Canon cameras has a self repair function that can be activated through the menu. All we have to do is to charge up the batteries and go to the menu and initiate a “Manual Sensor Cleaning” then wait about a half minute then turn off the camera.
I made several tests and was not able to see the stuck pixel again on JPG images after this process so IT WORKS!
UPDATE: It seems this method works on some Nikon models too.
After I posted this solution to my blog I get several responses so this method works on
Canon EOS 100D
Canon EOS 400D / Digital Rebel XTi
Canon EOS 450D
Canon EOS 500D
Canon EOS 550D / EOS Rebel T2i
Canon EOS 600D
Canon EOS 700D / T5i
Canon EOS 40D
Canon EOS 50D
Canon EOS 60D
Canon EOS 70D
Canon EOS 80D
Canon EOS 7D, 7D Mark II
Canon EOS 5D, 5D Mark II, 5D Mark III
Canon EOS 5DS R
Canon EOS 6D
Canon EOS-M
If you have luck with this on other camera models leave a comment and I'll update this post.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew tells his Russian counterpart that any oil-for-goods deal between Iran and Russia could lead to more sanctions.
The United States is threatening Russia with more sanctions, not only over the situation in Ukraine but also over a possible oil deal between Moscow and Tehran.
Reuters reported that U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew told his Russian counterpart on Thursday that any oil-for-goods deal Moscow might strike with Iran could run afoul of U.S. sanctions.
"Secretary Lew reiterated our serious concerns regarding reports of a possible deal between Russia and Iran involving oil-for-goods," a Treasury representative said in a statement, after Lew met with Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov.
"He made clear that such a deal ... could trigger sanctions against any entity or individual involved in any related transactions," the representative said, according to Reuters.
Lew also told Siluanov a deal would run counter to an agreement between Iran and six world powers, including the United States and Russia, in which Tehran promised to curb its nuclear program in return for a modest easing in Western sanctions. The sanctions were imposed to choke off Iran's oil revenues.
Reuters reported last week that Iran and Russia had made progress on a barter deal that could be worth up to $20 billion under which Moscow would provide Russian equipment and goods in exchange for Iranian oil.
The interim agreement with Iran is meant to lead to a final accord that minimizes any potential Iranian nuclear weapons threat in return for a full lifting of sanctions.
The sides met again for another round of talks in Vienna on Wednesday, following which Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said the two sides were up to 60% in agreement.
A senior U.S. official was less upbeat but said all sides were committed to keep trying.
Lew and Siluanov also spoke about Ukraine, Thursday's report said, with Lew repeating that the United States stood ready to impose additional sanctions on Russia if it continued to step up tensions, according to the spokesperson.
"Lew stated that the United States continues to believe that there is an opportunity to resolve the crisis through diplomacy," the representative said, according to Reuters.
The representative added that Lew encouraged Russia to further participate in an international effort to restore Ukraine's economic health, "especially as it relates to the free flow of energy and trade."
US moves to expand Internet wiretaps
By Andre Damon
30 April 2013
A US government task force is seeking to force companies such as Google, Dropbox and Facebook to create backdoors for wiretapping user communications, according to a report published Monday in the Washington Post.
According to the Post, the efforts are being driven by the FBI, part of the Obama administration's Justice Department, though the White House has not formally announced a position. However, the panel is preparing legislation that would vastly expand police spying powers.
The FBI claims that, under current laws, internet communications companies can effectively refuse to comply with a court-ordered wiretap by claiming that there is no practical way for them to allow the government to spy on their users' communications. The proposed law would force companies to rebuild their services to allow the government to monitor communications.
The proposed measure, which FBI General Counsel Andrew Weissmann last month called a “top priority” for the agency, is being developed as an extension of the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, known as CALEA, which granted the federal government sweeping powers to spy on US citizens.
Originally, the act applied only to digital telephone networks. However, it was extended in 2005 to include internet communications.
Internet service providers (ISPs), which control the connections between internet users, are currently forced to allow the government to spy on most users' communications. However, the increasing adoption of SSL encryption, which both Facebook and Gmail implemented by default in 2010, limited the government's power to collect personal data through the ISPs.
The FBI's proposal would negate the privacy offered by encryption by forcing companies like Google and Facebook to allow direct access to the companies' computer servers.
The creation of such backdoors would follow actions by Skype, the online chat and voice service, which last year voluntarily reengineered its architecture to allow the US and other governments to monitor chat communications following the company's purchase by Microsoft.
The FBI argues that this vast expansion of spying powers would only be an extension of the existing law—which requires all phone and internet systems to allow wiretapping—to new technologies. But the proposal is much more than this, since services such as Dropbox and Facebook function more like data archives than traditional communications systems.
As a result, the efforts to monitor real-time communications could open up users' entire messaging history and file systems for searches by the government.
Moreover, while the nominal reason for such a move is to force companies to comply with court orders, the reality is that once these systems are created, they can be easily exploited by a new warrantless wiretapping program, or even hackers working covertly for the government.
The panel's proposal is part of a systematic attack on core constitutional rights and protections against government spying, first under Bush and then Obama.
In 2005 the New York Times reported that the Bush administration had for years been conducting an illegal wiretapping program outside of all court oversight. Additionally, the White House authorized the National Security Agency to catalog records of hundreds of billions of telephone calls.
In 2008, then-Senator Barack Obama voted for a law, the FISA Amendments Act, that severely undermined restrictions on government spying, gave a legal fig-leaf to the illegal wiretapping conducted under the Bush administration, and shielded telecommunications companies that complied with the wiretapping program from lawsuits.
The 2008 act allowed the government, with the rubber stamp of the FISA court (originally set up in 1978), to carry out monitoring of every phone call, email and electronic communication between the US and overseas without probable cause. It opened the way for the expansion of spying directed at US citizens.
These operations clearly violate the spirit of the Fourth Amendment to the US Constitution, which requires that the government obtain a warrant based on probable cause before conducting a search, and that all warrants specify the items and premises to be searched.
Last year, the American Civil Liberties Union concluded that the Department of Justice has increased the number of wiretaps by 60 percent since the end of the Bush Administration, with 37,616 phones monitored by the Department of Justice, which includes the FBI, in 2011 alone.
These wiretaps were conducted under the authorization of FISA courts, which function as secret tribunals that approve nearly all requests by intelligence agencies for wiretapping, giving a veneer of legality to unconstitutional government spying.
In March, Attorney General Eric Holder announced guidelines to permit intelligence officials to use the vast stores of data that have been accumulated by the government for up to five years after the data has been collected—increasing the limit from 180 days under Bush. The Electronic Privacy Information Center commented at the time, “The change represents a dramatic expansion of government surveillance and appears to violate the Privacy Act of 1974.”
The Obama administration is also reportedly constructing a new secret facility in Utah, due to become operational in September 2013, to store the data that are being accumulated.
The Washington Post's report on the intensified drive to expand the government's wiretapping comes in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings, which are being used as the pretext for the implementation of police state measures, including the lockdown of Boston following the blasts.
The bombings have prompted calls for the expansion of government surveillance, including from Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who said Sunday that “information sharing failed” in the US intelligence system, concluding that “We need to revisit our laws,” on domestic surveillance.
While enacted under the framework of the “war on terror,” the basic target of these actions is the American people and domestic opposition to the policies of the ruling class. It is part of a systematic dismantling of democratic principles, with the government asserting the right to imprison and even assassinate US citizens without due process.
Fearing the social upheavals that will inevitably come from the growth of social inequality, the ruling class is turning to increasingly repressive and dictatorial forms of rule.
The CrossFit Games has made an altogether unsurprising move to cement their reputation as being sexist. Though they've upped the ante by throwing in a healthy dose of transphobia. As a CrossFitter, a CrossFit Trainer and the owner of a CrossFit affiliate, I wish I could say I was surprised. As a woman, and the mother of three girls, and a human being, I wish I could say I was surprised.
But I'm not, I'm just fed up.
For those not following along, the CrossFit Games has said that Chloie Jonsson cannot compete in the Games because she was born a man.
I was okay with them being confused. Lots of people are confused. I am not okay with that last sentence, in which they were nothing but a bully. That degree of snark is just uncalled for, not to mention inaccurate. They showed themselves to be precisely the ignorant bigot they claim not to be.
So now I'm looking for a way that those of us who live and love this sport can stand up against the bigotry and incessant douchebaggery. Because my gym, which is both my family and my home, is not represented by this behavior. And my members, who are all manner of queer and open-hearted, deserve better than having to fight off the bad reputation that the behavior of CrossFit HQ and the CrossFit Games gives us. We're here to build bodies and communities, we don't have time to constantly defend and justify our sport.
That said, I'm also damned good at PR. It's what I did before I left it all for the world of matrimony, motherhood and CrossFit. So, CrossFit, it's my turn to train you. There are no MODs for this. Here's how you fix the mess that you've made.
1. Admit that you made a mistake.
Look, we all fuck up. I say and do things all the time that I have to either apologize for or explain. So let's call this a mistake. Let's even give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that it was made because you really didn't understand what it means to be transgender, much less the complicated biology of it.
But you have to own it. You can do that with both strength and grace in a way that saves face and creates change. Here, I'll do it for you.
“CrossFit Community, we heard you. Not only that, we heard ourselves. And we didn't like what we heard because we disrespected our athletes and our affiliates. We represented ourselves as the type of people we don't want to be.
Our response was a knee-jerk reaction, and we used words that we shouldn't have used. It was also based in a fundamental misunderstanding of the impact of hormones and sexual reassignment surgery on the athletic performance of the human body.
Since those statements were made, we have reached out to experts and to the community and have learned things that we wish we knew at the time. Fortunately, though we can't change the past, we can change the future.”
2. Tell us what you learned.
Yes, the many issues associated with being transgendered, and intersexed (though we've not crossed that bridge yet, you'd best prepare for it now) are complicated. But here's a quickie lesson for you.
Although we like to think that our gender is decided by the simple presence of either a penis and testes, or a vagina and ovaries, it is much more complicated than that. Much more.
Gender isn't a binary. It is nice when our genitals and our perceived gender match-up. Roughly 1 in 1000 babies is born with some combination of genitals and chromosomes that don't fit in the gender binary. That's more babies than have Down's Syndrome. But it's not always apparent.
The outward manifestations of gender that we think of, things like muscles, strength, aggression, body hair, and athleticism, are actually a complicated stew of chromosomes steeped in hormones. It's not just estrogen and testosterone. Not by a long shot. Last time I checked there were about 48 known factors – chromosomes and hormones – that dictate things like muscles, strength, aggression, body hair, athleticism and the like.
Not a binary.
I am willing to bet that if we mapped the hormones and chromosomes of seriously athletic men and women and compared them to those of men and women who show no interest or skill in sports, you'd see a whole host of similar factors that make them “how” they are. I have long said that I have more testosterone than your “average” woman. And many men.
Anyway, you need to let people know that you actually learned something. So here, here are some words that you can use:
“Like many people in our society today, we thought men and women existed on a binary, and it was safe to assume that if someone had a penis, they were male. If anything good has so far come of our mistake, it's that we learned how wrong we were.
We have always loved and been amazed by the human body, now we are even more amazed. We understand that no one is defined by their genitals, that it is a complex combination of hormones, chromosomes and conditioning that make us who we are.
Where Chloie in specific is concerned, we learned that her lifelong struggle to become the woman she is been extraordinarily difficult, and made more so by people who didn't understand it. We also learned that the grueling gauntlet of medical interventions that she has endured confer no benefit to her. Her hormones are those of a woman, her body is that of a woman, because she is a woman. “
3. Let Chloie compete.
This is easy. Look, she has no advantage. She no longer has the testes that produce testosterone (though I am loathe to have to discuss this with you because it should not be anyone's business!) Further, she takes lots of female hormones in order to finally live as the woman she is. If I were feeling snarkier, I would suggest that you cut off your own nuts and shoot estrogen in your ice-water filled veins and tell me what a great advantage you have, but I am (or at least was) trying to be nice.
Amongst other things, all the estrogen that she has been taking for years has changed how her muscles build and respond, for better or worse, they are women's muscles now.
She has no advantage. So, here's how you back your way out of this mess:
“Our initial decision was based on our misunderstanding of the complicated biology that is at play. It was the wrong decision. Chloie will be allowed to compete. And we hope that makes clear that CrossFit is for every body.”
4. Support inclusiveness and anti-bullying programs.
I'll be honest, you guys have a shitty reputation. As an affiliate and a trainer, I spend a lot of time explaining to people that “we're not like that.” You are, simply put, my biggest obstacle to growth and success. By become increasingly like the WWF, and creating content that is consistently misogynistic and, for lack of a better word, douchey, you have created a situation in which I basically have to distance myself from your brand in order to succeed as a CrossFit gym. (Seriously, I actually do that on our Web site.)
Walk into any box. Please. Come to my box. Look at my members. You will see people from 15 to 75 working out. You will see every nationality and religion you can think of. You will see gay families, straight families, queer as hell families. And you will see what it means to be a community.
You need to represent US. All of us. You need to be the kind of brand we can be proud to align ourselves with. And you aren't. So, at least try. Okay?
“We realize that we have not always behaved in a way that made our athletes and affiliates feel appreciated. It doesn't matter that it wasn't our intent, but we do want you to know that it wasn't. We suffered from our own small perspective, and in order to combat that, we've created an advisory panel focused on gender and sexual orientation inclusiveness. Their job will be to look for opportunities – whether it's anti-bullying programs or CrossQueer classes, we don't know – to use the strength of our athletes to strengthen the bodies and community that will bring us all together for a stronger future.”
There ya go.
This was really quick, so I apologize if it is sloppy. I have been at the gym since 4:30 in the morning, coaching class after class of 14.2 – and apologizing for my sport in between classes.
I love CrossFit. I have pretty much dedicated my life and my family to it. But you guys are really fucking up. Bad.
If these words work for you, go ahead and use them. I won't even charge you the $250 an hour fee that I would charge most corporate clients. Because I believe in being decent more than I believe in money. You might want to think about that.
Of course, if you need more help, I'm always here for you.
It would be really nice if you were there for your athletes and affiliates. All of them.
This essay originally appeared on Royse's blog.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016
Yet another #Trumpertantrum... @realDonaldTrump very angry w/the people of Iowa. They actually looked at his record. https://t.co/S85mxlhLK1 — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) February 3, 2016
Bernie is contesting #IA results. Maybe Donald should go back to IA & join the Ds. Bet they'd love #TrumpCare https://t.co/uTdU9Uv9sL — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) February 3, 2016
FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTSWASHINGTON — Donald Trump accused Republican rival Ted Cruz on Wednesday of “stealing” the billionaire's victory in the Iowa caucuses.Trump said the Texas senator won by spreading lies about Trump's stance on Obamacare and circulating rumors that Ben Carson had dropped out of the presidential race.Cruz finished first with 27.6 percent of the vote Monday, followed by Trump with 24.3 percent and Sen. Marco Rubio with 23.1 percent. A Des Moines Register poll released Saturday had shown Trump with a lead of 5 percentage points.“Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified,” Trump tweeted Wednesday.“Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated,” he wrote.Cruz shot back with his fiercest attack yet on the man who has dominated opinion polls in New Hampshire, suggesting the reality star doesn't like the reality of losing. He's having a “Trumper-tantrum,” Cruz told reporters. “He's losing it.”Cruz also compared Trump to Bernie Sanders, who is considering contesting the Democratic Iowa caucus results that put him just 0.2 percent behind Hillary Clinton.The inflammatory accusation marked a reversal for Trump, who on Monday night delivered a concession speech thanking Iowans for his second-place finish and congratulating Cruz. On Tuesday night in New Hampshire, he told reporters he was “very happy with what happened in Iowa.”But by Wednesday, Trump was laying out a list of accusations. He pointed to a mailer sent by the Cruz campaign headlined “voting violation” and resembling an official notice. The mailer showed recipients their history of voting or not in past caucuses, along with the turnout record of their neighbors, and drew complaints from Iowa's secretary of state.Asked whether the campaign planned to file a formal complaint, Trump said: “Wait and see.” Officials from the Iowa Republican Party did not respond immediately to questions about their process for handling complaints like Trump's.But Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was pointed on the matter Wednesday.“What Senator Cruz did to Ben Carson was a disgrace and an insult to Dr. Carson and the process,” he said. “What Senator Cruz did to the voters of Iowa was also a disgrace in regard to their phony voter violation form. Additionally, they misrepresented Mr. Trump and unfortunately, this happens all the time with crooked politicians.”Carson wasn't letting the matter rest, either. In a briefing at the National Press Club on Wednesday, he criticized Cruz for allowing his staff to imply during the Iowa caucuses that the doctor was suspending his campaign.Carson suggested that the Cruz campaign's tactics had cost him votes and urged voters to judge candidates by “not what I say but what I do.”“It's clear that there were people who tried to take advantage of a situation,” Carson said.Carson's announcement Monday night that he was returning to Florida was taken by many as a sign that Carson would end his presidential bid. When Carson clarified he was still running, Cruz said his campaign failed to send out an update to staff, but no one would be punished. Trump called both incidents fraud.Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler told CNN on Wednesday that Cruz apologized personally to Carson for the mistake. He said the Cruz team “as a campaign” never alleged Carson was dropping out.“It may be that some of the surrogates or some of our caucus precinct captains … went too far,” Tyler told CNN. If so, he added, “that was in error, that was wrong.”Cruz has tried to paint Trump as a liberal masquerading as a conservative, because he previously called himself “pro-choice” on all aspects related to abortion, and he advocates universal health care. Trump says he would negotiate with hospitals and doctors to cover the uninsured.Trump has a strong lead over Cruz going into Tuesday's primary in New Hampshire, the second state to vote for president.The Associated Press,staff writer Christine Ayala,staff writer Elizabeth Koh
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Sep. 20, 2017, 12:27 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By A. Pawlowski
Having trouble losing weight? Take a break from your diet — it may help you shed more pounds and keep them off in the long term, new research has found.
People who dieted for two weeks, then paused cutting calories for two weeks — and repeated that pattern — lost more weight and fat than people who dieted continuously, according to a study published this week in the International Journal of Obesity.
The intermittent approach may fix what's always been a frustrating Catch-22 for dieters: To lose weight, you need to eat less, but when you eat less, your body responds by increasing appetite and burning fewer calories when you rest, hindering weight loss. It's a protective measure designed to conserve energy when your body thinks times are tough and you don't have enough food to eat. Think of it as a "famine reaction," said study coauthor Nuala Byrne, head of the School of Health Sciences at the University of Tasmania.
"Our body senses the change in energy intake... and brings out the artillery to defend our energy stores," Byrne told TODAY.
"This doesn't mean we can't be successful in long-term weight loss, we just need to have a better understanding of how the body works."
Hitting the pause button on your diet seems to reverse your body's protective response.
For the study, Australian researchers asked 51 obese men to follow one of two eating regimens. One group continuously followed a diet that cut daily calories by one-third for 16 weeks. The men in the second group ate the same diet for two weeks, but then took a break from it for two weeks. They repeated that pattern eight times.
The results? The men who took the breaks lost about 50 percent more weight than the others. They also shed more fat. Six months after the experiment, both groups regained some of the weight, but the men who took the diet breaks were still almost 18 pounds lighter on average than those who had dieted continuously.
A dieting 'rest period'
So what's going on here? The diet “rest periods” may convince your body you're not starving after all, so there's no need to burn fewer calories or otherwise resort to the "famine reaction." Everything balances out.
If you want to try this plan, first figure out how many calories you need to eat to keep your weight stable, Byrne said. Then reduce that number by one-third, ensuring your diet is still nutritionally balanced, and stick to that limit for two weeks. Next: take a two-week break by increasing your calories back to the original number — minus 100 calories or so to account for your weight loss, Byrne advised. Then go back to dieting and repeat.
There a few important things to keep in mind. First, when it came time to take a diet break, the men in the second group didn't go on a two-week all-you-can-eat extravaganza. They ate the amount of calories designed to maintain their weight.
Second, not just any random “on-off” periods may do: The two-week intervals seem to be ideal based on previous studies on starvation, the study points out. A "cheat day" may undo the balance phase, Byrne said.
Finally, intermittent dieting is not the same as intermittent fasting, the researchers note. Intermittent dieting “creates distinct periods of weight loss and maintenance,” while intermittent fasting — when you alternate days of severe food restriction with days of eating whatever you desire — works differently.
Follow A. Pawlowski on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
For a guy who is trying desperately to run as an outsider who wants to fix a corrupt system, Trump gives off the aura of a born and bred member of the the Establishment who uses his money to buy influence. Back when he was a liberal Democrat, that would be about a year ago, he contributed heavily to liberal causes and progressive politicians.
Now Erick Erickson, writing at The Resurgent (if you don't read it daily you are really missing it), reports that Trump was a major contributor to John Boehner, Mitch McConnell, and the Establishment PACs that were working to crush Matt Bevin in Kentucky, Chris McDaniel in Mississippi, Milton Wolf in Kansas and others:
In 2013, the tea party rallied to Matt Bevin against Donald Trump. RedState and tea party groups around the country swung into action in an ultimately unsuccessful bid to get Matt Bevin through the primary against Mitch McConnell. We were completely out-funded by establishment interests and Washington lobbyists. It turns out, one of those establishment interests was Donald J. Trump. In 2013, Donald Trump gave $220,000.00 to organizations, many of them dedicated to stamping out the Tea Party. From Karl Rove's American Crossroads to Mitch McConnell's Super PAC, Trump spread out money. Rove got $50,000.00 and McConnell got $60,000.00. Trump also wrote a check to McConnell's campaign directly for $5,200.00. What's more, Trump also gave $100,000.00 to the Congressional Leadership Fund, a Republican Establishment PAC that was created to crush conservatives at the behest of John Boehner.
When you look at who is lining up to support Trump and his business practices it is obvious that Trump is the quintessential Establishment insider gulling the credulous into voting for him because he says he is an outsider.
“The Children of the Night takes off where The Formulas of Death ended,” says Tribulation guitarist Adam Zaars. “And if the latter was dark the former is pitch black, though the album ranges from murky forests to the brightest city lights. It is a celebration of the divine spirit and our ability to tread liminal space and the changes that inevitably come with that, a hopefully subversive piece of art. The album takes Tribulation's path towards the unknown even further and we are treading in uncharted territory… join us!”
Indeed, if you haven't joined Tribulation yet now is the time. In their former lives, they were a creative, if unrelenting death metal act. In their current lives, they are boundless shape-shifters in the depths of death and black metal. They are between spaces. They are death meta. If that statement made you cringe, listen to new song, “In The Dreams Of The Dead”, and tell us otherwise; prove to us Tribulation aren't on a different wavelength than their nearest peer.
Like torches burning in the night, our semi-black hearts are warmed to present the world fucking premiere of “In The Dreams Of The Dead” off new album The Children of the Night.
** Tribulation's new album, Children of the Night, is out April 14th on Century Media Records. Pre-order configurations are available HERE. There's also a limited (1,000 copies) LP+CD box HERE.
The Department for Education has revealed that the number of primary school children being suspended for racist behaviour has risen by a third in the past few years, from 430 incidents in 2014-15 compared with 320 in 2009-10.
This is not a case of “political correctness gone mad”; children as young as six are not being routinely suspended for just poor choice of language. The issue is more widespread than individual schools and speaks volumes about a society where young children mimic racial abuse. Such an increase should come as no surprise, given the nature of the Tory-led government's increasingly racist social policy.
There are undoubtedly a variety of reasons for the increase in reported racial incidents in schools. A spokeswoman for the DfE explained that the figures showed an increase in reporting, “not necessarily that there had been more incidents”. Due to the Prevention agenda, schools are now sites of surveillance where teachers are expected to report signs of “nonviolent extremism”. In the age of hyper-vigilance it is certainly possible that teachers are being more sensitive in their reporting.
Schools could, maybe even should, offer a corrective to the corrosive social attitudes that children bring in
It is also easy to lay blame at the door of parents for their children's poor behaviour and tie these figures into the wider problem of abuse that teachers face in schools. However, the sociologist C Wright Mills warned against seeing public issues of society as personal troubles of individuals. If we take the figures at face value then a large increase in racist abuse in primary schools is a symptom of a wider societal problem. And even adults have to get their cues from somewhere. When the “fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists” of Ukip have become mainstream and Nigel Farage is deemed as some kind of lovable rogue, then the well has truly been poisoned.
The young child spouting racist abuse is drawing from the toxic environment towards immigrants that the Tories have contributed to since coming to power. Theresa May, the one constant since 2010, presided over a Home Office that thought it appropriate to send vans round the capital telling illegal immigrants to “go home”. The vans were just the visible expression of her anti-immigration policy which included refusing entry to parents for their child's funeral; illegally deporting almost 50,000 foreign students; and leaving people to drown in the Mediterranean as a deterrent to anyone thinking of migrating to Europe.
The vote for Brexit demonstrated the depth of anti-immigrant feeling in Britain, as did the sharp rise in racial attacks following the referendum. But the truth is that Brexit and its aftermath were just the crest of a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment that the Conservatives have been riding since 2010. One of the main reasons that a referendum on Brexit was offered by the Tories before the last election, was to play to the concerns of the electorate about immigration. David Cameron badly miscalculated when he assumed that people would not “vote themselves poorer because they don't like the Poles living next door”. But as the saying goes, you reap what you sow. You cannot spend years stoking the flames of anti-immigrant feeling and then complain when they set you alight. The Tories are complicit in creating an environment where racist abuse is flourishing.
Rise in primary school pupils suspended for racist abuse Read more
Schools could, maybe even should, offer a corrective to the corrosive social attitudes that children bring in with them. But the fragmentation of the system makes this more difficult to deliver. On top of this, the government's response is to “promote British values”, completely ignoring that this very notion is part of the problem. The logic goes that in order to protect these “British” values, which supposedly keep the nation together, we need to pull up the drawbridge to prevent society being polluted by alien ideas. Notions of Britain as a benevolent force for good in the less advanced parts of the world were central to the British empire. Unsurprisingly, recycling ideas of colonial supremacy, in the form of “British values”, does little to reduce racist incidents in schools.
When the government feeds off anti-immigrant sentiment it is sadly no wonder that young children are increasingly bringing racism into the classroom. We would be wrong to think that this problem can be solved at a school or individual level. Children act as a mirror for the environment they grow up in, and the challenge is to build a society we are happy for them to reflect.
We are pleased to announce our annual State of the Commons report, which celebrates our global community of artists, archivists, and advocates working to further collaboration, creativity, and access to research and cultural heritage.
Today marks another milestone for the commons: the release of the 2016 State of the Commons, our annual deep dive and celebration of the global community working to further collaboration, creativity, and access to creativity and knowledge.
This year's report goes beyond data and metrics to focus on the people that power the commons in every region of the world. These stories illustrate how our movement is growing and evolving, driven by people who choose to share. The commons continue to grow, with the total number of CC licensed works now at 1.2 billion in 2016, including the increased use of licenses that invite remix, commercial use, and collaboration – up to 65% of all content shared this year.
TL;DR: 2016 was our biggest year yet. From incredible sharing of 375,000 public domains works with the Metropolitan Museum of Art to our massive Global Summit, we're seeing CC communities organize around renewed focus on movement building, free culture, policy reform, sharing, and global collaboration powered by gratitude.
The commons are the largest collection of free and open knowledge in the world. In order to bring you this report, we've partnered with a handful of the hundreds of platforms that provide CC licensing to bring you more data and user spotlights in a new and attractive format.
In October, we issued a Call for Submissions that asked our community to report on their favorite projects from the commons this year. These impact stories were beyond what we could have imagined: we heard stories of portals that use open data to predict and plan for earthquakes in New Zealand, a citizen-led civic data portal in El Salvador, a series of medical photographs that surfaces the untold struggle for independence against Portuguese colonial rule, and the “world's most beautiful slideshow” of historic monuments submitted by over 10,000 Wikipedians. These examples, only a few of the many, tell the vibrant and life-altering stories of the people behind the commons.
Highlights from our partners include the Freeharmonic Orchestra, a group of 12 musicians who met in a virtual room on the Free Music Archive to produce the most collaborative album ever. From our friends at Flickr come the Multimedia Commons Initiative, where teams of researchers around the world utilize the epic 100 million image datasets to build new applications and explore people's interaction with places.
With the CC0 public domain dedication tool, we're actively stewarding and helping grow the public domain, with 92.9 million public domain works to date. CC0 has served a diversity of purposes, this year most notably supporting the release of 375,000 digital works into the commons from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. CC0 has also supported photographers on emerging platforms such as Unsplash, which now hosts a robust community of photographers “giving their work away for free” and gaining exposure and acclaim in the process.
These stories also echo the work we've been doing in areas like 3D printing, usability, and global community building. A spotlight on the British Museum, which released 128 models of sculptures from the Roman and Egyptian periods on the 3D design sharing platform Sketchfab and a tale of remix and community among the more than 1.5 million CC licensed objects on Thingiverse is proof that our community is front and center, and it's working together better than ever.
Lastly, the report itself was translated by 30 volunteers into a dozen languages as part of our efforts to make our community more accessible to international communities.
Like everything else, we truly couldn't have done it without you. Thank you so much for your support in 2016 and beyond. Read, excerpt, share, and tweet the report at http://stateof.creativecommons.org with the hashtag #sotc.
As a registered but less-than-loyal Democrat, I long scoffed at the long-held notion that the news media have a left-leaning, anti-Republican bias.
I didn't believe it, primarily because I chose not to believe it. Plus, the media confirmed for me that mine was the noble side. Heck, there was no other side.
But I now know — and have for some time — that I was pulling my own leg. The notion of such a bias is not merely a notion; it's true.
Our news media, especially as seen and heard during nationally broadcasted news, engages in highly selective story-choosing, story-telling and subsequent indignations and outrages that are first weighed on political scales.
Early this month a spectacular story was given tiny attention, and none, as far as I watched, on nightly national newscasts.
In December 2010, David Plouffe, soon to be reappointed a senior adviser to President Obama, gave two speeches in the desperately poor country of Nigeria.
Speeches for which he was paid a total of $100,000.
Holy moly! What did he have to say in Nigeria that was worth 100 grand? He must have revealed the cure for a country ranked 158th among 177 in economic development, a country in which an estimated 70% of humanity live — barely, and not for long — in severe poverty and in the mortally unhealthy conditions that accompany nothingness.
But, no, that wasn't it.
Plouffe was invited and paid by MTN, Africa's largest wireless-phone operator — and a company that does business with nuclear weapons-headed, radical-Islamized Iran.
Oh, so he must be a telecommunications wizard, a guy whose take on tech is well worth, oh, $50,000 an hour, even in Nigeria.
But no, that wasn't it, either.
So, why was Plouffe paid $100,000? What could he share with MTN and Nigeria? Shoot, for 100 grand MTN could have landed KC and the Sunshine Band!
According to MTN, Plouffe was in demand “because of his expertise and knowledge of the US political scene.”
Whoa!
A penny for your thoughts? For 100 grand, this fella should have been registered as a foreign agent, or at least as a reverse lobbyist for a large international business.
A few months later, Plouffe rejoined the Obama administration as a top adviser.
But MTN wasn't Plouffe's only questionable off-season client. In 2009, during his first break from being an Obama adviser — Plouffe managed Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign — Plouffe accepted $50,000 to speak to a group in Islamic, oil-rich Azerbaijan.
Turns out this group was connected to Azerbaijan's occasionally democratic, occasionally despotic and often corrupt government.
When human-rights organizations protested Plouffe's acceptance of such big dough from such a connected group — as if a senior White House advisor had no idea with whom he was dealing and knew nothing about the country in which he was speaking — Plouffe donated his fee to the purportedly nonpartisan National Democratic Institute.
So, Plouffe floats in and out, in and out: In as a top advisor in the Obama administration White House, out to give big-ticket speeches carrying insights on dealing with US politics and governance to dubious audiences in faraway places. And he's now back in again.
Incredible stuff.
Yet, nine days ago, White House spokesperson Eric Schultz insisted that any attempt to suggest that Plouffe is not on the up-and-up or that there are any strings attached to the man is “simply misplaced.”
Really?
But that's plenty good enough for the vast majority of the news and political media, as this Plouffe story never generated the attention it deserved — and still deserves. It was dead on arrival.
Now, imagine if a senior advisor in the last Bush administration — either Bush administration — had done as Plouffe has. Imagine if a top, inside Bush operative and persuader had such a résumé, eager for personal foreign business enrichments in exchange for “his expertise and knowledge of the US political scene.”
Woo, boy, fireworks! All over the nightly news! For weeks! Forever! And for good reason!
Nearly everyone, as opposed to just a few, would be familiar with the name David Plouffe — surely the caper would have been branded “Plouffegate” — and Plouffe would be forced to resign.
Take it from a registered Democrat no longer in denial: Fireworks!
And while the Plouffe story was mostly being ignored, Mitt Romney was in Israel, where he had the audacity to note, with gentle yet indisputable accuracy, the “cultural” achievement in that country compared to the rest of that part of the world.
Now that caused fireworks.
TV news and political reporters not only characterized Romney's truth-telling as “a gaffe” — hard evidence that the GOP presidential candidate speaks first and thinks later — they gathered before him, offering him — shouting to him — an opportunity to “apologize.”
It was the late Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart, stuck to describe pornography, who famously said, “I know it when I see it.”
Similar goes for news media bias in this uninspected, widely ignored Plouffe intrigue: I know it when I don't see it.
(CNN) A British woman murdered in a suspected "honor killing" incident in Pakistan was raped before her death, Pakistani police say.
And a local policeman who first investigated the 28-year-old's death has been arrested on suspicion of suppressing evidence from witnesses and allowing key suspects to flee the country, Abubakar Khuda Bux, deputy inspector general of Lahore police told CNN.
Samia Shahid, from Bradford, England, was visiting family in the Jhelum district in Pakistan's northern Punjab province in July when she was killed.
Her relatives initially told local police she had a heart attack, but a post-mortem showed she had been strangled, Punjab police spokeswoman Nabeela Ghazanfar told CNN.
Haq Nawaz, Shahid's uncle, has been taken into police custody in Jhelum for trying to cover up how his niece was killed. Ghazanfar told CNN he tried to mislead police by telling them the murdered beautician had died of natural causes.
Shahid's former husband, Chaudhry Muhammad Shakeel, was held on suspicion of murder, and confessed last month to having strangled her to death with her scarf, Ghazanfar said. Shakeel was also Shahid's first cousin.
The dead woman's father, Chaudhary Shahid, has also been remanded on suspicion of having been an accessory to her murder, Ghazanfar said.
He is accused of having lured his daughter to Pakistan under false pretenses when she was murdered. Ghazanfar told CNN that both men will be prosecuted for the Briton's murder at a court hearing next week.
Widower: 'I want justice'
Shahid's second husband, Syed Mukhtar Kazam, told CNN he believed his wife was killed in a so-called honor killing, because her family disapproved of their marriage.
Slain Briton Samia Shahid and her second husband, Syed Mukhtar Kazam.
He said his late wife's father had summoned her to Pakistan from Dubai, where the couple had been living for 16 months, by claiming to have been seriously unwell.
He said he believed his late wife's immediate family were aware of the plan to murder her.
"I'm devastated," he said, "I want justice for Samia. Women have their own rights and own will. They are not prisoners. Killing a daughter is not the solution."
The slain woman's mother and sister are believed to have left Pakistan and are wanted by police for questioning, Bux said.
Samia Shahid and her second husband, Syed Mukhtar Kazam, had lived in Dubai for 16 months before her death.
British lawmaker Naz Shah, who was Shahid's local member of parliament, wrote to the Pakistani government in July asking for help to bring the perpetrators to justice.
On hearing that Shahid had been raped before being murdered, she told CNN: "This just adds to the depth of this crime and the levels of evilness. I'm pleased to hear the inspector in charge of the local police station has been arrested for allowing Samia's mother and sister to abscond."
In an appearance on CNBC's “Squawk on the Street” on Friday, National Economic Council director Gary Cohn seemed to downplay any turmoil between him and President Donald Trump when asked about his future in the White House.
Co-host David Faber asked Cohn about his interview with the Financial Times, which Cohn on the record seemed to be critical of Trump for his response to last month's events in Charlottesville, VA and how that has affected his relationship with the president, which had suffered according to The Washington Post.
Cohn steered away from those remarks, only saying he had “great relationship” with Trump.
“I have a great relationship with the president,” Cohn said. “We're working well together. We spent an enormous amount of time this week working on taxes. We were out in Missouri talking about taxes. We spent time talking about taxes. We'll be out next week traveling and talking about taxes. He and I are spending time working together on all of the big economic issues that are going to drive economic growth and drive wages in this country. That's what he cares about that's what I care about.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
It's a common case that you would need to run hybrid infrastructure: your own datacenter with some services in a public cloud. At Deep.BI we have built our private cloud on rented servers and we also use some external clouds like AWS or Azure.
In this post we will describe how to connect a Druid cluster hosted in your private datacenter with Amazon cloud Hadoop called EMR ( Elastic Map Reduce) to run Hadoop Indexing Jobs, which solves the Kafka Indexing Service "not merging segments" problem.
First we modified security groups and accepted our Druid Middlemanagers. There was no problem with HDFS access as our HDFS client (snakebite) connects to a webHDFS service which listens on port:8020 . Unfortunately while trying to access EMR with a public DNS, we encounter the same java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused error .
The message for us was clear: we need to have direct access to the EMR cluster using local EMR cluster hostnames. We configured the ec2-to-emr router and used a VPN to access EMR.
Finally, our middle managers were able to connect to the EMR cluster using its local IP. Unfortunately, we still encountered the same java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused error. The point was that the Hadoop client was selecting our interfaces randomly from [all_traffic:eth0, VPN:tun0] to communicate with the cluster. We tried to "convince" it to use tun0 interface and it was a partial success: no Connection refused error anymore, but a new error was presented: unknown tun0 interface. EMR passed our Hadoop option to its own cluster, which didn't have, nor was supposed to have, any idea about our tun0 interface.
A couple of days a week without drinking? Shouldn't be hard… Should it?
It is the time of the Janupause, the annual month without alcohol, in which the state of blissful co-dependency that exists between my wife and me is turned inside out. Instead of racing each other to the bottom of a bottle of white wine, we are playing mind games under the guise of being mutually supportive.
"I really don't miss it," my wife says, squeezing a lime into another glass of fizzy water.
"I don't either," I say. "I'm not finding it difficult at all."
"It's just boring," she says. So ends Day 1.
On Day 3, I read somewhere that an annual month-long detox is largely pointless and potentially harmful, especially if it encourages you to drink more the rest of the year.
"Apparently it's better to have two or three alcohol-free days a week, for ever," I tell my wife.
"I think I might prefer that," she says, finishing off the last of the ginger beer. "Let's do that instead."
"OK," I say, "but I haven't given up on giving up yet. I'm not finding it that difficult."
"No," my wife says. "Nor am I."
On Day 5 I have a 6pm meeting scheduled to take place, by prior arrangement, in a geographically convenient pub. I am nervous about it, for several reasons. "Just to warn you," I tell my wife, "I may have to drink at this thing."
"Oh," she says. "How weak."
"I haven't actually decided yet," I say.
One of the two people I meet at the pub orders a lime and soda, because she, too, isn't drinking for the month of January. I calculate that a pint of Guinness can't do me any harm, except in so far as its consumption will lead directly to the notion that another pint of Guinness can't do me any harm either. In the end I have both of them.
"How did it go?" my wife asks on my return. "Did you drink? You did, didn't you?"
"Look," I say, pulling a bottle of wine from a bag. "I bought you this."
As I'm pouring out two glasses, the oldest one walks into the kitchen.
"Not even a week," he says. "Pathetic."
"We are drinking," I say, "in accordance with the most up-to-date medical advice."
"This is actually better for us," my wife says.
"Cheers," I say.
The next day we are both feeling fuzzy and out of sorts. Before lunch we take the dogs for a walk.
"So we do Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday…?" my wife says. "Every week?"
"At least," I say. "We could easily do Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday."
"Or Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday," she says.
"No," I say, "Friday we get wasted."
"What is that noise?" she says, looking up. I follow her eyes and listen, until I hear it, too.
"It's a woodpecker," I say, "but it sounds weird."
"Where's the tree?" she says. We walk towards the noise, until we are at the edge of the park, looking over the wall toward the railway line.
"There!" she says, pointing.
I see a tiny woodpecker perched near the top of a huge mobile phone mast. After a moment it drums its beak into the side of the pole with a sharp metallic report.
"Ow," I say, flinching.
The bird flies to a different part of the mast, higher up, and drills again. It sounds like the rapid-fire ring of a cracked bell.
"Why would you do that?" my wife says. "Just punish yourself over and over again for no reason?"
"Dunno," I say. "It must be a metaphor for something."
We wait in silence for the woodpecker to peck some more.
"Do we have any beer?" my wife asks. "We might need to stop and get some beer."
For years, researchers have touted graphene as the magic material for the next generation of high-speed electronics, but so far it hasn't proved practical. Now a new way of making nanoscale strips of carbon–the building block of graphene–could kick-start a shift toward superfast graphene components.
Graphene strips: The zigzag-shaped graphene nanoribbons in this image are a nanometer wide, 50 nanometers long.
The new method, which involves building from the molecular scale up, comes from researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Polymer Research in Germany and Empa in Switzerland. With atomic-level precision, the researchers made graphene nanoribbons about a nanometer wide.
The molecule-thick carbon material called graphene outperforms silicon, which is currently used in electronic components, in every way. It conducts electricity better than silicon, it bends more easily, and it's thinner. Using graphene instead of silicon could lead to faster, thinner, more powerful electronic devices. However, unless graphene sheets are less than 10 nanometers wide and have clean edges, they lack the electronic properties needed before manufacturers can use them for devices like transistors, switches, and diodes–key components in circuitry.
The Swiss team fabricated these skinny graphene strips by triggering molecular-scale chemical reactions on sheets of heated gold. This let the team precisely control the width of the nanoribbons and the shape of their edge. Molecules were arranged into long fibers on the gold surface. When that surface was heated, adjacent strings linked and fused to form ribbon structures about one nanometer across, with a uniform zigzag edge.
“The beauty of that is that it can be done with atomic precision,” says Roman Fasel, the corresponding author on the study. “It's not cutting, it's assembling.”
Other ways of making nanoribbons involve peeling strips of graphene from a larger sheet, etching them with lithography, or unzipping cylinder-shaped carbon nanotubes. But such nanoribbons are thicker and have random edges.
“In nanoribbons, he who controls the edges wins,” says James Tour, a graphene expert at Rice University, who was not involved with the work. “There is no way yet to take a big sheet of graphene and chop it up with this level of control.”
“This type of nanoribbon would enrich and open up new possibilities for graphene electronics,” says Yu-Ming Lin, a researcher working on graphene-based transistors at the IBM T. J. Watson Research Center in New York.
Graphene nanoribbons are still a long way from practical application, says Tour. “The next step is to make a handful of devices. That's not hard to do the big step is to orient it en masse.”
But the success of Fasel and his team's chemical method, Tour says, will encourage more research into fine-tuning the steps so that nanoribbons of this quality can be produced on a large scale. For instance, researchers can now experiment with the finer edge structure and electronic effects of the new nanoribbons, testing theories that, to date, they could only simulate on computers.
“It points the direction rather than being a final result,” says Walter de Heer, a researcher at the Georgia Institute of Technology who has developed a way to grow graphene on silicon chips. “It's a first step in a long chain of steps that will lead to graphene electronics.”
The prime suspect for the Berlin massacre was under covert surveillance for months as a possible terrorist threat until police let him slip through their grasp earlier this month.
Anis Amri, 24, a Tunisian asylum seeker who arrived in Germany last year, was investigated for “preparing a serious crime endangering national safety”, involving funding the purchase of automatic weapons for use in a terrorist attack.
Amri had been arrested earlier this year and was known to be a supporter of the terrorist group thought to be behind the Sousse terrorist attack in Tunisia, as well as being a suspected disciple of a notorious hate preacher.
He had multiple identity documents with six different aliases under three nationalities, and a criminal record in Italy and Tunisia. He spent four years in an Italian prison before travelling to Germany after an expulsion order expired.
The German authorities, who were on Wednesday facing serious questions about how Amri was still at large, tried to deport him in June, but because he had no valid papers proving his nationality he was allowed to stay.
In a further twist, Germany had asked Tunisia to issue a new passport for him so he could be deported, but the document only arrived on Wednesday – two days after the Christmas market attack that claimed 12 lives. It also emerged that the killer might have received hospital treatment for his injuries before slipping away.
In the very corner of his right eye, Robin Dutt might have just made out a Leverkusen supporter's banner urging him kindly to "Piss Off". But the 45-year-old cut a content, unperturbed figure in front of the TV reporter's microphone at the final whistle. "I have to compliment the team today," Dutt said, smiling benignly. "They fought all the way to the end, they didn't give up, their body language was good and they weren't going to get slaughtered." It was the very sort of thing happy managers say when their teams have just battled back from 3-0 down to a thrilling draw or to an unfortunate, narrow loss. There was just a tiny snag. Bayer had just lost 3-0 in the Allianz Arena and done nothing of the sort.
"There is no need for everyone to soil their pants," Bremen's sporting director Klaus Allofs had warned the league in light of Bayern's dominance before the game. Leverkusen did not quite heed the advice: the performance from last year's runners-up instantly brought to mind (the former 04 sporting directors) Reiner Callmund's quip about "wearing Pampers on the pitch".
Will this Bundesliga season actually start before it's too late? This was supposed to be the game when the league leaders were finally tested properly. And they were, for five minutes. Once Thomas Müller had scored a classic Gerd Müller goal, a determined toe-poke following some splendid work from the rejuvenated Franck Ribéry, it was all over. Daniel van Buyten made it 2-0 with a free-kick straight through a creaky wall (19) which even seemed to do the visitors a favour. "They enjoyed the slow pace before such an important Champions League match," wrote Süddeutsche Zeitung acidly. "[After the two goals] they didn't have that much to do against an opponent that was only moderately committed. Leverkusen managed to conserve a lot of energy during that 3-0 defeat in Munich."
The returning Arjen Robben nonchalantly curled in the third in added time but it could have easily been another debacle for the "Werkself" (company team). Without André Schürrle, Michal Kadlec (both suspended) and Michael Ballack, Dutt's men seemed to lack belief. Their thoughts soon turned to the must-win game against Genk on Wednesday, and Bayern looked increasingly absent-minded, too.
"We weren't very good today; there were loads of mistakes," said Müller, with regard to some sloppy ball squandering in the final third. "Against City, we all need to be awake," warned Philipp Lahm, "unlike today, not as heedless."
"With a fully-fit [Mario Gomez] and Arjen Robben, we can play a lot better," said Jupp Heynckes, who also mildly criticised the former Manchester City defender Jérôme Boateng. "He doesn't have the consistency at the moment," the coach explained about the reasons for leaving the 23-year-old on the bench. Boateng should return against his former club, however, to partner Holger Badstuber, perhaps the most improved member of this Bayern side, along with Toni Kroos.
Bavaria's captain, Lahm, threatened to stretch out the freakishly mean domestic streak – they haven't conceded for 568 minutes – indefinitely. "We can only beat ourselves," said the full-back. Leverkusen's sporting director Rudi Völler quickly sensed that sharing this view was the only way to avoid an inquest into his men's depressing show. "When you're 2-0 down this quickly, damage limitation is your only option," he claimed. "Bavaria is on the level of Barcelona and Real Madrid. They play a special role in the Bundesliga."
The difference in class on Saturday evening did indeed make Bayer look like Germany's answer to Rayo Vallecano, but unlike the two La Liga heavyweights, Bavaria are yet to show that their greatness is not strictly relative. Handily, this is where Manchester City come in. Bastian Schweinsteiger was visibly excited about "facing a real challenge on Tuesday. We have to show that we can play like that against top teams in the Champions League, too".
Sections of the local press have predictably played up the diametrically opposed business models of Bayern and City ("That's why the whole world is rooting for us!" one tz reader wrote in the commentary section of yet another Financial Fair Play piece on Monday) but the non-red-and-white two thirds of the country will watch the showdown with mixed feelings. There will be a measure of reflected pride and glory if Germany's lonely superstar-club can beat a Premier League one, but certainly a sense of dread as well. "If these Bavaria are the real deal, the word autumn champions might just take on a whole new meaning," predicted Abendzeitung eerily.
Talking points
• Bayern's win was so effortless that the assembled big-shots could concentrate on fighting the powers that be instead. They all queued up to slam the Munich public prosecutor for arresting the injured Brazilian defender Breno following a suspicious fire at his rented villa on Tuesday. "Inhuman, ridiculous," said the president Uli Hoeness, "the way they're playing up is incredible. If this is our country, then it's goodnight Germany."
The vice-president Karl-Heinz Rummenigge was more measured in tone but equally angry. "We are surprised about the public prosecutor," he said. "I'm appealing for fairness and handling the matter sensitively." The public prosecutor Thomas Steinkraus-Koch did not understand all the fuss. "Bavaria themselves have said that they're planning to fly him and his family out to Brazil," he told Süddeutsche. "How can a judge dismiss the risk of flight in this case?" The fact that Breno's passport had apparently been destroyed in the fire was immaterial, he added. The charge is arson. But the club's verbal attacks on the legal authorities perhaps betray a sense of guilt. Bavaria obviously neglected to deal with the unspecified "personal problems", according to Heynckes, of the 21-year-old who had apparently become increasingly worried about his career in the wake of recurring knee trouble. "In Brazil I had less money and less luxury, but I was a happy person," Breno said last year. "Here, I have money but I'm missing everything else."
• Breno's alleged call for help strangely enough coincided with Ralf Rangnick's admission to suffering from burn-out syndrome. "Rangnick is physically on the ropes," said the Schalke 04 team doctor Thorsten Rarreck. "He couldn't help the club any longer." Colleagues and the press applauded the 53-year-old's courageous decision to go public about his problems and one hopes that the "Fußballprofessor" will be allowed to lecture again after an extended break. Schalke's caretaker manager Seppo Eichkorn oversaw a 4-2 win over relegation-bound SC Freiburg. The former Schalke legend Mike Büskens, now in charge of Greuther Fürth in the second division, is very much in the mix as far as the succession goes. Then there is also the inevitable Huub Stevens, perhaps the one man who will threaten Bayern's clean-sheet record by peddling his special brand of goalless football. Hamburg, who were also talking to the Dutchman, pulled out on Sunday night, which is real shame. As the blogger Kai Pahl suggested, next week's match between the two clubs could have made for a great play-off – with the losers having to take on the 57-year-old, naturally.
• The Northerners seem to prefer tactical incompetence of a more attacking kind, however, and are reportedly eager to hand the job to Marco van Basten. Under the caretaker Rodolfo Cardoso, HSV won their first match of the season, 2-1 at Stuttgart on Friday, but they are still propping up the table.
• Dortmund, too, won 2-1 away, at Mainz, to ease the sense of crisis that was threatening to engulf the champions. Mario Götze's return vastly improved Borussia's approach play but the conversion rate was again scandalously bad, even worse than at Thomas Cook. It took a last-minute 20-yard effort from Lukasz Piszczek to secure three points for Jürgen Klopp's team. "This result makes work easier for us," said the coach, in view of Wednesday's trip to Marseille.
• The result might have been a tad tough on Mainz but poor Hertha had it worse on Sunday. The visitors held Werder Bremen to a valiant 1-1 draw with nine men for almost 30 minutes – Adrian Ramos and Christian Lell, who had incongruously been linked with the national team, were sent off in the space of four minutes – before Claudio Pizarro scored with a header deep into injury-time. It was the Peruvian's second of the match and fifth of the season. Werder climbed to second as result while Hertha reflected on what might have been. "I feel sorry for the boys, they went beyond the call of duty today," said the coach Markus Babbel.
• Lucien Favre's teams rarely do, however, they prefer binary code to the flowery language of fantasy football. But who can blame them? Not long ago, Borussia Mönchengladbach looked destined for the second division so the improvement achieved by the Swiss coach is nothing short of miraculous. Their 1-0 over Nürnberg (Filip Daems, 76) was the fifth win in 10 games with that scoreline – no other manager is able to set up his sides so precisely, especially in defence. "It's almost spooky," said the assistant manager Frank Geideck, "but we have to remember that we only have 13 points so far. We need to keep on working."
Results: Stuttgart 1-2 Hamburg, Bavaria 3-0 Leverkusen, Gladbach 1-0 Nürnberg, Schalke 4-2 Freiburg, Wolfsburg 1-0 Kaiserslautern, Mainz 1-2 Dortmund, Augsburg 0-0 Hannover, Köln 2-0 Hoffenheim, Bremen 2-1 Hertha BSC.
• The Latest Bundesliga standings
The Baltimore Orioles aren't the first team to ask for Jeff Hoffman this winter, folks with the Toronto Blue Jays will tell you.
Despite the fact he won't be ready to pitch in games until May — and despite the fact that as a 2014 draftee, he couldn't join his new team until after this June's draft — the Atlanta Braves asked the Blue Jays if they would make Hoffman the focal point of a deal for outfielder Justin Upton, who is a year away from free agency. Hoffman would have been a player to be named later. The answer was an emphatic “no.”
Hoffman went ninth overall in the June draft despite undergoing Tommy John surgery a month before the proceedings, and the Blue Jays thought enough of the young pitcher to give him a $3.08-million signing bonus.
Hoffman's name has been out there as the compensation the Orioles were seeking to spring Dan Duquette out of his four-year contract and allow him to become the Blue Jays next president and CEO.
In the meantime, according to Blue Jays general manager Alex Anthopoulos, Hoffman had through Sunday thrown three bullpens already (fastballs only) and was impressive.
“He should be in games in April, getting stretched out to start, and he should be activated to be with a team in early May,” Anthopoulos said. “He has looked great.”
A WORLD OF DIFFERENCE
It's a known fact that an angel gets it wings any time something harms the IOC, which is why the NHL's decision to move forward with a World Cup makes the world a better place.
Truth is, the IOC's status as keeper of the game's jewel international event was in jeopardy the second that Donald Fehr became executive director of the NHL Players Association. God bless the patriotism of NHL players, but they and ownership have spent years squandering the opportunity to cash in on international hockey while lining the pockets of the IOC (think FIFA, but with lesser morals.) This is a big hammer, and here's hoping they swing away.
Fehr helped institute the World Baseball Classic and, as is the case with the new World Cup of Hockey, it was a formal business partnership with ownership. The WBC is OK … but the commitment of major league players has been tepid. The World Cup of Hockey promises to be a much better event — and my guess right now is that we have just seen the beginning of the end of full-scale NHL involvement.
Going further, this event will help smooth over future labour negotiations between the NHLPA and ownership — the WBC has been a boon to player/owner relations in Major League Baseball.
It's also a reminder to those in the game about how wrong they were regarding Fehr's intentions and abilities. Far from being the devil, Fehr is one of the best things to happen to the NHL. Kudos to Gary Bettman for figuring it out.
WHAT I LEARNED
The things you learn to host a sports talk show:
“(Rob Manfred) will continue to have Bud (Selig) as a sounding board, as an advisor, as someone with experience, but at the end of the day the industry will do what Rob directs us to do, not what Commissioner Selig directs us to do. And that's OK, because it's a new day and Rob isn't going to try to be Bud. His (Selig's) total M.O. can't be emulated, and if Rob tries to do it he will fail.”
— Miami Marlins president David Samson discusses how new baseball commissioner Rob Manfred will put his imprimatur on the game and office with his predecessor, Bud Selig, still holding the title of commissioner emeritus.
David Samson on The Jeff Blair Show
“People are the dumbest they can be when they're actually on a roster, but as soon as they're off a roster they are so opinionated and so smart about any topic, that it's pretty ironic.”
— Charles Robinson, Yahoo! Sports investigative reporter, discusses the lambasting Tom Brady took from former players turned commentators after his “Deflate-gate” news conference.
Charles Robinson on The Jeff Blair Show
“I don't think anything changes. If you did everything backwards, you would find things changed. I never came out of a bullpen until 2.5 months of last season … but I'm in good enough shape to do it.”
— Blue Jays pitcher Aaron Sanchez said he will use the same pre-spring training and between outings routine he's always used even if he finds out that plans to have him start have been shelved in favor of making him a closer.
Aaron Sanchez on The Jeff Blair Show
QUIBBLES AND BITS
(*) That was more like it: the starting five of the Toronto Raptors combined for 86 points in Sunday's 114-110 win over the Detroit Pistons, and it was the first time since Jan. 12 – a span of six games — in which Toronto's five starters all managed double digits. The Raptors had at least one starter contribute three or fewer points in their previous six games and were averaging 57.4 points from their starting lineup in 11 January games, compared to a 70.4 average in November.
(*) Jose Bautista could have told Kyle Lowry not to worry, that playing in Toronto doesn't preclude an athlete from being voted on to an all-star team, unless you play for the Maple Leafs. Bautista, the Blue Jays right fielder, has been voted on to the American League All-Star team by fans in each of the last five years. In fact, his vote total of 5,859,012 last season was the most of any player — the second time Bautista has led all players in fan balloting.
Look: fan balloting is flawed, but it's also a measure of engagement. And while both the Blue Jays and Raptors face one hurdle in luring free agents — geography — the fact that two guys who have resurrected their careers in this market and this country can be voted into an all-star game ought to give everyone hope.
(*) In an unsolicited observation, incoming baseball commissioner Rob Manfred told ESPN in an interview Sunday morning that he is open to the idea of restricting or an out-right ban on defensive shifts as a means of increasing offence in a game that many executives rightly believe has become tilted towards defence and pitching. Almost makes you long for the days of steroids at times.
(*) How bad are the New York Knicks? So bad that they have now had their seventh ESPN/ABC appearance of the season taken off the schedule. In a decision the network said was made before Kobe Bryant's season-ending shoulder injury, the New York Post reported the Knicks game on Super Bowl Sunday against the Los Angeles Lakers will be replaced by a celebrity bowling event, hosted by NBA star Chris Paul.
THE END GAME
I hate to tell you this, but the whole Paul Beeston/Dan Duquette exit waltz is not over yet. Duquette still wants out of Baltimore and that's going to create some uncomfortable moments — like, oh, Saturday when Duquette makes an appearance at the Orioles Fan Fest.
Blue Jays ownership still wants to have a new president and CEO lined up before the end of the season, and the chance remains the new person will have considerable baseball powers next season if the team doesn't make the playoffs.
No wonder two baseball people whose opinions I value both tell me the chances of Duquette being in Baltimore in November are less than his chances of being in Toronto in November.
The yellow pages? I did turn to them two years back when our then-infant managed to stick something mysterious in the toilet and we had an emergency Saturday plumbing emergency. But the white pages? I can't recall the last time I used them to look up a person's phone number, and neither can many Americans.
Phone companies like Verizon and AT&T have been pushing for regulatory permission to stop distributing the white pages to people's homes for some time. AT&T hasn't passed out white pages in Indiana for a couple of years, though it will provide a copy on request. Verizon has secured permission from states like New York, Pennsylvania, and Florida to stop mass distribution as well, and it's currently making the same case to Virginia regulators.
On August 3, Verizon asked the Virginia State Corporation Commission for a waiver of the white pages rule (PDF). According to the company, people have shifted their phone lookups to the Internet. Besides, "the annual printing and distribution of such directories imposes environmental costs in terms of tons of paper used and energy consumed in printing, binding, and distributing the directories." It also costs money to print, and unlike the yellow pages, residents don't pay for inclusion in the white pages.
Instead, Verizon would keep its listings online for no charge and would deliver white pages to any household that requests them. Yellow pages and their included government directories will continue to be printed. Anyone interested in making comments on the proposal can do so electronically—or by filing "an original and fifteen (15) copies of any comments on the issues associated with the application with the Clerk of the Commission c/o Document Control Center." Which is itself a nice reminder of how much more convenient digital technology can be.
Does anyone care about the white pages anymore? Robert Thompson, a "pop culture professor" at Syracuse, told the AP that "anybody who doesn't have access to some kind of online way to look things up now is probably too old to be able to read the print in the white pages anyway." Ha—old people and their declining eyesight!
But it's not as though paper itself is a worthless technology. For instance, our household continues to use more specialized paper directories if we need to look up acquaintances from church or work, and it's arguably faster than the time it would take to locate an electronic device, fire it up, open a browser, find a white pages site, enter the last name and the city, and get a result. And our collective eyesight is fine.
Are you tired of buying expensive laptop and iPad cases? Looking for a minimalist design and still want to protect your most valuable items? Low and behold you can use a bubble mailer as a netbook, laptop and/or even an iPad case.
Bubble Mailer iPad Case Bubble Mailer iPad Case
There are a couple different designs you can use to do this. The first one I am going to start with is a simple poly bubble mailer #5. Then you can buy a clear 8.5 x 5.5 label sheet and print the Apple logo or any other design onto it. Peel the label from the page and sick onto the #5 poly bubble mailer and viola! A simple and elegant case for you Macbook, laptop or netbook.
Kraft Bubble Mailer Case Kraft Bubble Mailer Case
The second design here is a kraft bubble mailer case for the iPad. For this design you start with a #5 kraft bubble mailer. Slide your device into the mailer and cut open one side of the bubble mailer. Remove your device and then insert fabric on the inside. Next, add a piece of fabric to the outer portion of the case. Finally, add a button and some string for a closure. For more detailed information check out the kraft bubble mailer case here.
Well there you have it folks. Two minimalist designs to pimp your laptop, netbook or tablet case.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Jenner tweeted, "Republicans need help understanding LGBTQ issues and I'm here...
President-elect Donald Trump is being urged by some advisers to save at least one dance, as he celebrates his inauguration on Friday night, for a very special Republican lady — Caitlyn Jenner.
“It's a brilliant idea,” a member of the incoming administration told me.
Besides mollifying the LGBTQ community — wary of conservative Republicans in general, and of Trump in particular — dancing with Jenner could mend fences within the party.
“Time heals all wounds,” one GOPer pointed out.
Bruce Jenner was a stalwart Republican long before the parent of six (10 if you count stepkids) transitioned into Caitlyn.
“The image of Trump dancing with Caitlyn would send a strong message that he supports gay rights and trans rights,” the Republican said. “A picture is worth a thousand tweets.”
Jenner's publicist said, “Can't deal in hypotheticals. We'll just have to wait and see.”
Also among the throngs at the inauguration will be Rowanne Brewer Lane, who dated Trump in 1990, and blasted the New York Times in May for mischaracterizing their relationship.
“They spun it to where it appeared negative. I did not have a negative experience with Donald Trump,” Brewer Lane said. “He never offended me in any way. He was very gracious.”
Eskom has revealed that as much as 7% of the country's electricity is stolen via illegal connections, something the state power utility can no longer afford.
This comes amid a power crisis and rolling blackouts as Eskom struggles to keep the lights on.
Andrew Etzinger who is the spokesperson Eskom recently told Talk Radio 702 that the company has its own private police force “that goes around every day removing hundreds of illegal connections. A couple of days later and those connections are back.”
He noted that Eskom has 300,000 kilometres of power line throughout the country. He said municipalities would have as much as six times more than that. “We just cannot police it all the time.”
He stressed that the problem was not only homeowners, but business owners too.
He said that as much as 7% of the country's electricity was stolen via illegal connections. “We desperately need that revenue…we cannot afford it anymore,” Etzinger said.
Financial woes
Eskom is in discussions with the Department of Public Enterprises and Treasury to secure funding to afford diesel to supply its gas turbines.
Etzinger said that in November alone, the group burnt through R1.3 billion in diesel which would have been more were it not for logistical issues of getting that amount of diesel into its power stations.
This, he said, was against a total annual budget of R2 billion. He said that Eskom could not, alone, fit a diesel bill of approaching R2 billion per month.
He said that capacity shortage required Eskom to run open cycle gas turbines, fueled by diesel, for up to fourteen hours a day, from between 2-3 hours.
“We need to get out of this base load schedule as soon as possible,” he told Talk 702.
He said that Eskom has received an additional R1.5 billion in funding recently, giving the power utility ‘some breathing space' to work out a more sustainable financial model from the middle of January.
He emphasized that the gas turbines are not designed to run base load capacity, which will run out of capacity, whether funding is available, or not.
He said that the first unit of Medupi will be ramped up to full capacity from about April 2015. However, he cautioned that two units at Medupi as well as one unit at Kusile would need to be operational.
“We are at least two years away from continuous relief,” Etzinger said.
More on Eskom
It could be worse: Eskom
Former Eskom CEO paid far more than thought
Privatise Eskom says DA, No says ANC
The Judge's ruling may affect thousands of potential claims Banks have won a partial victory against some credit card customers who have been trying to avoid their debts. A judge at the High Court in Manchester has upheld that card companies need only provide a "reconstituted" copy of the original loan agreement. It confirms that banks can still enforce debts even if the original agreement has been lost or destroyed. The ruling may affect thousands of potential cases gathered by claims management companies. "It seems to me to be likely that the number of challenges... will diminish significantly hereafter," said Judge David Waksman. Banks sometimes have great difficulty in providing an exact copy of an original credit card agreement, such as a photocopied or scanned version, and at least one major bank is thought to have destroyed all its old credit card agreements. Reconstitution Under the Consumer Credit Act (CCA), lenders are obliged to supply a copy of their credit card or loan agreement to a borrower, if asked to do so, within 12 days. The absence of a copy of a signed executed agreement is no evidence that such an agreement was not made
Judge Waksman Some claims management companies and their solicitors have been trying to use the law to stop debts being enforced, possibly permanently, if the copy cannot be produced satisfactorily. This has led to disputes between lenders and customers about what sort of copy is acceptable under the law. Judge Waksman examined six test cases to decide this. He said that the purpose of obliging lenders to provide a copy of the loan agreement, when asked, was not to prove that the agreement had been properly struck in the first place, but to provide the borrowers with information about the state of their account. "The debtor has a legitimate interest in seeing a copy of the agreement he signed, not in the sense of proof of execution but as information," he said. As such, he ruled that a reconstituted version of the agreement was perfectly acceptable. The information in it could be drawn from other data held by the bank about their customers, and it could be recreated by drawing on the standard terms and conditions that the bank applied at the time. Also, it was not necessary for the bank to examine the original signed agreement to do this, or even still to have it. "A creditor can satisfy its duty... by providing a reconstituted version of the executed agreement which may be from sources other than the actual signed agreement itself," he said. "The fact that the creditor no longer has the original executed agreement is not therefore, itself a bar to compliance [with the Act]," he added. 'Honest and accurate' Judge Waksman did point out that the banks could not simply invent the loan agreement retrospectively to comply with the law. "It must - of necessity - be based upon records held as to the debtor and the agreement he made," the judge said. "That a creditor needs to take care when providing the copy is highlighted by the fact that it is implicit in its duty that it is an 'honest and accurate' copy," he added. Judge Waksman rejected some arguments put forward by the banks, and supported some of those put forward of the claims management firms and their clients. He ruled that: • a copy of the loan agreement must contain the name and address of the borrower as it was at the time it was signed • if an agreement has been subsequently varied by the lender, then the lender is obliged to supply a copy of both the original agreement and the current one. Judge Waksman's rulings were welcomed by one of the biggest claims management companies, Cartel Client Review, which was involved in the Manchester hearings. It said that the clarification of the law would "open the floodgates" to many more cases being put forward in 2010. "Our experience shows that many banks and credit card companies have failed to instigate systems and procedures that allow them to comply with the requirements of the CCA and it is also clear that many agreements did not comply with the prescribed terms of the CCA, when the agreements were originally drafted," said Andrew Settle of Cartel's solicitors CCLS. Fishing expeditions Judge Waksman also ruled that failure to supply a copy did not, of itself, mean there was an unfair relationship between the lender and borrower under the CCA. But he confirmed that if a lender could not supply a copy of the loan agreement, then this automatically prevented them from using the courts to chase a debt until such time as they could come up with a copy. The judge went on to criticise some attempts by credit card customers to avoid repaying their debts by challenging their lender to produce a valid copy of their original loan agreement. "Many claims now made under [the Act] may properly be regarded as unattractive and merely fishing for a case of unenforceability," he warned. He went on to strike out claims from two individuals, pointing out that they had failed to supply any evidence at all that they had never signed their loan agreements in the first place. "The absence of a copy of a signed executed agreement is no evidence that such an agreement was not made," ruled Judge Waksman.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Love it? Share with your friends! Pinterest email
Hubby and I are decently frugal people. We often pass on purchases that we feel we can DIY. So it is no surprise that when we saw Gauze Swaddle blankets at $15 A PIECE, we decided “we can make that” and walked away.
We chose to block-print our blanket in a Zelda video game theme (because as long as we're making it, might as well make it unique!) but it would be even easier to start with some pre-printed muslin/gauze (these words mean different things in the US and Europe). We're total nerds and plan to have a Zelda themed nursery. The design I printed is the royal crest from the game.
What You Need:
1 yard of colored or white gauze/swaddlecloth/muslin (gauze/swaddlecloth in the US, muslin almost anywhere else)
Stamp of your choice (I made mine with a dollar store eraser per the #1 DIY stamp post)
Flexible Fabric Paint (or screenprint ink) of your choice.
White cotton thread
Sewing machine or needle for hand sewing
Scissors
How To Make It:
There are varying sizes of swaddle blankets, ranging from about 30 in all the way to 50. I opted to simply use the bolt length and cut it at 36 inches. Cut your fabric. You can leave the selvage edge on. Prewash it and dry without softeners. Prep your stamp by making sure it is clean and dry. To ink the stamp you can either spread a thin layer of the paint/ink on a plate and tap the stamp in (might leave gooey edges) or use a brayer to roll the ink onto the stamp. Stamp your design. Let dry.
Now for the sewing. Fold each edge of the blanket in .5 inch and sew about .25 inches in. I loosely pinned mine but I didn't iron it. Gauze has a crinkle texture that I didn't want to mess with.
Fold the edges in once more, so that none of the frayed edge is showing. Repeat step 4 all around. For the corners, neatly overlap one edge on the other.
Done! Can you believe how easy that is!? Once I got to sewing it was maybe 20 minutes. The stamping took the longest because I waited for the paint to dry every few stamps so not to accidentally smudge the designs.
Oh but that isn't all! Sure, this blanket would make an awesome baby gift, but I'm participating in a giveaway that will award a WHOLE BUNCH of fantastic baby products to one lucky winner! [Giveaway is closed. Congrats to the lucky winner!!]
Love it? Share with your friends! Pinterest email
Photo by Milles Studio, courtesy of Stocksy
Every year, the non-profit organization GLAAD releases an Accelerating Acceptance study analyzing survey data to better understand how—and how many—Americans accept LGBTQ relatives, neighbors, and co-workers. In this year's poll conducted with the company Harris Polls, GLAAD reports that while the results show progress, a third of Americans feel uncomfortable with their LGBTQ co-workers and other LGBTQ people they interact with in their day-to-day lives.
"To the non-LGBTQ respondents, we ask on a scale how uncomfortable they feel about 'people who are exploring or questioning their sexual orientation,'" GLAAD representative Matt Goodman tells Broadly. "The average of that response was just over 31 percent feeling 'very comfortable' or 'somewhat uncomfortable' with the above question." Allies may consider these results surprising, but LGBTQ people are well aware of discrimination in the workplace. Indiana school teacher Kimberly Hivelyhas filed a lawsuit against a community college that she believes fired her for being a lesbian. Matthew Christiansen, a gay man, sued his employer Omnicom after Chief Digital Officer Joe Cianciotto allegedly called Christiansen a bottom and drew pictures of him as a "half-horse" peeing and pooping. (Omnicom is fighting the case.) Last year, UCLA's Williams Institute found that 20 percent of LGBTQ people report being discriminated against during a job interview.
Read more: The Teens Going Door to Door to Stop Child Marriages
Between 2014 and 2015, rates of participants' discomfort with LGBTQ people dropped an average of 3 percent, but percentages have remained stagnant from 2015 to 2016. GLAAD attributes the stasis to 2015's avalanche of LGBTQ media coverage: In June 2015 alone, Caitlyn Jenner revealed her new name on the cover of Vanity Fair ("Call Me Caitlyn!" the headline read) and the Supreme Court decided all states must legalize gay marriage, overturning the Defense of Marriage Act that President Bill Clinton signed into law.
"The 2015 U.S. Supreme Court ruling, as well as the preceding court hearings, attracted massive media coverage, the likes of which were largely unprecedented in their scope and reached millions upon millions of viewers with stories of loving same-sex couples and their families," the study explains. "This saturation of the media with stories of real LGBTQ people in 2015 could explain the significant attitudinal change for acceptance observed between 2014-2015, which also underlines the media's impact on hearts and minds."
GLAAD's study notes the rise of President Donald Trump could lead to decreasing acceptance of LGBTQ people, but GLAAD also found some good news in this year's results. Although only 5 percent of people 72 years of age and older are LGBTQ, 20 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds have come out. Even more vital for eliminating workplace discrimination, 63 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds now define themselves as allies. LGBTQ America may not be celebrating like they were in 2015, but progress has yet to stop.
Spewing antigay insults, Mr. Morales dared Mr. Carson and Mr. Robinson to come around the corner onto Eighth Street to settle their differences, Mr. Robinson testified. They followed him, thinking it was a bluff.
There, just after midnight on May 18, 2013, in the shadow of a closed bookstore, Mr. Morales shot Mr. Carson while Mr. Robinson was on the telephone with the police, witnesses said.
“This was bigotry, and this was unjustifiable rage,” the lead prosecutor, Shannon Lucey, said in her summation. “The defendant was able to shoot Mark Carson over nothing because Mark Carson was nothing to the defendant. Mark Carson was nothing to the defendant but a subhuman fag.”
In his testimony, Mr. Morales said that he had had sexual relationships with transgender women; he called one of his longtime sexual partners as a witness. “I, Elliot Morales, am not a bigot,” he said. “I don't hate gays.”
But Ms. Lucey noted that he never took transgender women he slept with on dates or walked in public with them. “The defendant is self-loathing; he wants no one to know or to see who he is,” she said. “He has a lot of self-loathing issues, and that came out when he saw Mark Carson and Danny Robinson being who they are.”
When he was tackled by an officer and arrested a few minutes after the shooting, Mr. Morales said, “I shot him because he tried to act tough.” Then, as another officer turned on his video camera, Mr. Morales laughed maniacally and said, “Diagnosis dead, Doctor.”
One juror, who insisted on anonymity to protect his privacy, said no one on the panel bought Mr. Morales's claim he had acted in self-defense. Most of the discussion, he said, had been about whether Mr. Morales had singled out Mr. Carson because he was gay or for some other reason.
Coming into upfronts week, there was a lot of buzz around fall TV shows that seemed primed to appeal to the networks' conception of Middle Americans: some of the most talked-about series were military dramas and escapist fare, seemingly designed to appeal to the sort of viewers who feel alienated by glossy shows about rich-people problems. But as ABC unveils its fall schedule, a new question arises: Is this network quietly trolling Donald Trump?
Yes, yes—these days, it seems everything is about Trump. But some of the Alphabet's upcoming pilots seem like intentional brow-raisers. Take The Crossing, in which “refugees from a war-torn country seek asylum in a small American fishing town, only the country these people are from is America–and the war they are fleeing hasn't happened yet.” Hm. Refugees? Impending war? Interesting.
At Tuesday's upfront presentation, ABC played up the political relevance of its current and upcoming slate. A sizzle reel ahead of its new programming presentation included a moment from the Black-ish episode that addressed Trump's election. (Black-ish will move to anchor its own hour on Tuesdays in the fall.) The promotional also saw Speechless actor Cedric Yarbrough noting that ABC's offerings “bring a mirror and reflect it back to society.”
View more
ABC focuses on “stories that are specific in their voice and vision,” ABC president Channing Dungey said, “but have universal appeal.”
One of the network's upcoming comedies, The Mayor, follows a rapper who “cooks up the publicity stunt of the century—running for mayor of his hometown in California to generate buzz for his music career.” You know where this is going, right? Of course he wins and “will have to overcome his hubris if he wants to transform the struggling city he loves.” Here's hoping he can make it great again.
The series also co-stars Lea Michele, who opened the network's upfront presentation on Tuesday afternoon with a musical performance before a star-studded backdrop—highlighting the fact that ABC managed to poach not only Fox's biggest sensation, American Idol, but also one of its old Glee (and Scream Queens) stars. Channing Dungey called the comedy “a timely riff on current events.”
And then there's Deception, in which a scandal-marred musician joins the F.B.I. Admittedly, we're including that one more just because the idea is amusing—but then again, it does involve the F.B.I.
There's mutual interest between the Yankees and left-hander Javier Lopez, agent Barry Meister tells Andy McCullough of the Star-Ledger. The two sides have had preliminary discussions and plan to have more substantial discussions later in the offseason once the Yankees have had time to address their biggest issues.
Lopez's primary goal, according to Meister, is to pitch on a contending team. "Of course, the Yankees are perennially that," he told McCullough. As McCullough notes, the Yankees have a need in the bullpen with Mariano Rivera retiring and Boone Logan hitting free agency.
Lopez, 36, pitched to a 1.83 ERA with 8.5 K/9 and 2.7 BB/9 in 39 1/3 innings in 2013, primarily working as a lefty specialist for the Giants. Lopez was incredibly good in that role, limiting opposing left-handers to a minuscule .156/.208/.222 slash line. He's said to be looking for a multiyear deal on the free agent market after finishing up a two-year, $8.5MM contract with San Francisco.
I am quite taken aback by the furore over Tyson Fury, with calls for him to be put in the stocks from all and sundry. Since when were boxers every role models? The majority are railroaded into the so-called sport from massively disadvantaged backgrounds. I grew up close to some Irish Traveller families where bare-knuckle boxing was encouraged as soon as the boys reached five years old.
Tyson Fury has no fear of retribution – he will say and do as he pleases | Kevin Mitchell Read more
Every Saturday night, crowds of men from our rundown housing estate would get tanked up and go to watch those from an even lower pecking order than themselves inflict pain and humiliation on each other, while the spectators egged them on. I only ever saw it once, and the sight of the blood spraying the wooden floor reminded me of a particularly nasty incident of domestic violence I had previously witnessed, committed by a neighbour on his pregnant wife.
When the police were eventually tipped off about these illegal fights, they shut them down. The organisers then put on dog fights to feed the mania for violent sport that was so prevalent in communities where poverty and hopelessness was the norm, churning out boys who felt their only worth was the ability to instil fear in, and cause injury to, others.
The ultimate aim in a boxing match is to inflict a blow to the head and render the opponent unconscious. Violence is endemic to this sport. Why are we now taking the moral high ground, and sitting in judgment over individual boxers' attitudes and beliefs, when we barely pay any attention to the oppression and brutality that gets these men into the ring? Many middle-class folk fetishise the sport, and seem to enjoy watching the proles knock hell out of each other. These are some of the same people now up in arms about Fury's offensive and unsavoury views.
Whether we enjoy watching it or not, boxing exploits working class people, is dangerous, and it celebrates violence and individual competitiveness. While rich businessmen take their colleagues to a big game and enjoy watching the commoners beat the shit out of each other, don't expect those we exploit in such a way to have been on much equality and diversity training courses.
When world champion boxer Muhammad Ali announced that he aspired to became “a black Henry Kissinger”, and that he only used his boxing skills to improve the lot of other African American men from the ghetto, he became an exception. If we were to judge other boxers by Ali's aspirations we would be bitterly disappointed. Most boxers play on the bad boy image, and pander to the stereotypical image of rabid thug with a cauliflower brain in order to satisfy the desires of the spectator.
Tyson Fury should remember he's a role model when he opens his mouth | Alice Arnold Read more
To expect Tyson Fury or other boxers to come out with views and attitudes conducive to the cultured middle classes is ludicrous. Not because he is of Traveller heritage, or because he is working class. But because he, like other men who have been raised to punch the living daylights out of their sporting opponents in order to earn a living, has been fed a diet of anger and survival instinct. If your job is to knock somebody unconscious, it's unlikely that they have been raised to think that solving an argument with their fists is wrong. The ethos behind this can also breed dangerous attitudes towards women. When Mike Tyson was accused of rape, for example, he said he was “not guilty of this crime” because his victim had no black eyes or broken ribs.
Making Fury an outcast for his views is hardly going to make a difference. He will still be lauded by those who enjoy this grotesque, sadistic sport, whatever his views on gay people or women. We would be better off asking why boxing was ever classed as entertainment in the first place.
Every traveler that lands in Tehran become a customer of Iran's Revolutionary Guard. That's because the elite troops of the Islamic republic operate the Imam Khomeini International Airport, making extremely lucrative business through entry and landing fees alone. With control of the country's other air and seaports, the Revolutionary Guard - also known the "Sepah Pasdaran" - monopolizes Iran's borders. They pay neither tolls nor taxes. They choose which goods to allow into the country. And they aren't questioned as to how many of these goods end up in the black market - or how much they have pocketed from them.
Businessmen in uniform
The Revolutionary Guard possesses land, sea and air forces, controls Iran's strategic weapons arsenal, and numbers more than an estimated 120,000 troops. It also runs a gigantic commercial enterprise. It operates eye clinics. It builds dams, vehicles, highways, train tracks and even subways. It is closely intertwined with the country's oil and gas business. It has its hand in mining.
Its activities are hard to fully grasp, and are therefore not often reported on by media outlets in the West. The BBC offered a rare look in 2009, covering the Revolutionary Guards' $8-billion (7.2-billion-euro) deal to connect Iran's southeastern port Chabahar to the country's rail network. Less than 100 kilometers (62 miles) separate the deep-sea port on the Gulf of Oman from Iran's border with Pakistan. Resource-rich Afghanistan is only a day's trip away.
A meeting of commanders of the Revolutionary Guard
In charge of this strategic infrastructure project - as well as many other billion-dollar investments - was Khatam-al-Anbia, which translates to "Seals of the Prophets." But no charitable goal hides behind the pious name - it's the Revolutionary Guard's engineering holding firm. Established at the end of the 1980s as the country sought to rebuild itself in the wake of its long war with Iraq, the firm carved out massive economic influence during the presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
By now, the Pasdaran is believed to control up to a third of the national economy, an estimate that Iran expert Bahman Nirumand sees as realistic. "There are of course no precise statistics or data on this, but that is a prevalent estimate, that a third - maybe even more - of the Iranian economy is in the hands of the Revolutionary Guard," he told DW. According to World Bank figures, Iran's economic output in 2014 amounted to more than $425 billion. This would put the Pasdaran's dealings at a volume of around $140 billion.
From refineries to dams, Khatam-al-Anbia presents itself as a modern corportation on the Internet
Businessmen in cleric's clothing
But the strings of Iran's economy are not pulled only by the military. Religious foundations led directly by the country's highest Shi'ite clerics wield even far more influence. Germany's Federal Foreign Office estimates that such companies command altogether up to 80 percent of Iran's economy.
Nobody knows the full extent of their business dealings. They are not required to disclose their earnings and have never been held publically accountable. Many Iranians asked where billions of dollars disappeared to while Ahmadinejad was in power. But they received no answer. Bahman Nirumand recalled that corruption existed under the former rule of Iran's shah as well, "but there weren't pickpockets then in comparison to those wielding power today."
"Setad" - otherwise known as the "Executive Headquarters of Imam's Directive" - is one such religious foundation, worth now over $90 billion. According to a Reuters investigation, Setad was created shortly before the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the first Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran. He originally used it as a kind of clearinghouse for the former property of emigrated or dispossessed loyalists of the ousted Shah, redirecting it to the poor and needy. Since then, Setad has been rebuilt as one of Iran's most influential companies, while remaining directly under the Supreme Leader.
Who profits from the lifting of sanctions?
Controlled by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei since 1989, the Setad empire, according to Reuters, stretches from the finance, oil and telecommunication sectors all the way to birth-control production and ostrich farming. Many Setad subsidiaries appeared on the most recent list of US sanctions, in an attempt to strike directly at the economic interests of the Iranian leadership. In the words of the US Treasury, Setad is not a harmless foundation, but a "major network of front companies" that is "controlled by Iran's leadership" to "generate and control massive, off-the-books investments, shielded from the view of the Iranian people and international regulators."
The lifting of sanctions by the West will therefore benefit these billion-dollar companies most. Expert Bahman Nirumand is at least hopeful though that the rest of Iran's coffers won't run completely dry: "The average person will also get something out of it, because trade will likely be building up more momentum. And that way the traders and the bazaaris and all those who offer services in Iran will profit from the end of the sanctions."
Alethea Jones is circling as director of the feature project based on the Mattel toy line.
Anne Hathaway is getting behind the wheel of the pink dream convertible for Sony's Barbie movie.
The Oscar winner is in negotiations to star in the long-in-the-works feature project, putting on the outfit that was originally going to be worn by Amy Schumer. (Schumer was announced to star in December, but dropped out in March, citing "scheduling conflicts.")
At the same time, rising Australian director Alethea Jones is in talks to helm the pic after being handpicked by Hathaway, who was integral in the search for a filmmaker.
The Barbie movie (at least, the Schumer version) was to turn the classic Barbie mythology on its head, putting a contemporary spin on the toy with an emphasis on feminism and identity. The script told of a woman that slowly awakens to the fact that she doesn't fit into the perfect land of Barbies and journeys to the real world, where she discovers that being unique is an asset. The fish-out-of-water tale is supposed to be in the vein of Big or Enchanted.
Amy Pascal, Walter F. Parkes and Laurie MacDonald are producing. RIchard Dickson, president and COO of Mattel, is executive producing.
The studio is still eyeing a June 29, 2018, release, but one issue that is keeping things in flux is Hathaway's schedule. Sony is hesitant to move the release date, and there's a chance that if Hathaway's schedule isn't worked out in a satisfactory way, a deal may not be made.
The studio would not comment on the negotiations.
Hathaway was last seen in the indie Colossal and will next be seen palling around with Rihanna and Sarah Paulson in Ocean's 8 and with Rebel Wilson in Nasty Women, MGM's remake of Dirty Rotten Scoundrels. She is repped by CAA and Sloane Offer.
Jones directed Fun Mom Dinner, an R-rated ensemble comedy that starred Toni Collette and Molly Shannon. She made her American television debut with Amazon's Gortimer Gibbon's Life on Normal Street and cut her teeth making shorts in her native land. She is repped by Paradigm.
The casting news was first reported by entertainment newsletter The Ankler.
If you've tried to emulate your own apps on the built-in Windows phone emulators present in Visual Studio, you might have experienced an "out of memory" error in Windows 10. This happened even when there was apparently enough free memory, according to the Task Manager. Microsoft has now announced that it has fixed the issue, and the problem won't occur in Insider Preview build 15002 and onwards.
Microsoft says that the problem was quite common on systems with less than 8GB of RAM. Users were often greeted with the following error:
The emulator in unable to verify that the virtual machine is running: Not enough memory is available in the system to start an emulator that uses 3072MB of startup RAM. Please close other applications and try to launch the emulator again.
The company says that most of the time, this happened because there actually wasn't enough available RAM in the system, but sometimes, it also happened because of Hyper-V's root memory reserve.
According to Microsoft, this reserve was set aside so that there will always be enough memory for the host to work well. However, starting with Windows 10 Insider Preview build 15002, the company has stopped using this reserve in favor of "other memory management tools" available in the operating system. That said, Microsoft also mentioned that:
[...] while the default memory management settings on server are now different from Hyper-V on Windows, if root reserve is set on Windows 10 Hyper-V will respect it — you won't see any of the memory management changes we made. Which is why now is the time to clear that custom root memory reserve.
Microsoft has detailed the method for removing Hyper V's root memory reserve here.
It was with just two minutes to spare that Jeremy Corbyn secured the 35 MP nominations he needed to stand for the Labour leadership. He did so only with the aid of colleagues who had no intention of voting for him in the contest and who believed he would lose. After his victory, many of those MPs vowed never again to allow a left-winger on to the ballot.
It is to remedy this problem that some Corbyn supporters are now arguing that Labour's leadership rules should be changed. In my column in tomorrow's NS, I speak to Ken Livingstone who tells me the the current nominations threshold should be abolished. "Up until 1989, under Kinnock, you could stand for the leadership if you were nominated and seconded by two MPs. I think we should go back to that."
Livingstone added that were MPs to trigger a leadership contest against Corbyn, he would be "elected by an even bigger margin". He said: "It's going to be very difficult for them, with Jeremy having been elected so overwhelmingly. If they trigger another leadership ballot, Jeremy will be elected by an even bigger margin. MPs can't remove the leader."
The former London mayor, whose previous aides Simon Fletcher and Neale Coleman serve as Corbyn's chief of staff and director of policy respectively, added: "Part of the problem is the four elections under Blair and Brown. Labour parties weren't allowed to select the candidates they wanted, they had to choose from an approved list, which shifted the Parliamentary Labour Party massively to the right." He praised Ed Miliband for "abolishing the Blairite pre-vetting rule" and said "parties are now free to select the candidate they want". He added that "If we're going to have a Corbyn government we're going to make huge gains that will bring in a much more balanced PLP [Parliamentary Labour Party]."
Corbyn has not suggested changing Labour's leadership rules. But were he to do so it would help ensure that a left-wing successor could not be kept off the ballot by MPs. With the party having nearly doubled in size since the election to 370,658, any Corbyn-endorsed candidate would be in a strong position to win.
Over the past two seasons, the Sixers have committed themselves unequivocally to the long game, setting their sights on championship contention and avoiding at all costs the frequent temptation to take shortcuts. In a way, their willingness to trade moderate success in the short term in exchange the potential for great triumph in the future has made them an attractive trade partner with the league's more presently focused franchises.
On Thursday, Philadelphia completed a trade that sent the rights to Arturas Gudaitis and Luka Mitrovic, drafted 47th- and 60th-overall in this year's draft respectively, to the Kings in exchange for sophomore shooting guard Nik Stauskas, veteran big men Carl Landry and Jason Thompson, Sacramento's 2018 first-round pick, and the right to swap firsts with Sacramento in both 2016 and 2017.
For the Kings, the move cleared the cap space necessary to reportedly extend offers to Rajon Rondo, Marco Belinelli, and Kosta Koufos, and for Philadelphia, it allowed the team to acquire a 2014 lottery pick in Stauskas, two experienced frontcourt players on manageable contracts in Landry and Thompson, and a handful of valuable future draft considerations all for the cost of rented cap space and essentially two second-round picks.
The NBA's collective bargaining agreement consists of over 500 pages of dry legalese that describes in tedious detail each type of transaction that is and is not allowed. Still, trades between teams always come down to a fairly simple, zero-sum formula: two franchises determine that each has something the other wants, they negotiate until reaching a compromise about what they both will surrender, and they complete the deal.
When we talk about the nuts and bolts of a trade, typically we mean players, future draft picks, perhaps the NBA rights to young prospects currently playing abroad. But during Sam Hinkie's two years as President of Basketball Operations and General Manager of the Philadelphia 76ers, he has introduced a new variable, one that breaks the zero-sum equation altogether… patience.
By taking the long view, the Sixers have allowed themselves to act as a benevolent lender of sorts for teams eager to get over the hump in the immediate future. As has always been the case in the NBA and in business, people are willing to pay for expediency, and that's where Hinkie and the Sixers step in, offering immediate relief in return for future considerations, with interest of course.
The Anatomy Of The Deal
Tracing this trade back to its roots, it really began on February 20, 2014, when the Sixers parted ways with Evan Turner and Lavoy Allen, both of whom were to expire that summer, in exchange for Danny Granger (waived as part of the deal) and Golden State's 2015 second-round pick (which became Mitrovic). On that same day, the Sixers sent a conditional 2014 second-round pick (which was never conveyed) to Wizards in exchange for New Orleans' 2015 second-round pick (which became Gudaitis) and Denver's 2016 second-round pick.
But in reality, the two second-round picks sent to Sacramento were not the prize of the trade for the Kings. Instead, that came in the way of the roughly $16 million the deal shaved off their books this summer, allowing them to become players in free agency and build around budding superstar center DeMarcus Cousins.
It's not the first time the Sixers have used their cap flexibility to acquire future assets. During Sam Hinkie's tenure (including Thursday's trade, the team has acquired two first-round picks, seven second-round picks, and pick-swapping rights in the first round of two drafts using its cap flexibility to assist other teams.
But in this case, the incoming value came not only in the form of draft considerations, but also by way of the three players acquired in the deal.
What Stauskas, Thompson, and Landry Bring To The Table
To this point in his NBA career, Nik Stauskas is known more for the infamous closed-captioning gaffe that gave birth to his nickname, Sauce Castillo, than he is for his on-court contributions. But at just 21 years old, the rising sophomore shooting guard shouldn't be overlooked as a major piece in this trade.
Playing under three different head coaches in his first NBA season, the Canadian-born Stauskas struggled to find stable minutes or a consistent role. In 73 games, he averaged 15.3 minutes per game, but often times weeklong stretches of him playing 15-20 minutes per game would be broken up by DNPs and relegation to garbage time.
In 50 games before the All-Star Break, the 6'6” sharpshooter averaged just 3.4 points per game and shot 26.1% from beyond the arc. But after George Karl was hired as the team's head coach on February 12, Stauskas settled into a role that better suited his skill set, spacing the floor for big man DeMarcus Cousins.
After the break, Stauskas averaged 6.6 points in 19.4 minutes per game and shot 42.1% from beyond the arc; his effective field goal percentage jumped from 39.7% to 51.6% during that stretch. In those games, Cousins averaged 29.9 points per 36 minutes on 54.0% shooting in the paint with Stauskas on the floor versus 26.0 points per 36 on 48.2% shooting in the paint with the rookie on the bench.
With the Sixers, he'll be given an opportunity to earn big minutes in a young guard rotation, and with a frontcourt that features Jahlil Okafor, Nerlens Noel, and Joel Embiid, his ability to space the floor could be similarly useful in Philadelphia.
But Stauskas isn't simply a spot-up shooter. In his sophomore season at Michigan, he played a major role as a facilitator within head coach John Beilein's offense. That year, he averaged 17.5 points (47.0 FG%, 44.2 3P%), 3.3 assists, and 2.9 rebounds per game, earning Big Ten Player of the Year honors.
His talent was great enough to compel the Kings to use the eighth-overall pick in last year's draft to select him, and at times his potential shone through. In his lone start as a rookie, Stauskas scored 14 points on 5-of-9 from the field and 3-of-4 from deep and also contributed five assists, five rebounds, and two steals with one turnover.
The two other players acquired in the deal, Jason Thompson (28) and Carl Landry (31), can provide a veteran presence on a young Sixers team and help bolster the team's frontcourt depth. Last season, Thompson, a native of Camden, New Jersey, appeared in 81 games (63 starts) and averaged 6.1 points (47.0 FG%) and 6.5 rebounds in 24.6 minutes per game. Landry, going into his ninth NBA season, averaged 7.2 points (51.5 FG%) and 3.8 rebounds in 17.0 minutes per game in 2014-15. Both are under contract through the conclusion of the 2016-17 season.
How The Pick (And The Potential Pick Swaps) Could Play Out
In the deal, the Sixers not only acquired a future first-round pick from the Kings but also the right to swap first-rounders with Sacramento in both 2016 and 2017 should Philadelphia choose to do so. Here are the particulars of all three draft considerations, as reported:
The Kings owe their 2016 first-rounder to the Chicago Bulls. That pick is top-10 protected next year, and if it doesn't convey then it will be top-10 protected in 2017 as well. Should the pick still not convey by then, it will become a second-round pick. The Sixers will receive Sacramento's first-round pick either two years after the Kings' first-round debt to the Bulls is paid or in 2018 if the pick owed to Chicago becomes two seconds.
The pick owed to Philadelphia is reportedly protected for picks 1-10 for one year before becoming unprotected. Trading picks with the potential to become unprotected is fairly uncommon in today's NBA, so the fact that the Sixers hold not only this pick from Sacramento but also the Lakers' lightly-protected first-rounder (top-3 in 2016 and 2017 and unprotected in 2018) is noteworthy.
The picks swaps are a bit more complicated, as they depend partially upon the Kings' debt to Chicago. The Sixers have the right to swap first-rounders with Sacramento in both 2016 and 2017, but their ability to do so may go away in one of those seasons if the Kings select outside the top-10 and thus convey their pick to the Bulls. It should be noted that the right to swap comes after the Draft Lottery is conducted, meaning that if the Kings were to finish with a better record (and therefore a less favorable pick) than the Sixers, they could still jump ahead of Philadelphia via the lottery. In that case, Philadelphia would choose to swap picks with Sacramento.
What this means is that if the Kings miss the playoffs in either of the next two seasons, Philadelphia will essentially receive Sacramento's ping pong balls going into the lottery. There is no protection on the swap, making it incredibly valuable depending upon Sacramento's record in 2016 and 2017.
Taking Stock Of The Sixers' Collection Of Draft Picks
Earlier this offseason, we broke down the impressive job Sam Hinkie and the Sixers have done of restocking the team's stable of future draft considerations. With this deal, Philadelphia now possesses the rights to nine first-round picks and 10 second-round picks over the next five years as well as a handful of swaps. Here's how it breaks down:
2016:
PHI 1st (right to swap w/ SAC, protected 11-30)
LAL 1st (top-3 protected)
MIA 1st (top-10 protected)
OKC 1st (top-15 protected)
DEN 2nd
2017:
PHI 1st (right to swap w/ SAC, protected 11-30)
PHI 2nd
2018:
PHI 1st
SAC 1st (top-10 protected)
PHI 2nd
BKN or CLE 2nd (more favorable)
LAC or NYK 2nd (more favorable)
2019:
PHI 1st
PHI 2nd
NYK 2nd
MIL or SAC 2nd (more favorable)
2020:
PHI 1st
PHI 2nd
BKN 2nd
NYK 2nd
Final Thoughts
Throughout the entirety of their rebuild, the Sixers have been consistent, that their goal is to do whatever they can to put themselves in a position to one day compete for a championship. And while trades like this one may appear inconsequential in the short term, they are the types that have the potential for great payoff down the line.
For the cost of cap space and two second-round picks, the Sixers acquired a valued prospect in Nik Stauskas, two veteran big men, a future first-rounder that has the potential to become unprotected, and pick swaps that may go unused but also give the team a greater chance at landing a top pick in each of the next two drafts.
These are the types of incremental, low-risk, high-upside moves that successful and lasting teams are built upon. We'll see in the coming years just how good this trade turns out for the Sixers.
This weekend in Spa, F1 will have new rules for the race starts, which hand some control back to the drivers from the engineers on the pit wall.
Today in the press conference at Spa, James Allison was asked for a layman's explanation of how it works and what has changed and he gave this response, which is so good, we thought we would reproduce it here.
Allison: [When an F1 car starts] "The tyre has a certain amount of grip, the track has a certain amount of grip, you want to go as close to that available grip as possible, but not over it and you don't want to go under it otherwise you're not making as much performance as there is available.
"Now if you were super-duper skilful you might have fingers that could judge exactly where that grip is, but it all happens very very fast, so a perfect start is one where you can just let go of the clutch, let go of it and it closes to the perfect point where it delivers exactly the right amount of torque, such that the tyre doesn't light up and spin, but neither does it give less torque to the road than the road is capable of taking.
"So our job, during the weekend, is to try to judge exactly how much grip is available and to adjust our clutches so that when the driver says go, the clutch closes the perfect amount to deliver the perfect amount of torque to the road and then off it goes. And that's something that happens without the driver adjusting stuff, he doesn't fiddle around with his fingers.
"The way that we used to do that in the past was there are two clutch paddles, one which he holds all the way in, keeping the clutch fully open and the other which he holds in a partially closed and open position. We then, as engineers, adjust the clutch so that this partially closed and open position is at exactly the right point to get this magic start. And then when the light goes green, he lets go of the first clutch and the clutch closes to the point that is being held by the second paddle. Off the car goes.
"All that's changed is that now we‘re not allowed to advise or make any adjustments to that biting point between when the car's on the grid preparing for the start of the race and when the driver actually does it so the parade lap start and the real start is done all by the driver and if he thinks it's not closed enough or too open, he has to make his own judgement about that and make the calls.
"We can be sitting in the garage going ‘no, don't do that!' but we don't have any power to stop him."
It deserved a round of applause. You can always rely on Allison to pit into simple words the most complex F1 technicality.
For more on this, read our background story on new start rules
McCain Lies about Obama on Troops Editor's Note: Despite his earlier promise to run a respectful campaign based on issues, John McCain has made it clear that he sees his path to victory as taking the low road against Barack Obama. Having already accused Obama of wanting to lose the Iraq War and blaming him for $4 a gallon gasoline, McCain and his campaign now are lying about Obama's canceled visit to see wounded U.S. troops in Germany, as Brent Budowsky notes in this guest essay: John McCain personally told Larry King that Barack Obama wanted to bring reporters, cameras and campaign aides to a meeting with wounded troops in Germany. Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly When he said this, John McCain was lying. Let me spell this correctly: L-Y-I-N-G. Obama never intended to bring reporters, period. That is a lie. Obama never intended to bring cameras. That is a lie. Obama never intended to bring "his campaign staffers" (to use McCain's words). That, too, is a lie. The only person Obama intended to bring was retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Scott Gration, who is an unpaid military adviser. Credit to Dan Balz in The Washington Post on Wednesday for laying out the facts. Shame on many in the political, cable, pundit and commentariat classes who have allowed McCain to get away with what are several clear, unmitigated and outright lies (spell that L-I-E-S) about Obama and wounded troops. One can understand McCain's frustration. He taunted Obama to make the trip abroad and it was a major success. One can understand McCain's anger. He was reduced to a photo-op on an oil rig that was canceled by a hurricane. While he dished his talking points at Schmidt's sausage factory, Obama was greeted by a quarter million people, many waving American flags, and praised extravagantly by the conservative leaders of Germany and France. One can understand McCain's problem. His record on veterans' issues over many years is far weaker than that of most Democrats and most Republicans. He recently unsuccessfully opposed the strong version of Sen. Jim Webb's (D-Virginia) new GI Bill, irritating many veterans' groups, again, while the bill passed with bipartisan support over McCain's objection. But frustration is no excuse for lying. It is no excuse for repeating the lie in campaign statements and paid television ads approved by McCain. While credit is due to The Washington Post for reporting the facts, it is an outrage that many in the media, whom McCain has long called part of his political base, fail to report this story with the integrity, clarity and truth that this issue demands. Brent Budowsky was an aide to Sen. Lloyd Bentsen and to Rep. Bill Alexander, then the chief deputy whip of the House. A contributing editor to Fighting Dems News Service, he can be read on The Hill newspaper where this essay first appeared. He can be reached at brentbbi@webtv.net. To comment at Consortiumblog, click here. (To make a blog comment about this or other stories, you can use your normal e-mail address and password. Ignore the prompt for a Google account.) To comment to us by e-mail, click here. To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read, click here. Back to Home Page
According to Tracy McMillan, the reason I'm not married is that I'm a selfish, angry, shallow, lying, slut who is a deep down doesn't feel like she's good enough.
In actuality, most of this is true for women -- and men, for that matter -- some of the time. We are all selfish, shallow, and "slutty" (although I have a big problem with this word) at times. All of us lie. And God knows we all have moments where we feel like we're not good enough (harshly lit TJ Maxx dressing rooms are great for this).
But I don't believe I'm not married because of these things. I think these things are part of what make me human. Here's why I think I'm not married:
1. I'm not ready.
I'm still figuring myself out. I know enough to know that I have a tendency (as most women do) to lose myself in relationships. Instead of repeating this glorious and oh-so-effective pattern over and over, I'm committed to doing my own personal growth to move beyond it. I've gotten psychotherapy, hypnotherapy, acupuncture, done EFT, and currently get Network Spinal Analysis to actively work on my own spiritual growth and expand into the very best version of myself I can be. I do this primarily for myself (separate from wanting to be in a healthy relationship someday), but I also do it because I know that means I will then attract the best mate possible. As a wise friend says, "You attract what you are, not what you want." I want an amazing, passionate, self-aware, dynamic, understanding life partner -- so I'm working on being exactly that. Then I'll be ready.
2. I'm not willing to settle.
Tracy McMillan claims that most men just want a woman who is nice to them, and imply that it's appropriate to either stuff or somehow eliminate your anger if you're a woman, to keep your man happy. But I don't want a man that can't handle my anger sometimes. I'm a full-bodied, full-ranged person: sometimes I'm upset, sometimes I'm silly, sometimes I'm sad, sometimes I'm playful, sometimes I'm hurt, sometimes I'm radiant and sometimes I want to stuff my face with cupcakes and not be judged for it. I don't want someone who wants an edited version of myself. I want someone who embraces all the facets of me.
And I want the same thing in my man. I don't want a man who has cut off his balls or his anger so as not to threaten my ego, or because he's afraid I'll get angry back. I want someone who is his own person, and I want to be my own person right alongside him. I want someone with whom I successfully negotiate conflict, not who colludes with me in avoiding it at all costs. In other words I want a man, not a boy who doesn't know how to handle me when I'm pissy.
3. I haven't found the right partner.
I don't give a sh*t what kind of car a guy drives or how much money he makes. And maybe it's just the circles of women I run in, but I rarely encounter women who do. Honestly, I see this is as a hyped-up fallacy perpetuated by men who want something to blame when it doesn't work out with someone. "Oh, she left me because I didn't drive a Spyder." Seriously? Most women don't know a Spyder from a spider. When it comes to what women want in a man, it's less about craving wealth than craving a man who knows who he is and what he's about.
Does he have a career he's happy with, in which he's fulfilled? Is he doing something he believes in? Does he have a job that pays a decent wage such that he is in a position to support a family at some point? Or does he still smoke a bong every day and work at Applebee's because he doesn't yet know how or what he wants to contribute to the world? There's a difference.
I don't even care whether I meet a guy who's unemployed if he knows what he wants to do and is going after it. Hell, I'll help him go after it. I just want someone who is capable and mature enough to want to give his gifts to the world in the biggest way he can and get paid for it. And I don't think I'm alone in wanting that.
4. I don't want to rush into marriage.
Tracy McMillan's qualification, it appears, is that she's been married three times -- which also means she's been divorced either two or three times. She says she was "born knowing how to get married," but isn't it also true that she hasn't yet learned how to stay married? I'm not saying that as an accusation: I have a strong feeling she had very good reasons for getting divorced all the times she did.
My point is, I don't want that path. I want to be sure that I'm compatible with a man before I marry him -- you know, kick the tires, take him for a ride (it's particularly important to me to ride my men before committing to them). I want to see how he handles stress; I want him to see how I handle stress. I want us to travel together -- the kind where you're hungry and tired and possibly lost in a country where you don't speak the language and have to squat to use the bathroom, not long-weekend-sex-by-the-fireplace "travel."
I also want to be sure he and I are a good fit. Does he understand how I like to be loved (ask me questions that challenge me; notice how I look in something new)? Is he willing to listen -- really listen -- when my feelings are hurt, without getting defensive or lashing out? Can we communicate openly about sex? Does he give me the last cookie?
Most of these are things you can't ask on a date or force to happen. They just come up: when someone's parent dies; when one person sees how hot the other person's ex is; when you have to make a decision together about whether to move for one person's job; when there is only one Oreo left in the box. These are things that matter, and I'd rather not be committed 'til death do us part until I'm sure they all function.
I don't just want to get married -- I want a good marriage that lasts.
5. I actually do like being single right now.
Tracy's right: Being married involves sacrifice. Having children especially. I am currently appreciative of getting to sleep through the night and stay late at a bookstore if I want, instead of coming home because someone (or multiple someones) are expecting me. I love getting happy with some Yellowtail and girlfriends, or blowing off work to stay home with a bag of popcorn and a "Love Actually"/"Dirty Dancing"/"Say Anything" marathon.
This is a unique time in my life and I recognize that. I can stay up too late and drink too much and I don't have to answer to anyone. I can spend money on a tropical vacation with friends instead of putting it into a college fund. There are rewards and sacrifices to be made when you become part of a family unit, and I simultaneously look forward to that and also actively appreciate my life as it is now. I am excited to be a wife and a mother someday, and I genuinely like being single right now. Especially during Fleet Week.
6. I don't want to get married just for the sake of getting married.
I've seen too many bad relationships to say that being in one is better than not being in one. I've seen too many good relationships fail to have any false ideas about how just because something is good now, it will stay that way. And I've seen too many bad marriages to want to get married just because it's what you do after a certain age.
When I get married, it will be for the right reasons: because I've truly learned how to give and receive love and found someone who does the same. Because I've found a man who takes care of his friends, is intellectually curious, will rock out to Avril Lavigne with me on a roadtrip and looks good naked. Because I know deep down that this man wants me, not a generic wife, and that I want him, with all his quirks, insecurities, and idiosyncrasies. Mostly, it will be because I've found someone equally committed to self-awareness and personal development as me, so that we can grow together -- gazing outward together and all that.
If I don't find that, I won't get married.
If I do, I might even be the one to propose.
Houston Texans Star Allegedly Steals Own Truck ... Cops Investigating [Update]
Houston Texans Star -- Allegedly Steals Own Truck ... Cops Investigating
EXCLUSIVE
3:29 PM PT -- A rep for Swearinger tells TMZ Sports ... "This incident was an unfortunate misunderstanding, and we are working on resolving the issue."
The rep adds, "DJ is just focused right now on his off-season training and looking forward to the upcoming season." Houston Texans safety D.J. Swearinger is under investigation in Texas ... after the 23-year-old allegedly stole his own truck from a customizer without paying for $20k in upgrades ... TMZ Sports has learned.
It's a bizarre story, but here's how it breaks down:
According to a police report filed in Houston, Swearinger took his 2013 F250 truck to Espi Motors to get his ride pimped out like a boss -- matte black paint with a Batman logo, speakers, new wheels, custom grill, train horn, etc.
But according to Espi, when he came to pick up the whip, he got sticker shock ... and drove it off the lot WITHOUT paying for the work.
Espi tried to track down Swearinger to get the cash, but D.J. went M.I.A. so Espi filed a police report.
Law enforcement sources tell us cops are investigating the situation.
We reached out to Swearinger, his agent and the Texans for comment -- so far, radio silence.
League of Angels II found its way to Amzgame, so come help test it to claim exclusive rewards!
Amzgame is excited to announce the release of their first League of Angels II beta server! To give millions of anxious fans yet another reason to try this MMORPG Amzgame is offering exclusive leveling gear and items to help you get started.
PLAY FOR FREE
Learn more about League of Angels II and find how you can claim your in-game rewards just below!
About League of Angels II
Co-published by GTArcade, League of Angels II is the sequel to the ever-popular MMORPG, League of Angels, and features a new storyline, bundles of new quests, and a vast world ready to be explored. Players who hop in-game during the beta will receive exclusive leveling up gear and items to help them guide the way. AMZGame is happy to add League of Angels II to its platform and hopes to see you all in-game!
Claim your key
Quick and easy as always: to get your very own free gift pack simply fill out the form below with your contact info and we'll send it to you immediately:
Your email address Your name Your email address is only used to prevent multiple requests from the same person. We will not send you any spam or share your info with anyone! We may notify you about future related giveaways. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for further questions.
If you want to participate in our game giveaways and get notified about them be sure to subscribe to our newsletter. Filling the form above and claiming this gift pack will NOT subscribe you!
Link to a downloadable .pdf file including your gift pack code will be included in our email. If you have trouble getting your code simply fill this Key Retrieval form and we'll re-send your key manually as soon as possible.
Important: keys will only work on Servers 1-5!
Code redemption instructions:
Fill out the giveaway form above to claim your code Sign up for LoA II on Amzgame and create a character in the game Click the Event icon in the upper right corner of the screen Paste your New Player Code and click Confirm
Easy peasy!
Note: each account can only redeem this code once, and each code can only be used once! Keys can only be redeemed on Servers 1-5.
Gift pack contents:
Diamond x500
Gold x1,000,000
Stamina x60
Refresh Token x10
Lv.2 EXP Scroll x10
Our gift packs contain everything you need for a good early start in the game, including experience boosts and extra currency to spend.
PLAY FOR FREE
League of Angels II has numerous enhancements and new features worth checking out if you enjoyed the previous game, and we're certain you'll enjoy it so go ahead and give it a try!
Is the F word co-opted by conservatives & consumerist media? Where are real icons & core values? On The Issues Magazine, Winter 2011, considers feminist icons, feminist values and feminist cons.
Fighting the Black Anti-Abortion Campaign: Trusting Black Women
by Loretta J. Ross
Sixty-five billboards were quickly erected in predominantly African American neighborhoods in Atlanta on February 5, 2010. Each showed a sorrowful picture of a black male child proclaiming, "Black Children are an Endangered Species."
Georgia Right to Life and the newly-formed Radiance Foundation spent $20,000 to sponsor the billboards that included the address of a previously unknown anti-abortion website.
This was the opening salvo in a campaign to pass new state legislation attempting to criminalize abortions provided to women of color allegedly because of the "race or sex" of the fetus. Doctors would have been subjected to criminal sanctions and civil lawsuits. Central to the argument of our opponents was the false claim that most, if not all, abortions are coerced.
At Sister Song Women of Color Reproductive Justice Collective, where one of the billboards was only a few blocks away, we knew that this race- and gender-baiting campaign would have national implications, driving a racial wedge in the pro-choice movement and a gender wedge in communities of color. The legislation would also trigger a challenge to Roe v. Wade.
Although SisterSong had not expected this fight, we could not afford to be silent. We surged into action to challenge the marketing of the billboards and the legislation. We formed a coalition for the fight with SPARK Reproductive Justice NOW!, Feminist Women's Health Center, SisterLove, Planned Parenthood of the Southeast Region, and Raksha. We strategized together to use a reproductive justice approach that intersected race and gender as the smartest way to counter this intersectional attack on abortion rights.
We succeeded – this time. We won, in part, by shifting the debate, researching our opponents, understanding the divisions among our opponents, correcting their "facts," and engaging our Civil Rights allies. In the process, we made new discoveries about how to deal with this latest tactic of our opponents.
Identifying the Campaign
Because of the conflation of race, gender and abortion, the billboards very quickly became national news, picked up by CNN, The New York Times, ABC, The LA Times and many others.
Our opponents began a misogynistic attack to shame-and-blame black women who choose abortion, alleging that we endanger the future of our children. After all, many people in our community already believe that black men are an endangered species because of white supremacy. Our opponents used a social responsibility frame to claim that black women have a racial obligation to have more babies  especially black male babies -- despite our individual circumstances.
The campaign also accused Planned Parenthood, the largest single provider of birth control and abortion services in the black community, of targeting the community for "genocide" because of its "racist founder," Margaret Sanger.
Change-up
We had to fight the rhetorical impact of the billboards by reframing the discourse as an attack on the autonomy of black women, shifting the focus away from the sad, beautiful black boy in the advertisements.
They tried to shame-and-blame black women who choose abortion
It was not accidental that they chose a black male child to feature in their messaging, exacerbating gender tensions in the African American community. We decided that the best approach was to emphasize our opponents' negative subliminal messages about black women. Either we were dupes of abortion providers, or we were evil women intent on having abortions  especially of black male children  for selfish reasons. In their first narrative, we were victims without agency unable to make our own decisions, pawns of racist, profit-driven abortion providers. In their second narrative, we were the uncaring enemies of our own children, and architects of black genocide.
We decided on affirming messages that refuted both narratives. We had to manage both positive and negative emotions about abortion.
We repeatedly asserted our own agency as black women who are trustworthy, informed and politically savvy. We insisted that whether black women were pro-choice or pro-life, we were united in believing that black women could reasonably decide for ourselves whether to become parents. Freedom is inherent in black women and we would let no one limit our liberty. We aggressively linked women's rights to civil and human rights.
Our messages: We decided to have abortions. We invited Margaret Sanger to place clinics in black neighborhoods. We are part of the civil and human rights movement. We protected the future of black children, not our opponents. We helped women. They judged them.
We found a resonating message of trusting black women that was widely embraced by African American women. This response forced our opponents to change their messages. They eventually declared—defensively—that they "do trust black women!" We knew we had scored a victory.
Researching the Opposition
We researched our opponents to debunk their emotional appeal that they were defending black children and women. At the same time, we resisted ad hominem attacks.
We kept asking the question, "Where do they get the money to finance their movement?"
With the support of Political Research Associates and the Institute for Research and Education on Human Rights, we looked at their connections and funding.
We learned from contacts that our opponents crafted this strategy in 2009 in a secret meeting on St. Simon's Island in South Georgia between Georgia Right to Life (GRTL) and the Georgia Republican Party. They hoped to build an alliance between white and black conservatives, not only to restrict abortion access in Georgia but to split African American voters.
To provide an African American woman to champion the effort, Georgia Right to Life hired Catherine Davis, who failed twice at winning a Congressional seat as a black Republican. Davis' partner was the Radiance Foundation that designed the billboard. It was set up by an advertising executive, Ryan Bomberger. Bomberger claims that he is the son of a white mother raped by a black man and that his mother gave him up for adoption because she did not believe in abortion. Bomberger says that it is his mission to save black babies, even if it means allowing rapists to choose the mothers of their children.
The billboard campaign was accompanied by a two-hour pseudo-documentary film, Maafa 21, that purported to trace the eugenics movement in promoting genocide against African Americans, and how abortion is part of it. It was created by a white Texan, Mark Crutcher, who has made a career of attacking Planned Parenthood. More than 20,000 copies were distributed free.
We looked at the cross-pollination between the anti-abortion movement and conservative figures from other arenas. Alveda King, niece of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., is employed by the anti-abortion Priests for Life and revealed a close relationship with Fox News' host, Glenn Beck, even speaking at Beck's August 2010 rally that attempted to hijack the symbolic legacy of Dr. King's historic 1963 March on Washington. These associations did not aid her credibility in the African American community. Sarah Palin's endorsement of the billboards tied their campaign to other conservative figures distrusted by the African American community.
We also learned that race and gender became a bait-and-switch tactic by our opponents. When they could not locate any black women who had abortions because of the race of the child – no surprise! – they switched tactics to claim that they were really concerned that Asian American women were having sex-selective abortions, using even more disguised racism against "foreigners" and hyperactivating prejudices against immigrants.
Putting Out Facts
Anti-abortionists misused data and facts. The cornerstone of their genocide theory is that black women have had fewer children over a number of years. In fact, women of all races have fewer children when they have increased access to reproductive health services and educational and job opportunities.
We won by shifting the debate and correcting our opponents' 'facts'
The reality is that black women have always controlled our fertility when we could. We brought knowledge from Africa that helped us practice birth control and have abortions. After the end of slavery, we were determined to end the forced breeding of our bodies, and we cut our birth rate in half in the first 40 years after the Civil War. We continued this intentional decline as part of our racial uplift strategy to have fewer children and provide more opportunities for the ones we did have.
Black women, however, do have three times more abortions than white women, a statistic anti-abortionists used to demonize abortion providers. Black women have more unintended pregnancies, less access to contraception, are more vulnerable to childhood sexual abuse, and experience single motherhood more than our white counterparts. For reproductive justice activists, the solution is to help black women have fewer unintended pregnancies and to eliminate the obstacles that interfere with personal decision making.
Another anti-abortion tactic is to claim that abortion clinics are "always" located in African American communities, especially by Planned Parenthood. In Georgia, we were able to easily refute this claim by presenting demographic data, proving that only four of the 15 abortion clinics in our state are in predominantly black neighborhoods.
We addressed the story of Margaret Sanger and her allegedly racist agenda. We documented that African American leaders had worked with Sanger in the 1930s to ask for clinics in black communities. We challenged our opponents' historical revisionism by citing famous leaders like Mary McLeod Bethune, W.E.B. Dubois, Walter White, Mary Church Terrell, Rev. Adam Clayton Powell, Sr., and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and organizations like the NAACP, the National Urban League and the National Council of Negro Women. We dared them to call these icons of the civil rights movement pawns of a racist agenda.
A Trust of New Leadership
Engaging leaders of Civil Rights organizations was critical to informing the African American community about the true facts of black women's lives. We reached out to Julian Bond, former chair of the NAACP, who had endorsed the 2004 March for Women's Lives. We had a boost when anti-abortion activists chose to picket the 2010 NAACP National Convention, trying to force them to retract their support for reproductive justice. The support of the NAACP opened the door for other Civil Rights organizations to join us, such as Rainbow PUSH.
Women of color are able to build stronger alliances between the Civil Rights and Reproductive Justice movements. It is equally clear that most male-led Civil Rights organizations will not take the lead on gender justice issues on behalf of women, especially on a difficult issue such as abortion.
We stopped the legislation in Georgia in the final two hours of the legislative session. And then we sat down to consider future plans. We created the Trust Black Women Partnership, a long-term strategy to ensure that black women can mobilize wherever such campaigns appear in African American communities, and to generate deeper discussions about black women's autonomy and human rights.
Our opponents will not retreat, but, in fact, will "re-load," as Sarah Palin would say. Georgia Right to Life and the Radiance Foundation, working with Priests for Life and its $10 million war chest, announced plans to spread their campaign. Similar billboards have already appeared in Arkansas, Texas, Missouri and Tennessee.
The anti-abortion opponents changed their tactics: now they claim to promote adoption for black children as a more compassionate alternative to abortion, ignoring the fact that four out of five "hard to place" children in the adoption system are African American.
The struggle in Georgia also highlighted tensions within the pro-choice movement about the leadership of women of color. The pro-choice movement must overcome its historical reluctance to confront accusations of racism and genocide. It must work harder to understand the power of the reproductive justice framework. Mainstream organizations have to step back and let women of color lead when race and gender intersect in abortion politics.
Reproductive justice activists recognize that we all live in a system of white supremacy that affects everyone in America: no one is immune to racism. The failure to recognize this legacy jeopardizes our collective ability to defeat our mutual opponents. Working honestly on race and power relations is not only the right thing to do, but it is the smart thing to do to defeat race- and gender-based attacks on abortion and women's rights.
Loretta J. Ross is National Coordinator of the SisterSong Women of Color Reproductive Health Collective, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Also see A Simple Human Right; The History Of Black Women And Abortion by Loretta J. Ross in the Spring 1994 edition of On The Issues Magazine.
Also see 'Feminists for Life': A built-in contradiction? by Eleanor J. Bader in this edition of On The Issues Magazine.
Also see Republicans Aim to 'Divide and Conquer' by Lu Bailey in this edition of On The Issues Magazine.
Visit The Café of On The Issues Magazine for new stories and updates.
An Oakland man has been charged with five felonies after a shooting attempt in broad daylight on a South Berkeley street last month, authorities report, after dash cam footage from a parked vehicle helped them crack the case.
Berkeley Police detectives arrested Ronnie Leggett, 39, early on the morning of Oct. 5 during the service of several search warrants at locations linked to him in both Oakland and another county, according to court papers.
Leggett is being held at Santa Rita Jail on $600,000 bail.
According to court papers, police believe Leggett is one of two people who got into an argument at about 9 a.m. Sept. 14 in the 2900 block of Sacramento Street, near Ashby Avenue.
During the argument, two shots were fired. Police say Leggett tried but failed to shoot the other person involved in the dispute, according to court documents. No injuries were reported.
Read more about shootings in Berkeley.
Leggett fled the scene, police said, in a green van that was caught on the dash cam of a vehicle parked on Sacramento Street at the time of the shooting. Police were able to use that video to get the van's license plate, which they ultimately linked to Leggett.
Berkeley police briefly closed off Stanton Street that day, near the scene of the shooting, to make sure no one had been injured by gunfire.
On Oct. 5, officers served search warrants at an Oakland address in the 1700 block of 69th Avenue, and at least one other residence in another county.
At the Oakland home, according to court papers, Berkeley Police detectives recovered suspected crack cocaine packaged for sale as well as a loaded handgun with a high-capacity magazine.
Police said they also found a stolen handgun during another warrant search that day at an address tied to Leggett outside the county.
Two days later, according to court papers, the Alameda County district attorney's office charged Leggett with five felonies: assault with a firearm, which is classified as a violent felony that could send him to prison; possession of a controlled substance while also having a loaded Smith & Wesson; possession for sale of cocaine base, which is also known as crack cocaine; possession of a firearm by a felon; and having been found with a large-capacity magazine.
Leggett has three prior convictions going back to 1997: robbery, possession of ammunition and possession of a controlled substance. The most recent conviction was in 2009.
His next court date was not listed in Alameda County sheriff's office records online.
A conviction on the new case could count as a second strike against Leggett, according to charging papers.
Also according to court documents, Leggett was out on bail at the time of the shooting attempt in Berkeley, though no information was immediately available about that prior case.
His bail status results in a special charging allegation that could increase the penalties Leggett may face if convicted in the Berkeley shooting.
Have a question about a local public safety incident? Write to crime@berkeleyside.com. Photographs and videos are always appreciated.
Follow Berkeleyside on Twitter and Facebook or get the latest news in your inbox with Berkeleyside's Daily Briefing. Email us at tips@berkeleyside.com. Support independent local journalism by becoming a Berkeleyside member.
Salmon Confidential reveals how the Canadian government is covering up the real reason behind the rapidly decreasing wild salmon population.
Biologist Alexandra Morton discovers BC's wild salmon are testing positive for dangerous European salmon viruses associated with salmon farming worldwide, a chain of events is set off by government to suppress the findings. Tracking viruses, Morton moves from courtrooms, into British Columbia's most remote rivers, Vancouver grocery stores and sushi restaurants.
As Morton attempts to overcome government and industry roadblocks thrown in her path, she works to bring critical information to the public arena, hopefully in time to save BC's wild salmon.
Salmon Confidential is not just a boring documentary about fish, the film offers viewers an insight into how the Canadian government operates, including rare footage of the bureaucrats tasked with managing the salmon population and the safety of our food supply.
All the big music sellers may have moved to non-DRM MP3 files long ago, but the watermarking of files with your personal information continues. Most users who buy music don't know about the marking of files, or don't care. Unless those files are uploaded to BitTorrent or other P2P networks, there isn't much to worry about.
A list of which music services are selling clean MP3 files without embedded personal information, and which aren't, is here. Apple, LaLa (owned by Apple) and Walmart embed personal information. Amazon, Napster and the rest have resisted label pressure to do so.
A music industry insider who's asked to remain anonymous writes to us:
Hidden in purchased music files from popular stores such as Apple and Walmart is information to identify the buyer and/or the transaction. You won't find it disclosed in their published terms of use. It's nowhere in their support documentation. There's no mention in the digital receipt. Consumers are largely oblivious to this, but it could have future ramifications as the music industry takes another stab at locking down music files. Here's how it works. During the buying process a username and transaction ID are known by the online retailers. Before making the song available for download their software embeds into the file either an account name or a transaction number or both. Once downloaded, the file has squirreled away this personal information in a manner where you can't easily see it, but if someone knows where to look they can. This information doesn't affect the audio fidelity, but it does permanently attach to the file data which can be used to trace back to the original purchaser which could be used at a later date. Retailers aren't talking, but there's ample proof of what's transpiring. Using simple file comparison tools it's possible to verify this behavior by purchasing identical songs using different accounts and see if they match. I emailed support departments for several retailers asking if they would acknowledge these actions and inquiring about what specific information they are embedding. Only 7digital responded saying they don't use any watermarks. What retailers won't say publicly is that the major record labels are requiring this behavior as a precondition to sell their music. Certain record labels have aspirations to use this hidden data to control future access to music in a return to DRM (digital rights management). The labels yearn to control where you can listen to your music and this could be a backdoor for them to achieve it. When personal libraries are stored in the cloud, it becomes possible to retrieve this personal data and match it to a user identity. If the match is successful the song plays, but if not, access can be blocked through a network DRM system such as the one Lala patented (which is now owned by Apple). For the scheme to work record labels need all retailers to support this and so far some notable names are resisting. Napster, Amazon and UK based 7digital are selling clean MP3 files. Files purchased from these stores do not have any user information whatsoever embedded into them. Other retailers such as Apple and Walmart have succumbed to label pressure to embed personal info. Retailers and record labels should have the right to sell dirty files if they wish, however they should be obligated to disclose their practices in advance. Consumers should have this information so they can make an informed buying decision about whether to support dirty or clean MP3 vendors. If Barnes and Noble printed your name on pages of books you purchase that would be important information to know because it would affect the value of your book. Here the clandestine actions are even more worrisome because it could lead to a future lockdown of purchases. If the labels have plans to require cloud vendors to use this information in the future, they should disclose that as well.
Cloud Music And The New DRM
Apple, Google and Amazon are all reportedly in discussions with big labels to provide a cloud music service. These services will allow users to purchase rights to stream music, and they will also allow syncing of songs on your hard drive already so you can play those without repurchasing them (this was the original LaLa model).
The labels, say our source, are demanding that a user can only stream music that is watermarked to their username. Change the username, or try to stream music that you've ripped from a CD, and those songs won't play.
In other words, it's DRM déjà vu all over again.
Colbert: 'Maverick' McCain 'even independent from his own beliefs' David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published: Thursday March 20, 2008
|
Print This Email This After Barack Obama found himself in hot water this week over comments made by his former pastor, Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert said the Illinois Senator could've learned something from Republican candidate John McCain. The Rev. Jeremiah Wright, who recently retired from the church Obama attended, said that the Sept. 11 attacks were "America's chickens coming home to roost." Obama repudiated those remarks in a widely hailed speech this week that dealt with larger issues of race in America. Contrast Wright's comments from the weekend after 9/11, Colbert said, with Religious Right leaders Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson's "touching sermon" just two days after the terrorist attacks: "I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays ... I point the finger in their faces and say you helped this happens." The Colbert Report host noted that McCain condemned Falwell and Robertson as "agents of intolerance" during his 2000 campaign -- more than a year before the 9/11 diatribe -- before saying in the run-up to his current role that he no longer believed that remark. "The man is such a maverick, he is even independent from his own true feelings," Colbert said. "McCain was able to cozy up to preachers who say that gays and Satanists are the same thing -- and it's a non-issue." Obama "did it backwards," Colbert said, suggesting he should have distanced himself from Wright years ago and then quietly cozied up to him, like McCain did to his former "agents of intolerance." Earlier in the show, Colbert waxed on the continuing Democratic primary, where supporters of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are engaged in an online "civil war," playing out at the liberal blog DailyKos, where Clinton bloggers are leaving what they see as the pro-Obama forum. "Apparently, they were getting the crap hoped out of them," Colbert said. "Folks, I love when Democrats spend all of their time in anonymous Internet feuds," he continued. "Anything to keep them off the Casual Encounters section on Craigslist." This video is from Comedy Central's Colbert Report, broadcast March 19, 2008.
Transcript via closed captions :: there's good news, nation. the democrats are killing themselves. that means it's time for another one of my democratic primary coverage. democralypse now. [ laughter ] this week the liberal web sites daily code is a civil war has broken out. clinton bloggers are leaving online saying what they feel is an obama environment. apparently they were getting the chap hoped out of them. i read all 1258 angry comments. [ laughter ] folks, i love when democrats spend all their time in anonymous internet feuds, anything to keep them off thes casual encounters section on craigslist. barack obama was on the defensive over his ties to reverend jeremiah wright. yesterday he responded with a speech on race. press reaction to the peach -- speech was mixed. "the new york times" compared it to addresses by lincoln, fdr and kennedy and called it powerful and frank. the Los Angeles times called it remarkable and historic. oh, but every time i give a speech about how angry black people are they call me a racive. [ laughter ] -- a racist. [ laughter ] nation, the big question was: is this speech enough? i believe there's only one way for senator obama to diffuse the situation and that's tonight's word. [ cheers and applause ] the gospel of john. folks, when it comes to owe balm why's connection to reverend wright, people are judging the wrong sin. some say if obama was at church when the reverend made his statements, he must share wright's sentiments. but everyone knows that people don't pay attention in church. [ laughter ] it's warm. you are thinking about the doughnuts. [ laughter ] your mind wanders. hell, while i was daydreaming for the last 43 years, my church silently sanctioned the sexual abuse of children. who knew? others think it's worse if obama claims he wasn't at church when the reverend made the statements and wasn't aware of wright's views because that would mean obama was in the words of pat buchanan, a man so obtuse he ought not be a security guard at wal-mart let alone president. and buchanan should know. he's just a few years away from being a greeter. the real problem here is not whether the senator attended church or whether he was aware of his reverend's views but how he handled an inflammatory spiritual leader during a presidential campaign. if you want to they how to do it right ask john mccain. he also has a long standing and complicated relationship with controversial preachers, jerryfall we will -- falwell and pat robertson. i'm not comparing robertson and falwell to wright. after all the sunday aafter september 11 reverend wright said this. :: america chickens better behold. :: stephen: chickens? that implies we had the terrorists cooped up in tiny cages for years. we didn't do that until after 9/11. falwell and robertson delivered a touching sermon three days after september 11. :: i really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and gays and lesbians actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle, the ak lieu, all of them who tried to secularize america. i point the finger in their face and say you help this happens. :: i totally concur. :: stephen: it's more inspiring than their sermon about the two sets of footprints on the beach. the second set belongs to a gay dude sneaking up on you. run, jesus! like the out of control reverend wright, falwell and robertson were also condemned by a presidential candidate. during john mccain's 2000 campaign he called them both quote agents of intolerance. but before this campaign mccain did what was necessary to win. here is what he said about them this time. :: i believe that the -- quote -- "christian right" has a major role to play in the republican party. :: do you believe that jerry falwell is still an agent of intolerance. :: no, i don't. :: he embraces them. in 2006 he gave the commencement dress at falwell's liberty university. i'm telling you, folks. the man is such a maverick he's even independent from his own true feelings. mccain was able to cozy up to preachers who say that gays and satanists are the same thing and it's a nonissue. i think that obama's mistake is that he did it backwards. if he denounced reverend wright years ago and quitely embraces him for this election. he could have spent the time he wasted on yesterday's speech focusing on the issues that really matter. and that's the word. we'll be right back.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has condemned the "barbaric murder" of Julhash Mannan, the editor of a gay rights magazine, who also worked with the US embassy in Bangladesh.
"The men and women of the US State Department join me today in condemning the barbaric murder of Mannan," Kerry said in a statement on Monday. "We are profoundly saddened by the loss of one of our own in such a senseless act of violence, and we extend our deepest condolences to his family and loved ones," he said.
Mannan, 35, the editor of Roopban - the only magazine in Bangladesh advocating gay rights, and his friend Tanay Fahim were murdered at Mannan's flat in Dhaka's Kalabagan on Monday. He was an ex-protocol officer of the US embassy and a cousin of former Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni.
Also read US outraged at murder of LGBT magazine editor in Bangladesh
Mannan was a "trusted colleague, a beloved friend, and advocate for human rights and dignity in Bangladesh. In many ways, he embodied the spirit of the people of Bangladesh and the pride with which they guard their traditions of tolerance, peace, and diversity," Kerry said.
Offering full support to the government of Bangladesh in bringing the perpetrators to justice, he said the US remains committed to the principles that were so important to Mannan. "We promise to support all those who work on behalf of tolerance and human rights in Bangladesh and around the world," he said.
Mannan first joined the US Embassy in Bangladesh as a Protocol Specialist, serving for eight years in that capacity before joining USAID in September 2015. USAID Administrator Gayle Smith also condemned the killings, terming it a "cruel and inhumane" act of violence.
Mannan was the kind of person willing to fight for what he believed in, someone ready to stand up for his own rights and the rights of others, he said. A dedicated and courageous advocate for human rights, he sought to shape a society that was more diverse and inclusive.
Also read US condemns barbaric murder of blogger Nazimuddin Samad in Bangladesh
He believed in the people of Bangladesh, and he strove to make the world a better place for everyone, Smith added. The US state department spokesperson John Kirby also expressed outrage over the killings. "We're outraged by the barbaric attack," Kirby said.
In a statement, the Committee to Protect Journalists also condemned the murder and critiqued the Bangladesh government for "doing little" to ensure safety of at-risk groups. "Authorities must immediately investigate the murder, and bring the perpetrators to justice," said Bob Dietz, CPJ's Asia program coordinator. "Journalists and intellectuals are under attack in Bangladesh and the government has done little to end the murderous mayhem or to ensure the safety of at-risk groups," he said.
There have been systematic assaults in Bangladesh in recent months specially targeting minorities, secular bloggers, intellectuals and foreigners.
Profiling their Top 100 players in the NFL list, NFL Network caught up with Aqib Talib to discuss his placement at 79th on that list. When asked straight out about his ranking, Talib said, "When it comes to the cornerbacks, man, it should only be about four cornerbacks who you should consider to be in front of me."
In case you were wondering, those four other cornerbacks happen to be: Richard Sherman, Patrick Paterson, Darrelle Revis and Joe Haden. Here's to hoping his confidence is well placed!
From there, they started talking New England Patriots. Naturally, they asked about the Wes Welker hit that ended his season in last year's AFC Championship game. Talib noted he watched that play 100 times and insisted it wasn't an intentional hit saying, "Me and Wes, we are good. It's football, man. I'm 100% sure Wes didn't do it on purpose."
You could tell the big contract that Bill Belichek shoved Darrelle Revis' way irks Talib a little, but he brushed off the question with class. "Bill sure didn't want to give me that money, so hey, man, he gave it to Revis. It is what it is (laughter)." Out of the entire interview, that may have been the best line.
Aqib Talib He like to set the record for touchdowns and beat Tom in the AFC Championship. You got to give it to Peyton!
With Peyton Manning and Tom Brady being the rivals they are on the field, Talib was pigeonholed into giving his opinion on which was the better quarterback.
"You've got to go with Peyton Manning," Talib said. "I mean, Tom is my good friend of mine, but Peyton had an awesome year. He tore it up! He like to set the record for touchdowns and beat Tom in the AFC Championship. You got to give it to Peyton."
Not to be left off the list, Von Miller also came in a few spots ahead of Talib, but 67 spots lower than his ranking in the previous year. It's remarkable Miller even made list having only played in just 9 games for the Denver Broncos in 2013, which Talib touched on in his response: "Ah no, definitely not. Von is definitely one of the top pass rushers in the game. If he had been on the field, he would have been Top 10 for sure."
Just a few moments ago, Clement Lefebvre, leader of the Linux Mint project, informs users of the popular, Ubuntu-based distribution that the servers where the Linux Mint website is hosted have been hacked to point the download links to specially crafted ISOs.
According to Mr. Lefebvre, it appears that a group of hackers created a modified Linux Mint ISO, which included a backdoor. Then, they hacked into the Linux Mint website and modified the download links to trick users into downloading the malicious ISO image.
"I'm sorry I have to come with bad news. We were exposed to an intrusion today. It was brief and it shouldn't impact many people, but if it impacts you, it's very important you read the information below," said Clement Lefebvre in the announcement.
It would appear that only the Linux Mint 17.3 Cinnamon edition has been compromised at the moment of writing this article, and those of you who downloaded these ISO images on February 20, 2016, need not install them on your computer, but delete them as soon as possible.
Things are under control, for now
Clement Lefebvre assures users that if they downloaded any other Linux Mint edition from the website with the exception of the Cinnamon one, they are safe, and they don't need to do anything at this point.
Again, only those who downloaded the Linux Mint Cinnamon ISOs on February 20 are affected, and they need to delete those images from their computers. Also, if you already managed to install Linux Mint on your computer using the respective images, you need to re-download new ISOs from the project's website and reinstall the OS.
Wiping the drive and changing your passwords is also recommended!
At the moment, it appears that the whole situation is under control, and the modified download links now point to the correct ISO images for the Linux Mint Cinnamon edition. More technical details about the hack can be found on the Linux Mint blog, where Clement Lefebvre said that the hacked ISOs were hosted on a Bulgarian server.
"Both lead to Sofia, Bulgaria, and the name of 3 people over there. We don't know their roles in this, but if we ask for an investigation, this is where it will start," said the Linux Mint leader. "If more efforts are made to attack our project and if the goal is to hurt us, we'll get in touch with authorities and security firms to confront the people behind this."
Mr. Lefebvre recommends users who are affected by the hack to disconnect their computers from the Internet as soon as possible, wipe the disk drive and change all of their passwords, especially those used for email and other sensitive websites. If you were affected, please inform the Linux Mint leaders immediately!
The Muslim Council of Britain has confirmed worshippers were targeted in the attack (Picture: Rex Shutterstock)
A man has been arrested after a van was driven into worshippers near a north London mosque.
Initial reports suggested that there were two people killed in the incident, but police later confirmed that one person had died.
Homeless man doused in water by rail staff is a convicted killer
The Evening Standard is reporting that a man armed with a knife jumped out of the van stabbed at least one person. However, this has not been confirmed.
Witnesses described seeing police giving emergency medical treatment to victims after the incident at shortly after 12am in Seven Sisters Road, Finsbury Park.
The Muslim Council of Britain has confirmed that worshippers leaving Finsbury Park Mosque were targeted when a van ran into them, adding: ‘Our prayers are with the victims.'
They are believed to have been targeted after breaking the Ramadan fast.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chairman of the mosque, Mohammed Kozbar told The Sun: ‘Whoever did this, he did it to hurt people and it's a terrorist attack.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
A body lies on the ground where the van drove through crowds of people (Picture: Rex Shutterstock)
A group of men is seen holding the suspect to the ground as they scream for the help of police, in video posted to social media.
Worshippers were witnessed trying to help the stricken as they lay on the street during the chaotic scenes.
Police officers were also filmed attempting to resuscitate a person lying on the pavement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Abdikadar Warfa said: ‘I saw a man underneath the van. He was bleeding. My friend said he had to lift the van, I was busy with a man who tried to escape.
‘My friend said he said some words, but I didn't hear it. They (people who were hit) were mostly young. They are very bad.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
People tend to many of the victims of the incident in Finsbury Park (Picture: Rex Shutterstock)
‘I tried to stop him (the suspect), some people were hitting him but I said stop him and keep him until the police came.
Advertisement
‘He was trying to run away but people overpowered him. He was fighting to run away.'
Video posted online of the aftermath of the attack showed a scene of chaos as people tried to help the injured.
One man could have been seen giving CPR to a victim in the street while another man's head injury was treated with a makeshift dressing.
People could be heard shouting and screaming amid the chaos and bloodstains were visible on the pavement.
Witnesses at the scene said an elderly man who had collapsed at a bus stop was being tended to when the vehicle struck pedestrians.
A dozen police officers stood guard on a balmy Monday morning at the cordon at the junction of Yonge Park and Seven Sisters Road while several locals looked on.
Advertisement
One resident told the Press Association he jumped out of the way as the van struck pedestrians.
The man, who did not want to be named, said: ‘The gentleman went straight down this road, people were just conversing, talking, just doing what we're doing.
‘And he just came into all of us.
‘There was a lot of people. We got told to move straight away.
‘I was shocked, shocked, shocked. There were bodies around me.
‘Thank God I just moved to the side, I just jumped. Everyone is hurt. Everyone is actually hurt.'
Police officers help victims at the scene (Picture: Rex Shutterstock)
Mr Mohammed Shafiq, Chief Executive of the Ramadhan Foundation said: ‘I utterly condemn the senseless and evil van attack against Muslim worshippers outside the Finsbury Park Mosque in London. According to eye witnesses this was a deliberate attack against Innocent Muslims going about their life.
‘We should make clear that if this attack is confirmed as a deliberate terrorist attack then this should be classed as an act of terrorism. The British Muslim community requires all decent people to stand with us against this evil violence.
‘Rampant Islamaphobia has been on the rise for a number of years and those on the far right have perpetuated hatred against Muslims. They should be called out for their hatred.
‘The days ahead will be difficult, but with unity and tolerance we will prevail. We will not allow these far right extremists to divide our diverse communities.
‘Enough is enough, my condolences and prayers for all the victims and their families. They are in my prayers.'
A large cordon has been formed around the area (Picture: Reuters)
Dozens of police officers flooded the area after the incident at Finsbury Park (Picture: Reuters)
‘We call it a terrorist attack as we called it in Manchester, Westminster and London Bridge.
‘The van drove over people who were leaving late prayers. They were gathering in Seven Sisters Road.
‘I heard there are fatalities but I don't want to jump to conclusions. My concern now is the casualties who have been affected.'
The Metropolitan Police described the attack as a ‘major incident' and said one person was in custody and there were ‘a number of casualties'.
The attack appeared to target people breaking the Ramadan fast fast (Picture: Reuters)
London Ambulance Service said: ‘We have sent a number of resources to an incident in Seven Sisters Road.'
Pictures posted on social media show more than a dozen emergency vehicles at the scene.
Cynthia Vanzella said on Twitter: ‘Horrible to watch police officers doing cardiac massage at people on the floor, desperately trying to save them. I just hope they did.'
The chairman of the mosque has said it is a terror attack (Picture: Reuters)
A helicopter could be heard circling over Finsbury Park as police erected a large cordon in the area.
During Ramadan – the name of the ninth month in the Islamic calendar and the holiest time of their year – Muslims fast daily from dawn to dusk and focus on prayer, purification and acts of charity.
This year Ramadan began on May 26 and ends on Saturday June 24.
At least 10 people are believed to have been injured in the incident (Picture: Reuters)
Finsbury Park mosque used to be infamous as the stamping ground of hook-handed hate preacher Abu Hamza.
A number of terrorists were linked to the mosque, including shoebomber Richard Reid, who attempted to detonate explosives on an American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami in 2001.
It was raided and shut down and later reclaimed by the local Muslim community, who have transformed it into a place which actively promotes better community relations across faiths.
RE: Meet The Press
From:SargeM@dnc.org To: Comm_D@dnc.org Date: 2016-05-22 13:23 Subject: RE: Meet The Press
Mark Cuban: 3rd party run? - Not familiar enough with Libertarian platform Bloomberg didn't want to run because he didn't think he could win. Is that a fair reason? - Of course - It's a lot of hard work, have to be willing to do it Obama Presidency? - Did a lot of good things - Made some foreign policy mistakes Obamacare effect on businesses? - Not much effect - Helped entrepreneurs leave jobs Open to being vice president for HRC? - Of course - She would have to move more to the center VP for Trump? - Same thing - But he appears to be suggesting things based on last person he talked to - Probably couldn't tell you anything about any of the SCOTUS justices he named Trump temperament? - No evidence he wants to change - He is looking for short cuts Running in 2020 or 2024? - Too much uncertainty yet Picks the Thunder to win NBA Finals ________________________________ Panel: Alex Castellanos Joy-Ann Reid Robert Draper Helene Cooper Reid: Sanders has lower unfavorables because he isn't well-known - Trump is vulnerable if things come out that undermine the things people like about him (populist appeal) Draper on Trump saying Oakland and Ferguson were most dangerous in the world: - Trump has not demonstrated a desire to learn about issues with granularity Reid: Naming Ferguson and Oakland is not even a dog-whistle, it's a bull-horn ________________________________ "Data Download" look at new Trump voters In Virginia: - Most are first time GOP primary voters, but were already general election voters - Only 6% are actually new voters - Not enough to swing election based on 2012 numbers Only in New Hampshire did Trump bring in enough new voters (13%) to potentially swing a state ________________________________ Panel: Alex Castellanos Joy-Ann Reid Robert Draper Castellanos: HRC can't put away an old socialist who honeymooned in USSR Reid: HRC in her interview sounds like a strategist Draper: Record-high unfavorables on both sides Sanders people are passionate. HRC supporters just want a Democratic president ________________________________ Hillary Clinton: Talks about having far more votes and pledged delegates Sanders demands for rules changes and platform? - We will talk with him and listen to him - Will do my part to unify the party, and expect the same from him - I did that in 2008 in a much closer race - Far fewer differences between Sanders and me than with Republicans California debate invitation? - We will consider it - Will stay focused on Trump because I will be the nominee - Trump is not a normal candidate: attacking UK, meet with North Korea - GOP businessman donor told me he was supporting me Trump matchup? - 2 million more votes than Trump - He has plurality of Republicans - No evidence he has ideas to make America great, just to make himself greet - Not running for anybody's third term, just my own first term Big idea of your candidacy? - We are stronger together - Bipartisanship like 1990s You are a polarizing figure. High unfavorables? - Not as high as Trump - I work across the aisle Putting Bill Clinton in charge of economy? - Will ask my husband who has a great track record - Balanced budget and surplus in 90s - Want to renegotiate NAFTA VP qualifications? - Somebody who you're sure can do the job as president Cabinet? - Open to people who haven't served in elected office - Business people with real success, not fake success - Trump needs to release tax returns
VANCOUVER, B.C. (October 29, 2013) – The BC Civil Liberties Association (BCCLA) is taking its fight for physician-assisted dying for the gravely ill to the Supreme Court of Canada.
The BCCLA has filed for leave to appeal a recent BC ruling that denied seriously ill Canadians the right to choose an assisted death. In a rare move, the BCCLA has also asked the Court to fast-track its decision to hear the case and to speed up the timeline for hearing the appeal if the Court grants leave. Last year the BC Supreme Court ruled that the ban on assisted dying violates the rights of the gravely ill, but the decision was overturned at the BC Court of Appeal.
Elayne Shapray, a woman who suffers from multiple sclerosis (MS) who is seeking the right to die with dignity, has stepped forward in the BCCLA's challenge to the laws that criminalize assisted dying.
Ms. Shapray filed an affidavit in support of the BCCLA's application to the Supreme Court of Canada stating she is tormented by the knowledge she may become trapped in an unbearable dying process and forfeit the ability to take her own life.
Ms. Shapray states, “I would, for obvious reasons, prefer a peaceful death surrounded by my loved ones and many friends. As matters now stand, I will have to act alone, while I still can. My choices for bringing about my death unassisted are severely limited – self starvation, over medication or some violent self inflicted injury. I know that the actual manner in which I take my life will be wrenching for the people that care for me.”
Grace Pastine, litigation director for the BCCLA, states, “We are asking the Supreme Court of Canada to fast-track its decision to hear the case and to speed up the timeline for hearing the appeal if the Court grants leave. This is a matter of extreme urgency in which the fate of gravely ill Canadians hangs in the balance. The government has made clear that it will not bring the issue of physician-assisted dying before Parliament. The Supreme Court of Canada is the only place seriously ill Canadians can look to protect their constitutional rights.”
Read more about the case
One of the last things that Michael Garland Elliott ever heard was that U.S. President Donald Trump had been impeached.
He hadn't. But just hearing it was enough for Elliott to take a “final, gentle breath,” and for his earthly work to be concluded, said an obituary published in The Oregonian newspaper.
Elliott died on April 6, “surrounded by people who loved him dearly and cared for him selflessly during the last months of his life.”
His age was uncertain — he wasn't entirely sure which year he was born in.
Michael had no family left, but he was survived by Teresa Elliott, his ex-wife and best friend, the obituary said.
“Though their marriage ran aground, their friendship only grew stronger and hers was the last voice Mike heard.”
READ MORE: Woman pens funny obit for grandmother, just as she would have wanted it
Teresa was the one who told Michael that Trump was impeached, The New York Daily News reported.
“I knew that would bring him comfort and it did,” she told the newspaper.
Michael was a “news junkie” who “hated [Trump's] effing guts,” Teresa said. And he conveyed his dislike for the president until he wasn't able to do it anymore.
But there was more to him than a distaste for Trump.
Michael was also a golf enthusiast who was a founding member of Portland's The Reserve golf club.
He was once so frustrated by a shot that he threw every one of the clubs in his bag at a tree.
Then, when his health declined and he couldn't play golf anymore, he “threw things at the TV instead,” the obituary read.
READ MORE: ‘I think I was a pretty nice guy': Cape Breton man writes his own blunt obit
Michael isn't the only person who referenced the 2016 election in their obituary.
Mary Anne Noland died last year at the age of 68.
Her obituary opened as follows:
“Faced with the prospect of voting for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, Mary Anne Noland of Richmond chose, instead, to pass into the eternal love of God.”
Jim Noland, Mary Anne's husband of 46 years, said one of their sons penned the line as a way of carrying on her sense of humour, he told NBC 12.
So on to our WWE Survivor Series 2015 – Betting Tips. It looked dreadful earlier this week with very few bets available, but it's picked up this week.
With the sheer lack of matches announced we can only do two accumulators, but we are going big, no, huge on one bet, because I think there's a mistake. More on that below!
WWE Survivor Series – Treble
Here is a safe treble. A match has been announced: with Dolph Ziggler taking on Tyler Breeze, who the latter I think will win. Roman won't go out in the semi final, and Charlotte should have a successful first defence here.
Charlotte to beat Paige
Tyler Breeze to beat Dolph Ziggler
Roman Reigns to beat Alberto Del Rio
I would put 3 points on this bet – you can read about the points system here.
If 1 point is £1, you can win £7.68 off a £3 bet with Sky Bet
WWE Survivor Series – Five-Fold
A little bit more advanced includes the other two announced matches. Dean Ambrose should beat Kevin Owens, but the risk is The Wyatts beating The Brothers of Destruction. Part of me can see this happen and it is a bit of a shock. 2/1 is good value, but not as good value as the bet below.
I would put 1 points on this bet – you can read about the points system here.
If 1 point is £1, you can win £9.87 off a £1 bet with Sky Bet
WWE Survivor Series – Special Bets
So here are the special bets for the WWE Survivor Series 2015. With an absolute doozy. You see, 888Sport have a bet on who will be representing The Wyatt Family against The Brothers of Destruction. Now, according to I believe WWE Smackdown last week, they announced that it will be Bray Wyatt & Braun Strowman. Of course it's WWE and it could change, however it seems too good to pass up. I've lumped a fiver on it.
Finally, the other bet is I've bet on Sheamus to cash in the Money in the Bank. It seems like it will happen soon, and there are some good odds on this. I've stuck a pound on this bet.
Sheamus to cash in Money in the Bank – £2.20 off a £1 bet at Paddy Power
Braun Strowman & Bray Wyatt to represent The Wyatt Family against The Brothers of Destruction – £7.75 off a £5 bet with 888 Sport
These are my bets, but what are yours? Please leave them below in your comments.
Feds say Hastert sexually abused five boys
Dennis Hastert's $3.5 million secret is out.
The man who was once second in line to the presidency sexually abused five students while a wrestling coach at Yorkville High School decades ago, according to a new court filing by federal prosecutors.
A sentencing memorandum filed late Friday finally ripped back the curtain on damning sexual abuse claims at the heart of an indictment leveled against Hastert last May — claims that haunted the former U.S. House Speaker enough that he paid a fortune to hide them from the world.
Claims that he performed sex acts on teenage boys in a motel room and locker room.
The hush money didn't work. Neither did allegations in February 2015 that he was a victim of extortion by one of his past victims. Now prosecutors have asked a judge to sentence Hastert to no more than six months in prison at a hearing April 27, acknowledging five minors were victims of Hastert's alleged abuse in a 26-page sentencing memo.
“He made them feel alone, ashamed, guilty and devoid of dignity,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven Block wrote. “While defendant achieved great success, reaping all the benefits that went with it, these boys struggled, and all are still struggling now with what defendant did to them.”
Hastert's sentencing day will be the worst of his life, his lawyers have acknowledged. They have asked for probation for the ailing, once-beloved 74-year-old pariah in an apologetic plea for mercy filed Wednesday. Hastert has pleaded guilty only to a financial crime.
But Block said Hastert's “history and characteristics are marred by stunning hypocrisy.” After the feds first approached him in December 2014 about suspicious bank withdrawals, prosecutors say Hastert's lawyers called investigators and claimed he was the victim of an extortion plot involving a “false claim.” Hastert later agreed to secretly record conversations with Individual A, whose identity has not been publicly revealed.
The feds said they first heard Individual A's voice when he was secretly recorded by Hastert in a phone call on March 2, 2015. The two were discussing a meeting where Individual A could collect a $100,000 payment. But Individual A made no threats and did not seem angry when Hastert asked for more time to get the money.
During a second secretly recorded phone conversation on March 22, 2015, the feds told Hastert to accuse Individual A of making a false claim, but Hastert failed to do so. So agents approached Individual A on March 27, 2015. That's when the feds say Individual A claimed Hastert molested him in a motel room at a wrestling camp when he was 14.
The feds say Individual A confronted Hastert in 2010, asking him how many other kids Hastert had molested. Hastert allegedly said, “there were only two.” Hastert ultimately agreed to pay $3.5 million in hush money to keep the sexual abuse allegations a secret. Individual A collected $1.7 million of it.
Prosecutors go into graphic detail in the memo about the sexual abuse not only of Individual A, but also of Individuals B, C and D as well as the late Yorkville High School wrestling team manager Stephen Reinboldt. Reinboldt's sister claims her brother was a victim of Hastert's abuse, and prosecutors agreed, writing: “Reinboldt was a victim and defendant was his abuser.”
Individual D recalled Hastert pulling a La-Z-Boy style chair “in direct view of the shower stalls in the locker room where he sat while the boys showered.” Individuals B and D claim Hastert performed sex acts on them when they were 14 and 17, respectively. Individual C claims Hastert “brushed his hand against Individual C's genitals.”
“In October 1979, in the midst of high school wrestling season, defendant chose to pursue a public life in politics,” Block wrote in the memo. “Defendant's sexual abuse of boys on his team occurred before this decision and was still occurring at the time defendant chose to enter public life.”
Block's sentencing memo is the first acknowledgement by prosecutors of the sexual abuse. The case has been shrouded in mystery from the start, and U.S. District Judge Thomas M. Durkin has even recently held hearings in the case without notice to the public.
The sexual abuse allegations were quickly leaked to the public last year, but Block said in his memo that such leaks are “destructive of the criminal justice process itself.”
Meanwhile, Hastert has yet to publicly acknowledge the sexual abuse allegations — he even filed a motion Friday that suggested he is still not ready to do so.
But Block put it plainly: Hastert “used his position of trust as a teacher and coach to touch a child's genitals and then undress and ask the child for a back massage in a motel room.
“There is no ambiguity; defendant sexually abused Individual A.”
Hastert Sentencing Memorandum
The producers of the James Bond films were at an impasse. Their franchise had seemingly run out of gas. It had grown stale, safe, rote. It was time for a change, so they rolled the dice on a shakeup. They'd take the series back to its roots, back to Ian Fleming's original material. They'd dial things back and re-ground a property that had tipped too far into the absurd. And they'd hire a serious actor to take over the role of 007.
If this scenario sounds familiar, it should - it's beat for beat the sequence of events that led to the casting of Daniel Craig in 2006's Casino Royale. But it's also exactly what happened in 1987, when Bond producers reversed course on over a decade of camp, determined to bring Bond into the modern era, and give their hero a little real-world gravitas. Though they were largely successful in this endeavor, they were a couple decades early for the zeitgeist, and as a result The Living Daylights didn't get the public reception it deserved.
Much like its 2006 descendant, The Living Daylights uses writer Ian Fleming's writing as a starting point. But where Casino Royale saved Fleming's novel for the last 90 minutes of its narrative, The Living Daylights uses its short story namesake as a jumping off point, in which 007 is tasked with killing an unknown sniper who's gunning for a would-be defector. The short story is a tasty, concise bit of Fleming business, with a taciturn Bond unhappy over being trotted out as a trigger man for the dirty gig no one wants. “This isn't the sort of job you can ask a regular soldier to do,” Tanner tells him. Bond accepts the assignment with grim resignation, but when the sniper turns out to be a woman - a cellist he'd idly observed going to and fro in the days leading up to the shooting - he balks at killing her, opting to neutralize her without lethal force, and kind of hoping he gets fired for disobeying orders.
This grouchy, world-weary Bond with a dirty taste in his mouth about the job turned out to be the perfect starting point for Timothy Dalton's 007. Where Roger Moore cut the figure of a bemused, jovial bon vivant who also happened to be a secret agent, Dalton hews closer to Fleming's Bond at his most morose - jaw clenched, seemingly at the end of his patience at all times. This is the 007 Fleming wrote about - a guy who's come to hate his work, if not for the fact that when he's not on the job, he's restless and bored. Someone who's hollowed himself out and filled the void with duty and responsibility, their life given over to Her Majesty's Secret Service. Dalton embodies many of the characteristics for which Daniel Craig would be earning praise for 19 years later.
There's a sense throughout The Living Daylights of the filmmakers looking for the perfect balance of realism and the trademark “Bond Sparkle.” Bond Sparkle: those grace notes of over-the-top silliness that the series allows itself here and there, because it's a James Bond movie and there's a rich history of such stuff. Bond Sparkle varies from film to film, and its effectiveness likewise varies. Connery wearing a tuxedo under his wetsuit in Goldfinger? Possibly the first bit of Bond Sparkle. Moore running across the tops of alligators in Live and Let Die, or recognizing his own theme song being played by a snake charmer in Octopussy? Classic Bond Sparkle. Bond snowboarding to the Beach Boys in A View To A Kill? Unfortunate Bond Sparkle. Craig's Bond inexplicably owning a weapon-filled Aston Martin DB5 complete with ejector seat in 2012's Skyfall? Friends, that's some good Bond Sparkle.
Here the Bond Sparkle shines through in weird ways: MI6 rocketing the defector Koskov (Jeroen Krabbé) across the border via the Trans Siberian Pipeline; Bond riding a cello case down a snow covered hillside; M's office recreated in full aboard an airplane (a nice callback to M's office inside a submarine in You Only Live Twice, or aboard the wreck of the RMS Queen Elizabeth in The Man With the Golden Gun). This new Bond is grounded, sure, but it's as if leaving these bits of outlandishness behind never even occurred to the filmmakers. (A scene in which Bond escapes a Tangier rooftop chase via flying carpet was, perhaps wisely, excised.)
What makes these classic Bond moments a strange fit in The Living Daylights is the comparatively drab environment in which they play out. Cinematographer Alec Mills does a beautiful job, but aside from a detour to Tangier and an Afghanistan-set climax, this is one of the chilliest, grayest Bond films in the series, with the bulk of its action taking set in Bratislava, Vienna, and London. Even at the height of the Cold War, Connery's early films had a Technicolor crackle that kept reality at arm's length. Dalton's Bond is very clearly in the real world here, and it makes for an uneven stew when the Aston Martin grows skis and slices pursuing cars in half via laser beam.
Other, external elements alter the Bond formula. Though an implied tryst with a stranger (moments after two 00s are murdered) ends the film's pre-title sequence, it's notable that at the the height of the AIDS scare, Dalton's Bond is not only monogamous - he's practically friendzoned by lead Bond Girl Kara Milovy (Maryam D'Abo), relegated to platonic protector until they legitimately fall for one another. Moore successfully shied away from Connery's cruel streak, and in turn Dalton moves past Moore's casual dalliances. Dalton plays 007 as a nearly monastic civil servant, putting duty above all else. Even the cut of his suit has a strangely celibate, priestly quality!
When he falls for Kara, it's maybe the first time we see Bond having actual feelings for a woman since On Her Majesty's Secret Service. Here again, Dalton's Bond foreshadows this year's model. This Bond still fucks, but only when his heart compels him to do so.
Over and over, it's a movie that's trying to reimagine what a Bond film is, but it's doing so in an era where such reimaginings were at best tenuous endeavors. (Keep in mind, two years later, pundits would be wondering whether Tim Burton's “dark, serious” departure from the Adam West Batman was a good idea.) So while the producers promised a Bond that was new and different, many of the cozy 007 trappings remain. John Barry returns for his final Bond score, delivering a solid, if synth-flavored, piece of work as his 007 swan song. Bond's traditional meeting with M (Robert Brown) is here, if a bit more po-faced than any such meeting we've seen before. The obligatory scene with Q (Desmond Llewelyn), complete with the Quartermaster's heavily dated innovations (let us never again speak of the rocket-launching “ghetto blaster”), occurs on schedule. Bond's flirtation with Moneypenny (Caroline Bliss) is likewise intact, though the secretary has been reconfigured as a young, randy nerd, aggressively inviting Bond to her place to listen to her Barry Manilow records. Felix Leiter (John Terry) is here as well, with feathered hair and looking like he's been clothes shopping at Chess King. John Rhys-Davies fills the Kerim Bey/Draco/Columbo role of Bond's exotic ally. Everyone is fine, but the inclusion of these elements, set as they are against Dalton's portrayal, don't have the crackle of reinvention that they did when they finally surfaced during Craig's tenure. As a result, here they feel obligatory, almost vestigial.
At the same time, it's hard to fault the movie for clinging to franchise traditions when its attempts to evolve don't always pan out. The plot - a conscious move away from the megalomaniacal villains of yore - is about an arms-for-opium deal orchestrated by some not very colorful villains (though making the antagonist an American, played by Joe Don Baker, was somewhat novel for the series). More realistic, but not exactly the stuff of background playacting fantasies. This more grownup flavor of Bond was very likely catnip to old-school Fleming fans who were tired of seeing their favorite literary character straightening his tie through increasingly outlandish adventures, but for audiences expecting the whizz-bang of the previous decade, much of this new Bond was a bit too close to the dreary real world. The Living Daylights made money, and it got decent reviews, but something kept this new 007 from really being embraced by the world at large.
Dalton and Eon would continue to feel their way around this new terrain, leaning into ‘80s action Joel Silver territory (and a reduced budget) with Licence To Kill, the film whose box office convinced Eon to never again release a Bond film in the summer. After that, financial and legal issues kept Bond 17 from happening on schedule, and when plans resumed in 1994, the actor had decided to walk away. Pierce Brosnan stepped in, and Dalton's intense, back-to-Fleming iteration of Bond was mothballed in exchange for Brosnan's suave, wry take.
With 30 years and four Daniel Craig Bond films in our rearview, it's of course much easier to appreciate what Dalton was going for during his tenure as 007. And if the past four Bond films have proven that the Dalton era was onto something, they've also shown that it's not all that easy to get this “realistic Bond” tone right every time. The Living Daylights stand today as an example that the series, when it needed to, was never afraid of exploring something new. That's good news for the future.
Beyond that, in the context of a 55-year legacy, it's evident that every Bond actor's first at-bat is inherently their best (or at least most engaged) performance, and watching Timothy Dalton essay the role of James Bond for the first time is an absolute joy. He's all smoldery anger and seething with rage, and the concept of fun is so foreign to him that when he laughs it's a weird thing to see! But Dalton is excited, committed, present. That's captivating. Similarly, the Bond films in which the franchise is trying to find its way - those outliers that don't quite adhere to the formula - are frequently the most compelling. When you're absorbing a 24-film series, you're grateful for the ones that veer off-road a bit. On those two fronts, The Living Daylights stands alongside Dr. No, Live and Let Die, and Casino Royale as one of the franchise's most rewatchable.
It wouldn't be fair to single out one tragedy and define an entire movement by it – so don't get me wrong, that's not what I'm trying to do here. But the fact is that I come into contact with people every day who've been rendered totally helpless and hopeless by the recovery culture. Certainly, everyone who undergoes an intervention and treatment on the A&E network's popular television show Intervention doesn't commit suicide, but this guy in the video below did, and maybe we should think about what he was taught in rehab. His case is the extreme example and outcome of what I see in people who've been involved in the recovery culture daily. Check the video of this recent local news report (I saved the video and put it up on my youtube account because someone already removed a clip of his Intervention episode, and I wouldn't be surprised if the original of this news report video gets taken down too):
Notice what Dillon says at the end of the video:
I did more drugs when I got back from rehab, than I did before I went in, because, I wasn't done using”
To Dillon's parents: so did I, and so have countless people. The reason for this may be related to the fact that when you go to rehab, it gets pounded into your head that “you're not done yet” or that “you haven't had enough” or that “you haven't hit rock bottom yet.” In some sense, even though he was in control of his actions, your son may have been a victim of beliefs that were taught to him by the very people who were supposed to be helping him. Personally, I was told relentlessly at my first rehab that I hadn't had enough yet, wasn't done yet, and that I'd be shooting up soon – and I conformed to that message, starting to use drugs intravenously within a week of leaving rehab!
The next part of Dillon's statement which is instructive is this:
Shortly after that I realized that I had no power over my addiction whatsoever.
This too is a major message of the recovery culture – it's their cornerstone – Powerlessness – Disease – etc. They never stop talking about it. They teach people that they will always be addicts, that they will always crave drugs for the rest of their lives, and that there is no escaping it, but only trudging through life resisting and coping with it one day at a time.
People use drugs and alcohol because they derive some pleasure from it – bottom line. This is a simple explanation, and provides an out for the person who feels they might need a change – explore your options and choose to find a life that makes you happier than excessive substance use. Instead of this though, when we send people to rehab we teach them that they must hit rock bottom, that they're powerless, and that a disease is causing their behavior. All of this leaves them in a terrifyingly incomprehensible world. They learn to be helpless. They learn that they can't change.
Suicide is something people choose because they believe it will be better than continuing living. They're hopeless that life can get any better. Does anyone think that maybe when you teach someone that they can't control their own behavior, yet their behavior is leading to constant miserable consequences, that maybe they might be behaving very logically when they subsequently decide to kill themselves?
Don't get me wrong please. I'm not saying Dillon should've killed himself. I'm only saying that from his perspective, with the beliefs he'd learned, it made sense. In reality, it doesn't make sense – because in reality, his addiction was not a disease, and he didn't need to be stuck with it for the rest of his life. He could've learned a view of addiction that made sense and was helpful, if he'd been exposed to some other ideas.
I constantly receive angry emails from people incredulously asking why I would bash the recovery culture, from now on, I'll refer to this post as my reason. I want to help people avoid Dillon's fate. I want them to know that they're not doomed, and that they can solve their problems. Teaching people that they're powerless, and convincing them that their behavior is caused by an imaginary disease does not help. It hurts.
Windows RT is a dog. We've been saying that from the beginning. We weren't alone. It's very hard to find a positive review of Windows RT, and more specifically, the nine-month-old Microsoft Surface with RT. And now Microsoft, in its latest earnings report, finally revealed that we were right.
The company took a massive $900M writedown last quarter because of unsold Surface RT's. Even more telling is that Microsoft actually revealed this loss. It's that big. The company had to tell investors why it didn't meet Wall Street's expectations.
Sadly, the Surface RT hardware is not at fault here. The tablet itself is actually a beautiful machine: sleek, solid and downright stunning. It's hard to pick one up and not be impressed. The Surface RT's designers and engineers should be proud of their creation. It's not their fault.
Windows RT should not exist as a consumer-facing product. It's a reactionary move against the iPad and the multitude of Android tablets flooding the market. It's Microsoft punching down where it should have just walked away from the fight. While Intel is quickly bringing most of the advantages of ARM chips to its x86 line, Microsoft decided it couldn't wait and built a product that ignored Windows' main advantages of legacy software. The Surface RT was sadly part of the ecosystem that is predictably failing.
The Surface product line was a big risk for Microsoft. The company went all-in on a PC for the very first time. And in a way, it was successful. The Surface RT and Pro brought a lot of attention to Windows 8 tablets — much more attention than HP, Dell, or Samsung could have provided. The striking product line put a lot of consumer electronic companies on notice, especially since Microsoft — historically a software-first outfit — took on the task of creating their own first-rate hardware. These tablets are the standard for Windows 8 tablets even if it's clear after today's news that they failed to live up to Microsoft's expectations.
Without the Surface Pro and RT, the Windows 8 tablet world would be as stale and lifeless as Windows 8 laptops.
All signs point to a new Surface line being announced in the coming weeks. And even with today's news, it's entirely possible that Microsoft will release a second generation Surface RT with a starting price point much lower. If anything, Microsoft is a company that does whatever the hell it wants even if no one is buying the products.
That journal is as good as MINE!
–
Here it is, y'all! The complete three-part comic, titled Departed Falls. Truth be told, it didn't actually take all that long to finish like I thought it would.
The basic idea behind it was sort of mini-AU where Wendy met Bill some point after Sock Opera, and was thusly convinced to make a deal with him in exchange for him bringing her mother back from beyond. From the last panel, it's pretty clear that it doesn't go exactly as she planned. Never trust a dream demon, after all.
I don't usually do comics, but this is a special thanks to all the people who have been following my tumblr thus far, and all those who will continue to do so! The next milestone's going to come when I hit about 500 followers, so stay tuned for that.
In the meantime, I don't think I'll keep this mini-AU tucked away for too long. I do like the idea so we'll see where it goes.
It's only a mini-AU but Departed Falls isn't such a bad name I think.
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. — The surf was churning in Southern California, and even bigger waves were brewing.
Surfers and gawkers crowded beaches Tuesday while workers hurried to fortify beaches and sandbag low-lying areas against flooding from the serious surf expected to peak Wednesday, brought on by Hurricane Marie spinning off Mexico's Pacific coast.
At The Wedge in Newport Beach, a famous surfing spot, dozens lined the beach to watch bodysurfers get pounded by storm-driven waves up to 10 feet high. People took photos and video and clapped, whistled, and cheered when a bodysurfer caught one of the swells.
Lifeguards with flippers and rescue batons at the ready patrolled the edge of the water and two rescue boats kept an eye on the dozen or so brave souls in the water. An ambulance was on stand-by near the beach.
Would-be big-wave surfers who came out said they were hoping for swells up to 30 feet Wednesday.
If that materializes, it will be the biggest wave event at The Wedge since 1997, when Hurricane Linda produced monster swells, said Tim Burnham, who's making a documentary about the famed surfing locale.
“This is the stuff that you dream of: rainbows, unicorns, Southern Hemi swells, hurricane swells,” he said as he dried off from a session in the waves.
“You definitely have a healthy amount of fear,” Burnham said. “You know, you don't want to be stupid. You're here to push yourself, but at the end of the day you want to go home to your family.”
Some 60 miles to the northwest in Malibu, where waves were 6-to-8 feet high, a surfer was pulled unconscious from the water at Surfrider Beach on Tuesday and later died at a hospital, authorities said. It was not clear whether the death was related to the surf and may have been from a medical condition, Kyle Daniels, a Los Angeles County lifeguard captain, told the Orange County Register.
The National Weather Service said beaches stretching 100 miles up the Southern California coast would see large waves and rip currents. Swimmers and surfers were urged to be aware of the dangerous conditions.
In the city of Long Beach's Peninsula neighborhood, residents watched as bulldozers built huge sand berms between the ocean and their homes. Several took the warning to heart and shoveled sand into bags to place around their garage doors and entryways.
Deborah Popek, who's lived in the area 20 years, took a walk along the boardwalk with her cat, Sophie, to check the surf and see how neighbors were preparing. She's had flooding in the past.
“It's always at the last minute that everybody panics because, you know, we don't expect things to happen,” she said. “But they're really taking things seriously because the sandbar is as high as they've ever built it right now.”
Associated Press writer Christopher Weber contributed from Los Angeles.
Hello and welcome to the 191st instalment of the SWD .
Military events/news are listed below by the governorates:
Raqqa:
The Syrian Democratic Forces have launched multiple offensives against ISIS targeting different fronts. On the eastern front, SDF forces claim to have killed 7 IS members in al Mansur district. On the western front, SDF captured some of the ISIS-held missiles after with Cyrillic scripts on it, and also captured a munitions and mortar shells factory. The US-backed forces targeted the Al-Nahdah area before storming ISIS units. SDF killed eight IS members in the al-Maroor district, five in Nahda neighbourhood, and four in the Bitani district. Additionally, SDF captured the Children's Hospital and the southern Mosque in al-Moor district.
The Syrian Arab Army and tribal forces were attacked by an ISIS counterattack on the recently captured villages of southern Raqqa. The elite unit Tiger Forces sent reinforcements to help tribal fighters against ISIS forces. Government forces have retreated from Muqlah, Salim al-Hammad, Abu Hammad, Subayat, Ghanim al-Ali, Zwar Shammer and Al-Jabali, which were captured by the Islamic State.
Meanwhile, the Islamic State militants managed to kill an unknown number of SAA and allies soldiers using a SVBIED in the southeastern village of Ghanim al-Ali. Also, the IS forces captured some vehicles, weapons and ammunition after they successfully did a night raid. Images published by ISIS sources show that the terrorist group managed to kill a large number of the Syrian Arab Army soldiers, apparently more than 30, and not tribal fighters as other reports suggested.
Aleppo:
Government forces shelled the northern city of Anadan with artillery.
Hama:
The Syrian Arab Army opened a new axis in east Salamiyah countryside and captured point 9 and point 7 in the mountainous area of central Hama. The newly captured “point 7” is a key area since it is one of the most fortified points and positions in the area.
Government forces have shelled the town of Lataminah in north Hama. Meanwhile, the FSA group “Abu Amara Special Task Brigade” claimed its first operation outside the Aleppo governorate as they successfully managed to blow up an ammo depot in Suqaylabiya, in northwestern Hama countryside.
Homs:
The SAA Tiger Forces have captured new territories in the area of Tuwaynan mountains. Additionally, government forces also found and captured an ISIS underground base in the mountains located south of Bir Qadim village, which is close to Tuwaynan area.
Around the Sukhnah area, an ISIS ATGM has hit a Syrian government tank with unknown results. Footage shows a direct hit on the left side of the tank at a moment when the crew was not inside. At the same time, SAA is positioned 25 km east of Sukhnah and has shelled ISIS positions on the Homs eastern desert.
The Islamic State claimed to have destroyed a government-held bulldozer with an ATGM somewhere north of Humayma.
Damascus:
According to some sources, the Islamic State have asked Hezbollah and the Syrian Arab Army for a safe withdrawal from west Qalamoun to Deir ez-Zor area. For more information, you can read this article.
An exchange of prisoners has taken place today between Jaish al-Islam and the Syrian authorities as the first exchanged 14 children, 12 men, and 10 women, for 11 government soldiers.
CJTF-OIR :
On the 23rd of August 2017, CJTF-OIR has conducted 12 strikes in Syria. CJTF-OIR ‘s main focus in Syria is Raqqa region where they did nine strikes supporting SDF‘s operations against IS destroying 11 fighting positions and a vehicle.
Another area where three strikes occurred is Deir ez-Zor destroying three ISIS headquarters and an ISIS-held building. The full report on CJTF-OIR strikes conducted in both Syria & Iraq can be found here.
Other:
Intellectual credited properly used may vary from an edition to edition.
Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below, constructive criticism is welcomed.
For those of you interested, you can follow me on my personal, controversial Twitter @alextorrell where I constantly tweet about different issues and conflicts
A nine-year-old schoolboy has married a 62-year-old mother-of-five[BARCROFT]
Baby faced Sanele Masilela is one of the world's youngest grooms after he wed Helen Shabangu for the second time.
The ceremony was held a year after the pair first said their vows and they tied the knot in front of around 100 guests.
The wide-eyed audience looked on as Mrs Shabangu shared a kiss and a piece of cake with the groom in the South African village of Ximhungwe.
The bride is already married to her long-term husband Albert, 67.
Sanele Masilela is one of the world's youngest grooms after he wed Helen Shabangu [BARCROFT]
I'm happy that I married Helen – but I will go to school and study hard Nine-year-old Sanele Masilela
Little Saneie said: "I told my mother that I wanted to get married because I really did want to.
"I'm happy that I married Helen – but I will go to school and study hard.
"When I'm older I will marry a lady my own age.
"I chose Helen because I love her and although we don't live together all the time we meet at the dumping site where my mother works regularly."
The boy originally married his wife after he claimed he was told by his dead ancestors to wed.
But his family shockingly let their youngest son marry the 62-year-old and gave a £500 gift to the bride and spent a further £1,000 for the big day.
And the child would not rest until South African traditions were honoured and a second ceremony took place to make the marriage official.
The ceremony was branded by villagers as "sickening" but the boy's family defended the union saying it was just a ritual and not legally binding.
The ceremony was held a year after the pair first said their vows [BARCROFT]
His 47-year-old mum Patience Masilela said: "Sanele was fine and he was happy about the ceremony last year and it what he wanted – he was not shy.
"He was just happy to get married, very excited and was not embarrassed about it. So much so he wanted to do it again.
"After the wedding last year people keep asking them question like will they live together, sleep together, have babies but I keep telling them that after the wedding everything went back to normal nothing changed.
"Sanele moved to Venda not long after the wedding because he wanted to learn a new language, but they are very close. Our families are very close.
"It was nice to celebrate with a wedding once more, it was after all a calling from the ancestors.
"By doing this we made the ancestors happy. If we hadn't done what my son had asked then something bad would have happened in the family."
Mrs Shabangu shared a kiss and a piece of cake with the young groom [BARCROFT]
The fight with Charon going terribly, you might have forgotten that Company 8 have been battling Infernals in the streets. In Chapter 103 of Fire Force, we see how Shinra's allies are holding up in the face of a mass outbreak in the making. Is it going better than the other battle? Let's dive in!
Summary
With people evacuating and more people being turned into Infernals, Company 8 are doing a lot of work. There were supposed to be 8 Infernals, but now there numbers are growing faster than they can exorcise them. Captain Akitaru notes that somebody has to be creating these Infernals deliberately through the mysterious fire bugs. His suspicions are justified because two cloaked figures are having the bugs sting people to see if they can find another person with the Adolla Burst. If they have the Adolla Burst they will be fine, if they don't then they will turn into Infernals.
A minor detail the series hasn't explicitly stated is that every person who turns into an Infernal naturally burn through their clothes. People who are turned through the bugs do not burn through there clothes. So if that is a rule and not just a weird coincidence, you can tell who is a victim of the White Hoods.
With too many Infernals in too many places, Hinawa and Vulcan find themselves waiting for Iris to arrive at their location while they work with normal, non-combatitve firefighters to keep the fire creatures in place. They can't exorcise the spirits without a member of the church to provide the last rites. Suddenly, an Infernal crashes through a wall and attacks Vulcan, knocking the inventor away. Vulcan manages to kick one of Akitaru's fire extinguishing grenades (which is just a grenade that explodes into foam instead of death) at the Infernal, although the creature still tries to attack him. Forcing Hinawa to shoot it before Iris can arrive, much to his shame. Although she preforms the ceremony before Akitaru deals the final blow.
Thankfully, Maki uses the Iron Owls, her weapon-turn-spy-drone, to find Haumea on a rooftop. As he is only one who can counter Haumea's mind control ability, Maki tells Arthur (who is helping with the evacuation) where to go and plans to team up with him so they can fight the mad crown woman together. So there is some good news.
And good news is needed right now, because we cut back to the Charon fight. Which has taken a turn for the worse. Inka, completely confused, tells both Shinra and Charon that she views them both as her enemy and she isn;t leaving with either of them. Charon looks her dead in the eye (ignoring the fight that's going on because he's winning by a landslide) and tells her she has no freedom. Forcing Inka to grin nervously (like Shinra does) before Shinra kicks Charon in the face. Like everything Charon has been hit with so far, it does nothing. Shinra tells Inka that he's going to do a hero's work and take her to a safe place. Inka finds that boring (she's an adrenaline addict) and explains that she has nothing to offer Shinra if he saves her. Shinra says that he doesn't want anything and Inka says that she doesn't want saving, believing that even if that's true: Shinra is just using this fight as a chance to show off his power. With the symbols in her eyes growing much larger, saying she doesn't understand right or wrong anymore and seeing a mass of possible explosions she could cause with her new power.
And she causes a lot of them. It's a tangled mess of lines, but she is able to make it work. Creating massive giant blasts above their heads and allowing her to escape both Shinra and Charon while they are stunned. Shinra attempts to give chase but Charon gets in his way. Shinra uses both of his arms to block the punch and uses his power to create fire from his feet to push forward, allowing him to start his ground instead of being sent flying back. So Shinra being forced to use the ability to propel himself forward at great speed to just stop Charon from crushing him with brute force. That's how hard Charon punches.
Meanwhile, Vulcan and Hinawa face down almost a dozen Infernals. To make matters worse, a horned Infernal is among the group. The pair is face-to-face with a Demon.
Thoughts
This chapter is mostly just setting up more future conflicts than really advancing the plot forward. However, I enjoy seeing battles with the Infernals, especially Vulcan doing his best to protect himself. We've had 3 arcs without them, so it's important we get to see this. The Infernal problem is the driving force behind the entire plot. We need to see it as a threat so we know what our heroes are fighting for. It's also interesting to see that even after all this cult nonsense that has redefined their understanding of the universe: Company 8 still follow and teachings of the church to the best of their abilities. So let's look at the Demon… This might actually be worse than what Shinra is fighting against right now. Firstly, Haumea seems to be able to control the Demons to some extent. She did it 12 years ago and she's likely improved in her ability since then. So it's possible she is going to use this Demon to target innocent people to catch Company 8 on the back-foot.
Secondly, Demon Class Infernals are a huge problem even if they aren't being directed. We have seen three of them before (one of them is still at large). Konro from Company 7 managed to kill one two years ago, he had to smash a meteor-level hole into the ground to make it happen but he did it. But the effort crippled him and he can no longer fight. Another one (formerly Haran of the White Hoods) appeared in the Asakusa arc and overpowered both Shinra and Arthur instantly. Captain Benimaru stepped in and had to set the sky on fire to finish Haean off for good. It took all the energy of the strongest person in the Fire Force to stop a demon and it left Benimaru completely drained. Neither Vulcan nor Hinawa are anywhere near as powerful as Konro or Benimaru. So they are in a lot of trouble. Unless the fact it only has one horn might mean that it is weaker than those two Demons. Still, this might require the entire Company to come together to take care of it. Or another Company might need to step in to help them.
There isn't much progress with the Charon fight. We still don't know how he knows who Inka is. Inka's ability appears to be evolving. Or at least she's getting used to it. Charon isn't quite as overwhelming as he was last time, but he's still pushing Shinra to the brink. While Inka appears to escape, he's not worrying about that. Again, Shinra is also one of his targets and Haumea is watching the fight, so she'll take care of Inka if Charon can't. Speaking of Haumea, with Maki and Arthur getting ready to hunt her down: we might learn more about her and that would be great.
We now have three different brawls about to start or happening right now and a missing girl. How this is will work out isn't clear. I'd expect that the Demon is going to keep everyone besides Shinra, Maki and Arthur busy. That way their fights can happen without interruption. It's even possible that Shinra and Arthur will have to let their foes escape so they can help their friends. With Inka on her own and in a burning town, she's going to run into somebody at some point. I'd adore it if she ran into Joker. We haven't seen his mocking smile for a long time and he is like her in many ways. Not completely evil, but certainly not good and not really caring about either side. The mysterious outlaw Joker is also full of answers that Inka might want and he's also strong enough to keep her safe for a while. But we'll have to wait a week to see what happens in the next chapter of Fire Force: The Binds of Flame. Until then, thank you for reading.
Advertisements
In addition to the re-election campaign, two joint fund-raising vehicles established with Republican Party committees also filed reports to the commission. The committees ramped up their big-donor fund-raising during the second quarter of the year, raising $13.2 million — much of which came from big donors — according to the reports.
The reports make it clear that although Election Day 2020 is nearly three and a half years away, Mr. Trump's re-election campaign operation is already in high gear, and that it is working to engage the Republican Party's deepest pockets in a way that his unconventional 2016 campaign did not.
About 43 percent of the second-quarter total came from donors who gave $10,000 or more to the committees, according to the reports. And that probably does not reflect most of the checks collected in connection with a fund-raiser at the end of last month at Mr. Trump's Washington hotel, which raised an estimated $10 million from 300 guests who each donated at least $35,000.
Trump Victory — a joint fund-raising committee comprising the Trump campaign, the Republican National Committee and a number of state Republican parties — reported $100,000 donations from, among others, the Florida sugar baron José Fanjul, the Quicken Loans executive Shawn M. Krause and the Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder.
The commission reports show that donors who contributed $200 or less accounted for less than 38 percent of all funds raised in the second quarter. That is a reversal from Mr. Trump's 2016 campaign, when small donors accounted for a majority of the outside donations raised by his committees, not including the $66 million he donated to his campaign.
In some ways, the shift to high-dollar fund-raising represents a move toward a more traditional political operation than the one that helped power Mr. Trump's upset victory. In 2016, his campaign relied more on donations from Mr. Trump's own pocket (he has not donated to his re-election campaign) and on the power of mega-rallies and his social media presence than on traditional — and costly — political infrastructure like field offices and television advertising.
It is unusual, however, for a sitting president's team to be raising money and building a re-election effort in the first half of a first term, when political and fund-raising efforts are typically channeled through the president's national party committee.
Gauteng provincial police spokesman Colonel Lungelo Dlamini has announced that criminal charges had been opened against author and investigative journalist Jacques Pauw.
TimesLIVE understands that the charges were laid at Lyttleton police station in Pretoria against the journalist and author of controversial book The President's Keepers earlier on Thursday. Sources of TimesLIVE said that the charges were laid by State Security Agency personnel.
“The SSA were at the police station yesterday (Wednesday). They were asking a lot of questions and there were discussions about this matter‚” said a source.
Pauw said via WhatsApp that he was not aware of the charges.
Dlamini said that he was not yet sure what docket had been opened or what the charges related to and asked that TimesLIVE contact him later.
Pauw's book‚ which was released a week ago and later leaked on social media‚ has been at the centre of a row with the SSA and the SA Revenue Service.
It contains damning allegations about President Jacob Zuma and key state agencies and its contents‚ according to the State Security Agency‚ contravene the Intelligence Services Act.
The SSA had notified Pauw and NB Publishers several days ago that it intended to pursue legal action against him as it pushed for him to retract certain parts of the book and to have it taken out of circulation.
But Pauw and his publishers refused to bow to pressure‚ with his lawyers saying they were willing to battle the matter out in court. The book‚ meanwhile‚ has sold out with publishers rushing to print more to meet demand and it is a global best-seller on Amazon. It is the fastest-selling book since official Nielsen data gathering began in 2004‚ the publishers say.
Earlier on Tuesday NB Publishers issued a statement saying it noted death threats against Pauw with “grave concern”. “We view this in an extremely serious light and are taking steps to ensure his safety at all times. We will take legal steps against anyone making such threats‚” the publisher said.
Willem de Klerk‚ a lawyer for both Pauw and NB Publishers‚ wrote to the spy agency on Monday and said it was illogical for it to demand they shelve the book which has already been widely circulated.
“Your demand for a retraction ‘of all those parts which are inaccurate' is therefore incongruous. It is further unclear how you reconcile an allegation of falsity‚ on the one hand‚ with an alleged violation of statutory provisions on the other‚” De Klerk said in a letter to the SSA.
It was unclear whether the SA Revenue Service would also join the spy agency in its bid to muzzle Pauw. Sars had accused him of violating tax laws when he revealed that Zuma failed to submit tax returns for years after he became president‚ despite Sars trying to get him to do so. The tax collector initially said it was still considering taking action.
By: Graeme Hosken – TimesLIVE
Source: TMG Digital.
BRING BACK THE JOE LOUIS ARENA GOAL HORN TO LITTLE CAESARS ARENA
As the Detroit Red Wings begin a new era in the brand new Little Caesars Arena, everything seems to be flawless. Except it isn't...
The one thing that represents every team in it's own unique way is a goal horn. Detroits goal horn, the horn from Joe Louis Arena in particular, has represented so much more than goals. It's represented winning, excellence, milestones and history.
The new horn at Little Caesars Arena may be similar to the one from the Joe but it's just not the same.
Things change and this new state of the art arena is one big change everyone is just getting used to. But one thing that should never change is the sound that represents tradition in this historic city of champions. Let's bring back who we are and sign this petition to bring back OUR signature goal horn to Little Caesars Arena.
Solving the "Unblock Me" puzzle
(October 2012, Reddit-ed)
Solving the "Unblock Me" puzzle
For the TL;DR crowd: I liked playing the Unblock Me puzzle, so I coded an automatic solver, that works on screenshots taken from my phone. The code is on GitHub, and here is a video of the results.
Even since I can remember, I've always been fascinated with puzzles. This fascination has manifested itself in temporary obsessions of various natures - mathematical, probabilistic, chess related, AI ... you name it, I've probably wasted time playing with it :‑)
A natural consequence is the kind of computer games I am drawn to... that is, puzzle games. I still consider Sokoban the best puzzle game I've ever played (and finished) - but also love most of Simon Tatham's collection. And recently, I started passing my half-hour train commutes to and from work, playing Unblock-Me on my iPhone.
Would you like to play a game? Would you like to play a game?
This game is deceptively simple: you have to move horizontal blocks left or right, and vertical blocks up or down, in order to free ("unblock") the red block - i.e. allow it to escape from the exit to its right. The red block is always at the 3rd line, as is the exit.
If you haven't played before, here's a link to a random Youtube video I found with a quick search. Apparently I am not the only one who likes this puzzle; there are lots of similar videos, with players showcasing how they solved a level they had trouble with. Obligatory warning: this game is very addictive, if you try it, there's no turning back.
My brain has more or less adapted, and quickly solves most of the levels. But now that I am close to completing the Expert set, there are some levels that torture me for minutes!
How dare they! :‑)
Time to use my brain - in a different way.
Stage 1: Detecting board sets from screenshots
On my iPhone, hitting both the main and the power button at the same time, results in an auto-saved 480x320 snapshot of the current screen (btw, that's how the picture you see above was obtained). Since the dimensions of this screenshot are constant, the placement of the tile grid will also remain constant: at identical pixel positions in every such snapshot.
(Translation: if you want to replicate my results in phones with different screenshot sizes... you'll have to edit my code :‑)
This means we can do a small number of tests, and identify the tile coordinates in these snapshots:
Hunting down the tile coordinates Hunting down the tile coordinates
In the screenshot above, you see how I manipulated the .ppm data of the image (generated via ImageMagick: " convert IMG_0354.PNG old.ppm ") and emitted horizontal lines. Fine-tuning the location of these white lines allowed me to find where the tile centers are located, in both horizontal, and (via a similar pass) vertical coordinates.
At that point ...
I sampled the color of the center pixel of each tile - and mapped the RGB values into the 3 tile categories (empty, block and prisoner) via threshold values that I experimented with.
I sampled the top center and the bottom center pixel of each tile - and stored whether it's RGB values thresholded as white, black, or non-border. The game uses these colors to "shade" the blocks, and thus allowed me to learn the vertical "borders" between blocks.
I could then write a simple algorithm that re-created the block information from these two arrays:
#define SIZE 6 enum TileKind { empty = 0 , block = 1 , prisoner = 2 } ; static TileKind g_tiles [ SIZE ][ SIZE ]; enum BorderKind { notBorder = 0 , white = 1 , black = 2 } ; static BorderKind g_borders [ 2 * SIZE ][ SIZE ]; struct Block { static int BlockId ; int _id ; int _y , _x ; bool _isHorizontal ; TileKind _kind ; int _length ; Block ( int y , int x , bool isHorizontal , TileKind kind , int length ): _id ( BlockId ++), _y ( y ), _x ( x ), _isHorizontal ( isHorizontal ), _kind ( kind ), _length ( length ) {} } ; int Block :: BlockId = 0 ; list<Block> ScanBodiesAndBordersAndEmitStartingBlockPositions () { list<Block> blocks ; bool isTileKnown [ SIZE ][ SIZE ]; memset ( isTileKnown , false , sizeof ( isTileKnown )); while ( true ) { for ( int y = 0 ; y < SIZE ; y ++) { for ( int x = 0 ; x < SIZE ; x ++) { if ( isTileKnown [ y ][ x ]) continue ; if ( empty == g_tiles [ y ][ x ]) { isTileKnown [ y ][ x ] = true ; continue ; } bool isMarker = ( g_tiles [ y ][ x ]== prisoner ); const char * marker = isMarker ? " (marker)" : "" ; if ( g_borders [ 2 * y ][ x ] == white && g_borders [ 2 * y + 1 ][ x ] == black ) { isTileKnown [ y ][ x ] = true ; int xend = x + 1 ; while ( xend < SIZE && g_borders [ 2 * y + 1 ][ xend ] == black && g_borders [ 2 * y ][ xend ] == white ) { isTileKnown [ y ][ xend ] = true ; xend ++; } if ( xend - x == 4 ) { cout << "Horizontal blocks at " << y << "," << x ; cout << " of length 2 " << marker << "
" ; blocks . push_back ( Block ( y , x , true , g_tiles [ y ][ x ], 2 )); blocks . push_back ( Block ( y , x + 2 , true , g_tiles [ y ][ x + 2 ], 2 )); } else { cout << "Horizontal block at " << y << "," << x ; cout << " of length " << xend - x << marker << "
" ; blocks . push_back ( Block ( y , x , true , g_tiles [ y ][ x ], xend - x )); } } else if ( g_borders [ 2 * y ][ x ] == white ) { isTileKnown [ y ][ x ] = true ; int yend = y + 1 ; while ( yend < SIZE && g_borders [ 2 * yend + 1 ][ x ] != black ) { isTileKnown [ yend ][ x ] = true ; yend ++; } cout << "Vertical block at " << y << "," << x ; cout << " of length " << yend - y + 1 << marker << "
" ; blocks . push_back ( Block ( y , x , false , g_tiles [ y ][ x ], yend - y + 1 )); } else isTileKnown [ y ][ x ] = true ; } } bool allDone = true ; for ( int y = 0 ; y < SIZE ; y ++) for ( int x = 0 ; x < SIZE ; x ++) allDone = allDone && isTileKnown [ y ][ x ]; if ( allDone ) break ; } return blocks ; }
With the exception of neighbouring horizontal blocks - which I had to hack around - it worked on the first try. Feeding it with screenshots, I saw it emit the board information:
From screenshot to block data From screenshot to block data
Stage 2: The Solver
So, I had a list of blocks that represented a board - what then?
Well, from each such list, I could generate ... a list of such lists - that is, the list of possible boards that can be reached from this one, by moving a block one position to the left, right, top or bottom.
Following the same approach I used in my Knight's Tour, I wrote a brute-force recursive traversal:
void SolveBoard ( board ) { can prisoner escape ? he can ! Bliss he cant ? for each possible board that can arise out of the current one SolveBoard ( newBoard ) }
I also added a set<Board> that was checked upon SolveBoard entry, so that the algorithm never went back to a position that it had already passed through before (in the call stack).
And run it...
And waited...
Did some web browsing. Went for some coffee...
Came back - still running.
Apparently, the problem space of this puzzle is not as small as I thought - this recursive attempt at finding the solution, goes "deep" first, exhausts the "move" it tried, then tries another.
In computer-science parlance, what I did was a "depth-first" search of the solution - meaning that the algorithm descended the tree of possible moves all the way to it's leaves (i.e. to the board states where there is no move left), and then backtracked back to try something else. And as it is obvious on hindsight, this will only work for "small" problem spaces - like my Knight's Tour search. In UnblockMe however, the combinations of moves one can do at every level, multiply with the ones he can do on the next one - and basically, "explode" exponentially.
Instead of diving "deep" in the tree, I had to visit it in "layers" of increasing depth - i.e. in Breadth First Search:
Enqueue the current board while Q not empty : Dequeue a board and examine it can prisoner escape ? he can ! Bliss he cant ? for each possible board that can arise out of this one add board to END of Q
The pseudocode above visits the first level of available moves, then all the second-level moves, then the 3rd, etc. This means that it finds the optimal solution - the one the prisoner can use to escape, in the least amount of moves.
The actual implementation, below, has to account for not visiting already visited boards, and for tracing back from the solved board into the one we started from - I used a map<Board,MoveIusedToGetThere> to do that.
struct Move { int _blockId ; enum Direction { left , right , up , down } _move ; Move ( int blockID , Direction d ): _blockId ( blockID ), _move ( d ) {} } ; ... void SolveBoard ( list < Block >& blocks ) { cout << "
Searching for a solution...
" ; map< Board, Move> previousMoves ; previousMoves . insert ( pair < Board , Move >( renderBlocks ( blocks ), Move (- 1 , Move :: left ))); set<Board> visited ; list< list<Block> > queue ; queue . push_back ( blocks ); while (! queue . empty ()) { list<Block> blocks = * queue . begin (); queue . pop_front (); Board board = renderBlocks ( blocks ); if ( visited . find ( board ) != visited . end ()) continue ; visited . insert ( board ); list < Block >:: iterator it = blocks . begin (); for (; it != blocks . end (); it ++) { Block & block = * it ; if ( block . _kind == prisoner ) break ; } assert ( it != blocks . end ()); bool allClear = true ; for ( int x = it -> _x + it -> _length ; x < SIZE ; x ++) { allClear = allClear && ! board ( it -> _y , x ); if (! allClear ) break ; } if ( allClear ) { cout << "Solved!
" ; list<list<Block> > solution ; solution . push_front ( copyBlocks ( blocks )); map < Board , Move >:: iterator itMove = previousMoves . find ( board ); while ( itMove != previousMoves . end ()) { if ( itMove -> second . _blockId == - 1 ) break ; for ( it = blocks . begin (); it != blocks . end (); it ++) { if ( it -> _id == itMove -> second . _blockId ) { switch ( itMove -> second . _move ) { case Move :: left : it -> _x ++; break ; case Move :: right : it -> _x --; break ; case Move :: up : it -> _y ++; break ; case Move :: down : it -> _y --; break ; } break ; } } assert ( it != blocks . end ()); solution . push_front ( copyBlocks ( blocks )); board = renderBlocks ( blocks ); itMove = previousMoves . find ( board ); } for ( list < list < Block > >:: iterator itState = solution . begin (); itState != solution . end (); itState ++) { printBoard (* itState ); cout << "Press ENTER for next move
" ; cin . get (); } cout << "Run free, prisoner, run! :-)
" ; exit ( 0 ); } for ( it = blocks . begin (); it != blocks . end (); it ++) { Block & block = * it ; #define COMMON_BODY ( direction ) \ list<Block> copied = copyBlocks ( blocks ); \ \ queue . push_back ( copied ); \ \ previousMoves . insert ( \ pair < Board , Move >( \ renderBlocks ( copied ), \ Move ( block . _id , Move :: direction ))); if ( block . _isHorizontal ) { if ( block . _x > 0 && empty == board ( block . _y , block . _x - 1 )) { block . _x --; COMMON_BODY ( left ) block . _x ++; } if ( block . _x + block . _length < SIZE && empty == board ( block . _y , block . _x + block . _length )) { block . _x ++; COMMON_BODY ( right ) block . _x --; } } else { if ( block . _y > 0 && empty == board ( block . _y - 1 , block . _x )) { block . _y --; COMMON_BODY ( up ) block . _y ++; } if ( block . _y + block . _length < SIZE && empty == board ( block . _y + block . _length , block . _x )) { block . _y ++; COMMON_BODY ( down ) block . _y --; } } } } }
And to my immense delight, I saw it work:
Never again shall I be blocked for long on a level :‑)
No, this is not cheating! It's a product of my own brain, addressing the same problem... in a different way. It just so happens... that I know how to extend my brain :‑)
Some thoughts
The code lives in GitHub, and it's relatively simple to follow through (I commented it a lot). However, if you compare this implementation with the one I did for Score4, you will naturally notice the verbosity of C++. Why didn't I use OCaml for this? Or even C++11, which would drastically cut down on e.g. iterator loops?
Well - the problem parameters... are that I want to run this on my phone. And as it turns out, I have succeeded in installing a Linux-based cross-compiler for my jailbroken iPhone - but it only works for old-style C++ (i.e. non-C++11).
OCaml on the iPhone would be cool, though - if I ever get my hands on an iPhone OCaml compiler, I'll probably port my code.
Update, Oct 22, 2012: I did a quick "port" to C++11.
Update, Oct 27, 2012: I ported the code to OCaml.
Back to index My CV Last update on: Sat Oct 21 20:14:05 2017
The comments on this website require the use of JavaScript. Perhaps your browser isn't JavaScript capable or the script is not being run for another reason. If you're interested in reading the comments or leaving a comment behind please try again with a different browser or from a different connection.
Georgia Purdom and Danny Faulkner (Facebook)
Some creationists are mocking flat earthers for taking the Bible too literally.
The Friendly Atheist blog flagged a video produced by Answers in Genesis featuring scientists Georgia Purdom and Danny Faulkner, who laughed out loud at theories floated by people who believe the world is actually flat.
“Some people, they accuse us of believing everything in the Bible is literal,” said Faulkner, an astronomer. “Well, we don't believe everything in the Bible is literal. There are many idioms, there are figures of speech. There (is) also imagery, particularly in the poetic and the prophetic passages.
“For instance, Jesus said, ‘I am the door,'” Faulkner said. “Well, did he have hinges? Did he have a latch on it? Did he have a handle? Of course not. We understand that it's not a literal door. So nobody really believes that the Bible's completely literal.”
Purdom, a molecular geneticist, agreed the Bible should be read as written and not taken literally.
“I don't know anyone that does that,” she said.
Faulkner blamed atheists for inspiring the flat earth movement, whose adherents denigrate the majority as “globe heads.”
“I want to point out that these arguments that people put forth today for the flat earth, supposedly from the Bible, don't come, historically, positions of the church,” Faulkner said. “The church never argued these points from scripture. This all arose in the 19th century. Surprisingly enough, these arguments that Flat Earthers are using, supposedly from the Bible to support Flat Earth, are ones that were put forth from the skeptics and the atheists in the 19th century, trying to bring disrepute upon the scripture, showing it's not authoritative.”
Story highlights Alex Plank: After Newtown shooting, some people say autism is linked to violence
Plank: These speculations are needless, untrue and hurtful
He says people with autism are ethical but have trouble reading social signals
Plank: We don't need more senseless finger-pointing at an entire community
After the horrific shooting in Newtown , Connecticut, a parade of self-appointed experts tried to insinuate that people with autism are prone to inexplicable acts of violence because they lack the ability for empathy and social connection. This is because the shooter, Adam Lanza , had been diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a form of autism.
These speculations are needless, untrue and hurtful.
I was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome when I was 9 years old. I had a lot of anxiety when I was in school, not because I have autism but because other kids would often bully and ridicule me. I was a smart kid, but I was very socially awkward. Thankfully, my parents were very supportive and helped me get through many dark days.
I got in trouble in elementary school for flapping my hands and twirling. I even got in trouble for sitting in my chair strangely. When the Columbine High School massacre occurred, my music teacher told the class to be nicer to me because, as she said, "look what can happen when kids are bullied." That really upset and embarrassed me. The comment made me feel as though I had more potential for violence, which is clearly false.
Alex Plank
In high school, I decided that I wanted to make contact with other kids who had been diagnosed with autism and were cast out by their own peer groups and looking for support. With my friend Dan Grover, we built WrongPlanet.net , a community for people who wanted to share their personal experiences with autism. We now have more than 70,000 registered members from around the world.
After the shootings in Newtown, as I often do when a major news event occurs, I immediately went to my online community to see what other people were saying. One member asked, "How long before the media paints the gunman as a quiet loner with Asperger Syndrome traits?" As we now know, it didn't take too long.
The same thing has happened before, like in the Colorado theater shooting, when Joe Scarborough irresponsibly speculated that the shooter, James Holmes, might have been "on the autism scale." He later clarified his comments , saying he did not mean to link autism with violent behavior.
As the Newtown news unfolded, I noticed a huge traffic spike to our online community. When I checked the servers, I realized that people were finding the website by Googling search terms such as "autistic killers," "asperger's and criminal behavior" and "aspergers shooter." That gave me a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. I only hoped that the searches indicated that people wanted to find out the truth: that autism is not connected with violent acts.
JUST WATCHED Children with autism are 'less violent' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Children with autism are 'less violent' 04:18
Most people with autism who I know of are deeply sensitive and ethical; we just have trouble reading social signals. Research has also shown that we are less likely to engage in criminal behavior . If anything, those with autism are more likely to be bullied or treated with scorn because we are a little different.
Fortunately, not everyone has been listening to some of the so-called experts who are implying that autism has something to do with Lanza's horrible act. A chorus of intelligent voices, including CNN's Sanjay Gupta and Anderson Cooper, New York Times reporter Amy Harmon, author John Robison and Ari Ne'eman, the first openly autistic White House appointee, has done well to dispel the misconceptions.
But the repetition of damaging stereotypes means more needs to be done to address the myths and stigma around autism, which puts people who are already at a high risk for bullying in even more danger.
I was really touched when I saw the photo of Dylan Hockley , a 6-year-old boy with autism who died in the arms of his special-needs aide, Anne Marie Murphy, in Newtown.
In the face of such terrible tragedy, we don't need more senseless finger-pointing at an entire community of people. We need more than ever to find our common humanity.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
We make a regular practice at ComicsAlliance of spotlighting particular artists or specific bodies of work , as well as the special qualities of comic book storytelling , but because cartoonists, illustrators and their fans share countless numbers of great pinups, fan art and other illustrations on sites like Flickr, Tumblr, DeviantArt and seemingly infinite art blogs that we've created Best Art Ever (This Week), a weekly depository for just some of the pieces of especially compelling artwork that we come across in our regular travels across the Web. Some of it's new, some of it's old, some of it's created by working professionals, some of it's created by future stars, some of it's created by talented fans, awnd some of it's endearingly silly. All of it is awesome.
WANT TO CONTRIBUTE?
We're very much interested to see what you've dug up and think should be featured here in Best Art Ever (This Week). Please submit any great art links to andy-at-comicsalliance.com. Artists, feel free to send in your own work or to request that your work be removed.
Where possible, please visit these artists' websites to see more of their work, buy their products or commission an original piece.
Blade Runner by Kilian Eng
Batman '66 by Jonathan Case
Wonder Woman and Wonder Girl by Chris Purdin
Batgirl and Supergirl by Colleen Coover
Art by Sachin Teng
Scary Godmother by Mike Mignola from the collection of Jill Thompson
Catwoman by Bruce Timm
Goldfinger by Barye Phillips
Gotham City by Richie Chavez
click to enlarge
Wonder Woman by Ricardo López Ortiz
Hawkman by José Luis García-López
click to enlarge
Catwoman by Francesco Francavilla
Art by Malika Favre
click to enlarge
Spider-Gwen by Cameron Stewart
Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn by Mindy Lee
The Question, Green Arrow and Batman by Gabriel Hardman
Blade Runner by Laurie Greasly
click to enlarge
Bojack Horseman/Mad Men mashup by Erik Ly
Art by Jack Kirby and Al Williamson
Akira's Tetsuo by Dan Hipp
X-Men by Chris Rafferty
Maleficent by Skottie Young
Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland concept art by Moebius
Wolverine by Rafael Grampá
Grendel by Matt Wagner
Daredevi by David Aja
Background art from Katsuhiro Otomo's Akira
Captain Harlock by Gerald Parel
"Waiting for the Prince" by Arthur Adams
click to enlarge
She-Hulk by Kevin Nowlan
Talia al Ghul by Adam Hughes
Punisher/Tron by Kris Anka
Art by Marguerite Sauvage
Rogue by Felipe Smith
Art by Dilraj Mann
Judge Dredd by Frank Quitely
Superman by Ron Salas
Diablo 3 by Duncan Fegredo and Dave Stewart< /a>
Torpedo by Jordi Bernet
If you haven't purchased Titanfall 2 yet and you're interested in trying out the multiplayer component of the game, then EA has shared some news about the Titanfall 2 Free Multiplayer Trial you may be interested in.
The trial will begin for EA Access and Origin Access members starting today – 30 November, and become available for all players on other platforms including Xbox One starting 02 December. The free trial runs with unlimited play time until 04 December and features a full offering including all maps, modes, weapons and more including brand-new content from Angel City's Most Wanted DLC (available starting tomorrow for those who pre-ordered the game, available to those participating in the trial starting 03 December). Progress from the trial carries over to the full game when you upgrade, so you can keep going right where you left off.
Try it FREE
For more information about the Titanfall 2 Free Multiplayer Trial, check out the official website here.
Purchase Titanfall 2 for Xbox One from the Xbox Games Store
Purchase Titanfall 2 Deluxe Edition for Xbox One from the Xbox Games Store
Every Sunday, we pick a new episode of the week. It could be good. It could be bad. It will always be interesting. You can read the archives here. The episode of the week for November 12 through November 19 is “Episode 30,” the season finale of the third season of Last Week Tonight with John Oliver.
For its last episode of the year and first after Donald Trump won the presidency, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver ran an episode that was both atypical and completely representative of the series.
While Oliver usually opens the show with a selection of timely jokes followed by a longer reported segment on a single topic, he greeted his audience on November 12 with more urgency than usual, his owlish eyes blinking rapidly behind wired glasses.
“Let us begin with our first and only story: the 2016 election.”
Last Week Tonight's signature segment is the in-depth exposé of obscure legal loopholes and institutional injustices, from a half-hour piece on “multi-level marketing” to an analysis of systemic rot in the criminal justice system.
But his focus on a much bigger and more “obvious” topic — the whole of the 2016 presidential election — was more than justified. There's been no shortage of confusion, outrage, argument, jubilation, and fear in the aftermath of the election. And with so much to deconstruct and analyze regarding how we got to this point, with America deeply divided and Trump unexpectedly headed to the White House, Oliver wasn't quite as happy to just sputter in despair as per usual.
Well, okay, he still sputtered about some things (see: President-elect Donald Trump, whom he likened to “a human What Is Wrong with this Picture”). But he also stared into the camera and turned the onus on both himself and his viewers. If his audience were to watch this episode and then go about their lives as usual without speaking out immediately against some of the dangerous policies that Trump has proposed, he said, “things will not be okay.”
Oliver has made calls to action before (see: countering Miss America's dubious scholarship funds by asking people to donate elsewhere). But this was the first episode since Donald Trump won the presidency, and the host was clearly too rattled by the election results to let his audience be passively entertained anymore.
John Oliver's particular brand of nerd rage has become a form of liberal catharsis
Since its debut in 2014, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver has become a preferred destination for liberals who like their comedy both cerebral and outraged.
Though Last Week Tonight runs weekly and tends to get more into the policy weeds than The Daily Show ever did during its Jon Stewart years, both shows found their niches by highlighting political absurdity and presenting it to their audiences with an exasperated refrain of, “Can you believe this shit?!” In general, their viewers can absolutely believe that shit, because their viewers likely already agree with them on key political and societal issues (more on that below). Their angry, aggravated schtick provided angry, aggravated viewers with an easy way to validate their frustration.
But after Stewart left The Daily Show in August 2015 and Trevor Noah began to bring his own rhythm to the role of host, Oliver's show became even more beloved amongst that angry, aggravated audience. Many left-leaning news outlets, including Vox, quickly developed a habit of writing about Oliver's topic of the week deep dives as definitive mic drops.
Here's the thing: Getting a lecture from someone, no matter how funny and informative, can be exhausting if you don't already on some levels commiserate. That Oliver's audience — which one can reasonably assume comprises holdovers from The Daily Show, affluent HBO subscribers, and angry liberals swapping clips on the internet, among others — is ready to commiserate with him is pretty crucial to his success.
So it's no surprise that Oliver bookended his first episode after the election — a season finale that he and many of his viewers undoubtedly expected to spend reveling in Hillary Clinton's hard-won triumph — with shock (“That really happened!”) and the doom-filled conclusion that “2016 was the fucking worst.”
However, if you paid attention to everything Oliver said between those two statements, something else becomes clear. For as much as he appeals to and comforts his liberal audience, he would like to remind said liberal audience that simply agreeing with him on important issues isn't actually enough.
John Oliver kinda hates the idea of himself as liberal catharsis
The most telling moments of Last Week Tonight's finale came when Oliver took aim not just at Trump and the forces that put him in office, but at the limitations of his own show.
Introducing a segment about the media's role in Trump's rise, Oliver called out CNN's tendency to live-broadcast every Trump rally as if the network was trying to will it into being breaking news. But he then pivoted into the polarization of news sources, and discussed where Americans are getting their information — including Last Week Tonight.
People can choose to get their news from echo chambers that validate their views. There's nothing inherently wrong with shows that have a viewpoint; this show has a viewpoint. We fact-check everything we say, but we don't pretend to be neutral. …But a healthy media diet has to be broader than that. And the way we see news now is micro-targeted.
Now, Oliver wasn't at all saying that Last Week Tonight is on par with fake news sites or explicitly partisan sources that cater to one side at the expense of facts, like the ones BuzzFeed News studied or that President-elect Trump has publicized on Twitter. But the idea that someone might watch his show, agree with the content, and walk away feeling smug about how righteously they live their lives is one that Oliver clearly doesn't love.
“I know this is all depressing,” he said a few minutes later, addressing his audience directly. “But it does bring us back to the important question: What the fuck do we do now?”
The answer, he emphasized, is neither to move to Canada, nor to let yourself believe that staying within your preferred partisan lane with blinders on will do anyone much good.
In 2017, get ready for Last Week Tonight to ask you to do more than share its clips
“We're going to have to stay here and fight,” Oliver said. Why? Because, he explained, Trump doesn't have quite as much of a professed interest in helping a broad swath of people as our outgoing president does. He went on:
We're going to have to actively stand up for one another. And it can't be just sounding off on the internet, or sharing think pieces or videos like this one that echo around your bubble. I'm talking about actual sacrifice to support people who are now under threat.
And then he rattled off a list of organizations “that are going to need help under a Trump administration” that he hopes his audience will invest in.
“If you care about women's health, donate to Planned Parenthood or the Center for Reproductive Rights,” he implored. “If you don't believe manmade global warming is a ‘silly issue,' donate to the National Resources Defense Council. If you don't think refugees are a terrorist army in disguise, donate to the International Refugee Assistance Project.”
Throwing up a picture of Trump and Mike Pence, Oliver underlined his point even further: “Oh, and given these guys' track record, I would also recommend donations to the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, the Trevor Project for LGBTQ youth, and the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Education Fund.”
Basically: Oliver told people to put their money where their mouths are, if they agree with him so much.
Again, this isn't the first time Oliver has asked his audience to pitch in and make a difference in his issue of the week. Midway through his first season, he encouraged viewers to flood the FCC's website with comments about its controversial net neutrality proposals; the ensuing avalanche of messages crashed the site, and some observers credit Oliver with kicking off a public backlash those proposals might never recover from.
By and large, though, Oliver's aim with Last Week Tonight has been to shed light on issues that've been left to collect dust in government file cabinets. He's not as prone to luxuriating in rage or taking overt sides, like his former Daily Show co-worker Samantha Bee on Full Frontal.
But it seems the election of Donald Trump to the highest office in the land has caused a shift in Last Week Tonight's alchemy. As Oliver described Trump's win again and again: “This is not normal.” That's why he devoted an entire episode to figuring out what America's new normal under President-elect Trump might look like — and the result was much more active than ever before.
Oliver obviously loves and appreciates having a platform from which to spread facts and encourage change. But he knows that no matter how good, thoughtful, unique, and funny as his team's segments are — and they are some of the best out there — their work will all be for nothing if his fans' involvement with the show begins and ends with commiseration.
The first three seasons of Last Week Tonight are available to stream on HBO Go, with extended clips available on the show's YouTube channel. Season four debuts Sunday, February 12, at 11 pm on HBO.
Is History
Converging?
Again? Jürgen
Schmidhuber
June 2006
(updated 2012) Associate an error bar of not much more than 10 percent with each date below This page is based on the concluding section of J. Schmidhuber: New Millennium AI and the Convergence of History. In W. Duch and J. Mandziuk, eds., Challenges to Computational Intelligence, Springer, 2006. Preprint: arxiv.org/abs/cs.AI/0606081, June 2006. Update of 2012: In Singularity Hypotheses, Springer, 2013. PDF of preprint. Summary. Essential historic developments (that is, the subjects of major chapters in many history textbooks) match a binary scale marking exponentially declining temporal intervals, each half the size of the previous one and equal to a power of 2 times a human lifetime (roughly 80 years - throughout recorded history many individuals have reached this age). It seems that history itself is about to converge around 2040 in an Omega Point (Teilhard de Chardin, 1916) or Historic Singularity (Stanislaw Ulam, 1958) - compare Schmidhuber's computer history speedup law. Or is this impression just a by-product of the way humans allocate memory space to past events? Scroll down for more!
~29 lifetimes or
~40,000 years ago Modern humans start colonizing the world from Africa
~28 lifetimes ago or
~20,000 years ago Bow and arrow invented; hunting revolution
~27 lifetimes ago or
~10,000 years ago Invention of agriculture; first permanent settlements; beginnings of civilization; colonization of the Americas
~26 lifetimes ago or
~5,000 years ago First high civilizations (Sumeria, Egypt), and the most important invention of recorded history, namely, the one that made recorded history possible: writing
~25 lifetimes ago or
~2,500 years ago Axial Age: The ancient Greeks invent democracy and found Western science/art/philosophy, from algorithmic procedures and formal proofs to anatomically perfect sculptures, harmonic music, and organized sports. Old Testament written; major Asian religions founded. Persian empire is only empire ever to encompass close to 50% of humankind. High civilizations in China, origin of the first calculation tools, and India, origin of the zero
~24 lifetimes ago
8th century AD Bookprint (often called the most important invention of the past 2000 years) invented in China . Islamic science and culture start spreading across large parts of the known world (this has frequently been called the most important event between Antiquity and the age of discoveries)
Omega - 23 lifetimes
15th century AD The largest empire ever stretches from Korea all the way to Germany. Chinese fleets and later also European vessels start exploring the world. Gun powder and guns invented in China. Rennaissance and printing press (often called the most influential invention of the past 1000 years) followed by the Reformation in Europe. Begin of the Scientific Revolution
Omega - 22 lifetimes
18th century Age of enlightenment and rational thought in Europe. Massive progress in mathematics, astronomy, optics, and physics in general; first flying machines; first steam engines to power the Industrial Revolution
Omega - 2 lifetimes
around 1880 Combustion engines, cheap electricity, and modern chemistry power the Second Industrial Revolution. Birth of modern medicine through the germ theory of disease. Genetic theory, evolution theory, globalization, Marxism, European colonialism at its short-lived peak
Omega - 1 lifetime
around 1960 Modern post-World War II society and pop culture emerges. The world-wide super-exponential population explosion is at its peak. Threat of humanity's extinction through hydrogen bombs; first spacecraft and commercial computers; DNA structure unveiled
Omega - 1/2 lifetime around 2000 Cheap personal computers and the World Wide Web power the Third Industrial Revolution - at the moment of this writing (2006) we are still living through this. A mathematical theory of optimal universal artificial intelligence emerges - will this be considered a milestone in the future?
Omega - 1/4 lifetime
around 2020 First superhuman visual pattern recognition results in limited domains. First computers match brains in terms of raw computing power.
Omega - 1/8 lifetime
around 2030 ??
Omega - 1/16 lifetime ????
Omega - 1/32 lifetime ????????
Omega - 1 year ????????????????
Previous publications on this topic: According to Schmidhuber's speedup law (2003), since 1623 the delays between successive radical breakthroughs in computer science have decreased exponentially: each new one came roughly twice as fast as the previous one; they seem to converge around Omega = 2040. Compare the original article arxiv:cs.AI/0302012 or the local copy. Also compare the concept of an approaching historic singularity (Stanislaw Ulam, 1958), which apparently inspired Vernor Vinge's writings on the technological singularity. See also more recent books on this topic by Hans Moravec, Ray Kurzweil and others.
Fibonacci Web Design by
Juergen Schmidhuber Omega!
And then
what? Wishful thinking? The following disclosure should help the reader to take this list with a grain of salt. The author, who admits being very interested in witnessing the Omega point, was born in 1963, and therefore perhaps should not expect to live long past 2040. This may motivate him to uncover certain historic patterns that fit his desires, while ignoring other patterns that do not. Again? Others may feel attracted by the same trap. For example, Kurzweil (2005) plots exponential speedups in sequences of historic paradigm shifts identified by various historians, to back up the hypothesis that "the singularity is near." His historians are all contemporary though, presumably being subject to a similar bias. People of past ages might have held quite different views. For example, possibly some historians of the year 1525 felt inclined to predict a convergence of history around 1540, deriving this date from an exponential speedup of recent breakthroughs such as Western bookprint (around 1444), the re-discovery of America (48 years later), the Reformation (again 24 years later - see the pattern?), and other events they deemed important although today they are mostly forgotten.
There's bleak, and then there's pull-the-covers-over-your-head, tremble-and-hope-it-stops bleak, which is the state in which server manufacturers find themselves.
The research outfit IDC has just issued its second-quarter data on the server market, and it shows server sales falling off by 30 percent year-over-year, to $9.8 billion. As it turns out, that number stands as the lowest three-month total since IDC began keeping track of such things on a quarterly basis in 1996.
In short, we're back at pre-Internet boom days, when hardly anyone knew what a server was.
All of the major server makers have suffered at the hands of the horrendous economy and tight technology budgets. I.B.M., the top dog in terms of revenue, had sales drop by 26 percent year-over-year, to $3.4 billion in the second quarter. Hewlett-Packard's sales tumbled 30 percent, to $2.8 billion, and Dell's sales slid 27 percent, to $1.2 billion.
And Oracle finds itself inheriting a rapidly deflating Sun Microsystems, where sales dropped 37 percent, to $981 million.
Despite the grim immediate news, IDC cast its typically optimistic eye toward the future.
“Fewer servers have been shipped over the past four quarters than at any time since 2005, and it is clear that the worldwide server-installed base is aging rapidly,” Matt Eastwood, an IDC researcher said in a statement. “In the weeks and months ahead, IDC believes that I.T. customers around the globe will begin to focus on the future once again.”
He also said that he expected customers to make more purchasing decisions in the next business cycle, which would drive “more predictable server demand as market conditions stabilize in the second half of 2009.”
The message of hope for the year ahead has been echoed by executives at companies like Dell and H.P. There's a belief that customers simply can't keep running their old hardware for much longer, especially when things like virtualization software and more power-efficient servers offer long-term cost savings.
If a meaningful recovery does take place, it could result in a real shift in the traditional makeup of the server market.
Sun has been struggling for many quarters and will face the added burden of trying to placate customers while going through its acquisition by Oracle. On the flip side, Cisco Systems has tried to crack into the server market during the downturn, pitching a system packed with networking equipment and virtualization software as just the right product for companies looking to modernize their data centers.
And Dell finds itself in a strange middle ground, lacking the heft and breadth of H.P. and I.B.M., but boasting a bustling cloud-computing server business and more innovation.
Meanwhile, H.P. and I.B.M. argue that their size and stability should play well with customers hunting for some peace of mind.
With so many different strategies, the server makers should put on quite the show as they battle for every available data-center dollar.
'He's taking the spotlight': Obama under fire from 9/11 families as he prepares to meet SEAL heroes who took out Bin Laden
Advertisement
Obama will visit SEAL Team Six to thank them for killing Bin Laden
Families of 9/11 victims angry at the way Obama handled his death, saying he 'took the spotlight'
George Bush 'angry' at lack of recognition for finding and killing Bin laden
Obama started tour of New York yesterday by visiting firefighters who lost 15 men in 9/11
After facing criticism from the families of 9/11 victims who claim he 'took the spotlight' over Bin Laden's death, it has emerged that President Obama will visit Fort Campbell, Kentucky, today to personally thank the Navy SEAL commandos who took down the al Qaeda leader.
Fort Campbell is home to the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, which it is thought flew the SEAL teams to Bin Laden's Abbottabad compound.
According to a White House official, Obama has already met Vice Admiral William McRaven, thought to be the man in charge of the Bin Laden raid.
The visit is part of a series of stops on a tour the President has embarked on since the SEALs took the terror leader out on Sunday.
Yesterday, he started his trip to new York by visiting firefighters who lost 15 men in the attack as well as laying a wreath at Ground Zero in a ceremony dedicated to the thousands who lost their lives on September 11, 2001.
Despite keeping it deliberately low key - privately speaking to relatives of those who lost their lives as well as firefighters and policemen caught up in the tragedy - he has had to fend off accusations that he was revelling in the death of Osama bin Laden on Sunday.
Scroll down for video
Bowed: US President Barack Obama lays a wreath at the 9/11 Memorial in New York today. Obama took a defiant message to the New York epicentre, warning that Osama bin Laden's death proved America will never fail to bring terrorists to 'justice'
View: Obama is seen today in front of the Freedom Tower, erected close by where The World Trade Centre towers formerly stood
President Barack Obama hugs Diane Wall, wife of Glen James Wall who died at the World Trade Center attack
Some relatives of the 9/11 victims have criticised him for his 'self-congratulatory' handling of the killing.
One, Debra Burlingame, said the president was 'using families in what is a transparent political ploy'.
Her brother, Charles Burlingame, was the pilot whose plane crashed into the Pentagon.
She said she was pleased Bin Laden had been killed, but was shocked when Mr Obama turned his back when she confronted him over the prosecution of the CIA agents who interrogated 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
She told Fox News: 'I was very upfront, I said Mr President, I've been one of your most ardent critics, but on Sunday night I was very proud of you, I was very appreciative of what you helped make happen, and I was very proud of America.
'And then he hugged me, but then I said I have a question for you.'
Angry: Debra Burlingame, the sister of Charles 'Chic' Burlingame, the pilot of the plane that crashed into the Pentagon, met with President Obama where she said he 'turned his back on her'
She said: 'As a former attorney I know you can't tell the Attorney General what to do, he said, "No, I can't."
But I said "we - that shouldn't stop you from giving your opinion. We wouldn't be here today if they hadn't done their jobs. Can't you at least give them your opinion."
And he said "no I won't," and he turned around and walked away.'
David Beamer, whose son, Todd Beamer, helped stop hijackers on the fourth 9/11 plane, also criticised the president.
Mr Beamer said Bin Laden's death was 'a cause for joy', but he told Fox News: 'I feel some chagrin now, though, about how the rest of it has been handled.
'And frankly it started May Day 2011 when the president announced what had happened.
'The excessive use of the personal pronoun that he used in his remarks, I really felt that was the beginning of the Commander-in-Chief putting too much spotlight on himself, taking too much credit for what the remarkable Americans had done.'
Mr Beamer went on to criticise the praise heaped on Mr Obama for taking the decision to kill Bin Laden, saying once the CIA had found the compound there was nothing else he could have done.
He said: 'It's been hailed as one of the greatest wartime decisions, bold, gutsy, but quite frankly under the facts and circumstances I think it was anything but that.'
Though there was heavy security, New Yorkers still turned out by the hundreds yesterday to gather just southeast of the World Trade Centre site and line the roads to watch the president's motorcades.
Bush was name checked only once during Sunday night's historic speech
New York City police tackled a man to the ground, pointing a gun at his head after he yelled 'Secret Service, coming through' in order to get past throngs of onlookers as President Barack Obama made a visit to ground zero.
Officers believed he was acting suspiciously. They emptied his messenger bag, then brought him inside a post office located steps from the trade centre site, before releasing him shortly afterwards.
There were happy faces and flags waved in the crowd though they were cordoned off blocks from where the president entered the ground zero site.
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who led the city in dark days after the attacks, joined Obama during the day.
Obama began his tour of New York by visiting firefighters who lost colleagues when the World Trade Centre towers fell.
In a private meeting, Barack Obama had lunch with the men of engine company 54 - known as the 'Pride of Midtown' - who lost 15 of their colleagues on September 11.
The visit is Obama's first visit to ground Zero as President.
Obama ate a lunch of eggplant parmigiana with the firefighters before moving to Ground Zero for his wreath laying ceremony.
There was tight security around the fire house, with extraordinary scenes as tens of city sanitation trucks formed a ring of steel around the block.
Inside the fire house, the President gave an informal speech in which he praised the men of Engine 54 saying: 'This is a symbolic site of extraordinary sacrifice which was made on that terrible day.
'What happened on Sunday sent a message around the world that when we say we will never forget, we mean what we say.'
Chief of fire house Edward Kilduff said afterwards: 'The president was kind enough to visit our fire house today.
'I think the president connected well with the firefighters for what they did on September 11.
'It was a wonderful lunch, a very informal lunch, there was a little bantering back and forth , while at the same time remembering that the military and families continue to make sacrifices.'
Others were not so pleased about the President's visit and one family even turned down an invitation to meet him saying it was 'kinda lame'
Jan and John Vigiano lost both their sons on 9/11. John Vigiano Jr, 36, was a FDNY firefighter, and their youngest, Joe was an NYPD detective.
They said they nearly deleted the invitation when it arrived in their inbox, thinking it was spam.
US President Barack Obama(R) arrives and shakes hands with First Responders today
President Barack Obama (2nd R) carries a wreath with police and firefighters during a wreath laying ceremony at Ground Zero
Barack Obama greets New York City uniformed officers during a visit to the World Trade Centre today
Mr Vigiano told Pix 11: 'It says "Dear 9-11 family member" - no names. I don't know if its disrespectful, but it doesn't work for me.'
And he said whatever happened, there would be 'no closure' for their sons' deaths.
Former president George W. Bush also turned down his invitation to the ceremony today.
A highly-placed insider told the New York Daily News Bush felt it 'was for the benefit of Obama, and Obama withheld credit from people Bush believes deserved it.'
Obama arrived in New York City yesterday after rejecting calls to release photos of a slain bin Laden so the world could see some proof of death. The president said he would not risk giving propaganda to extremists or gloat by publicizing grotesque photos of a terrorist leader shot in the head.
To those who keep on doubting, Obama said, 'You will not see bin Laden walking on this earth again.'
The visit comes as it emerged former president George Bush was 'rubbed the wrong way' by Barack Obama for not being given credit in the discovery and killing of Osama Bin Laden.
Bush, who arguably set up the intelligence infrastructure that led to Bin Laden's bloody assassination, was 'rubbed the wrong way' after the President failed to acknowledge his predecessor in the aftermath of Sunday's kill operation.
Visit: President Barack Obama and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, right, meet with firefighters and first responders at Engine 54, Ladder 4, Battalion 9 before visiting the National Sept. 11 Memorial at Ground Zero
Humbled: President Barack Obama speaks to assembled firefighters in mid town before taking lunch with the men
New York city police officers arrest a man near Ground Zero as President Obama leaves a wreath laying ceremony. He was released shortly afterwards
When asked what they talked about, Chief Kilduff joked: 'A little bit of Yankees, a little bit of Mets and little bit of Red Sox.'
Between the station's 15 victims, 28 children lost parents on 9/11.
Smiles: President Barack Obama meets with police officers and first responders at the First Precinct before visiting the National Sept. 11 Memorial at Ground Zero
Speaking to the New York Daily News, a highly placed Bush insider said: 'He doesn't feel personally snubbed and appreciates the invitation, but Obama's claiming all the credit and a lot of other people deserve some of it.
'Obama gave no credit whatsoever to the intelligence infrastructure the Bush administration set up that is being hailed from the left and right as setting in motion the operation that got Bin Laden.
'It rubbed Bush the wrong way.'
While the President spoke privately to the families of those affected on 9/11, Vice President Joe Biden greeted relatives and first responders at the Pentagon today.
It was confirmed this week that Obama will mark the tenth anniversary of 9/11 in New York City at the formal opening of the national memorial to the nearly 3,000 people who died in the terrorist attacks.
Until now Obama has spent the anniversary at the Pentagon, with Biden leading ceremonies at Ground Zero.
The bustling construction site that Obama visited bears little resemblance to the pit that remained after the rubble of the towers was removed.
The emerging skyscraper informally known as Freedom Tower is more than 60 stories high now. Mammoth fountains and reflecting pools mark the footprints of the fallen twin tower s.
The President has steered clear of even mentioning the Bush team's efforts to capture Bin Laden, only hinting at the previous administration when he said: 'Over the last 10 years, thanks to the tireless and heroic work of our military and our counter-terrorism professionals, we've made great strides.'
Bush was name checked only once during Sunday night's historic speech, when he added: 'I've made clear, just as President Bush did shortly after 9/11, that our war is not against Islam.'
Obama had invited Bush to today's ceremony, a gesture Bush turned down.
Speaking to the paper, another source said Bush felt the invitation 'was for the benefit of Obama, and Obama withheld credit from people Bush believes deserved it.'
Vice President Joseph Biden (C), and U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates (2nd-L) participate in a wreath laying ceremony to honor the victims of the September 11 at the Pentagon
Police and onlookers near Ground Zero await the arrival of President Barack Obama
Tough: New York City police officers stand guard outside Ground Zero ahead of President Barack Obama's visit
Obama's New York visit was intended to have a measured tone compared to George Bush's famous bullhorn speech in the days after 9/11.
Standing amid the rubble, the Bush speech has become an iconic picture in the 'war on terror'.
When one worker yelled, 'I can't hear you,' the president responded: 'I can hear you, The rest of the world hears you, And the people — and the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon.'
Now: Almost ten years after 9/11, work is well under way on reconstructing the Ground Zero site
All these years later, Obama said this is no time for gloating. 'We don't need to spike the football,' he said as he told CBS he would keep bin Laden's death photos sealed.
White House spokesman Jay Carney called today's visit by the President a, 'cathartic moment for the American people.'
Obama does not even have scheduled remarks during his trip.
Yet it is likely Obama will make comments during his time at the 9/11 memorial, where he will lay a wreath.
Jim Riches, whose firefighter son was among the nearly 3,000 people killed at the World Trade Center, planned to meet with the president on Thursday.
'I just want to thank him, hug him and thank him and shake his hand," Riches said. "Father to father. Thank you for doing this for me.'
The White House said Obama will meet privately with families of those killed in the attacks and with the emergency workers who rushed to help.
Iconic: President George W. Bush speaks to rescue workers, firefighters and police officers from the rubble of Ground Zero September 14, 2001
By Tony Cartalucci
Did you know nearly 100,000 people in Flint Michigan are still drinking poisoned water?
That should be no surprise. The government and institutions charged and trusted to ensure the residents of this Michigan city had safe drinking water already demonstrated criminal levels of negligence and corruption, causing the problem to begin with. Expecting these same people and the system they represent to solve the problem lingers somewhere between the unreasonable and the absurd.
US President Barack Obama declared a federal emergency in Flint over a year ago – meaning that the problem isn't just corrupt, negligent, and criminal politicians in Flint – but that the incompetence and impotence goes all the way to Washington.
A year on and the “solutions” presented have ranged from simply forcing residents to buy bottled water and unsustainable charity providing those bottles, to superficial, even deceptive measures like replacing home faucets instead of the miles of poisoned plumbing running through the city.
As for actually fixing Flint's plumbing, government estimates range from “millions” to “billions” indicating no serious thought has been given to even so much as planning an infrastructure overhaul.
It is most certainly a showcase for the absolute failure of government. But could it be a showcase for something more positive?
A Showcase For Alternatives
Anarchists and agorists propose that there is virtually no problem that cannot be solved through the market – voluntary exchanges between free citizens contributing to a better future. The few, semi-permanent solutions that have presented themselves in Flint have certainly leaned more toward this direction.
Atmospheric water generator (AWG) company, EcoloBlue, donated 250 of their machines to the residents of Flint. However, at 1,200 dollars a piece, and requiring proprietary filtration systems, it is hardly the right fit for this particular market. Beyond charity or a large government subsidy, these machines will not reach many more people.
The EcoloBlue units also include features that may not be as necessary and have helped contribute to their relatively steep price. These include hot and cold water dispensing capabilities and a computerized touch-screen monitoring and control system.
Creating a barebones design that both fits the market in Flint and provides reliable, decentralized, and most importantly clean water production for people, should not be a difficult challenge to meet for local entrepreneurs, innovators, and makers – or even EcoloBlue itself.
An opensource design, based on a simple dehumidifier with stainless steel condensers and a widely available, generic water filtration system could easily be developed and fabricated in virtually any machine shop or makerspace in the state. While the costs will need to be low, the market for efficient, simple, and opensource water generators may make up in volume what is lost in big-ticket sales. Small businesses that form around this project could branch out, building a line of products to target different markets and price ranges over time.
Larger units operated by business owners and community centers like churches and clubs, could bottle and dispense/deliver clean water to residents as a stop gap. There is a potential to create water-independence in Flint like some communities have created for food and energy elsewhere.
It is the prefect project for technologically informed anarchists and agorists to prove their principles in practice, facing and overcoming a challenge government has demonstrably failed to meet. It is also a perfect opportunity to gain a foothold in the area of water independence, a crucial but often overlooked aspect of moving from centralization to localization.
Fighting a Forgotten Battle
Michigan-based Libertarian politician Tiffany Hayden has spent a large amount of time attempting to draw attention to the Flint water crisis – with many people believing – thanks to the corporate media – that the crisis is long over.
She has also attempted to approach local charity organizations, lobby the government, and stir up public support for action – any action – to address the crisis.
She laments that even residents who are literally drinking poisoned water, have been lulled into apathy by handouts, superficial remedies, and an overall lack of awareness and leadership. Because lead poisoning is gradual, residents do not make an instinctive link between the poisoned water they are drinking and the problems it is causing in terms of health – both mental and physical.
While proponents of anarchy and agorism tell Hayden that asking the government to solve a problem of the government's own creation is futile – making a valid point – and “free market” solutions are the alternative – no tangible solutions have actually been proposed, let alone implemented.
Solving the Flint water crisis, however, would go far in validating anarchy and agorism as no longer ideologies, but an actual tool set used to solve real world problems when politics and politicians inevitably fail.
The problem facing free-market proponents attempting to prove their principles work better in practice than the existing system, is how to approach and “sell” clean, opensource, decentralized water independence to the people of Flint and beyond.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! And if charity or crowdfunding is employed during the Flint water crisis, it should be focused on permanent solutions that provide permanent water independence – not bottles of water that are literally here today and gone tomorrow and benefiting only corporations like Nestle, Pepsi, and Coke instead of local businesses. Inspiration Elon Musk has dedicated himself to two apparent goals – making humanity a multiplanetary species, and creating solar-electric infrastructure. His electric car company, Tesla Motors, approached enthusiastic people first, then with successive models, he made his cars both more appealing to regular people and more accessible. Throughout the growth of all of his businesses, he carefully balanced market realities against his own ideals. In other words, ideals that ignore market realities will remain intangible ideals. And pursuing market realities without ideals becomes aimless and unsustainable. He has stated that he believes nearly all problems can be solved in the markets. Luckily for those attempting to move into water independence, the technological hurdles are not quite as steep as launching rockets into space or designing and manufacturing thousands of electric cars. And because Flint is already undergoing a long-term water crisis, those making machines to address the crisis can likely find labs at local universities to help test the water their machines produce to ensure it is not only safer than Flint's poisoned water, but safer than anything available, even in a bottle. Resources Below is a list of makerspaces in Michigan that likely have the tools and talent, and perhaps even the business acumen to approach and overcome this crisis. Solving it will not only provide them with viable small businesses, but will also highlight for a wider audience the growing role in their community their makerspaces play as important local institutions. GR Makers: (Grand Rapids) https://www.grmakers. com/
com/ Geek Group: (Grand Rapids) http://thegeekgroup. org/
org/ Steamworks: (Flint) http://www. flintsteamworks.org/
flintsteamworks.org/ Jackson Makerspace: (Jackson) http:// jacksonmakerspace.org/wp/
jacksonmakerspace.org/wp/ i3Detroit: (Detroit) https://www. i3detroit.org/
i3detroit.org/ Omni Corps Detroit: (Detroit) https:// omnicorpdetroit.com/blog/
omnicorpdetroit.com/blog/ Maker Works: (Ann Arbor) http://maker-works.com/
All Hands Active: (Ann Arbor) http://www. allhandsactive.org/
allhandsactive.org/ Tech Shop: (Detroit) http://www.techshop. ws/ts_detroit.html
ws/ts_detroit.html Lancing Makers Network: (Lancing) https://www. lansingmakersnetwork.org/ An introduction to atmospheric water generators via Wikipedia: https://en. wikipedia.org/wiki/ Atmospheric_water_generator LocalOrg, where this article first appeared, seeks to explore local solutions to global problems by empowering people locally with education and technology to not only survive, but to thrive.
American doctors tend to be the highest paid in the world, with salaries that can double that of their counterparts outside the United States. That makes it all the more surprising that doctors here tend to have way lower rates of job satisfaction, according to new research from the Commonwealth Fund.
The nonprofit surveyed primary care doctors in 10 industrialized countries. American doctors turned out to have the lowest rates of job satisfaction. When asked whether our health-care system worked well, about 15 percent agreed.
It's worth thinking a bit about the factors driving the low rates of satisfaction. It doesn't seem to be salary: While primary care doctors earn less than specialists, their salaries still outpace those of their international counterparts.
A lot of the frustration seems to stem from a lack of health-care access: In 2012, 59 percent of American doctors reported that their patients had difficulty paying for care. "Satisfaction with primary health care practice appears to be related to physicians' perceptions of patients' access to care," the authors of this report write. "Within eight of the study countries (all but Australia and France), doctors concerned about patient access were significantly less likely to be satisfied with practicing medicine (data not shown)."
The lack of access in the United States has a lot to do with our high uninsured rate. It also has to do with prices: the unit costs for health care are hugely higher in the United States than they are in other countries. A hip replacement in the United States can cost three times as much as it does in France.
One other element tends to be a lack of coordination. The United States came in at the bottom of the pack when the Commonwealth Fund surveyed doctors on whether they got looped in on their patients' care. Sixteen percent were informed when a patient's drug regiment changed. Twenty-three percent said they would know if their patient had made a trip to the emergency room. You can see the full results here:
The lack of coordination in the United States, coupled with the barriers to access, seem to be two of the key factors that have the vast majority of primary care doctors thinking that the health-care system we have right now just isn't working.
Founded in 1850, the Arkansas School for the Deaf (ASD) is a state-run public school in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States, serving deaf and hard of hearing students through residential, day school, and part-time enrollment programs. The school offers preschool through high school, and is affiliated with the Arkansas Association of the Deaf (AAD) and the National Association of the Deaf (NAD).
The school is located near the Arkansas School for the Blind (ASB) and both are administered by a five-member panel known as the Board of Trustees ASB-ASD.
Schools [ edit ]
Located within the same 40 acre campus are the following schools:
Arkansas School for the Deaf High School—serves students in grades 9 through 12. The high school has been accredited by AdvancED since 1979. [2]
Arkansas School for the Deaf Middle School—serves students in grades 6 through 8.
Arkansas School for the Deaf Elementary School—serves students in prekindergarten through grade 5. The elementary school is accredited by AdvancED since 1979.[3]
Extracurricular activities [ edit ]
The Arkansas School for the Deaf mascot and athletic emblem is the Leopard and blue and gold are the school colors. In 2012, the Deaf Leopard was named the nation's No. 1 mascot due to its likeness to the popular rock band, Def Leppard.[4]
Athletics [ edit ]
The Leopards are members of the National Deaf Interscholastic Athletic Association (NDIAA) and two different athletic conferences:
The Great Plains School for the Deaf (GPSD) and,
The Arkansas Association of Christian Schools (AACS).
The ASD Leopards compete in football, volleyball, cheer, basketball, soccer and Special Olympics. Throughout its history, ASD has competed against other Arkansas public and private schools administered by the Arkansas Activities Association (AAA).
ASD won a state basketball championship in 1949.
Clubs and traditions [ edit ]
ASD students participate in a variety of clubs and organizations including Junior National Association of the Deaf, SkillsUSA, Journalism, Optimism, Yearbook Staff, National Science Fair Competition, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, Student Council and Singing Fingers.
See also [ edit ]
Everyone take a moment and pull up a chair. It's time for a short Fantasy Soccer economics lesson by my friend Cullly from the r/FantasyPL subreddit and TotalFPL site.
The whole point of Fantasy football games is to find value players.
This is a really short version of what we chatted about at TotalFPL the other night. Essentially, if you are able to get players in your team that add value, you will have more money to spend on players. All of this is based on transfers. The more transfers of a player the more his value will change (either rise or fall). Cullly is currently working on trying to get a site up that will help see how close a player is to having a price rise or fall. Until then, I'll try to post some of the information here (It's long).
Price Rises
Keepers
None
Defenders
Josh Williams (CLB) +$0.1
Midfielders
Mike Magee (LA) $0.1
Diego Valeri (POR) $0.1
Graham Zusi (KC) $0.1
Forwards
Dominic Oduro (CLB) $0.1
Federico Higuaín (CLB) $0.1
Fabian Espindola (NY) $0.1
Price Falls
Keepers
Chris Seitz (DAL) $ -0.1
Ryan Meara (NY) $ -0.1
Eric Kronberg (KC) $ -0.1
Brad Knighton (VAN) $ -0.1
Defenders
Bakary Soumare (PHI) $ -0.1
Jay DeMerit (VAN) $ -0.1
Eric Brunner (HOU) $ -0.1
Markus Holgersson (NY) $ -0.1
Carlos Valdes (PHI) $ -0.1
Rauwshan McKenzie (CHV) $ -0.1
David Horst (POR) $ -0.1
Adam Johansson (SEA) $ -0.1
Eriq Zavaleta (SEA) $ -0.1
Gale Agbossoumonde (TOR) $ -0.1
Midfielders
Danny Cruz (PHI) $ -0.1
Russell Teibert (VAN) $ -0.1
Carlos Alvarez (CHV) $ -0.1
Jaime Castrillon (COL) $ -0.1
Martin Rivero (COL) $ -0.1
Nick LaBrocca (COL) $ -0.1
Raphael de Silva (DC) $ -0.1
Ryan Hollingshead (DAL) $ -0.1
Cam Wilder (DAL) $ -0.1
Calum Mallace (MON) $ -0.1
Michael Stephens (LA) $ -0.1
Lloyd Sam (NY) $ -0.1
Ian Christianson (NY) $ -0.1
Miller Bolaños (CHV) $ -0.1
Leonardo Fernandes (PHI) $ -0.1
Jack Jewsbury (POR) $ -0.1
Cole Grossman (RSL) $ -0.1
Marvin Chavez (SJ) $ -0.1
Steve Zakuani (SEA) $ -0.1
Christian Tiffert (SEA) $ -0.1
Lamar Neagle (SEA) $ -0.1
Peterson Joseph (KC) $ -0.1
Luis Silva (TOR) $ -0.1
Matt Stinson (TOR) $ -0.1
Bryce Alderson (VAN) $ -0.1
Matt Watson (VAN) $ -0.1
Forwards
Danny Mwanga (COL) $ -0.1
Camilo Sanvezzo (VAN) $ -0.1
Will Bruin (HOU) $ -0.1
Omar Cummings (HOU) $ -0.1
Andrew Wenger (MON)$ -0.1
Gyasi Zardes (LA) $ -0.1
Antoine Hoppenot (PHI) $ -0.1
Jonathan Top (DAL) $ -0.1
Babayele Sodade (SEA) $ -0.1
Soony Saad (KC) $ -0.1
C.J. Sapong (KC) $ -0.1
Danny Koevermans (TOR) $ -0.1
Justin Braun (TOR) $ -0.1
Advertisements
Getting caught with a small amount of marijuana will no longer lead to an automatic arrest in the city of Chicago starting in August.
On Wednesday the Chicago City Council approved an ordinance that decriminalizes the possession of small amounts of pot. That means people caught with 15 grams of marijuana or less will be ticketed instead of arrested. Fines range from $250 to $500 and the ordinance goes into effect on August 4.
Aldermen voted 43-4 in favor of the ordinance. Some officials say the new law will allow police to spend more time patrolling streets and less time processing people on minor offenses.
"It's not working. We're wasting money," Alderman Danny Solis, who sponsored the measure, said of the current process on Wednesday. "How many of you don't want 2,500 days of police work back in those wards?"
"Nine out of ten arrests related to possession are dismissed. The average police officer is spending several hours to process an arrest. For it only to be thrown out," 42nd Ward Alderman Brendan Reilly said.
Solis also estimated the city would receive $7 million a year in revenue.
Fifteen grams of marijuana is roughly the equivalent of 15 marijuana cigarettes.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Chicago Police Supt. Garry McCarthy said the way police and the courts are currently dealing with pot amounts to a revolving door that leads nowhere.
"The person who is arrested knows what the judge is going to do. The police officer knows what the judge is going to do. We keep doing it over and over and expecting different results," Mayor Emanuel said. Of the 8,625 misdemeanor marijuana cases between 2006 and 2010 in Cook County, about 87-percent were dismissed, according to statistics from the Cook County Clerk of the Circuit Court.
People will still be arrested if they're under the age of 17; smoke pot in public; or carry it in a park or on school grounds.
Roberto Maldonado was among the three aldermen to oppose the changes.
"Are we going to see a spike in the public use of marijuana in many of the quarters of our neighborhood, especially in my ward?" Ald. Malondo said.
"What kind of message are we sending to kids when we tell them it's OK to use drugs?" 36th Ward Alderman Nicholas Sposato said.
Also at issue- the racial breakdown of those arrested with small amounts of marijuana. In 2011, 1,000 were white; 3,624 were Hispanic; and 15,862 were black.
"If you have been white and/or privileged, small amounts of marijuana had already been decriminalized because the only people who have been arrested for these types of crimes have been black and brown individuals," 21st Ward Alderman Howard Brookins said.
The ordinance was first proposed last November by Solis, who said that he did not ask his fellow aldermen to vote on it as a favor to Emanuel, who asked him to hold off until the police department could study the issue.
Emanuel and McCarthy suggested at the time that they were open to the idea of such an ordinance and earlier this month both came out in favor of it.
When he first introduced the ordinance, Solis talked extensively about how the millions of dollars the cash-strapped city could see as a result of ticketing for possession of small amounts of marijuana and giving a fine rather than having it be a misdemeanor that carries jail time.
Solis and others also expressed concern that the current law might not be enforced fairly, with Solis presenting statistics showing thousands of more arrests in predominantly black and Hispanic wards in the last decade than in affluent and predominantly white neighborhoods. Besides, they said, the arrests are a waste of time because the majority of those taken into custody see their charges dropped anyway.
But by the time Emanuel and McCarthy endorsed the ordinance, the biggest argument was tied to the city's surging homicide rate. Allowing police officers to write tickets for small marijuana amounts would mean that they could stay on the street in the city's most dangerous neighborhoods rather than in the station going through the time-consuming task of processing someone for a minor offense.
In a statement, McCarthy said that the arrests of more than 18,000 people for misdemeanor possession of 10 grams or fewer of marijuana "tied up more than 45,000 police hours" and that the "new ordinance nearly cuts that time in half ... freeing up cops to address more serious crime."
Solis agreed, saying that such an ordinance would mean the poorer neighborhoods on the city's south and west sides would not see police officers disappear for hours at a time as they do now when they make an arrest for those found with small amounts of marijuana.
"The police officer is now going to be more in the neighborhoods that need him or her than in the district doing paperwork," Solis said earlier this month.
The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved.
Illustration: Corey Brickley
This story is part of VICE's ongoing look at how climate change will have changed the world by the year 2050. Read more about the project here.
In 2050, your average trip to a sushi joint will most likely be demonstrably worse in one of two ways thanks to climate change: It'll either be ruinously expensive for those outside the One Percent—particularly if you enjoy tuna—or you'll be gobbling down all-you-can-eat sushi made of mostly unrecognizable fish byproducts.
A drop in the quality and abundance of a luxurious restaurant meal won't have an everyday impact on your your life unless you're some kind of Hollywood douchebag. But what the topic of sushi lacks in earth-shattering urgency—in contrast to the deadly flooding that will hit New York—it more than makes up for in inconvenience. Sushi might be a bougey luxury, but it's worth talking about because world of the future won't just be torn apart by disasters, it'll suck in a million tiny ways.
William Cheung, an associate professor and researcher at the University of British Columbia's Changing Ocean Research Unit and director of science at the Nippon Foundation-Nereus Program, crunched the numbers on fish and climate change for a 2010 report that forecasted as far into the future as 2055. "After we compiled all the data, the first thing that struck us was that we would be seeing really different fish on a sushi table in a couple of decades time," he told me. "Some of the fish that we can easily get in the average sushi restaurant across the street may not be so easy to get in the future, as they become really premium fish."
Cheung is familiar with how the supply of fish changes over time. "In Hong Kong, where I grew up, there were a bunch of fish we ate every day, but now it's become like a delicacy—things like yellow croaker, a fish that used to be one of the [most plentiful]," he said. "Now it's become so expensive that wild-caught yellow croaker is really difficult to have on the dinner table even in a restaurant."
Cheung and his colleagues at the Nippon Foundation-Nereus Program created a guide for the Japanese sushi market—essentially which fish stocks to buy, and which to sell. Their video is in Japanese, but it's pretty self-explanatory. Squid, shad, tuna, ark clams, shrimp, and salmon are all in trouble.
That's most of the sushi menu.
Warmer water and greater water acidity—both indicators of climate change, according to the EPA—will make life in the ocean tough or even impossible for many of the animals people like to eat with rice and tsume sauce. But these trends also dovetail with overfishing and habitat destruction, which will make these critters even scarcer.
Hotter weather may be the easiest part of climate change to wrap your head around, but the effect of all that carbon in the atmosphere is especially hard on the oceans, which act as carbon sinks. "Right now, a lot of it is staying absorbed by the oceans," according to Prosanta Chakrabarty, an ichthyologist at Louisiana State University. Much like that dorky friend who hangs onto your weed because the vice principal won't search his backpack, the oceans temporarily hold onto our carbon emissions for us. But that doesn't mean that metaphorical weed won't cause problems for your metaphorical buddy in the meantime. To wit: "It makes the water more acidic," Chakrabarty said.
Ocean acidification is wreaking havoc all over the sea, including in coral reefs. "As acidification happens, corals are bleached—they turn white and die because they can't maintain the symbiotic relationship with the invertebrate," Chakrabarty told me. You've probably heard this part before: Corals are dying quickly, so quickly they may soon be gone. Unless you're one of the relatively few people who visit coral reefs, this is an invisible consequence of climate change (you don't eat most of the reef fish that make up the colorful subterranean neighborhood at the beginning of Finding Nemo). But you'll notice acidification when you go out for sushi.
Right now, sushi fans mostly eat bigger fish like bluefin tuna—for those juicy, fatty toro rolls—and certain kinds of mackerel, sold as shiny, salty-sour "saba." According to Chakrabarty, these are in trouble. "Because they're at the top of the food chain, they rely on those coral reefs," he said.
When I spoke to Daniel Pauly, principal investigator for the Sea Around Us, a research initiative at the University of British Columbia, he doubted the shortage in tuna food would present too much of a problem for consumers by 2050, because tuna is "opportunistic." Additionally, since they're in such high demand, he figures fishermen will find them wherever they decide to spawn.
But a recent finding showed that acidic oceans may have a more direct impact on the reproduction of sushi fish. Cod—a non-sushi species thought to have been rendered endangered by overfishing—were shown last year to have been devastated by ocean acidity, he pointed out. "What it does to tuna eggs, I don't know," Pauly said. But, Pauly added, "I wouldn't bet on tuna being very abundant in 2050."
Pauly's forecast for shellfish sushi was similarly dire. Clams and scallops, he said, have a hard time creating the calcium carbonate they need so their shells can form and take root. Aquaculture farms in the Pacific Northwest—systems designed to churn out clams in large numbers—are watching clams fail to thrive, and it's an indication that young shellfish throughout the oceans are struggling to create shells. "They're having a hard time now, not later," Pauly said, and that means the price tag on your "akagi," or "surf clam" sushi morsels, could skyrocket in the very near future.
If there's any hope for the future of sushi, it may lie in creativity. "There may be new inventions of new sushi using new fish that may become available," Cheung suggested.
To cope with the disappearance of popular fish, some sushi chefs like Bun Lai of Miya's restaurant in New Haven, Connecticut (see the Munchies video above), are tossing out unsustainable fish like salmon and tuna and physically going out and gathering more ecologically conscious options from their surrounding ecosystem. In Lai's case, those options include invasive local crabs, Asian carp, insects, and foraged Connecticut plants for vegan rolls.
Sushi chefs who don't go Lai's route will be in for a rude awakening, according to Chakrabarty. He says in the sushi markets he visits for his research, the trends don't look good. Bluefin tuna are reaching outrageous prices—one fish recently sold for more than $600,000. Meanwhile, fisherman are plumbing deeper and deeper into the depths for fish that used to be abundant at shallower levels. In the process, Chakrabarty told me, they're also pulling out higher quantities of less popular deep-sea monsters like anglerfish. "You can tell that they're going deeper, and that's the future of fishing in the long-term."
According to Cheung's forecast, other options for keeping future sushi shops alive include something called "surimi," which his report encourages Japanese sushi chefs to use freely, since it's derived from an otherwise un-tasty fish called pollock, and it's what Cheung calls "a really low-priced sushi product." You've had surimi. It's that stuff they cobble together from odds and ends and call "artificial crab" or "krab"—essentially the seafood version of a hot dog. In the future Cheung sees, all-you-can-eat sushi buffets will have to get more creative than ever with the ways they market their surimi.
Citing a dark joke from one of his colleagues, Chakrabarty gave me an equally unappetizing long-term forecast: "The yuppies of the future are going to be eating jellyfish, because there aren't going to be enough fish to eat," he told me.
Follow Mike Pearl on Twitter.
Follow illustrator Corey Brickley on Instagram.
George Pollard Jr. (1791–1870) was the captain of the whalers Essex and Two Brothers, both of which sank. Pollard's life, including his encounter with the sperm whale that sank Essex, served as inspiration for Captain Ahab, the whale-obsessed character in Herman Melville's Moby-Dick.[1][2]
Life and work [ edit ]
Plaque on the Capt George Pollard house in Nantucket
George Pollard was born in Nantucket, Massachusetts, the son of Tamar (Bunker) and George Pollard,[3] a ship's captain, at a time when the principal industry there was hunting sperm whales to harvest the oil contained in their blubber and spermaceti. By the time he was 23 he had served on the Essex for four years in the capacities of second mate and first mate from 1815–1819.
In 1819, Pollard was appointed captain of Essex by the owners, Gideon Folger and Sons, and prepared to set sail for the Pacific Ocean in August. Other members of the 21-man crew included Owen Chase as first mate, Matthew Joy as second mate, and six other Nantucket men. Those included Pollard's seventeen-year-old cousin Owen Coffin with whose care and protection Pollard had been entrusted by his aunt, Nancy Bunker Coffin. To fill in the crew, others had to be recruited from Cape Cod and Boston; these were inexperienced seamen and were known as "green hands" by the Nantucketers.
Four days after leaving Nantucket the ship was struck by a sudden storm and suffered a knockdown, having been rolled almost ninety degrees onto her side. Two of the ship's whaleboats were lost and another was damaged. This mishap was caused in part by miscalculations on the part of Pollard and his officers, and in part by the inexperience of the crew. Pollard declared the damage was so extensive that they should return to Nantucket for repairs, but Chase and Joy persuaded him to go forward to the Azores and hope to replace the whaleboats there.
After a difficult passage around Cape Horn, the Essex arrived in the Pacific Ocean in January 1820. On 20 November 1820, in a remote area of the ocean, some 1,500 nautical miles (2,800 km) west of the Galapagos Islands, the Essex was struck twice by a huge sperm whale, estimated to be 85 feet (26 m) in length. With only three shipkeepers and the crew of Chase's whaleboat on board to repair their damaged vessel, the Essex began taking on water following the second collision with the whale. The crew abandoned the sinking vessel, taking the navigational equipment and Pollard's and Chase's sea chests with them. Meanwhile, Pollard and Joy were hunting smaller whales near the ship, and on their return found the Essex had capsized. The crew chopped off the masts (a necessary move that would enable the ship to stay upright for a longer time) and outfitted the whaleboats with sails and masts using the Essex's spars and sails. They also hastened to retrieve what provisions they could and divided them equally so that each whaleboat had 200 pounds of hardtack, 65 gallons of freshwater, and two Galapagos tortoises. The crew was divided into three whaleboats commanded by Pollard, Chase, and Joy and set sail with provisions estimated to last them 60 days. Pollard, Chase, and Joy set up a council to decide which direction to sail in. The closest islands were the Marquesas Islands, about 1,200 miles (1,900 km) west of their position but in those days the inhabitants there were believed to practice cannibalism. Pollard suggested sailing to the Society Islands, which were further away but presumed to be safer. However, on the grounds that very little was actually known about these islands, Chase and Joy disagreed, proposing instead to sail south far enough to pick up a band of variable breezes that would take them to South America. Once again, Captain Pollard reluctantly yielded to their arguments.
On 20 December, near starvation, the crews of the three whaleboats reached what they believed to be Dulcie island, but was actually Henderson Island. After seven days, they exhausted the island's meager supply of food and decided that the island could not sustain them and they reluctantly set sail again. Three of the men opted to remain on the island and were eventually rescued by the trading vessel Surry.
Sailing east towards South America, Pollard and Chase had seen Matthew Joy's health decline. He was transferred to Pollard's boat and shortly thereafter died. Obed Hendricks was given command of Joy's boat, and the three boats sailed on until during a gale one night Chase's boat became separated from the other two. By 20 January 1821 a crew member, Lawson Thomas, died just as the boats of Pollard and Hendricks had come to the end of their provisions. It was at this point that to survive their ordeal the men resorted to cannibalism. As other crew members died their bodies were eaten in turn until only four men were left alive on Pollard's boat. One of them, Charles Ramsdell proposed that lots should be drawn to determine who should be killed so that the rest might survive. Pollard at first resisted this suggestion but then gave in to the majority. The lot fell to his cousin Owen Coffin and lots were drawn again to determine who would be Coffin's executioner. Ramsdell drew the black spot and Coffin was shot and his remains eaten. After the death of Barzillai Ray some days later, Pollard and Ramsdell sailed on and were rescued on 23 February by the whaleship Dauphin and taken to Valparaíso. There they were reunited with the survivors of Chase's boat, Chase himself, Benjamin Lawrence and Thomas Nickerson, cabin boy of the Essex, who had been rescued by the British merchant ship Indian.
Upon his return to Nantucket on 5 August aboard the whaleship Two Brothers, Pollard had to face Nancy Bunker Coffin, who was distraught at the idea that Pollard was alive as a consequence of her son's death. Pollard was given command of the whaleship Two Brothers that had brought him home, and this voyage also ended in disaster when the ship ran into rocks off French Frigate Shoals and sank. This ended Pollard's whaling career. He made a single voyage in a merchant vessel and then spent the rest of his life as a night watchman on Nantucket.
Herman Melville is quoted by the Nantucket Historical Association as having said of Pollard, "To the islanders he was a nobody. To me, the most impressive man, tho' wholly unassuming, even humble – that I ever encountered."[4]
In popular culture [ edit ]
First Mate Chase and a ghostwriter wrote an account of the ordeal entitled Narrative of the Most Extraordinary and Distressing Shipwreck of the Whale-Ship Essex. This was published soon after the return of the survivors, and was an inspiration for the Herman Melville classic, Moby-Dick (1851). Much later, Cabin boy Nickerson wrote his own account of the voyage The Loss of the Ship Essex Sunk by a Whale and the Ordeal of the Crew in Open Boats. His manuscript was lost for nearly a century, but was discovered, authenticated and published in 1984. An account of the ordeal, using both Chase and Nickerson's works, was written by Nathaniel Philbrick in the 2000 non-fiction book, In the Heart of the Sea: The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex.
The source material for Moby Dick found itself an inspiration for movie adaptations in the mid-2010s as two of them were released in quick succession, and in which George Pollard himself became portrayed.
In 2013, the television movie The Whale was broadcast on BBC One on 22 December, wherein an elderly Thomas Nickerson recounted the events of Essex. Pollard was played by Adam Rayner.
In 2015, a film, In The Heart of the Sea, directed by Academy Award Winner Ron Howard, was released on 11 December, and in which Pollard was portrayed by Benjamin Walker.
A dramatized documentary titled Revenge of the Whale, was produced and broadcast on 7 September 2001 by NBC. The Pollard character was voiced by actor Jordan Gelber.[5]
References [ edit ]
by DAVE MARTINEZ
The Jacksonville Armada players gathered last week for a series of practice sessions under a cloud of uncertainty. On Wednesday afternoon, their future became clear.
Or perhaps a better word is bleak.
Sources tell EoS that Armada ownership has officially made the call to terminate all player contracts. The decision was made public to the players on Wednesday afternoon. Despite players participating in practice sessions last week, they will not be paid out for the month of December. Furthermore, players with multi-year contracts will not be compensated for the remainder of their deals either. As originally reported by Bob Williams of the Telegraph, Armada players were asked to sign non-disclosure agreements ahead of their dismissal — a request that was roundly rejected. Williams also reveals the team no longer has a communications director due to apparent layoffs in the front office.
The news comes just over a week from a similar situation with the New York Cosmos, where ownership followed staff furloughs with a mass release of their roster.
As reported by EoS, the Armada have already notified NASL that they will not be a part of the competition, in whatever form it may or may not take. However, with their ownership situation rumored to be in flux and uncertainty with their home grounds, it is not clear whether a USL jump will happen in time for the 2017 season.
UPDATE (2:09 P.M.)
Whether a reaction to this afternoon's piece or a change of heart from ownership, players who have been released will now be paid through the second week of the December. However, the team will not pay the final two weeks of 2016.
Also, players under multi-year deals will be dealt with in a case by case basis. Unlike the Cosmos situation, some of the contract verbiage must be sorted in the longer term deals before ultimately cutting the chord.
Again, ownership has indicated they want all players to be released. The immediacy of that demand, however, cannot be met across the board due to the above circumstances.
More on the story as this situation unfolds …
Blogger Turf Toe brings up what is almost certainly the most underreported story of this year's Super Bowl: Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck has been hit by lightning. Twice.
Not just that, but his wife Sarah has also been hit by lightning. We're not sure if it's the baldness, or that guarantee he made against the Packers a couple of years ago, or the fact that his brother is married to that lady from "The View." But clearly, Hasselbeck has done something to anger the gods. Perhaps he implied to Joey Porter than this team might, um, possibly have a chance of winning a game, at some point, maybe. Perhaps Joey Porter controls the weather too.
Honestly, though: The dude has been struck by lightning twice. That didn't come up at Media Day? Really?
My Super Bowl Pick [Turf Toe]
The college football headlines have been dominated by the SEC West once again this year, but it's time to throw some love to the Big Ten.
Vegasinsider.com currently has the No. 8 Michigan State Spartans as the favorites to win the inaugural College Football Playoff with 13-2 odds. Florida State and Mississippi State both sit at 7-1, while Alabama sits at 8-1.
Michigan State opened the season with 30-1 odds, but have seen them improve as other top teams continue to fall around them.
While the pundits might not think of the Spartans as the best team on the field, they certainly have the easiest road to get to the playoff. They face Indiana, Michigan, Ohio State, Maryland, Rutgers, and Penn State before playing in the Big Ten Championship game, should they make it there.
The Buckeyes are the only team ranked that's left on the schedule, and the Spartans get that game at home in East Lansing.
Michigan State's defense is one of the country's elite again this season, allowing just only 304 total yards a game, while their offense is much improved, averaging over 500 yards a game and are first in the nation in time of possession.
RELATED ARTICLES
Evaluating Michigan State's Chances at Making the College Football Playoff
Amazon.com customers are once again accusing the online retailer of removing video game reviews that criticize the use of SecuROM Digital Rights Management (DRM).
The site says unfavorable reviews aren't being censored, claiming they have accidentally been removed due to a "technical glitch" in automated filtering.
Electronic Arts expansion to the game Crysis , called Crysis Warhead , has recently been hammered in Amazon's customer review section in protest of its use of the maligned SecuROM copy protection. A vast majority of reviews (at publication, 78%) give the game a 1-star rating. A good many forgo an actual critique of the game itself in favor of simply deriding the DRM.
A similar (and more widely reported) negative reception was given to EA's Spore for the very same reason. Many have compared SecuROM's function to malware because it's often installed without the customer's knowledge and continues to monitor the PC even after the game is un-installed.
Soon after Spore accumulated a hefty sum of customer complaints, some cried foul when Amazon's UK store appeared to have yanked hundreds of customer reviews. They claimed the site was censoring negative reviews in order to help encourage sales.
At the time, an Amazon representative told El Reg the site was "encountering technical difficulties which are preventing some customer reviews from appearing on product detail pages."
But the situation seems a bit more suspicious when the exact same thing happened to Crysis Warhead over at the US site.
Here's some fun with Google cache. The following screenshot clips are from the game's Amazon page circa October 16:
And here's what it looked like this morning:
Questionable, yes? Note which rating category most reviews were deleted from.
With a great "ah ha!" we return to our Amazon spokeswoman.
"It turns out that similar to the Spore incident, some customer reviews were accidentally removed from the Crysis detail page because of a technical glitch," she responded. "Amazon did not knowingly or consciously choose to remove the reviews. The team is working on resolving this issue now and restoring all the reviews on the site."
That still seemed suspect. Upon further pressing, she elaborated a bit.
"I can't get into the specifics, but there are some safeguards to try and ensure that customer reviews fall within Amazon's customer review guidelines. Sometimes those safeguards pick up on content that seems questionable and removes it."
Amazon's guidelines doesn't seem to have anything barring DRM criticism, other than requesting reviews focus on specific features of the product.
But evidently, something in Amazon's system is flagging waves of 1-star reviews as a violation. As of publication, the site has restored the missing customer reviews. The game presently resides at a one-and-a-half-star average rating with 204 reviews.
A flood of negative review certainly could be the sort of thing that makes Amazon's system blink. One would think, however, there would be some human eyes involved in the process before over 100 reviews are deleted. Either way, it's fortunate some vigilant customers are out there keeping the site honest. ®
Once in a while, we hear stories about people who find extraordinary strength in a time of crisis. Aaron Cole, a college student from Grass Lake, is fortunate those stories can be true. Otherwise he'd probably be dead. Cole, 24, and his girlfriend, Shelly Johnson, 22, also a college student from Grass Lake, were headed to Maine on a vacation when disaster struck Aug. 18. "We were in New Hampshire when we saw a beautiful waterfall and decided to climb to the top," said Cole, a graduate student studying speech pathology at Eastern Michigan University.On the hike, Cole started fooling around by walking in the water. It was not incredibly steep, but the water had lots of slippery algae and rocks. To Johnson, it looked dangerous. She pleaded with her boyfriend to get back on dry ground. "He's one of those daredevil kids, so it (the warning) did not do any good," Johnson said. Suddenly Cole slipped. For a split second, it seemed OK. "Then I lost control and could not stop," he said. He careened about 120 feet, bashing his head on rocks. He stopped, bloody and unconscious, face-down in a pool of water. That was actually a lucky break because he just missed sliding off a tall drop-off. His second lucky break was the fact his girlfriend of four years is a senior nursing student at the University of Michigan. Cole was not breathing when she reached him, so she gave him a few "rescue breaths." It worked. Cole coughed and spit water. Johnson took off her swimming suit to bandage gashes on his head, then carried him down a hill that took them 45 minutes to climb. Most of the way, she said, she cradled him, talked to him and tried to keep him conscious. "With head injuries, I knew it was important to keep him from going into a coma," she said. Johnson is athletic  a state champion hurdler at Grass Lake  but it defies explanation that she, at 115 pounds, carried a 160-pound man so far. "She tried picking me up again the other day and could hold me for only a few seconds," Cole said. "If all the money in the world was placed on it now," she said, "I don't think I could do it again. It was adrenaline and God." Cole's third piece of luck came at the bottom of the hill. The first people to find them were an intensive-care nurse and an emergency-room nurse. The closest hospital was not equipped to handle serious head wounds, so Cole was airlifted to Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H. He was treated in intensive care for two days, but had no permanent brain damage. "Shelly is a true hero and deserves all the credit in the world for saving my life," Cole said. Johnson is not comfortable being called a hero, but she knows one thing. "He owes me ice cream for life," she said.
A reader, Chris, wrote us yesterday with a very good question about streaming music services:
"...what I want to know is, how do they compare when it comes to data usage? How does Google's compression compare to Pandora, or Spotify, or the Amazon player? Funky playlists and mood music is all well and good, but how much of my 4g/mo are they going to eat?"
Advertisement
Good question! Burning through your monthly data cap on your smartphone is a pain in the ass, and your music streaming app is probably guilty of some serious damage. But just how much is data is your app using?
The amount of data your service chews up depends on the quality settings. For Beats Music, Spotify, and Google Play Music, a high-quality stream maxes out at 320kbps. (Not all tracks are available at that high quality, but most are.)
Pandora is the only big mainstream service we could find that doesn't offer 320kbps streams. In fact, on mobile it maxes out at 64kbps. Lower quality streams obviously use way less data.
Advertisement
So what does that mean in terms of your data plan? 320kbps rate translates to 2.40 MB per minute of audio or 115.2 MB per hour. So if you were to stream music for an entire eight hour work day, you'd burn through nearly 1 GB. If you have a 2GB cap like I do, then this is not an advisable splurge!
Here's a breakdown of a number of the most popular services.
Beats Music
Standard quality: 64kbps
High quality: 320kbps
Spotify
Normal quality: 96 kbps
High quality: 160kbps
Extreme quality: 320kbps
Google Play Music
Three quality settings, with a maximum of 320kbps.
Pandora
Maximum rate is 64kbps (adjusts automatically depending on your connection).
That's not every service (Apple doesn't publish a spec for iTunes Radio, but it gives you an idea for how much data these services chomp: 320kbps at the top end, 64kbps/128kbps at the low end.)
Advertisement
Luckily, you've got options music lover. T-Mobile offers free streaming music for Pandora, Spotify, iHeartRadio, and iTunes Radio. But to conserve the most data for cat videos, download tracks while you're connected to Wi-Fi.
Remember, if you have questions, tips, questions, concerns, you can always drop us a line at tipbox@gizmodo.com.
Witnesses say a man purposefully ran over and killed a cyclist this morning near USC.
A 35-year-old man was killed while riding his bike on Vermont Avenue near W. 39th Place around 9 a.m., ABC 7 reports.
A witness told ABC 7 that the cyclist tried to cross the street at a time when the driver had the right-of-way. The two got into a verbal argument that quickly escalated.
"The man that was driving pushed him off the bike and he shouted, 'Shut up before I run you over,' and he ran him over and kept going," the witness said.
Police say the driver was in a full-size, light colored SUV with a possibly damaged mirror on the driver's side. They believe that he turned left onto W. 39th Place from Vermont.
Anyone with information should contact the LAPD at 1-877-527-3247.
Paul DePodesta (born December 16, 1972) is the chief strategy officer for the National Football League (NFL)'s Cleveland Browns.
Formerly a front-office assistant for the Cleveland Indians, Oakland Athletics and most recently the New York Mets, DePodesta was also general manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers. The year after leading the Dodgers to their first playoff win in 16 years, he was fired after the 2005 club finished with its worst record in 11 years.[1] He was the ninth general manager in the club's history since its move to Los Angeles.[2] He is also known for his appearance in the book and movie Moneyball, about his time with the Athletics.
Early life [ edit ]
DePodesta is a native of Alexandria, Virginia, where he grew up with Thad Levine.[3] He attended Episcopal High School ('91) and then Harvard University, where he played baseball and football and graduated in 1995 with a degree in economics.[4] He has worked for the Baltimore Stallions of the Canadian Football League and the Baltimore Bandits of the American Hockey League.
Baseball management [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
In 1996, DePodesta got his first baseball job with the Cleveland Indians, where he spent three seasons. He served as an advance scout for two years and, in his final month with the club, was appointed special assistant to General Manager John Hart.
In 1999, he joined the Oakland Athletics organization as an assistant to general manager Billy Beane. DePodesta was a key figure in Michael Lewis's book Moneyball. The book thrust the analytical principles of sabermetrics into the mainstream.
Los Angeles Dodgers [ edit ]
At the age of 31, DePodesta was named general manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers on February 16, 2004, making him the fifth-youngest general manager in baseball history, behind Jon Daniels (28) of the Texas Rangers, Theo Epstein (28) of the Boston Red Sox, Andrew Friedman (28) of the Tampa Bay Rays, and Randy Smith (29) of the San Diego Padres.
DePodesta's reliance on sabermetric principles has been somewhat controversial. He is often considered part of a new breed of front-office executives whose personnel decisions depend heavily on analysis of performance data, often at the perceived expense of more traditional methods of scouting and observation.
One of DePodesta's most notable moves was made at the 2004 trading deadline. He traded catcher Paul Lo Duca, relief pitcher Guillermo Mota and outfielder Juan Encarnación to the Florida Marlins in exchange for pitcher Brad Penny, first baseman Hee Seop Choi and pitcher Bill Murphy, in what was reportedly an attempt to pick up pieces to acquire pitcher Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.[5] DePodesta was heavily criticized in the local and national baseball media for this trade, because Lo Duca was thought to be the "heart and soul" of the team. The Dodgers made the playoffs anyway, with Penny developing into one of the better pitchers in the National League during his stint with the Dodgers, which lasted until the end of the 2008 season. Choi, however, was a disappointment, batting just .161 in 2004 and .253 in 2005, and striking out 80 times in 320 at bats. Bill Murphy was traded that year to acquire Steve Finley, who hit 13 homers in 58 games, including a memorable grand slam that clinched the division title. Lo Duca played through 2005 with the Marlins and then went to the New York Mets, the Washington Nationals and back to the Marlins, making his final Major League appearance in September 2008.
During the 2004 off-season, Adrián Beltré, who had hit 48 home runs in 2004, signed with Seattle as a free agent, spurning DePodesta's offer of 3 years for $30 million for Seattle's offer of 5 years for $64 million. DePodesta signed J. D. Drew, Jeff Kent, and Derek Lowe. Drew enjoyed two productive seasons as a Dodger and then used an opt-out clause in his contract to sign a new 5-year deal with the Boston Red Sox. Both Kent and Lowe put in four productive seasons for the Dodgers and cut ties with the franchise at the end of the 2008 season with Kent retiring and Lowe signing a contract with the Atlanta Braves.
Coming off the successes of 2004, the 2005 season saw the Dodgers lose a number of players to significant stints on the disabled list. Many of the players lost to injury were expected to produce heavily for the team, including J. D. Drew, Milton Bradley, Éric Gagné, Jayson Werth, César Izturis and Odalis Pérez. The 2005 season resulted in the team's worst record since 1992 and second worst since moving to Los Angeles in 1958. On October 29, 2005, Dodgers owner Frank McCourt fired DePodesta, citing his desire to see the club win and that DePodesta had not met those expectations. Reports surfaced that the real reason McCourt had fired DePodesta was his inability to find satisfactory managerial candidates to replace Jim Tracy. He was later replaced by Ned Colletti, who hired Grady Little as manager. Some have speculated that McCourt fired DePodesta in response to media criticism from Los Angeles Times sports columnists T.J. Simers and Bill Plaschke, who were vehemently "anti-Moneyball" and referred to DePodesta pejoratively as "Google Boy."
San Diego Padres and New York Mets [ edit ]
DePodesta with the San Diego Padres in 2008
On June 30, 2006, DePodesta was hired as the Special Assistant for Baseball Operations for the San Diego Padres and was promoted to Executive Vice President on November 10, 2008.
On November 8, 2010, DePodesta was hired as the vice president of player development and scouting for the New York Mets by general manager Sandy Alderson, with whom DePodesta worked when Alderson was CEO of the Padres.[6]
On January 5, 2016, DePodesta was hired by the National Football League (NFL)'s Cleveland Browns to work as their chief strategy officer.[7][8]
Moneyball [ edit ]
In 2003, author Michael Lewis was interested in how Oakland Athletics general manager (GM) Billy Beane tried to find quality players to improve the team while struggling with one of the smallest payrolls in Major League Baseball. He first wanted to write an article on the subject, but the idea eventually blossomed into a book[9] named Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game. Lewis's interests included how Beane hired DePodesta as his assistant to incorporate sabermetrics, an approach that consists of more sophisticated analyses of baseball statistics, which is at least partially credited for their 2002 20-game winning streak, which had not occurred in the American League (AL) in decades.[10]
Lewis's book examines the lives and careers of various baseball personalities and explains the art of sabermetrics. Bill James, who coined the term sabermetrics for the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR), is also a major focus.[11] James published The Bill James Baseball Abstract from 1977 to 1988 and wrote several sabermetrics books.[12] Beane and DePodesta had studied James's work and were inspired by his knowledge of baseball analysis.[13]
DePodesta did not feel comfortable in the spotlight after the book's release,[14] nor did he care for the secrets revealed about his scouting methods.[15] The book earned DePodesta a reputation as a cold calculator, choosing players based only on their numbers. In addition, he was thought of as a guy who knew nothing of "real baseball."
In reality, DePodesta played football in college and wanted to be a football coach,[14][16][17] seen in a photo wearing number 17.[18] After graduating from Harvard with a degree in economics, he became an intern for the Canadian Football League's Baltimore Stallions in 1995.[19] In early 1996, he got his first baseball job with the Cleveland Indians, where he worked as a scout. In October 1996, at age 24, he was promoted to the position of advance scout. In October 1998, he became assistant to the General Manager for the team.[19] Those experiences led to him being hired by Beane as his assistant with the Oakland A's in November 1998.[17]
When the movie Moneyball was adapted from the book, DePodesta did not approve of the way his character was portrayed. "There were a handful of things. Some were factual, others were more ephemeral." He had no objection to Jonah Hill's performance. "Jonah was awesome. He was so respectful of me and my time. It would have been flattering to be portrayed by someone of his expertise. It had nothing to do with the casting," DePodesta said in 2010.[20] "I just could never get comfortable with the idea of somebody else portraying me to the rest of the world. Like any movie, to make it interesting, there has to be some conflict there. In some respects, a lot of the conflict is going to revolve around my character, and that was never really the case in reality," he said in 2011.[21] He also talked about the caricatural focus it brought on him, first in 2003 and again in 2011. "The other problem was I wasn't all that interested in the attention. It had already happened from the book. And I didn't necessarily need to relive it."[14]
The role was originally going to be given DePodesta's name and portrayed by Demetri Martin, but DePodesta did not want his name or likeness to be used in the movie, so the character was named Peter Brand. Brand is a composite of Beane's assistants[22] in Oakland, not an accurate representation of any specific person.[20] But Moneyball's director, Bennett Miller, has credited DePodesta for being generous and helpful in the making of the film. Hill was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance.
Personal life [ edit ]
DePodesta is married to artist and philanthropist Karen Deicas[23] and has three sons and a daughter. In 2016, Deicas launched the Sports Mind Institute, which seeks to connect lessons learned from figures in professional sports, athletes, team executives, and coaches, to help others apply them to life and the business sector.[24] The family resides in Berea, Ohio.
On December 13, 2012, DePodesta was elected to the Board of Directors of Sears Holdings Corporation. He has also served as a keynote speaker at numerous business conventions and been recognized by several publications, including Baseball Prospectus and Fortune Magazine, which named him one of the Top 10 innovators under the age of 40.[25]
He appeared uncredited on several episodes of Homicide: Life on the Street.[26]
When Katy Bryce sat down on the front porch of her west side Bend home last month to write a blog post, she didn't know that she was about to voice the frustrations of thousands of local residents.
Bryce, a freelance writer, wrote about walking along the Deschutes River that morning, about how she'd found garbage left over from the previous night's revelries washed up on the shore at McKay Park, about how her community was losing something as more and more people kept coming.
She dared to suggest that Bend needs to have a serious conversation about tourism. Her headline: "Bend is being loved to death—and it's my fault."
The post went viral locally. It received 132 comments on Bryce's site and was shared more than 5,000 times on Facebook, far more than any other post she'd put up before.
"I've had strangers come up to me on the street and recognize me," she said.
Bryce doesn't hate tourists. But she and many local residents are feeling the squeeze this summer as more people than ever visit this no-longer-secret corner of the world.
"When is too much?" Bryce asked. "Is there a tipping point?"
That question has even landed on City Club of Central Oregon's radar. The club's Aug. 18 forum has the wordplay-heavy title: "Tourism or Tourisn't: Is the juice of a tourist economy worth the squeeze?"
> A record summer
The sense that Bend has more visitors than ever is no illusion.
Visit Bend, the city's primary tourism promotion organization, commissioned a study of how many people visited in 2015. It estimated that 2.5 to 3 million visitors came and stayed an average of 2.4 days. That works out to 6 to 7.25 million visitor nights over the year.
To put that in perspective, almost 20,000 people visited Bend every day of the year on average. Bend's resident population is only about 87,000 people.
The busiest season is summer, and this year has been especially strong for tourism. Tawna Fenske, Visit Bend's communications manager, predicts it will be a record-breaking summer season.
Residents accustomed to a slower, less-crowded pace are feeling the crunch. It's almost impossible to hike a favorite trail in peaceful isolation. Floating the Deschutes on a hot day feels like bumper cars. Restaurants don't have open tables. Roads are congested. Parking spaces are full.
"There's an impact on our natural resources. The recreation that people come here to do, that we move here to do, are all being affected," Bryce said.
The city has about 3,500 hotel and motel rooms. Last year, visitors nearly filled them all in July, when occupancy was at 90 percent of capacity. Those figures don't account for the 654 active short-term rental licenses on file with the City, which represent AirBnB and other short-term rentals.
Visit Bend President Kevney Dugan suggested that if more tourists come, the lodging industry would likely build more rooms. "Hotel developers see an opportunity," he said.
Spokespeople for Visit Bend, Central Oregon Visitors Association and Travel Oregon, the three main organizations that promote Bend and Central Oregon tourism, all declined to say if any number of tourists would be too many. They have no plans to dial back their marketing, especially of the shoulder seasons.
Travel Oregon, at least, acknowledged that there are some times to stop promoting particular destinations.
"I don't think we'd ever say there's too much tourism, but we do have to be careful to protect our gems and natural resource areas," said Allison Keeney, communications manager for Travel Oregon. She cited Smith Rock State Park as an example. After state park officials said that there were so many hikers and rock climbers that they threatened the natural integrity of the park, state tourism promoters stopped marketing it.
> Hidden costs
The cost of tourism is more than trash and pressure on natural resources. More traffic means more wear and tear on roads. More people drinking or smoking marijuana means more burden on local law enforcement when drunk or high people get behind the wheel or cause other trouble.
Tourists do not directly pay for those things, not like locals. Everyone pays state taxes on gas, on liquor, on marijuana and cigarettes, even tourists. But when the state gets around to sending a portion of those taxes back to localities, they do it on a per capita basis. For example, Bend this year will receive an estimated $14.86 per local resident in liquor tax revenue and $57.47 in gas tax. The formula does not account for tourists. As a result, communities with a lot of visitors wind up shortchanged.
Even though visitors to Bend pay those taxes, the money goes into a big pot that the state divvies up based on resident population. As a result, Bend's tourism subsidizes services in other Oregon communities.
At least the marijuana tax will change next year. Per capita distribution will switch to a formula based on how many licensed retailers there are. Changing the other allocations would require action in Salem, and communities that benefit from the current system would likely oppose it.
"Tourists have a significant impact on local law enforcement, and there are no resources to alleviate this. It results in Deschutes County residents experiencing a lower level of service," Deschutes County District Attorney John Hummel said.
According to data on criminal charges provided by Hummel's office, the share of crimes in the community committed by people from out of town has increased in recent years. Disorderly conduct in particular has seen a marked increase, going from visitors being 7 percent of charged cases in 2013 to 19 percent so far this year.
> Tourists pay in other ways
That's not to say that tourists pay nothing to support the infrastructure they enjoy while visiting. Bend, Deschutes County and Oregon all charge Transient Room Taxes (TRTs). In Bend, the tax is 10.4 percent for the city plus 1.8 percent for the state. Lodging outside the city limits falls under county taxes.
Visit Bend and other organizations rely on the TRT as a key metric. Unlike the estimates of actual visitors and nights stayed, the TRT offers concrete data about how much tax visitors pay.
The TRT has rebounded since the tourism industry tanked during the recession. During the 2014-15 fiscal year, visitors paid $6.5 million in city TRT. If this year remained on pace, Bend's TRT revenue could top $7.5 million.
Under state law, 35 percent of that money goes to tourism promotion, and most of that funds Visit Bend. The remaining 65 cents on the dollar goes to Bend's general fund.
"Those are real dollars that the city uses to pay for streets, to pay for police, to pay for fire," said Bend Economic Development Director Carolyn Eagan.
This year, a good chunk of it is going to pay for street maintenance after voters rejected a gas tax in March. City Council would like to hold onto an even bigger slice so tourists pay more for their impact on roads, but the lodging industry is resisting that move. Discussions are ongoing, according to Visit Bend.
TRT aside, it's no secret that tourism is a huge economic driver.
Summers are so strong that Visit Bend doesn't market that season much. Instead, it focuses on the shoulder seasons and winter. They target specific markets, primarily Portland, Seattle and the San Francisco Bay area.
Most of Bend's visitors don't travel far to get here. In 2013, the most recent survey year, Oregonians accounted for 37 percent of all visitors. California (18 percent) and Washington (15 percent) were the other popular states of origin. No other state accounted for more than 2.5 percent of visitors.
Stephanie Tarntino and her husband visit Bend from Portland a few times per year. Sometimes they stay with her brother, a Bend resident, and sometimes in a hotel. They, like many who visit, come for the abundant outdoor activities and good restaurants.
The increasing number of tourists has not diminished their enjoyment. "The only times I've noticed there were a lot of people around was when we happened to go on a weekend when something else was happening, like high school graduation," she said.
Tourism is a large driver of the local economy. A state study on tourism's economic impact estimated that visitors spent $660 million in Deschutes County in 2015 and were responsible for 6,680 full- and part-time jobs.
Eagan, the city's economic development director, said that nearly 20 percent of summer employment is in leisure and hospitality.
"We aren't relying on tourism for all of our future jobs, but tourism will always be a part of the economy here in Bend," she said.
> Respect for Bend
In her original blog post, Bryce suggested change must come from both the top and the bottom if the community is to find a sustainable model. Tourism can be a vibrant part of the economy without trashing the things that make Bend a special place to live and visit.
"I don't have the answer, but acknowledging the challenge is the first step," she said. "We all talk about it behind closed doors, and no one is willing to do anything about it because we're all scared what it will mean to the economy."
She suggested that residents can go the extra step to make sure people they invite to town understand the Bend way. And when the rude people do show up, exercise patience and do little things to help. When she found the trash by the river, she returned with garbage bags to clean it up.
"We need all people to do their part, locals and tourists. We also need community leaders and government officials to make changes to make this place more sustainable," Bryce said. "All of the problems such as litter, traffic and things, I don't want to attribute just to tourism. There are plenty of locals who do those things, too."
Local tourism promoters say they must deal with these challenges before Bend loses the very things that draw people here to visit. Visit Bend and the Central Oregon Visitors Association (COVA) have been developing strategies to improve the tourism experience.
"We've been discussing how we can develop programs to engage and educate both visitors and residents in a sustainable and responsible commitment to the outdoor lifestyle brand of Bend and Central Oregon," said Alana Hughson, COVA's CEO.
They've reached out for help and ideas to community partners such as the Deschutes Land Trust and Oregon Natural Desert Association.
"As we have this influx of people, whether it's a tourist or a new resident, it doesn't matter why or how they are coming. Is there a better way we can engage with them about maintaining and respecting the Bend lifestyle and Bend culture," asked Visit Bend's Dugan.
The working name for their initiative is "Visit like a local."
"People don't want to come to a location and feel like they stand out. They want to feel like they fit in," Dugan said.
WASHINGTON — The past year has not been kind to the Democratic Party. Engulfed in major scandals in the lead-up to the election, Democrats suffered humiliating losses in November, losing the majorities they held in the House and Senate along with the presidency and several key governorships.
In addition, major rifts within the party became impossible to ignore. Many Democrats, energized and motivated by the insurgent primary campaign of Bernie Sanders, felt betrayed and ignored by the party establishment that did everything in its power to ensure the nomination of one of the most unelectable candidates of all time, Hillary Clinton.
Months after the bitter primary concluded, the Democratic Party remains anything but united, as it is desperately trying to keep Sanders-Clinton “proxy” wars from breaking out while also fighting to brand itself as “the people's party” despite last year's scandals. In spite of their best efforts, the very type of “proxy” wars they were seeking to avoid between the Sanders- and Clinton-supporting factions ultimately defined the contest to choose the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
DNC insiders came together in Atlanta on Saturday to choose the party's new chair after both interim chair Donna Brazile and five-year chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz were disgraced by various scandals. The lead-up to the vote, as the Intercept's Glenn Greenwald noted, had become “something of an impassioned proxy war replicating the 2016 primary fight.”
In November, the Sanders-backed choice for DNC chair, Rep. Keith Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, announced his candidacy with the endorsements of several notable progressives, including Elizabeth Warren, as well as key establishment figures like Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid. At the time, Ellison appeared to be the clear front-runner. However, the Obama White House worked hard over the following month to convince then-Labor Secretary Tom Perez to run for DNC chair. Perez launched his candidacy a full month after Ellison, drawing speculation that establishment Democrats were desperate to challenge Ellison's election to the DNC's top position. As has been the case for so long in the Democratic Party, Perez, the establishment candidate, was chosen over Ellison.
A Washington insider disguised as a ‘progressive'
Despite presenting himself as a champion of “progressive” ideals, Perez is as establishment as they come. A controversial member of the Obama administration, Perez has been flagged for a number of top positions by Democrats in recent years. When Eric Holder resigned from his position as attorney general, Perez was named as a possible replacement. Following the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Perez was rumored to be a choice to fill the vacant seat on the court. He was even ranked as the 3rd most likely candidate for Clinton's running mate in the 2016 election.
Though Perez was edged out as Clinton's vice presidential pick by Tim Kaine, he made his commitment to Clinton no secret during the election. It should come as little surprise, then, that Perez's personal email address appears in a number of the now-infamous Podesta Emails, 20,000 pages of emails published by WikiLeaks in October and November from the personal Gmail account of Clinton campaign chair and D.C. insider John Podesta.
Perez's email correspondence with Podesta clearly shows that Perez was intimately involved with Democratic Party establishment figures in actively working to thwart Sanders' primary campaign, particularly in Nevada. In a lengthy email sent to Podesta and Maya Harris, a senior advisor to Clinton, Perez lays out strategies to help Clinton secure a win at the state's caucus. In the email, dated Feb. 2, 2016, he asserts that if Clinton could do well in the Nevada caucus, “then the narrative changes from Bernie kicks ass among young voters to Bernie does well only among young white liberals.” This narrative of Sanders supporters being predominantly white was widely recognized as a smear tactic on the part of Clinton supporters, one which Salon described as “a dirty, dangerous game.”
Other emails show Perez working to discredit Sanders by other means. In an email to Podesta dated March 2, 2016, Perez expressed his excitement at his upcoming appearance on the Telemundo network, where he hoped to “trumpet [Clinton's] strong support among Latinos and put a fork once and for all in the false narrative about Bernie and Latinos.” Yet, Latino support for Sanders was anything but a false narrative, particularly at the time Perez made this claim.
Perez also openly admitted earlier this month that the primary had been “rigged” against Sanders. However, before the end of the day, he had retracted the comment, tweeting: “I have been asked by friends about a quote and want to be clear about what I said and that I misspoke.” He also made sure to add that Clinton had won the primary “fair and square.”
I have been asked by friends about a quote and want to be clear about what I said and that I misspoke. — Tom Perez (@TomPerez) February 9, 2017
It is worth noting that Perez, in his correspondence with Podesta, used a personal email account. Perez, like Clinton, has come under fire in the past for allegedly using his personal email account in order to avoid being accountable to Freedom of Information Act requests.
Perez's campaign for DNC chair was straight out of the Clinton playbook
Perez's commitment to Clinton-esque campaign strategies was made evident by his own recent campaign for DNC chair. Just like Perez had once helped Clinton play the “race card” in casting a majority of Sanders supporters as “white,” Perez's campaign for DNC chair benefited from a vicious smear campaign against his opponent, Ellison, in which Ellison, a Muslim, was accused of being anti-Semitic.
This attack on Ellison was launched by the largest funder of both the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign, Israeli-American billionaire Haim Saban. Ellison's track record as a “measured critic” of Israel's occupation of Palestine is clearly at odds with the views of Saban, who has stated, “I'm a one-issue guy, and my issue is Israel.”
Just a few weeks after Ellison launched his bid for DNC chair, Saban called Ellison “an anti-Semite and anti-Israel individual,” adding that Ellison's election “would be a disaster for the relationship between the Jewish community and the Democratic Party.” Saban's influence within the establishment wing cannot be understated, having donated $2.4 million to the Clintons' various campaigns and more than $15 million to the Clinton Foundation. He also donated $7 million to the construction of the DNC's headquarters in 2001.
Following Saban's invective, Jewish groups began to announce that they had become “uncomfortable” with the prospect of Ellison as DNC chair. Some even remarked that the last thing the Democrats needed to attract Rust Belt voters was to elect a black Muslim as the face of the party, despite the fact that Ellison was born in Detroit and raised in the Rust Belt. Notable Jewish Democrats, such as Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz, vowed to abandon the party were Ellison to become the next DNC chair. Dershowitz cited Ellison's allegedly “long history of sordid association with anti-Semitism” as the motivating factor for his not-so-veiled threat. Even though Ellison had the support of over 300 rabbis and Jewish community leaders along with several establishment Democrats coming to his defense, he was unable to shake off the barrage of accusations.
Putting the oligarchy ahead of the voter base
After winning the election for DNC chair, Perez quickly called for unity, promising to fight for all Democrats and “change the culture of the Democratic Party and the DNC.”
Tom Perez: "We need a chair who can not only take the fight to Donald Trump" but "change the culture of the Democratic Party and the DNC" pic.twitter.com/6tnJO7qA1A — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) February 25, 2017
However, as evidenced by his behavior in the 2016 primary and in his bid to become DNC chair, Perez is unfit to change the very establishment DNC culture from which he directly benefits. While some notable Democrats have recognized that “the party is on life support,” most establishment Democrats, despite the obvious and glaring failures of DNC policies, continue to refuse to acknowledge the reality of their dire situation.
Indeed, Ellison's recent loss has further galvanized dissatisfied progressives in their efforts to leave the party en masse, as evidenced by the resurgence of the hashtag “DemExit.” By alienating Ellison and Sanders supporters, the Democrats have chosen to follow the same course that has led them to ruin, all in the name of the DNC establishment's veneration of its oligarchical donors over the voices of its voter base.
The most popular reality show in cable television history has sparked a heated national debate, laying bare a national rift over gay rights and free speech and prompting politicians, entertainers and ordinary folks to enter the cultural fray.
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, as well as former GOP presidential candidates Newt Gingrich and Sarah Palin, have all come to the defense of 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson, whose statements condemning homosexuality angered many and earned him an "indefinite suspension" from the A&E network.With families gathering for the holidays next week, it seems likely 'Duck Dynasty' will dominate many dinner table debates.
What won't be as clear is whether the hit show will go on. A statement from the Robertson family released late Thursday raised doubts about the Louisiana clan's willingness to continue after comments from patriarch Phil Robertson triggered an uproar.
“We have had a successful working relationship with A&E but, as a family, we cannot imagine the show going forward without our patriarch at the helm,” the Robertson family said in a prepared statement. “We are in discussions with A&E to see what that means for the future of Duck Dynasty.”
The family said it has “spent much time in prayer” since learning A&E had suspended Phil Robertson, the patriarch of the Louisiana family, over comments he made about homosexuality.
More On This...
Robertson sparked a national debate on religion and tolerance in an interview with GQ magazine. The writer asked him what he considered to be sinful behavior.
“Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there. Bestiality, sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men,” Robertson said.
Then he paraphrased Paul's letter to the Corinthians: “Don't be deceived. Neither the adulterers, the idolaters, the male prostitutes, the homosexual offenders, the greedy, the drunkards, the slanderers, the swindlers -- they won't inherit the kingdom of God. Don't deceive yourself. It's not right.”
The family defended Robertson's comments and stressed that they are a “family rooted in our faith in God and our belief that the Bible is His word.”
“While some of Phil's unfiltered comments to the reporter were coarse, his beliefs are grounded in the teachings of the Bible,” the family said. “Phil is a Godly man who follows what the Bible says are the greatest commandments: ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart' and ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.' Phil would never incite or encourage hate.”
The family also criticized A&E for its actions, saying he was placed on hiatus “for expressing his faith, which is his constitutionally protected right.”
Robertson's comments drew immediate condemnation from gay rights groups who pressured the network to take action. On Wednesday, A&E announced Robertson was being removed from the show indefinitely.
"We are extremely disappointed to have read Phil Robertson's comments in GQ, which are based on his own personal beliefs and are not reflected in the series Duck Dynasty," the network said in a statement.
"His personal views in no way reflect those of A&E Networks, who have always been strong supporters and champions of the LGBT community. The network has placed Phil under hiatus from filming indefinitely."
A&E's decision to pull Robertson from the show drew strong support from the gay and lesbian rights group GLAAD.
“What's clear is that such hateful anti-gay comments are unacceptable to fans, viewers, and networks alike,” said GLAAD rep Wilson Cruz. “By taking quick action and removing Robertson from future filming, A&E has sent a strong message that discrimination is neither a Christian nor an American value.”
Duck Dynasty drew 11.8 million viewers in August for the debut of its fourth season - setting a record for a cable nonfiction series. Hundreds of thousands of outraged fans responded to the news of Robertson's suspension by launching boycotts and petitions They accused the network of discriminating against Robertson because of his religious beliefs and violating his First Amendment rights.
“Free speech is an endangered species,” wrote former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin on her Facebook page. “Those ‘intolerants' hatin' and taking on the Duck Dynasty patriarch for voicing his personal opinion are taking on all of us.”
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal also voiced support for his embattled constituents.
“The politically correct crowd is tolerant of all viewpoints, except those they disagree with,” he said. “It is a messed up situation when Miley Cyrus gets a laugh, and Phil Robertson gets suspended."
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, told Fox News the suspension shows Hollywood wants to avoid reality.
“The reality is that the Robertson family are Bible-believing Christians who don't cherry pick what the Bible teaches,” he said.
Perkins said the Duck Dynasty patriarch was targeted “simply because he expressed his religious beliefs but there is a clear double standard that is being applied.”
“It is time for all Americans to take a stand against the cultural elites who want to destroy the livelihood of people and remove God and His truth from every aspect of public life,” he said.
The Liberty Institute, a legal firm specializing in religious liberty cases, condemned A&E's actions and urged them to reconsider.
“In the spirit of American tolerance of religious diversity, A&E should reinstate Mr. Robertson and apologize for its religious bigotry,” the statement read.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said Sunday that he's never encouraged his supporters to disrupt rallies for GOP front-runner Donald Trump, saying the anger and violence Trump incites is "not good for the country."
"To suggest that our campaign is telling people to disrupt his campaign is a lie. We don't," he said. "And we have millions of supporters and some of them will do what they do. But our campaign has never, not once, organized any effort to disrupt Mr. Trump's rallies or anybody else's rallies. That's not what we do."
Sanders's comments came after Trump himself suggested Sanders supporters were causing the disruptions at his rallies, suggesting he may begin sending supporters to Sanders rallies to cause similar disruptions. He pointed to instances where a man sucker-punched a fellow rally attendee, and to allegations that Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski got rough with a female reporter, as proof of the "violence" of the Trump campaign.
"There's a lot of this feeling about violence coming from Trump's campaign," he said. "And I very much hope that he understands that in a democracy, people should be allowed to go to anybody's rally, peacefully demonstrate without fear of being beaten up. So I really hope he tones it down. This is not good for the country."
As for Tuesday's primaries in five states, including Ohio and Florida, Sanders said his stunning upset in Michigan bodes well for his performance across the map this week.
"Now last week, all of the pollsters predicted that we would lose Michigan by 15, 20, 25 points. Well, we ended up winning," he said. "I think we have a lot of momentum in Illinois, in Ohio, in Missouri. I think we're going to do better than people think in North Carolina and in Florida."
Moderator John Dickerson asked Sanders about health care and where he stood on the issue when his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton was spearheading the fight for universal health care back in the early years of her husband's presidency.
"I have always said that Hillary Clinton did a very, very good job as first lady. She kind of broke the mold as to what a first lady should be doing," Sanders said. "But to criticize me on healthcare is not quite fair because I have been a leader in Congress from day one in the fight for universal health care, to make certain that in the United States, we join the rest of the industrialized world, guarantee healthcare to all people.
Sanders went on to note that he worked with Rep. Jim Clyburn to help put $12 billion in funding toward community health centers, and that he's long taken on the pharmaceutical industry over drug prices. "I don't have to defend myself to anybody about the role I have played in health care," he said.
Walt Disney Studios' “Frozen” easily debuted at No. 1 on both national home video sales charts the week ending March 23, selling more than three times as many copies as all 19 other titles on the Nielsen VideoScan First Alert top 20 sales chart combined.
The year's Oscar winner for animated feature film, “Frozen” earned nearly $400 million at the domestic box office alone, with a global ticket tally of more than $1 billion – only the second animated feature to cross that milestone, after another Disney film, “Toy Story 3.” Last week Disney reported first-day disc sales of 3.2 million units, a tally that includes advance orders.
Two other new releases debuted high on both the First Alert chart, which tracks overall disc sales, DVD and Blu-ray Disc combined, and Nielsen's dedicated Blu-ray Disc sales chart. Another Disney film, “Saving Mr. Banks,” about the real-life drama behind the making of “Mary Poppins,” debuted at No. 2 after earning $83.2 million in theaters. And the Sony Pictures crime drama “American Hustle,” which grossed $149.9 million on the big screen, bowed at No. 3.
But neither film came anywhere close to moving as many discs as “Frozen.” “Saving Mr. Banks” sold 6.3% as many discs, while “American Hustle” moved 4.9% as many units.
The troika of new releases pushed “The Hunger Games: Catching Fire” out of the No. 1 spot it's held for two weeks. The sequel slipped to No. 4 on both sales charts its third week in stores, with Disney's “Thor: The Dark World” rounding out the top five – moving up two notches from No. 7 on First Alert, but down three slots, from No. 2, on the prior week's Blu-ray Disc sales chart.
“Frozen” generated 50% of its total unit sales from Blu-ray Disc, more than either “Saving Mr. Banks” (42%) or “American Hustle” (49%).
On Home Media Magazine's video rental chart for the week, “American Hustle” debuted at No. 1, bumping “The Hunger Games: Catching Fire” to No. 2. “Frozen” bowed at No. 3, while “Thor: The Dark World” and 20th Century Fox's “The Counselor” each slipped a notch to finish the week at No. 4 and No. 5, respectively.
Thomas K. Arnold is a editorial director of Home Media Magazine.
Top 20 Nielsen VideoScan First Alert chart for week of 3/16/2014:
1. Frozen (new)
2. Saving Mr. Banks (new)
3. American Hustle (new)
4. The Hunger Games: Catching Fire
5. Thor: The Dark World
6. Gravity
7. 12 Years a Slave
8. Homefront
9. Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom (new)
10. Barbie: The Pearl Princess
11. Book Thief
12. Despicable Me 2
13. Catching Fire/Hunger Games Two-Pack (Walmart only)
14. Reasonable Doubt (new)
15. Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
16. The Jungle Book
17. Out of the Furnace
18. Achmed Saves America (new)
19. Game of Thrones: The Complete Third Season
20. Ender's Game
Top 10 Home Media Magazine rental chart for week of 3/16/2014:
1. American Hustle
2. The Hunger Games: Catching Fire
3. Frozen
4. Thor: The Dark World
5. The Counselor
6. Dallas Buyers Club
7. The Best Man Holiday
8. Captain Phillips
9. About Time
10. Free Birds
The CW's Arrow this Wednesday targeted 3.1 million total viewers — its largest audience of the season — while rising two tenths in the demo to set a new season high of 1.2, per finals.
The sophomore drama also hit a series high in the 18-34 demo, The CW notes. (Also: Can you believe they went there with what Oliver said to Felicity?!)
Leading out of that, The Tomorrow People (1.7 mil/0.6) added a few eyeballs while flat in the demo.
Over on CBS, Criminal Minds drew 11.6 million viewers (surging 20 percent to a season high) while rising 17 percent in the demo to a 2.7. Bookending the Eye's night, Survivor (9.9 mil/2.5) was flat the demo while CSI (10.5 mil/1.9) inched up a tenth.
Elsewhere….
NBC | Revolution (5.2 mil/1.5) rose a tenth after weeks of clutching onto its series-low rating. SVU led out of that with 6.2 mil/1.6, up 7 percent and a tenth.
ABC | The Middle (8.9 mil/2.4) was up two tenths, Back in the Game (6.4 mil/1.8) and Nashville (5.4 mil/1.5) added one tenth, while Modern Family (10.6 mil/3.8) returned from its two-week break down a tenth. Super Fun Night, with 5.9 mil and a 2.0, was down a tenth its last episode airing out of a fresh ModFam.
FOX | The X Factor (5.8 mil/1.7) rose two tenths from last week's Wednesday nadir.
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email insideline@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
New emails from Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chairman John Podesta revealed tension between the AFL-CIO and top Clinton campaign advisers.
A Sept. 6, 2015, email sent from Clinton spokeswoman Adrienne Elrod recapping that morning's airing of NBC's “Meet the Press” included a description of AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka's appearance — where he praised the vice president — but seemed hesitant when it came to Clinton.
“Trumka is asked what it would take for Labor movement to work hard for HRC and he says it all depends where she comes down on TPP,” Elrod said in the email.
A review of the transcript confirms Trumka was hesitant to give a full-throated endorsement for Clinton; he was quick to call Vice President Joe Biden a “champion for working people.”
“Joe Biden's been a champion for working people all of his life. He's a blue-collar guy. And he is liked by the membership. He's liked by Americans. He'd make a good president,” Trumka told Chuck Todd. He said Clinton's position on the Trans-Pacific Partnership would determine whether people will work hard for her or just vote for her, alluding to the fact that many blue collar workers and union members are wary to support a candidate who previously called TPP the “gold standard” of trade deals.
“This Trumpka [sic] line about Joe Biden really annoys me whenever I hear him say it – that Biden has been fighting for working people his whole life,” Clinton senior policy adviser Ann O'Leary said. “Is there anything we can do to get him to add something nice about HRC?” O'Leary asked Nikki Budzinski.
Budzinski responded to O'Leary, and said she too was annoyed with Trumka and explained she would talk to the AFL-CIO political director about compelling Trumka to say something nice about Clinton. “I agree. He is annoying. I'd like to just call the AFLCIO and talk to Mike Podhorzer about this,” O'Leary said.
The frustration of Clinton's campaign team with the AFL-CIO highlights the awkward relationship between Clinton and union members. While national union bosses have lined up behind Clinton, many members have voiced their concerns for a candidate who previously supported NAFTA and President Barack Obama's TPP.
There have been some reports and polls on Republican nominee Donald Trump's support among union members, and they indicate that while Trump doesn't have majority support, he has significantly more than previous Republican candidates.
A January report from the AFL-CIO's political organizing arm, Working America, found Trump trounced Clinton and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders among voting members who had firmly chosen a candidate.
Follow Ted on Twitter
Send Tips to ted@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
When President Trump explained his reasons for the ban on immigrants from seven largely Muslim nations (which a federal appeals panel recently thwarted), he said: “I'm establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. Don't want them here.”
Author H Henry Jarecki Vice Chairman - the Institute of International Education (IIE) Founder and Germany Chairman - IIE's Scholar Rescue Fund
We need an alternative narrative. As I said recently in Heidelberg while accepting an award from the government of Germany, most of Germany's refugees are smart, strong, ambitious, and not in the least inclined toward terrorism. Our support of them now will yield positive returns for Germany in the future. The same is true of the U.S., the country that took me in as a refugee over 75 years ago.
My own life serves as an example. As a child, my family had to flee in fear from the very country that recently presented me with its prestigious Order of Merit. Hitler had come to power less than three months before my birth, gaining strength by finding scapegoats for the troubles of the German people that were caused by World War I and the peace treaty, and from the ensuing inflation and depression. The Nazis blamed the country's defeat, hunger, and chaos on traitors and Jews, whom they called foreigners despite the fact that they had been in Germany ever since the Romans drove them there centuries ago. My family, which could trace itself back for generations, was unwilling to believe that this land of Goethe and Heine could be governed by a nativist group of criminals: “Surely they can't mean us,” my family said. But they did.
Reality set in when we were arrested and stripped of almost everything we owned, forced to flee, first to England and then to America. America welcomed us, as it usually does welcome refugees, despite the occasional internal bigot. This rescue and welcome gave us the opportunity to transform ourselves into hard-working patriots.
We worked hard and educated ourselves in our new country. And, as soon as we could, we renewed our ties with the country that kicked us out. The Nazis had forced us out of Germany, but they couldn't force the German out of us. In America, we held on to our roots. We held on to some of the language, especially after we heard our parents speak German when sharing secrets. “Aber nicht vor den Kindern.” Our father taught us Skat, a traditional German card game, and told us about Heidelberg, where he studied before going to the front in World War I. In fact, my brother and I returned to Heidelberg in 1951 to pursue the same medical studies as our father had.
This re-engagement, which brought my past and present into alignment, is the reason for my recent award. In seeking to make the different parts of my life fit, I have engaged actively with both the city of Heidelberg and the city of New York. I have looked for ways to further strengthen the U.S.-Germany relationship. And I have felt perfectly at home in both places, perhaps, as my wife and closest friends would say, just a bit more exuberantly in Germany, like the 18-year-old I was when I found myself in my lost homeland.
Today, there are 65 million refugees among the world's 7 billion people, less than 1 percent.
My U.S.-German outlook gives me a unique perspective on what is happening in Germany. The country finds itself at the center of a new refugee crisis, and this time Germany is courageously doing what it can to help. There were 60 million people displaced after the World War II, 2.5 percent of the world's then-prevailing population. Today, there are 65 million refugees among the world's 7 billion people, less than 1 percent. The proportion makes today's situation sound better than it is, however. After World War II, most refugees were resettled within a few years. Today, a refugee's average stay in a camp is over 15 years.
In both eras, refugees (we called ourselves “refs”) remain controversial. Then as now, some people thought of them only as weak, poor, and burdensome. Others thought they were clever tricksters, seeking to rise on the backs of the people hosting them.
My own life shows that, throughout history, the world has in fact made the best of refugees; it has come to use them like an accelerated form of Darwinian natural selection. Faced with the turmoil and xenophobia that is a never-ending part of our flawed psyches and world, only the strongest and smartest, the most resilient, and the hardest workers, are able to re-establish themselves. The philosopher Lin-Manuel Miranda, speaking of Alexander Hamilton, said it well: “Immigrants get the job done.”
Their youth is part of their strength. Over two-thirds are below the age of 33. Germany's rapidly aging population makes these migrants just the people Germany needs for its future. They are, moreover, ambitious, smart, and anxious to learn.
What we see now as a refugee problem may well become an even greater deluge in the near future as climate change devastates ever more of our planet, and technology enables tyrants to maintain power more cruelly.
We live on a tiny ball spinning through a largely empty space. And if we don't share this small world that we inhabit, it will be its end.
We live on a tiny ball spinning through a largely empty space. And if we don't share this small world that we inhabit, it will be its end. Building walls is futile; equally bad, they put the people on each side into prisons, no matter how prettily they are wall-papered.
We in the so-called first world are, with our ferocious energy consumption, deeply implicated in the changes we see today, and the greater ones we will see tomorrow. More and more people will come to us, dragging their young children across the seas and the mountains to come to a place they don't know a continent away. We should feel deeply honored, but we must live up to it. If we don't, the liberties they hope we have will be lost to us all.
“Giess Wasser zur Suppe und heiss alle willkommen,” (“Add water to the soup and make everyone welcome,”) is an old German folk saying. Those ancestors well understood that a meal cannot be enjoyed, a peace not maintained, and one's own not protected without sharing and compromise. It is a bit of German folk wisdom that has survived all imperializing regimes and their detriments. It should survive today's dramas as well – in both Germany and the U.S.
An American businessman and philanthropist, Dr. Henry Jarecki was recently awarded the Order of Merit, Officer's Cross by the government of Germany for his work to improve the city of Heidelberg, enhance U.S.-German relations, and encourage Germany to open its universities to host threatened scholars from around the world. He is Vice Chairman of the Institute of International Education (IIE), Founder of IIE's Scholar Rescue Fund, and Germany Chairman of IIE's Scholar Rescue Fund.
ctvtoronto.ca
Downtown restaurant owners are upset they'll have to shut down their patios for two weeks before the G20 summit begins on June 26.
"It's not affecting us for two days of the summer, it's affecting us for the entire month," said David Bagley, owner of Cora's Restaurant on Blue Jays Way.
The restaurant is just a few hundred metres from the Metro Toronto Convention Centre, where leaders of the world's 20 largest economies will gather this summer.
"With good weather, which June usually is, weekdays you're probably looking at $2,000 a day. On the weekends, especially on the weekend of the summit, it'll add up to … close to $20,000," he said.
A meeting last week didn't inform businesses about the patio restriction.
Coun. Adam Vaughan (Ward 20, Trinity-Spadina) said shotgun weddings have been planned better than the G20 summit.
"When it comes to getting the details as to how businesses, residents and local parks and even things as simple as restaurant patios will be affected, every day it's a different idea," he said.
Vaughan thought the rationale might be that violent protesters could use the patio furniture to damage other property.
Restaurants and other businesses will only find out if they are in the higher-level inner security zone two weeks before the event -- something that could bring even more security restrictions, he said.
Meanwhile, some people between Toronto and Huntsville, site of the June 25-26 G8 summit in cottage country, got to see and hear military aircraft buzzing overhead.
CF-18 Hornet fighter jets, CH-124 Sea King and CH-146 Griffon helicopters took part in NORAD's air security exercise, flying as low as 600 metres. More flights are scheduled for Friday.
Protest zone
Meanwhile, G20 protesters will not be confined to a downtown Toronto park, police have decided.
The Integrated Security Unit overlooking security-related issues for the high-profile summit says a decision was made to find a location other than Trinity-Bellwoods Park.
They made the decision after receiving complaints from residents living around the Queen West community.
The ISU is comprised of several police services, including the RCMP, OPP, Peel and Toronto Police Services as well as the Canadian Forces.
Spokesperson Meghan Gray told CTV News that the new location for the so-called "protest zone" hasn't been finalized, but the criteria is the same.
"Our primary concern is to use a location that is close enough to the downtown area that respects the entire idea of a designated speech area while at the same time, is a distance that protects the integrity of our security planning," Gray said.
Trinity-Bellwoods residents were worried about the types of protests that might occur in the protest zone, along with environmental issues, she said.
There aren't many areas in downtown Toronto that offer a large empty space that doesn't butt up against residential housing.
Nathan Phillips Square or Yonge-Dundas Square are outside the security perimeter, Gray said.
She considered the CNE grounds to be considered part of "downtown." A Toronto FC soccer game will be played there on June 26.
With a report from CTV Toronto's Naomi Parness
People who received a mild electrical current to a motor control area of the brain were significantly better able to learn and perform a complex motor task than those in control groups. The findings could hold promise for enhancing rehabilitation for people with traumatic brain injury, stroke and other conditions.
The study is presented in the January 20, 2009 early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, and was conducted by researchers at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The research team from NIH's National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) worked in collaboration with investigators at Columbia University in New York City and Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
Motor skills, which are used for activities from typing and driving, to sports, require practice and learning over a prolonged period of time. During practice, the brain encodes information about how to perform the task, but even during periods of rest, the brain is still at work strengthening the memory of doing the task. This process is known as consolidation.
Subjects in this study were presented with a novel and challenging motor task, which involved squeezing a "joy stick" to play a targeting game on a computer monitor, which they practiced over five consecutive days. During practice, one group received 20 minutes of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and the other group received only a 30 second "sham" stimulation. tDCS involves mild electrical stimulation applied through surface electrodes on the head, and works by modulating the excitability, or activity, of cells in the brain's outermost layers. In this study, Dr. Cohen and his team directed tDCS to the primary motor cortex, the part of the brain that controls movement.
Over the five-day training period, the skill of the tDCS group improved significantly more that that of the control (sham) group, apparently through an effect on consolidation. During the three month follow-up period, the two groups forgot the skill at about the same rate, but the tDCS group continued to perform better because they had learned the skill better by the end of training.
Source: NIH/National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke
Consumer watchdog group Allied Progress, which is opposing Sinclair Broadcast Group's planned $3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media Co., asked the Federal Communications Commission on Monday to deny the deal.
In a letter to FCC Chairman Ajit V. Pai, the group questions whether a deal that would create the single largest operator of local broadcast stations in the country serves the public interest. Hunt Valley-based Sinclair announced plans in May to acquire Tribune's 42 local news stations, bringing its ownership count to 233 stations that could reach 72 percent of American households.
“This level of ownership is unprecedented and would violate the national ownership cap,” Karl Frisch, the group's executive director, said in the letter. “Sinclair's acquisition of Tribune Media would result in less competition, fewer local program options and higher costs for consumers.”
Sinclair officials have called the planned acquisition an opportunity to improve content by networking stations and sharing news. The deal is possible because of a recent FCC decision to relax station ownership rules.
Tribune Media was formed in 2014 when Tribune Co., then the parent of The Baltimore Sun, split its broadcasting and publishing divisions into separate, independent companies. The broadcast division became Tribune Media, while the publishing division, including The Sun, became Tribune Publishing, renamed tronc Inc. last year.
The deal “would create a leading media platform that ensures a free and local television model can thrive,” David Smith, Sinclair's executive chairman, said when the company announced second quarter earnings last week.
Other groups that have opposed the merger include the American Cable Association, DISH Network and Public Knowledge, which filed a motion July 12 with the FCC seeking additional information and more time for public comment. The FCC denied the motion Aug. 3.
“The FCC action does not mean that the [opponents] cannot file against the deal, and it is expected that they will,” Sinclair said in a release Monday.
Sinclair President and CEO Chris Ripley said last week the acquisition is on track and he believed it will close around the end of the year.
lorraine.mirabella@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lmirabella
We depend on your support. A generous gift in any amount helps us continue to bring you this service.
Effective immediately, people in Albuquerque are now able to use the ride-hailing app Uber to hitch a ride to the Albuquerque International Sunport.
Mayor Richard Berry made the announcement of a deal with Uber Tuesday afternoon, saying that its use is a “disruptive” business model and the way of the future.
“The world's changing,” Berry said in a short press conference in the Sunport's parking lot. “And we want to make sure those who are here can flourish, but we also want to make sure that we are a city that invites in disruptive new technologies and this is an important step for us as a city.”
The deal between the city and Uber requires that the ride-hailing company pay Albuquerque $1 for every passenger it either picks up from or drops off at the airport. Uber is also required to report its number of airport passengers to the city every 10 days.
Currently, cab companies pay a flat $1,200 monthly fee to use the airport.
Uber drivers, who work as independent contractors, must also submit to a criminal background check and abide by a zero tolerance policy for drug and alcohol consumption while on the job.
Transportation companies technically need contracts with the city in order to bring passengers to and from the airport. Berry said that the new contract, which will last for six months in a test run, “brings [Uber] into compliance with city law.”
He added that the regulations spelled out for Uber “level the playing field.”
Taxi companies have criticized rideshare companies like Uber as unfair for skirting cab regulations and operating purely on contract labor. Yet rideshare companies have argued that they're different than taxi companies and shouldn't be subjected to the same regulations.
In April, the state Public Regulation Commission voted to establish separate regulations on rideshare companies than cab companies. They include drug tests for drivers involved in car accidents and vehicle inspections by a licensed mechanic.
Shortly after, Lyft, another ride-hailing company, ceased operating in Albuquerque after arguing that the regulations were “exceedingly difficult.”
But the state regulations weren't enough to convince cab companies of a level playing field. Cabbies, for example, must submit to drug tests as a condition of being hired, not only after an accident.
Three New Mexico cab companies filed a lawsuit against Uber over the regulations, which is now before the state Supreme Court.
Currently, Uber operates in Albuquerque, Santa Fe and Las Cruces. Steve Thompson, general manager of Uber's New Mexico operations, praised the new airport agreement in a statement.
“We thank Mayor Berry for his support and look forward to connecting New Mexicans and visitors to safe, reliable, and affordable rides to and from the airport,” Thompson said.
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine pressed NATO on Tuesday for Western weaponry to help defend itself against pro-Russian separatists but the head of the alliance resisted for fear of threatening a fragile ceasefire with Russian-backed rebels.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko (R) welcomes NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg before the meeting of national security and defense council of Ukraine in Kiev September 22, 2015. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
In Kiev's imposing Soviet-era government buildings, Ukraine's political leadership told NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg that their armed forces were no match for Russia, and needed help.
“Our heroes, our warriors belong to an army that was neglected for decades...they face aggression and need defensive weaponry,” the speaker of the parliament, Volodymyr Groysman, told Stoltenberg making his first visit to Ukraine as head of NATO, 18 months after Russia seized Ukraine's Crimean peninsula.
Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk, sitting alongside Stoltenberg at a national security council meeting, was equally blunt in depicting a threat from Russia which, however, denies it has provided weapons to the rebels in the east.
“Defense capabilities are essential to us in the face of a nuclear country, which has spent tens of billions of dollars on modernizing its army,” Yatseniuk said.
Diplomats said the issue of weaponry was raised at the security council, but the tone was less strident than in public. Initially, defensive equipment, for the Ukrainians, could include more communication equipment, they said.
Hours earlier, Stoltenberg had signed agreements to help modernize the Ukrainian armed forces.
But Stoltenberg said that was as far as NATO would go, telling Reuters in an interview that “NATO does not provide or supply weapons.”
“The main focus now is the implementation of the Minsk agreement,” Stoltenberg said, adding that Monday was the first day since the peace deal was signed in February in which no violations of the ceasefire had been registered.
EUROPE'S OUTPOST
The ebb in violence in Ukraine's east, where the West say Russia is supporting and arming separatists and has positioned its own heavy weapons, was an opportunity for new momentum for diplomacy, Stoltenberg said.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, while accepting that non-NATO Ukraine could not expect direct military aid, portrayed his country as a bulwark against Russian aggression that could one day threaten other parts of the continent.
“De jure we are not allies, but de facto we are much more than partners. Ukraine is the most eastern outpost of the Euro-Atlantic area,” Poroshenko said.
Stoltenberg sees Ukraine as the most complex of Europe's many crises and backs the 11-step Minsk peace deal signed in February that set an end-year deadline for implementation.
He sees the alliance's role mainly limited to helping rebuild the Ukrainian army after years of mismanagement that was reflected in defeats by the pro-Russian rebels.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Former president Viktor Yanukovich dropped a bid to join NATO in 2010 to please Moscow. When he moved last year to decline an EU partnership deal and draw closer to Moscow, he was toppled by protests dubbed by Russia a Western-backed coup.
The current pro-Western leadership under Poroshenko now sees NATO membership as the only way to protect its territory. NATO, however, wants to avoid provoking Moscow.
Russia opposes any potential expansion of NATO to former communist areas of eastern and southeastern Europe, part of a battle for influence that lies at the heart of the conflict in Ukraine.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) on Sunday said President Trump has not been following through on the economic promises he made during the campaign.
"There's a whole lot of discussion about the racist, in my view, immigration policies of the Trump administration, which are based on anti-Muslim ideology, which are doing us enormous harm all over the world — something else is going on at the exact same moment," Sanders said on NBC's "Meet The Press."
"President Trump is backtracking on every economic promise that he made to the American people."
ADVERTISEMENT
Sanders pointed to the president's campaign promises that he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
"So what's going on right now, we're talking a whole lot about immigration," Sanders said.
"He's appointing Wall Street bankers, the same people he told us he would oppose, to very high positions ... we're talking a whole lot about dividing the American people up. We're supposed to hate Muslims, we're supposed to hate Latinos."
When asked if he thinks all of this is a "shiny metal object" to distract and divide the public, Sanders responded: "You got it."
"Meanwhile, he was going to clean the swamp. Remember that?" Sanders asked.
"Well guess who's running the swamp right now. The same exact Wall Street guys from Goldman Sachs who were there in the past."
Sanders urged Americans to "stay focused."
"Do you want billionaires and Wall Street executives to be running this economy," he said, "or do we want economic policies that work for working families and the middle class?"
Sanders also reiterated his opinion that the president is "delusional in many respects" and a "pathological liar."
"It is very harsh, but I think that's the truth," he said, citing Trump's claims of widespread voter fraud in the 2016 presidential race.
"I think what we need to do right now is focusing on bringing the American people together around a progressive agenda," Sanders said.
Just days before Joshua Stiles fatally shot his wife and took his own life, the 30-year-old Army veteran from Alabama sought mental health treatment, only to be turned away.
"It shouldn't be this hard to get help," said Stiles' sister Jennifer Johnson. "He was trying to get help to be a better person, a better husband, a better man, a better father."
Stiles had been suffering with PTSD, depression and anxiety for years before he shot his 22-year-old wife, Brittney Stiles, in front of her sister and their 2-year-old daughter, Mary Jane, in Russellville. Josh Stiles fled the scene and killed himself after a police chase this past Tuesday, according to authorities.
Johnson said her brother contacted a mental health treatment facility in Russellville several days before the murder-suicide but was told he would have to make an appointment. Johnson said she called Decatur Morgan Hospital hoping a bed would be available for Josh, who was willing to voluntarily commit himself for psychiatric treatment. But, there were no spaces open. Hospital spokeswoman Leigh Hays did not answer a request for comment.
Josh Stiles even contacted Veterans Affairs, his sister told AL.com.
"They said they would send him some paperwork to fill out," Johnson said. "They said if he was feeling suicidal he should go to the emergency room. At that moment, he wasn't feeling suicidal. He just knew he was struggling with PTSD and depression."
Joshua Stiles' story is the most recent in a series of cases highlighting a mental health crisis in Alabama. The closure of several psychiatric treatment facilities has left the state, which is experiencing a shortage of funding, also without enough beds to house mental health patients in hospitals and other care centers. In 2016, AL.com published an in-depth series of stories detailing the crisis and steps being taken to address it.
Long waits as gridlock grips Alabama mental health system After years of budget cuts and hospital closings, wait lists are longer for care in state psychiatric facilities.
Amy Burks, a VA social worker, said mental illness is common among veterans, who experience some of the highest suicide rates at about 20 deaths per day.
"We've got to do better at educating veterans about what we can do to help them when they leave military service," Burks told AL.com. Of the 20 veterans who die by suicide each day, an average of 14 aren't being treated by the VA.
Jeffrey Hester, a VA spokesman, said Josh Stiles was not a patient in the agency's system and told AL.com he could not comment on individual cases for privacy reasons.
The VA offers comprehensive mental and physical health treatment for veterans, but many of them don't hear about the availability of care, Burks said. Alabama's VA headquarters is located in Birmingham, but community centers are open in nine other cities, including Huntsville.
In Huntsville, a full staff of mental health workers, including counselors and psychiatrists are available for crisis management -- even assisting walk-in patients, Burks said. The professionals are trained to support veterans experiencing PTSD, depression, anxiety, marital problems and other stressors.
Burks said walk-in patients do not have to be enrolled in VA care, but to continue treatment they would need to qualify.
Help is available through a 24-hour prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255. The hotline can be reached via text at 838255, and online chat is available here.
'He just came back different'
Johnson said her brother had been suffering with PTSD for years -- even before his military service in Afghanistan because their childhoods weren't ideal.
Josh's father went to prison nearly 20 years ago after pleading guilty to sodomy of a young female family member, court records show. Rape charges were dismissed in exchange for Robert Stiles Jr. pleading guilty and accepting a 20-year prison sentence.
"He always blamed himself and felt guilty for what his father did," Johnson said.
Josh and Jennifer spent a stint of their childhoods in foster care before going to live with their grandparents.
"He grew up feeling like his mother abandoned him," Johnson said. "But that was not really the case. That's just what we thought when we were kids. We've been very close with her since we've been adults."
After Josh joined the military in 2012, his mental illness only became more severe, Johnson said.
"He just came back different," Josh's sister said of his life after the Army.
Burks said that's not uncommon for veterans.
"Mental health issues are compounded for veterans who serve combat tours," she said. "It's identity confusion when they are thrown back into civilian and family life with no road map. The system is just too hard to navigate."
Army Sgt. Eric Shaw was Josh's team leader in Afghanistan from 2013 until Stiles was honorably discharged in 2016.
"That place will do something to you," Shaw said. "We all battle our own little demons. He's been battling his since he was a kid. Josh was a troubled soul in the beginning of his life."
Despite Josh's struggles, he was known a good-hearted man, according to Shaw.
"He had a big heart and he loved everybody," Shaw said. "He would give his shirt off his back, even if that was all he had to give you. We used to sit up at night in Afghanistan and play video games and talk about life."
Shaw said Josh joined the military in hopes of bettering himself.
"He had a bigger cause -- to straighten himself out," Shaw said. "I respected him for that. He got to serve his country freely and he never looked back.
"This event that happened, this was not Josh," Shaw said of the murder-suicide. "This was his disease he's been battling and he just lost the fight."
'Not a monster'
Johnson said she hopes to bring awareness to the mental health crisis that is affecting Alabama, though she doesn't see her brother's illness as an excuse for what he did.
"I'm not defending his actions," Johnson said. "I just want people to see the mental health system is failing people. He came to me for help and I wish I could've done more. I didn't for one second think he was capable of something like that."
Josh and Brittney Stiles had been involved in an ongoing domestic dispute for weeks before they died, police said. Brittney's sister, Amber West, has told AL.com Josh was verbally abusive toward his wife, though their arguments never became physical until the shooting.
'She died in my arms': Sister recounts woman's tragic death in Russellville murder-suicide "I will never forget that look of hate he had when he shot her. The look of fear in her eyes when he drew the gun on her, I'll never forget it," the victim's sister told AL.com.
"He just snapped," Johnson said. "And Brittney was the most beautiful, wonderful, sweet person. It's not like I just lost my brother. She was my best friend and my sister. She did not deserve this or anything they've been through. I am heartbroken for her loss as well. I feel like I failed them both."
Shaw said he and Josh hadn't been talking much in the days leading up to the shootings.
"He used to call me and lean on me a lot," Shaw said. "But sometimes people need to be left alone. Josh went his own way. I was keeping up with him on Facebook and everything looked perfect.
"People think he was a monster, but he's not a monster," Shaw added. "He was sick and he felt like he had nothing to live for."
Joshua Stiles
Stiles was awarded the Army Commendation Medal and Army Achievement Medal.
"Everybody received those awards in Afghanistan for our efforts," Shaw said. "But, Josh, he never cared about the awards."
Josh also was the father of Kinzley, an 8-year-old born to his first wife in Colorado.
"He wasn't this person," Johnson said. "My brother would've never done this if he was in his right mind. I wish I could've saved him, and I tried. But, the mental health system just makes it too hard."
Unionized Winnipeg Airports Authority (WAA) employees will picket outside Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport Friday as contract negotiations head into mediation starting next week.
A media advisory sent out by the Public Service Alliance of Canada (PSAC) Thursday says the demonstration will start at noon and is being held to protest contracting out and to show support for the bargaining team as they head into mediation.
The two sides are scheduled to meet with a federally appointed mediator next week in a final attempt to reach a tentative agreement and avert strike action.
Negotiations began in October 2016 and the union would be in a position to strike as of 12:01 a.m. on July 22.
Approximately 150 employees—including duty managers, administrative workers, various tradespersons, IT workers, airfield maintenance, and labourers—are represented by the PSAC and the Union of Canadian Transportation Employees (a component of the PSAC).
— Staff
Advertisements
229 Shares
News Highlights
Related
Comments
comments
Civil Georgia
December 4, 2012
Rasmussen: Georgia is NATO's ‘Dedicated' Partner
Tbilisi: NATO foreign ministers will “recognize the progress that Georgia has made” when they meet their Georgian counterpart, Maia Panjikidze, on December 5, NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said before the start of a two-day NATO foreign ministerial meeting in Brussels on Tuesday.
He said that NATO foreign ministers would “encourage all parties [in Georgia] to keep up the momentum of democratic reforms.”
Rasmussen described Georgia as “a dedicated partner and one of the countries which aspires to join the Alliance.”
“Georgia has shown an exemplary commitment to our mission in Afghanistan and tomorrow we will discuss with all of our partners in ISAF the question of long-term funding for the Afghan forces as part of a broad international effort,” Rasmussen said.
—————————————————————————-
Civil Georgia
December 4, 2012
NATO Chief Speaks of Need for ‘Smooth Cohabitation' in Georgia
Tbilisi: With the democratic parliamentary elections last month Georgia has passed an important test, but NATO is now looking forward to “a smooth cohabitation” between President Saakashvili and the new government led by PM Ivanishvili, NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said.
He made the remarks at a news conference after a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at foreign ministerial level in Brussels on December 4 while responding to a question from a Georgian journalist that after the elections there were expectations in Georgia of getting a Membership Action Plan (MAP) from NATO either during the NATO-Georgia Commission meeting on December 5 or in the nearest future.
“The elections in Georgia lived up to democratic standards and Georgia that way passed a very important test. Now we look forward to a smooth cohabitation between the new government and the current President; we look forward to presidential elections next year…conducted in the same democratic way as the parliamentary elections this year,” Rasmussen said.
“We have never planned to have discussions on the Membership Action Plan or any other steps at the NATO-Georgia Commission meeting tomorrow,” the NATO Secretary General said.
“The [NATO-Georgia] Commission meeting tomorrow will be the first opportunity for NATO allies to discuss Georgia's NATO aspirations with the new government. I am very pleased that the new government has reaffirmed its NATO aspirations, so there seems to be a broad consensus in Georgia that Georgia will continue to pursue future membership in our Alliance and in exchange we have reiterated that the decision we took in Bucharest in 2008, that Georgia will become a member of NATO provided of course that Georgia fulfills the necessary criteria, still stands,” Rasmussen added.
—————————————————————————
Rustavi 2
December 4, 2012
NATO-Georgia Commission to convene in Brussels tomorrow
A series of ministerial talks at NATO headquarters is underway in Brussels. A meeting of the NATO-Russia council was held today. Foreign ministers from NATO nations and Russia agreed to increase their cooperation in 2013 at the meeting.
A meeting of NATO- Georgia Commission, which will be held tomorrow, will open the second day of the ministerial. Georgia`s foreign minister, Ms. Maia Panjikidze, will deliver a speech at the meeting.
The Georgian delegation will also participate in the meeting of the Afghanistan Commission which will convene tomorrow. Georgia is going to attend the meeting with the status of a special guest.
Meanwhile, NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen made an initial statement regarding Georgia.
“Tomorrow we will meet the foreign minister of Georgia, a dedicated partner and one of the countries which aspires to join the alliance. We will recognize the progress that Georgia has made and encourage all parties to keep up the momentum of democratic reforms. Georgia has shown exemplary commitment to our mission in Afghanistan”, he said.
“In my speech I will touch upon the changes that have been carried out in Georgia and the strategy the Georgian government will follow on its way to integration into NATO. This foreign policy priority has not changed and, moreover, Georgia intends to strengthen its strategic partnership with NATO and partner countries even more”, Ms. Panjikidze said.
Maia Panjkikidze on the first day of her visit in Brussels held meetings with the foreign ministers of Latvia, Romania and Hungary. At the meetings the sides discussed the position the partner countries are going to show towards Georgia on its way to NATO as well as bilateral relations.
—————————————————————————
Civil Georgia
December 4, 2012
NATO, Georgian FMs to Meet in Brussels
Tbilisi: Foreign ministers from NATO-member states will meet their Georgian counterpart, Maia Panjikidze, in the framework of the NATO-Georgia Commission in Brussels on December 5.
The meeting, which will be held on the sidelines of a two-day NATO foreign ministerial summit, will discuss foreign policy and the reform priorities of Georgia's new government, according to NATO spokesperson Oana Lungescu.
“They'll discuss the foreign policy and reform priorities of the new government, including its objectives to further strengthen democratic institutions and advance on the path of the Euro-Atlantic integration,” she said on November 30.
A meeting of NATO foreign ministers with non-NATO ISAF contributing nations is also scheduled on December 5.
Last month Georgia doubled its contribution to the NATO-led operation in Afghanistan to 1,571 servicemen, according to the Georgian Ministry of Defense.
…
Advertisements
Simulation; something that's been at the heart of gaming from the start. From simulated Ping-Pong to simulated warfare to simulated life itself, it's been a central theme through the medium's history. Gamers these days seem to desire simulated versions of everything, with decent sales figures trending for football management, trucking and farming simulations alike. However, no matter which way you look at it, each of these various simulations have one goal, the accumulation of wealth.
And Wealth comes from trading goods or services. That's where the Patrician series came in. A historical trading simulation series set in northern Europe; it set the bar for the subgenre and spawned a successful series by emphasising the building of a trade empire and accumulation of money, real estate and goods across a variety of locations. From this success, from the same developer, came a similar game based in the Caribbean, Port Royale. The company responsible, Ascaron Entertainment, folded in 2009, with these assets sold to Kalypso Media and many former staff incorporated into their Gaming Minds studio, who continue to build on this old IP successfully.
Here's where Rise of Venice comes in; set in the 15th Century Renaissance period, Rise of Venice is unsurprisingly a trade and economy simulation based in the canalled city and across the Mediterranean, created by that same team. Emphasising the building and maintenance of a family trading business, the central concept is one of buying low, selling high, and rising up the ranks of the Venetian Senate. Created by veterans of the genre, will Rise of Venice turn out to be a stand-out example of everything they've achieved, or simply a re-done version of the same old game?
At its simplest, it goes like this; you sail to a city, buy goods which there is an excess of, sail to another city which lacks them and sell for a profit. Rinse and repeat. This formula works, and has worked for years. The execution of trading within Rise of Venice is good, as it should be. Whilst at first it's a little difficult to perfect, once you get it you get it. The actual interface is slick and responsive, styled well in regards to the subject matter and incredibly functional. Sailing between cities is as simple as a single click, with interaction within cities done through a radial menu.
Cities themselves are nicely executed, with models on the game-map reflecting structures faithfully. If the radial menu isn't to your taste you can simply click on individual buildings to reach their menu, which is a refreshing touch.Excelling graphically, the visual style should be applauded both in the general game and within cut scenes. Each city is distinct and well-crafted. On the whole the world is colourful and detailed, with little, much appreciated touches such as fish and smoke bringing the aesthetic together. There's an interesting line between attractive period detail and meta-game info-graphic which is well-trod with use of colour coding and flags. All in all, the map itself is more dynamic than ones found in similar products, although the sheer fact that it is very much still a top-down map rather than an expanded world is very much apparent. Camera rotation would have alleviated the problem, though it is but a small complaint in the scale of things.
There are two aspects which really set Rise of Venice apart from its predecessors, both very much linked to the setting. Firstly, Advancement though the ranking system is tied intrinsically to your relationships with the various ranking Venetian families. Doge elections and the approval of the senate are central to everything, limiting the convoys you can maintain and the actual goods you can trade from the start. This adds a new level of political intrigue to the tried and tested formulas inherent in the actual gameplay, with the fulfilment of certain criteria and missions necessary for progression up the social ladder. As you complete side objectives through various means, your reputation changes with different factions and your presence begins to be felt. Examples of such actions include bribery, building useful public services, thievery, seduction and defence.
Whilst an interesting change, the inclusion of the social progression is a double-edged sword. Some would argue that it is a deeper look at aspects affecting merchants of the era, which adds variety to the trading, whilst others would suggest it distracts from the numbers-game of carefully trading stock and arbitrarily limits freedom from the start. With more depth to it, the social system could have been substantially improved, but as it is it still functions as a meaningful way to progress.
What I do love about Rise of Venice is the premise of playing not just as a single character, but as a family. Your convoys are often led by your cousins, uncles, and other family members. Those who don't sail can be used for other means, helping out cities in peril and improving relations for example. The fact that a full family tree can be viewed is central to making you feel connected to these people, adding personality to what otherwise could have ended up as a rather detached experience.
At the end of the day, Rise of Venice is a very particular kind of game which is not going to appeal to everyone. The pace is slow in comparison to most games of this generation, however fans of the genre have something very special to find here. There is enough depth to appease those who love the numbers game beneath trading sims, and enough difference to make it worthy of a purchase, with the whole experience feeling very much rooted in the historical setting.
Disclaimer:All scores given within our reviews are based on the artist's personal opinion; this should in no way impede your decision to purchase the game.
Go ahead and cheat. That's the apparent lesson sent by...
A panel of state judges just taught New York City students a clear-cut lesson: It's OK to cheat on tests.
Yep: That's the message from the Appellate Division decision that upheld a lower court's ruling reinstating Bronx elementary school teacher Ericka Bolt to her $78,000-a-year job.
Mind you, the five-judge panel agreed with an arbitrator's finding that Bolt helped her students cheat on a state English exam by telling kids to change incorrect answers.
But four of the five judges ruled that, given her previous “unblemished record,” firing her for a “one-time mistake” actually “shocks our sense of fairness.”
What shocks us is their sense of what constitutes acceptable teacher behavior.
We don't know if it was a one-time event. The only reason this came to light was because several of her students asked for similar help from other teachers on exams the next year — plainly thinking it appropriate. Those students scored much lower that following year than they had with Bolt's help.
The four judges actually considered it a point in Bolt's favor that she “did not provide the students with the correct answer” — as if that was a lesser form of cheating.
Talk about defining deviancy down — the syndrome, coined by the late Sen. Pat Moynihan, in which society keeps lowering the standard of appropriate behavior.
We're more persuaded by the lone dissenter, Justice John Sweeny, who agreed with the arbitrator that Bolt “had the responsibility to set an example to 10-year-old students” and that her actions “irrevocably compromised her ability to serve as a role model.”
All this comes as a new report by the Thomas B. Fordham Institute says that getting rid of ineffective public-school teachers in New York City is harder than “in almost any other district in the country.” And that's not even considering the added barrier imposed by the courts.
Teachers need to teach, not cheat. Putting Ericka Bolt back in the classroom won't help any of her students.
“Whatever made you do that?!?!” That's what I get asked most often by people when they discover I'm a vegan. I always find their reaction amusing, in that it's the sort you'd expect from someone if I had just voluntarily dipped my hand into a vat of boiling oil.
Clearly, it's a choice, not a punishment. And although it does present challenges, the dividends I feel this lifestyle pays are more than worth it. You can find a number of hand-picked vegan hampers from Yumbles here.
Here are my 8 top reasons why I love my plant-based, animal-free diet:
1. Anti-ageing
Nobody ever guesses my age right. On average, I get put at about 10 years younger. By shunning animal products, you are also saying no foods laced with artificial hormones, pesticides, antibiotics and other medication (unless you are only eating organic animal products, of course). But even then, meat and dairy is extremely tough on the digestive system. Your body finds nothing easier to digest than plants and vegetables, thus leaving loads of extra spare energy in the body for other repair and maintenance jobs which it otherwise wouldn't get the chance to do. And a lot of anti-ageing repair work falls under this banner.
2. Weight and muscle tone
As I've said before, the body finds it far easier to build lean muscle mass from plants. And it's a no-brainer that if you go animal-free, you are missing out on oodles of saturated fat. And cholesterol. And the more muscle you build, the more calories you burn, even in a sedentary state. I've never been in better shape. Sure, it's likely if you adopt a vegan diet that you will shed a fair amount of weight in the initial few months, but this is simply the body adjusting to the change. Over time, it will replace what it needs to.
3. Relentless, boundless energy
Given the amount of exercise I usually do a week (15 hours of tennis, plus at least 4 sessions in the gym or the pool), people comment that I must be “on something”. I am. But it's just plants. I've never had so much energy, and it's very rare for me to say I feel tired.
4. Feeling of cleanliness
This is a hard one to explain. But after I had done a 10-day juice fast at home two years ago, I felt so cleansed that I instinctively felt that consuming animal products would undo all that good work. And that was the point at which I became vegan. At least I know that by being meat-free that I don't have meat laying in my digestive tract for 3 days every time I eat it. And it's a great feeling.
5. A kick-ass immune system
I've always been lucky with my health, but I'd say that my immune system is even better now. I don't remember the last time I succumbed to a duvet day because of illness, and I don't run for cover every time someone around me has a sniffle. I have learned to trust my immune system, and it rarely lets me down.
6. Animal husbandry
A sore subject, perhaps, but I know I feel better as a person knowing that none of the dietary choices I make are causing any animals suffering or pain.
7. It's harder to eat junk
This can be tough at times, but because fast or prepared foods like sandwiches available in most places - including garages and supermarkets – aren't vegan, I can't just grab anything. It's not great at the time when you've been caught short and your blood sugar levels are in free-fall, but I'm always glad afterwards. I just have to be that bit more organised and think ahead. A stash of my pre-soaked, dehydrated and marinated nuts are a permanent fixture in my car.
8. A cleaner kitchen
Eating a plant-based diet means no more greasy, burnt pans to soak or scrub for hours. There's more to life than washing up!
Today's Top News Stories • Report: In U.S., record numbers are plunged into poverty - • VP's plane has minor electrical problem - • Israeli troops raid West Bank city - • Severe storms injure 27 in Arkansas - • Va. lawmakers pass slavery apology - • Add USATODAY.com RSS feeds
Gum returns to Singapore after 12 years SINGAPORE (AP)  Ultra-tidy Singapore is lifting its notorious ban on chewing gum after 12 long years — but getting a pack won't be entirely hassle-free. A Singaporean pharmacist works behind her counter where Impress chewing gum is for sale after being legally considered a controlled substance. By Ed Wray, AP Wrigley's Orbit gum has just started appearing in pharmacies along with several other brands. Before Singaporeans even think about unwrapping a pack, however, they must submit their names and ID card numbers. If they don't, pharmacists who sell them gum could be jailed up to two years and fined $2,940. The decision comes after new trade talks that included pressure from U.S. Rep. Philip Crane, R-Ill., whose state is home to gum giant Wrigley Co. Singapore has also been at pains in recent years to shed its "nanny state" image and promote itself as a hip, cosmopolitan hub for media and the arts in Asia. But that has proven a difficult task in a country where films and television shows are often censored, home satellite TV antennae are banned and various books, magazines and even popular songs are outlawed. Fines are levied for spitting or failing to flush public toilets. Singaporeans, many of whom have long derided the chewing gum ban, seemed unimpressed by the change. "It's ridiculous that it's easier for 16-year-olds to visit prostitutes than it is to get chewing gum here," said Fayen Wong, a 22-year old college student. Prostitution is legal in parts of Singapore — and no registration is required. This Southeast Asian city-state, known for its immaculate streets, outlawed the manufacture, import and sale of chewing gum in 1992 after the country's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, complained that it was fouling streets, buildings, buses and subway trains. Lee, 80, stepped down as prime minister in 1990 but still wields considerable influence. Gum became a sticking point months ago in Singapore's free trade talks with Washington, when Crane pressed the issue. Singapore compromised, agreeing to allow only the sale of "therapeutic" gum in pharmacies, and the free trade pact took effect Jan. 1. The Health Sciences Authority, responding to questions from The Associated Press, said it has allowed the sale of 19 "medicinal" and "dental" gum products. Orbit, which Wrigleys touts as good for teeth, hit pharmacy shelves just days ago. Pfizer Inc.'s Nicorette, a nicotine gum meant to help smokers kick their addiction, has been available since March. Nicorette costs $11 for a pack of 30 pieces. A pack of Orbit goes for 94 cents. "Why would I go through the trouble of getting nicotine gum if I can buy a pack of cigarettes without giving my name?" said Wong. "I don't think the new rules will help smokers to quit." The Straits Time newspaper, which has close government ties, reported Sunday that street cleaners have already complained about the return of spent wads of chewing gum to their once pristine pavement. Critics of restrictions have often cited the chewing gum ban as an example of the government's excesses. But the partial legalization of gum is "really a nonevent," said Koh Beng Liang, 25, a research engineer who said he hasn't yet bothered having a legal chew. "Singaporeans will quickly realize it if the so-called loosening up is for foreign image, and not real change," Koh said. Copyright 2005 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“Some people suggested to us that it may be that highly educated women always wanted to have kids but they couldn't, maybe for technical issues,” says Hazan. By technical issues, he means that if a woman attended college, earned a degree, and worked for some years, the likelihood that she could bear a child may have decreased. One theory proffered that new and expensive advances in technology allowed educated women to have a child at an older age.
Not so, says Hazan. Fertility rates for women older than 35 were historically higher in the past than they were in the 2000s. Also, “assisted reproductive technology” accounted for less than 1 percent of births. The answer Hazan and Zoabi arrived at was much more quantitative, something that, among other researchers, a group of Swedish economists looked into seven years ago.
With an aging population, low fertility rates, and a projected labor shortage, Swedes wanted to know how to encourage people to have more kids. Child care in Sweden had long been subsidized by the state, and each working family received a voucher to help with costs. But each municipality set their own child-care prices, which often had “elaborate fee schedules.” In 2002, a law passed that capped and reduced child-care prices. In 2009, Swedish researchers looked at what this policy might have done for fertility rates. They found that a reduction of $10,000 in child care could account for around two or three more childbirths per 1,000 women. Basically, when child care became more affordable, women decided to have a child. (Part-time working mothers accounted for the greatest increase, though researchers attributed this to anomalies unique to Sweden.)
It wasn't the first time that child care and fertility had been linked. But the Swedish study offered a massive scale and a direct causal relationship to the economic factors some women consider when they decide whether or not to have a child.
“Sometimes people don't like to think about kids as a financial cost or investment,” Hazan says, “but at the end of the day you hear people say, ‘I can't afford another kid because my house is too small,' or 'I can't afford day care.'”
Highly educated women don't gain more time the harder they work. It's the opposite. But they do earn more money. Hazan and Zoabi found that the increased income allows educated women to, in a sense, purchase their lost time from the market in the form of child care. In looking at a child as a durable good, Hazan reasons, as cost decreases, more people will choose to invest—or in this case, give birth.
This article is part of our Next America: Communities project, which is supported by a grant from Emerson Collective.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
EXCLUSIVE
WNBA coach Todd Troxel is off the hook in his domestic violence case -- and says he and his fiancee are "moving on with our lives."
Troxel was an assistant coach for the Phoenix Mercury back in November when he was charged with assault and disorderly conduct for allegedly attacking his wife after a Phoenix Suns game.
Troxel severed two arteries in his arm during the incident -- in which he allegedly punched through a glass window at his home during a heated argument with his fiancee.
In the initial police report, cops say Troxel claimed he suffered the injury as a result of an accident while putting up Christmas lights ... but while at the hospital, the fiancee told a nurse a different story.
Cops investigated and Troxel was charged with 2 misdemeanors -- but now, TMZ Sports has learned the case was officially thrown out because the victim refused to cooperate with prosecutors.
Troxel has issued a statement ... essentially viewing the dismissal as a victory and says he and his fiancee are together and doing just fine.
"My fiancé and I are thrilled to have this situation behind us and look forward to moving on with our lives," Troxel said.
"I cannot thank her enough for her support, love and friendship always."
"I regret getting into an argument with my fiancé the night of the incident, but I never assaulted or hurt her in any way."
Troxel -- who was fired by the Mercury after the team conducted its own investigation -- says he's also focused on getting his coaching career back on track.
"My lifelong passion has always been to coach basketball and it has been an honor coaching in the WNBA. I'm proud of the women that are dedicated to the game of basketball and it's a privilege to coach them as they redefine what it takes to be a word class athlete. I will continue to follow the performance of the Mercury and wish all of them the best."
Season 1 | Episode 10 | “Quantico” | Aired Dec 6, 2015
The Quantico winter finale is next week, and already this mystery feels long in the tooth. Must we really wade through 12 more episodes before learning the truth? This season would've held stronger at 10 or 13, rather than drawing it out like Christmas before Halloween. (Those damn elves on the shelves are freaky enough, without their spying eyes following for two months!) Okay, let's get serious, shall we?
Quantico … is boring me.
For real. In this self-titled episode, we uncover some secrets. Question is: Do they matter? Do we care? When it comes to impact and importance, many are as deep as Donald Trump's EQ. Lately, the show seems full of filler and fluff. They're extending the story, pulling at it like silly putty or Stretch Armstrong, but it's superficial and inane. If they stall and stammer too much, they're apt to lose viewers. That said, let's take a look at the secrets of Quantico and examine their relevance.
Simon's Secret No. 1
Each class vets the next group of incoming NATs. During this process “Meanah” learns that Simon was almost passed over for being a war criminal. To call him such is a stretch. In actuality, he was a soldier, a translator, who was ordered to lure women into an interrogation about their husbands. To say things did not go well for those women would be an understatement, and Simon was horrified to learn the truth of their fate. He still carries that guilt. Fellow soldier Booth defends Simon, but ultimately the bespectacled trainee is booted from Quantico—not because of his military mishaps under another government (the FBI already knew that), or because he reported a fellow agent, ultimately letting a serial killer out of prison (an unpopular, but still not impeachable choice), but because it came out that he attacked Booth in the first few weeks of boot camp. (For serious?)
Do we care? Not really. Only because it leads to him getting kicked out. The content of the secret holds very little weight, other than letting us see Simon's remorse, but it does show that Nimah should be upgraded from “Meanah” to Bitchah. Do not get on that girl's bad side, I tell you.
Natalie's Secret
No question, Natalie is the least-liked NAT, but the woman loves her daughter and will go to any lengths to protect her—even faking a scar to convince a judge that her husband assaulted her. The abuse was real but there was no proof, so Natalie ensured her child's safety with the help of prosthetics.
Do we care? Nope. The secret has no bearing on the case, but does paint Natalie in a slightly better light. Still don't like her.
Shelby's Sister's Secret
Caleb proves that Shelby's sister isn't who she says she is—she's a con woman milking her for major moola. Ouch!
Do we care? Yeah, this could be added motive for Shelby.
Ryan's Secret
He finally tells everyone he is Special Agent Ryan Booth.
Do we care? Huh uh. Although it brings us to the sweet moment where he and Alex say “good-bye” and “I love you.” (Kinda.) Does anyone else worry that he's too far above reproach, though? So far not a single thing has pointed to him and that scares me more than anything. (Please don't be Booth, please don't be Booth!)
Alex's Secret
She was persuaded to spy on her own team and got caught red-handed.
Do we care? Absolutely, because she just lost everything and everyone. And who suggested she do such a stupid thing? Miranda. Hmm …
Simon's Secret No. 2
He planned the bombing as a political act to start peace talks.
Do we care? Yes, as it likely takes Simon off the suspect list. But it makes me furious with him for enabling the real terrorist with his blueprint. Miranda was right, get some anger-management skills already.
Elias's Secret
Dude has chloroform and kidnaps people!
Do we care? Well, yeah! Why is he nabbing Simon off his front porch? We knew he had to be more involved, but is he one of the bad guys?
What did you think of the secrets revealed? Are we any closer to learning the truth? Does it seem like they're dragging things out? Share your thoughts and theories below.
Quantico airs Sundays at 10/9C on ABC.
Connecting Chords To A Scale
Often, beginner guitar players think of playing chords and scales as two different worlds.
If you're the chord type then maybe you have a hard time memorizing scales, or don't see the value in them, maybe you don't know how cool it can be to apply them.
If you're the scale type maybe you like the melodic aspect of scales or repeating the same chord progression over and over with no variation isn't your idea of a good time.
I'd like to offer an approach that may help with any or all of these scenarios.
With students I always try to relate anything new that they're learning to something that they already know. If you've been playing the guitar for a little while you probably know the A minor chord, I'm going to show you how to play the A minor pentatonic scale around the A minor chord. Since the A minor chord has one note per string, learning the scale involves adding only one extra note to each string.
[Tweet "Guitar chords & guitar scales do not have to be two different worlds."]
The Chord
A minor:
Here's a reminder of the fingering for the A minor chord.
Fifth string open
Fourth string, middle finger on the 2nd fret
Third string, ring finger on the second fret
Second string, index on the first fret
Open first string
You can also play the open sixth string.
(We teach this chord along with E minor and D minor in the Rock Prodigy lesson number 17).
The Scale
A Minor Pentatonic scale:
The nice thing about the pentatonic scale is that it has two notes per string. Here's a reminder of the A minor Pentatonic Scale in open position:
From the low E string
Play the E string open followed by the 3rd fret
A string open followed by the 3rd fret.
D string open followed by the 2nd fret.
G string open followed by the 2nd fret.
B string 1st fret followed by the 3rd fret.
And the high E string open followed by the 3rd fret.
The great thing is that all the notes of the A minor chord are in the pentatonic scale. Yay!
The Relationship
Try this:
Play an A minor chord. Now going from the thick E string to the thin E string we'll add the note that is in the A minor pentatonic scale.
Open thick E is in the chord, 3rd fret is in the scale
Open A string is in the chord, 3rd fret is in the scale
2nd fret of the D string is in the chord, open D string is in the scale
2nd fret of the G string is in the chord, open G string is in the scale
1st fret of the B string is in the chord, 3rd fret is in the scale
Open thin E is in the chord, 3rd fret is in the scale
Now The Fun Begins
Putting it to music:
Now that we've covered the A minor pentatonic scale and how it relates to a common chord shape let's go over a couple ways to make use of it. Instead of playing the whole scale from the lowest to the highest note, stick to one register.
Play with the open chord and the pentatonic notes on the low E and A string to create riffs. Play with the open chord and add the pentatonic notes on the high E and B strings to add fills and melody to your rhythm playing. You don't even have to lift up the chord, just add your pinky! Give the chord a full measure of four beats and the scale a full measure of four beats. Then when you are comfortable with it try to do fractions of the bar.
For the Adventurous Type
Bonus:
Add articulations to create color.
Mix Strumming the chord, picking a string or two and hammering on or pulling off between chord tones and pentatonic scale notes. Bend the pentatonic note on the 3rd fret of the B string up a whole step (it will become the same note as the open E string!) Bend either of the E string 3rd fret pentatonic notes up a whole step (it will become an A note which is a chord tone!)
Expand:
This scale is also married to the C major chord. Try these tools out by combining this pentatonic pattern with the C major chord.
There are two more chords that are related to this scale which are Dsus and Gsus.
Wrapping It Up
So there is some food for thought, and if you have any questions just post a comment.
Ready for something more advanced? Check out other chords and pentatonic scales here.
By Mike Georgia
rockprodigy.com
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You're entitled to have a few minions running around after you on your wedding day - but one couple has taken things to the extreme.
Samantha and Bob Thomas are huge fans of the Despicable Me movies.
And they planned every aspect of their blockbuster big day - from the cake to the decorations - around the little yellow Minions from the films.
Guests were given Minion masks, while a mascot greeted the bride and groom as they arrived at their venue, the Chequers Hotel, Dalton-in-Furness, Cumbria.
Bridesmaids even walked down the aisle in “Minion yellow” dresses.
(Image: Cascade)
Did you have a wedding with an unusual theme? Tell us about the big day using the form below
Samantha, 44, a project manager, said: “It was absolutely bonkers. It was out of this world.
“We had guests saying it was the best wedding they had ever been to by a mile – that's what we did it for. We had two Minions breakdancing on the dance floor.
"It was absolutely hilarious. It's had 1,700 views on Facebook, it's just crazy. The day just flowed. There wasn't a lull. It was so special.”
(Image: Cascade)
The couple, from Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, admitted their outrageous wedding theme went “out of control” prior to the big day on Saturday.
They even sprinkled Minions and neon yellow and blue across place cards, confetti, balloons, and table decorations.
The bride's wedding car pulled up at the venue with a Minion teddy attached.
(Image: Cascade)
Bob, 52, and his ushers wore blue suits and yellow ties with Minion cuff links.
The father-of-six said the couple decided to go with the unusual theme because it matches their fun-loving personalities and they had both been married before.
He said: “The films are great and we thought why not. We wanted it to be different.”
(Image: Cascade)
Bob, a BAE team leader, even had his leg tattooed with a Minion bride and groom caricature resembling his bride and himself before the wedding.
Samantha said some of the guests were taken aback by the wedding theme at first but were just as enthusiastic as the pair on Saturday.
She said: “The guests absolutely went with it. Everybody was wearing yellow ties and yellow flowers. It got everybody together and everybody got into the spirit of it.
"We couldn't have asked for a better day.”
Watch the official trailer for Minions:
Influential Los Angeles Times columnist Steve Lopez wrote this sort of turgid tear jerker of a piece about Marjorie Christoffersen of El Coyote resigning over her Mormon faith-based donation to Yes on Prop 8. Here in part, is my response to him:
Marjorie Christoffersen never apologized to the many customers gathered there, never said she was sorry for a donation which took away their right to marry. Her action destroyed a trust, cutting her customers to the quick.
She never apologized for hurting her decades-long customers who honesty felt she liked them and cared about them. Her donation to end civil marriage equality in California showed she felt they were second-class citizens. That's a tough enchilada to swallow.
She never acknowledged the hypocrisy of her church, which willingly took her tithe of ten per cent, and her donation of $100, earned from selling forbidden alcohol and coffee to gay customers….
I'm a straight woman, so technically I really don't have a dog in the fight for civil marraige equality. By the powers vested in me by the State of California, I can perform weddings, though I have yet to perform a same-sex marriage. Being a right reverend has shown me an important point: Unless there is a paid, state-issued license correctly filled out, signed by the officiant, the participants and a witness, then mailed into the County Registrar Recorder, the marriage isn't legal–even if Pat Robertson, the Pope, Mayor Villaraigosa or LDS president Thomas S. Monson performed it. Therefore, marriage is a civil contract. The anti-civil marriage campaign's argument that churches would be forced to marry same-sex couples was specious: Any church can refuse any couple the use of their location–and many churches make their halls available only to their parish or denomination members.
Additionally, in California, civil unions are not available to opposite sex couples, therefore making the point that civil union is not equal to marriage…
Your article seemed to portray Marjorie as a victim. Well, she is: She's a victim a rigid belief system that did not allow blacks into the priesthood until their Prophet received divine revelation in 1978. She is a victim of a faith that hypocritically allows its members to profit off the "sins" of the unbelievers. She, like so many religious folk of various denominations, is a victim of her faith's training which prevents her look outside the box, the cage, of her "lifetime of faith" and examine how her own experience differs from her church's teachings. So many religions deny their followers direct contact and gnosis–direct knowledge of their God–instead allowing hierarchy of hierophants to dictate thoughts, belief and action, leveraging salvation–and peer approval–through fear and control…
As a native Angeleno, I hope El Coyote does not disappear; I hope that its customer base returns to support the staff and this historic restaurant. It would be sad to lose a piece of history and have an ugly scar on Beverly Blvd in place of the low slung white adobe building with its iconic neon sign. And to have 89 more people unemployed in a city facing a massive economic downturn.
I feel for Marjorie, that her faith has so harmed her and those who thought of her as a truly compassionate friend. Her world has been shaken; she suddenly learned that her comforting religion rent asunder decades of friendships, her family's legacy in Los Angeles, and perhaps even caused a chink in her own beliefs.
She and those who were used by their faiths to further a un-American agenda of stripping and denying rights to one set of citizens need our prayers that the scales will fall from their eyes. And those of us concerned about civil marriage rights need to continue to work on levels–practical, political, and spiritual–to secure and insure those rights for all.
David Mathis is a executive editor for desiringGod.org and pastor at Cities Church in Minneapolis/St. Paul. He is a husband, father of four, and author of Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines
David Mathis is a executive editor for desiringGod.org and pastor at Cities Church in Minneapolis/St. Paul. He is a husband, father of four, and author of Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines
Behold, the star that they had seen when it rose
went before them until it came to rest
over the place where the child was. (Matthew 2:9)
The star moved. Really?
This is already the second time in this short section that Matthew's making sure he has our attention. “Behold” is his effort to make sure we're tracking with him.
First it was verse 1: “Behold, magi from the east came to Jerusalem . . . .” We're supposed to be surprised that pagan astrologers came to see baby Jesus. (For more on the magi, see “We Three Kings of the Orient Aren't”)
But Matthew would have us be just as shocked with verse 9: “Behold, the star . . . came to rest over the place where the child was.” Behold, the star moved — and pointed them to the particular place where Jesus was! Pay attention, take notice; this is no typical star.
Exploiting Their Sin
This is astounding — that God is welcoming the magi, and not on the provision that they first abandon their life of astrology and magic. No, he comes to them where they are, in their sin. He goes as far as to exploit the very channel of their deepest idolatry to draw them to Jesus.
Not only is God drawing these sinners to Jesus, but he's using their wickedness to do it! He captures their stargazing attention with a supernatural “star” and leads them not only to Israel, but to the little town of Bethlehem, and then to the place where they might see and worship his Son.
Science to the Rescue — Not Quite
In the last few hundred years, far too many have speculated that maybe this “star” was a comet or a supernova or some kind of planetary conjunction. I doubt the effort to explain this in scientific terms is worth giving much time to.
“Behold,” Matthew says, “this star moves!” And Matthew is no nitwit. He knows that stars don't typically lead people to such specific locations. There's nothing like this anywhere in the Old Testament.
This is plainly a supernatural occurrence that God is using, specially tailored to draw the magi astrologers — a “star” the likes of which we have not seen, have no experience of, and have no capacity to describe in scientific terms.
God Stooping So Far
So God comes to these stargazers where they are — in their sin, as their attention is focused on the stars for guidance (rather than the Scriptures) — and woos them to his Son.
The magi are messy. This crazy star is confounding. It's messy that the magi are pagan astrologers, such blatant sinners, and it's messy that God is stooping so far, exploiting their sinful practices as it were, to bring them to Jesus.
But maybe it shouldn't surprise us too much. This is, after all, about the greatest divine stooping in all history, when God himself, in the person of his Son, stooped a humanly incalculable distance by not grasping his divine prerogative, but becoming fully human, humbling himself to take our flesh and blood, our finite mind and feeble affections, and take our humanity all the way to death, even death on a cross, for us.
May God be pleased to keep drawing magi like us to such a shockingly self-giving Incarnate God.
The Buffalo Sabres have placed forward Nathan Gerbe on unconditional waivers with the intention of administering a compliance buyout, according to Bob McKenzie of TSN on Wednesday afternoon.
Gerbe was scheduled to enter the final year of a three-year, $4.35 million contract that carried an annual average value of $1.45 million against the salary cap. Under the new collective bargaining agreement, teams are permitted two compliance buyouts that remove a player's salary from their salary cap allotment without penalty. This option was created due to the declining nature of the salary cap for the 2013-14 season, as well as a way to adjust to new contractual rules in the collective bargaining agreement that eliminated front- or back-loaded contracts.
Buffalo presently has $13.7 million in cap space with Gerbe on the roster, according to CapGeek.com. By administering a compliance buyout, the club will add $1.45 million to that total.
Gerbe was scheduled to become a restricted free agent next season. He will now become an unrestricted free agent this summer.
More in the NHL:
Follow @SBNationNHL
• Full 2013 Draft coverage
• The complete draft order
• Photos: Chicago's Stanley Cup parade
• The best of our hockey network
pro-cras-ti-na-tion |prəˌkrastəˈnāSHən, prō-| noun the action of delaying or postponing something: your first tip is to avoid procrastination.
Who would have thought that after decades of struggle with procrastination, the dictionary, of all places, would hold the solution.
Avoid procrastination. So elegant in its simplicity.
While we're here, let's make sure obese people avoid overeating, depressed people avoid apathy, and someone please tell beached whales that they should avoid being out of the ocean.
No, "avoid procrastination" is only good advice for fake procrastinators -- those people that are like, "I totally go on Facebook a few times every day at work -- I'm such a procrastinator!" The same people that will say to a real procrastinator something like, "Just don't procrastinate and you'll be fine."
The thing that neither the dictionary nor fake procrastinators understand is that for a real procrastinator, procrastination isn't optional -- it's something they don't know how to not do.
In college, the sudden unbridled personal freedom was a disaster for me -- I did nothing, ever, for any reason. The one exception was that I had to hand in papers from time to time. I would do those the night before, until I realized I could just do them through the night, and I did that until I realized I could actually start them in the early morning on the day they were due. This behavior reached caricature levels when I was unable to start writing my 90-page senior thesis until 72 hours before it was due, an experience that ended with me in the campus doctor's office learning that lack of blood sugar was the reason my hands had gone numb and curled up against my will. (I did get the thesis in -- no, it was not good.)
Even this post took much longer than it should have, because I spent a bunch of hours doing things like seeing this picture sitting on my desktop from a previous post, opening it, looking at it for a long time thinking about how easily he could beat me in a fight, then wondering if he could beat a tiger in a fight, then wondering who would win between a lion and a tiger, and then Googling that and reading about it for a while (the tiger would win). I have problems.
To understand why procrastinators procrastinate so much, let's start by understanding a non-procrastinator's brain:
Pretty normal, right? Now, let's look at a procrastinator's brain:
Notice anything different?
It seems the Rational Decision-Maker in the procrastinator's brain is coexisting with a pet -- the Instant Gratification Monkey.
This would be fine -- cute, even -- if the Rational Decision-Maker knew the first thing about how to own a monkey. But unfortunately, it wasn't a part of his training and he's left completely helpless as the monkey makes it impossible for him to do his job.
The fact is, the Instant Gratification Monkey is the last creature who should be in charge of decisions -- he thinks only about the present, ignoring lessons from the past and disregarding the future altogether, and he concerns himself entirely with maximizing the ease and pleasure of the current moment. He doesn't understand the Rational Decision-Maker any better than the Rational Decision-Maker understands him -- why would we continue doing this jog, he thinks, when we could stop, which would feel better. Why would we practice that instrument when it's not fun? Why would we ever use a computer for work when the internet is sitting right there waiting to be played with? He thinks humans are insane.
In the monkey world, he's got it all figured out -- if you eat when you're hungry, sleep when you're tired, and don't do anything difficult, you're a pretty successful monkey. The problem for the procrastinator is that he happens to live in the human world, making the Instant Gratification Monkey a highly unqualified navigator. Meanwhile, the Rational Decision-Maker, who was trained to make rational decisions, not to deal with competition over the controls, doesn't know how to put up an effective fight -- he just feels worse and worse about himself the more he fails and the more the suffering procrastinator whose head he's in berates him.
It's a mess. And with the monkey in charge, the procrastinator finds himself spending a lot of time in a place called the Dark Playground.*
The Dark Playground is a place every procrastinator knows well. It's a place where leisure activities happen at times when leisure activities are not supposed to be happening. The fun you have in the Dark Playground isn't actually fun because it's completely unearned and the air is filled with guilt, anxiety, self-hatred, and dread. Sometimes the Rational Decision-Maker puts his foot down and refuses to let you waste time doing normal leisure things, and since the Instant Gratification Monkey sure as hell isn't gonna let you work, you find yourself in a bizarre purgatory of weird activities where everyone loses.**
And the poor Rational Decision-Maker just mopes, trying to figure out how he let the human he's supposed to be in charge of end up here again.
Given this predicament, how does the procrastinator ever manage to accomplish anything?
As it turns out, there's one thing that scares the shit out of the Instant Gratification Monkey:
The Panic Monster is dormant most of the time, but he suddenly wakes up when a deadline gets too close or when there's danger of public embarrassment, a career disaster, or some other scary consequence.
The Instant Gratification Monkey, normally unshakable, is terrified of the Panic Monster. How else could you explain the same person who can't write a paper's introductory sentence over a two-week span suddenly having the ability to stay up all night, fighting exhaustion, and write eight pages? Why else would an extraordinarily lazy person begin a rigorous workout routine other than a Panic Monster freakout about becoming less attractive?
And these are the lucky procrastinators -- there are some who don't even respond to the Panic Monster, and in the most desperate moments they end up running the tree with the monkey, entering a state of self-annihilating shutdown.
Quite a crowd we are.
Of course, this is no way to live. Even for the procrastinator who does manage to eventually get things done and remain a competent member of society, something has to change. Here are the main reasons why:
1) It's unpleasant. Far too much of the procrastinator's precious time is spent toiling in the Dark Playground, time that could have been spent enjoying satisfying, well-earned leisure if things had been done on a more logical schedule. And panic isn't fun for anyone.
2) The procrastinator ultimately sells himself short. He ends up underachieving and fails to reach his potential, which eats away at him over time and fills him with regret and self-loathing.
3) The Have-To-Dos may happen, but not the Want-To-Dos. Even if the procrastinator is in the type of career where the Panic Monster is regularly present and he's able to be fulfilled at work, the other things in life that are important to him -- getting in shape, cooking elaborate meals, learning to play the guitar, writing a book, reading, or even making a bold career switch -- never happen because the Panic Monster doesn't usually get involved with those things. Undertakings like those expand our experiences, make our lives richer, and bring us a lot of happiness -- and for most procrastinators, they get left in the dust.
So how can a procrastinator improve and become happier? See Part 2, How To Beat Procrastination.
*A lot of you are probably reading this article while in the Dark Playground.
**I spent two hours in the Dark Playground right before I drew the Dark Playground drawing, because I was dreading having to draw the signpost, which I knew would be hard and take forever (which it did).
Visit Wait But Why: www.waitbutwhy.com
Dr. Seuss had a unique remedy for writer's block. When the late author, the alter ego of Theodor Seuss Geisel, was penning his beloved Beginner Books for Random House in the 1960s, he'd have his editor-in-chief, Michael Frith, over to his house, where they'd work until the wee hours. And when they'd get stuck, according to Dr. Seuss & Mr. Geisel by Judith and Neil Morgan, Geisel would open a secret door to a closet filled with hundreds of hats. Then, he and Frith would each pick a different hat, perhaps a fez, or a sombrero, or maybe an authentic Baroque Czech helmet or a plastic toy viking helmet with horns. They'd sit on the floor and stare at each other in these until the right words came to them.
“It's a great visual: two grown men, sitting on the floor, in hats, in the middle of the night, trying to work out the nuances of this storybook.”
Yes, as it turns out, the creator of the “The Cat in the Hat” was quite a collector of chapeaus, the more plumed and flamboyant the better. And now, a touring exhibition, “Hats Off to Dr. Seuss,” makes the connection between Geisel's headgear obsession and his art explicit. Featuring 26 of Dr. Seuss's hats, as well as rarely seen paintings Geisel made for his own amusement, the show kicked off at the New York Public Library and Animazing Gallery in Manhattan in time for the 75th anniversary of the storybook, “The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins.”
The Seuss exhibition, which lands at Dennis Rae Fine Art in San Francisco next, is set to tour the United States until December of this year. We asked exhibition curator, Robert Chase, co-founder and president of Chase Art Companies, to explain to us how hats appealed to Geisel's penchant for the absurd.
Collectors Weekly: Tell me about Dr. Seuss' secret closet.
Robert Chase: In Dr. Seuss' home, a bookcase opens up with a false door, and behind it are literally hundreds of hats that he collected and all of these paintings from throughout his life that he never showed to anybody. They were stored together inside this closet, and there's a really nice relationship between the hats and the paintings because the hats, in many cases, inspired the characters in the painting. They all lived together behind this secret door. It's really amazing—an American treasure.
Collectors Weekly: How many hats are there?
Chase: I don't know the exact number. There are hundreds of hats as part of the collection. Now, the hats that are touring the country as part of this traveling exhibition—we curated 26 hats from the collection—they range from hats that inspired specific paintings to the stovepipe hat that everybody's most familiar with from “The Cat in the Hat,” as well as hats that relate to the war when he was in World War II. There are hats from Japan, there are hats from Southeast Asia, and there are hats from across Europe. There's a sombrero in there that adorned the tequila bottle he got in Mexico. It's a very worldly collection.
Collectors Weekly: How did this exhibition come about?
Chase: I've been working with Audrey Geisel, who is Dr. Seuss' widow, for about 12 years now. And I began to help her with the archive of artwork that he had created over about a 70-year period of time, which he had housed privately in their home. We've been working together on getting this material out into museums and galleries, and on publishing some artist monograph books about the collection. There's a lot of artwork by Dr. Seuss that people have never seen, both private paintings and images he drew for the children's books.
While we were working on that project, she showed me this secret closet in her home with all the hats that he had collected from the 30 countries since the 1930s. We thought it would be interesting to show the relationship between the hats and the artwork and tell the story about why hats became such an important part of everything he did.
Collectors Weekly: Why were hats such a big influence on him?
“In Dr. Seuss' home, a bookcase opens up with a false door, and behind it are literally hundreds of hats, as well as paintings he never showed to anybody.”
Chase: Dr. Seuss began to collect hats as he was going about his travels in the '20s and '30s. I think he realized that hats have this amazing transformational quality about them. They could both transform somebody's personality and amplify the personality someone already has. So he began to incorporate hats into the artwork to amplify the characteristics of the images he was drawing. He could amplify—in the case of the most famous one, “The Cat in the Hat”—the irreverence of the Cat in the Hat and what he was about.
And he could transform whatever it was that he was drawing into something otherworldly by the hats that he would put on the heads of these characters. It became a technique he started employing early on in his advertising illustrations in the '20s and '30s. He continued to use it through his editorial cartoons in the '30s and '40s, and then incorporated it throughout the run of his children's books.
Collectors Weekly: A hat tells a story about someone quickly.
Chase: Exactly. It's such a defining thing. It says something immediately about a person, whether it's who that person is, or who that person wants to be. In a lot of his private paintings, Dr. Seuss would paint these images of people in these wild hats, almost as if they were trying to take on a different persona than the one that they actually had.
Collectors Weekly: In his advertising, what would the hats be used for?
Chase: In some cases, he used a hat as a comedic element to, again, amplify the personality of the characters that were in these advertising illustrations. An early advertising campaign that he created for a thing called Flit bug spray became one of the most famous campaigns of the time and, certainly, of his career. One of the most famous images is a mosquito blowing a hole through a woman's top hat. And she's got this horrified and surprised look on her face when she says, “Quick, Henry, the Flit!”
Collectors Weekly: When he traveled, what would he look for when selecting a hat?
Chase: It had to have some sort of personal resonance for him. Again, he was in World War II, so there are several military hats and helmets—German officer hats, Italian officer hats, and Japanese officer hats. The war had a big impact on him. Throughout his travels, he was not necessarily drawn to hats that were indicative of the country he was visiting, but hats that held more of a personal memory for him.
Certainly, in Seuss' world, many times, the more outlandish, the better. One in particular is this feathered hat that fans out when you put it on your head, almost like a peacock would fan out. There's a really beautiful photo of him wearing that hat. That hat is a direct inspiration for the painting in the exhibition called “Raising Money for the Art,” in which are women wearing these incredibly lush, crazy peacock-like hats. And he has a hat made out of a coconut shell—I think it's from Southeast Asia—that also inspired a painting.
Collectors Weekly: And these hats would come out of the closet when he had people over?
Chase: Yes. Dr. Seuss loved having fun, and he was a practical joker. And so he would invite folks over for dinner, and then people would go into the secret hat closet and pick out their hat for the night. It became a game of what persona are you going to assume for that evening's event. It was just a way of having fun, and that was a big part of his world. He was a child at heart.
Collectors Weekly: I love the story of Dr. Seuss and his editor getting the hats out to help them write storybooks.
Chase: That's a great visual: two grown men, sitting on the floor in the middle of the night, trying to work out the nuances of this book and getting stuck creatively. So it was time for a hat. They would go and pick out a hat to loosen up, and then continue on with what they were doing. The hats, I think, provided that escape for him—as did his private paintings.
Many times when he was working on a book and he would get stuck in terms of his creative ideas, he would shut down the studio and just go relax and work on his private paintings. It was a way for him to unwind. So there's a nice connection between the hats and the paintings in that way as well. It was a way of loosening up creatively.
Collectors Weekly: Do you think many people knew that hats were such an integral part of his creative process?
Chase: I'm not sure, actually. Probably not, despite the fact that hats are littered throughout his children's books. I'm not sure anybody really picked up on it, and this exhibition sheds some light on that side of what he did. People seem to love going behind the scenes and learning more about somebody that they grew up with so intimately. This is a very intimate look at that big public icon. These are unique and private ephemera from a secret closet in his home, and you can't really get much more personal than that.
For more information and tour dates for “Hats Off to Dr. Seuss,” visit the exhibition web site. Read more on the show at Dennis Rae Fine Art and The New York Times.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
O precious is the flow
that makes me white as snow;
no other fount I know;
nothing but the blood of Jesus.
-Robert Lowry, 1876
It is no secret that “the history of Christianity [is] the history of blood. And vice versa.”[1] It comes as no surprise that Anidjar should call blood the element of Christianity. Christianity has always known this, perhaps better at times than anyone else. Of course Christianity will always deny the atrocity of that which flows as freely through its fingers as through its veins: “It is the life-blood!”
Wasn't life-blood precisely what the settlers sought to pump into what they saw as the overgrown dead body we now call North America? To resurrect the dream of a promised land, a Christian empire? (Of course there was also the rhetoric of taming the wilderness, the savage garden, etc.). The missionaries carried with them bible-sized bags of lifeblood that they would use to transfuse their white gospel into the veins of sinners: the Indigenous peoples of this land.
O precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
Indeed the redness of sin and whiteness of salvation was sedimented in the racialization of the doctrine of original sin. For Native peoples conversion meant conversion to white amer-european Christianity. In his study of Protestant missions between 1787-1862, Robert Berkhofer observed that Protestant mission societies across the board maintained that the teaching of original sin preceded the teaching of salvation/redemption. The missionaries “had to teach the Indians the conception of sin before they could save them. To this mighty task of value transformation, the missionaries bent their every effort.”[2] Missionaries constantly complained to their superiors about the inability of the Native peoples to comprehend their sinfulness. One Chippewa missionary wrote that “even the church members “have never manifested such pungent convictions of sin, as I have desired to see, though I have taken many pains to instruct them correctly with regard to the nature of sin.”[3] Berkhofer's analysis goes on to demonstrate how the constant monitoring of the conversion of Native peoples to white Christianity ensured a purity amidst the church, the body and blood of Christ.
As it turns out, it was not the blood of the white Jesus that washed away the sins of the Native peoples, but their own.
In Blood, Anidjar talks about the one-drop rule. In Canada we have a document called the Indian Act. It is a piece of government legislation first passed in 1876 designed to deal with the “Indian problem.” The act has gone through a series of amendments but one of the elements it continues to rely on for assimilation is blood quantum. The Indian Act itself does not use the term blood quantum but Mi'kmaq lawyer and scholar Pamela Palmater has offered a compelling analysis of the legislation and the politics of identity and assimilation in her book Beyond Blood. Essentially, the Indian Act controls the flow of Indigenous identity by mandating “a basic concept of blood quantum or descent-based rules designed to assimilate all Indians through legislative extinction…because the registration provisions incorporate what amounts to a second-generation cut-off rule that is based on racist concepts of blood purity.”[4] That is, two generations of marrying out of Indigenous blood equals 25% indigeneity, and this is the blood limit to accessing the legal rights and entitlements of an Indigenous person as identified by the Indian Act.[5]
Indigenous peoples have always had other ways of identifying themselves, yet the system imposes blood quantum as only valid measure of obtaining legal identity as an Indigenous person. The Indian Act accounts for Indigenous identity through a numerical system of blood purity. This accounting is of course an assimilationist strategy. The increasing number of people who cannot legally identify as Indigenous yet daily face the socio-enconomic discrimination of the vampire state are effectively erased. The more one politic can divide and erase identities the more control it has over them.[6] This is the one and the many. The many always in reference to the one. The One-of-many. This reference to Christianity should come as no surprise. Where did we think the Canadian government got their thirst for blood if not from Christianity? The Indian Act is a product of a vampire state. Here again we see a site where politics and theology seek to divide themselves from each other only to reveal their unique co-operation.
As Anidjar so lucidly writes:
This, then, is where necessity lies: the bloodless body of the vampire state rules over, it lives with and feeds on a community of blood, whether that community is the nation it upholds or the races it excoriates, whether the blood is the one it sings, spills, cleanses, or feeds on, or whether it is “the extravasat blood” of the body politic. […] For a hematological perspective enables us to observe a more general dependence on a community of blood, a dependence that is more or less exploitative, more or less bloody. It is a question of degrees, in other words, not of kind. It is a matter of blood quantum, if I may put it that way, a continuum of blood that defines the vampire state. And I do wish to inquire further into this commensurability of the community of blood, later the national or racial community, and to do so precisely in order to demonstrate that its distinction from a theologically founded community of blood is fragile at best, obfuscating at worst, and rather clearly located, at any rate, on a hematological continuum.[7]
What I mean to say is this: The accounting of/for identity is political and theological. Original sin and eugenics. Conversion and assimilation. This and is a mark of the hematological continuum. Blood quantum is a piece of legislation that works in a very definitive way, but it is also the device and the logic by which identities are counted and accounted for, by which percentages of purity and contamination are marked. (Of course, one could just as easily replace purity and contamination with orthodoxy and heresy here). I hope that I have shown that the measurement of conversion that regulated the flow of identities in missionary/residential schools was the same device as the blood quantum that accounted for and continues to account for the flow of identities in the politics of assimilation. That is, the logic of blood quantum is a hematological continuum that in-corporates conversion (from sinner to saved) and assimilation (from red to white).
[1] Gil Anidjar, Blood: A Critique of Christianity (New York: Columbia University Press, 2014), 206.
[2] Robert F. Berkhofer, Jr., Salvation and the Savage: An Analysis of Protestant Missions and American Indian Response, 1787-1862 (Westport: Greenwood Press, 1977), 51.
[3] Berkhofer, 54.
[4] Pamela D. Palmater, Beyond Blood: Rethinking Indigenous Identity (Saskatoon: Purich Publuishing, 2011), 29.
[5] Palmater, 41.
[6] The blood quantum that continues to work in the politics and policing of identity in Canada is more multifaceted than I can articulate here. I would encourage those who want to know more to check out Palmater's book.
[7] Anidjar, 128.
On Monday, graduates of the University of Notre Dame Class of 2017 traded trivia at a campus game night. On Wednesday, they danced in formal attire at a banquet overlooking the St. Joseph's River. And on Sunday, a number of them will walk out on the Vice President of the United States as he receives an honorary degree from the prestigious Catholic institution.
For graduate student Luis Miranda, the decision is personal, fueled by the current administration's immigration policies that he says torment undocumented members of his family who plan to attend.
"They cannot just fly into campus for commencement," Miranda is quick to point out, referencing recent airport arrests by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. "There's something really odd about going to the most important moment of your life — the culmination of your education — with friends, family, and someone who persecutes you for who you are."
Report: Person of interest in Trump-Russia probe
Senior Grace Watkins, a Truman and Rhodes Scholar headed to Washington this summer. will join Miranda in the quick exit. "We'll walk in," Watkins explains. "When the time comes and commencement will no longer be a celebration for us anymore, we'll head out."
Watkins, who will carry the banner for the school of Arts and Letters donning a red Title IX symbol on her graduation cap, stresses that she does not want to hear the speech. "I'm not going to sit and listen to someone who has advocated for horrific sexual violence policies congratulate me on graduating from this place that I've been working so hard to improve."
As many as one hundred students are expected to join in the protest of Vice President Mike Pence, the former Indiana governor, who has frequented the South Bend campus on multiple occasions, joining campus Republicans for a pizza party just last year and speaking at the 2015 memorial of longtime Notre Dame President Father Theodore Hesburgh.
In addition to a swift exit, Pence will be greeted by nearly 500 rainbow flags, donated by Notre Dame alumni and displayed throughout campus in the months following the mass-email announcement of the Vice President's visit.
The effort, organized by senior Bryan Ricketts, proved to be a "cool moment of solidarity," he says. "We did certainly run into some bumps…Notre Dame is not used to this level of activism."
Yet the university is no stranger to political controversy, Notre Dame Professor Robert Schmuhl observes. The professor of American Studies witnessed protests first-hand at President Reagan's 1981 commencement address, his first speech outside Washington, D.C., following an assassination attempt.
"It's not absolutely true that there's a tradition, but there has been a frequency of having presidents speak at Notre Dame for commencement," Schmuhl notes. That frequency has historically been matched by waves of student demonstrations.
In 2009, Notre Dame graduates opposed to President Obama's campus commencement address on campus organized an alternative graduation ceremony on the university's south quad. Graduate student Daniel Moriarty claimed national headlines in 2001 when he turned his back to President George W. Bush during his address to students, choosing instead to kneel down in an aisle and pray the rosary.
Students staged a silent demonstration outside the dining hall preceding Ann Coulter's 2014 visit to campus, and four hundred students and faculty members walked out of class in support of Obama's immigration policies following the 2016 election of President Trump.
"Our goal has never been to avoid controversy," University President Fr. Jenkins told CBS News. "This group has said publicly that their intention is not to disrupt the commencement for others, but certainly to make their position heard," he concedes, after pausing for a moment to think. "I commend them for that."
The choreographed protest assembled by Notre Dame's "We Stand For" coalition has informed campus police of its planned football stadium exit and the university has made no effort to halt the public display.
Outside campus, as many as one thousand community members plan to assemble in front of the main gates for the Vice President's arrival. Representing one of four Indiana districts that voted for Hillary Clinton, St. Joseph's County is home to party favorite and former DNC chair contender Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
Inside campus, the Vice President produces mixed reviews even among conservative students who plan to sit through his address.
Trump travels to Saudi Arabia amid controversy at home
"Trump's administration is completely different than any in the past," says senior Maddie McGovern. The self-identified conservative draws a distinction between Pence's appearance on campus and that of other Republican leaders. "This is not about politics. Notre Dame should be standing up to this administration's hate speech."
Senior Henry Dickman, who grew up in then-Representative Pence's congressional district and fondly remembers meeting him as a kid, admires the personal qualities of the "good and holy man." Dickman jokes that the decision to invite Pence instead of President Trump probably proved to be "a cop out worth making." Yet growing more serious, he observes it would not be his decision to bring any politician to campus, adding, "Not all of his actions as governor are consistent with Catholic social teaching."
A 2016 campus poll revealed that 59.3 percent of students supported Hillary Clinton, while only 24 percent backed the Republican ticket. Patrick Crane, the president of the Notre Dame Republicans, said he was disappointed by the University's decision not to extend and invitation to President Donald Trump. He also said he possessed "choice words" for those choosing to walk out on the Vice President's campus address. Citing the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers, he stressed, "You salute the rank, not the person."
One student who cannot get up and walk out is valedictorian CJ Pine, who will share a stage and an audience with the Vice President, an opportunity that is not lost on him. While he admits he is more nervous to address his peers than the Vice President alone, he hopes Pence "takes away a sense that Notre Dame is a place that is concerned with justice, human dignity and equality."
He adds, "As students moving forward in society, we will act on that." Pine will work in the State Department as a Truman scholar following graduation.
The silver lining on a day with forecasted scattered thunderstorms at an outdoor venue? All students agree it will prove, at the very least, memorable.
"One thing is for sure," sighed Maddie McGovern. "I will never forget my commencement ceremony."
T&T: What types of things have you brought over to trail running that you learned while running cross country, track, and road races?
JS: I have beef with the term trail running. Trail running is too broad of a term. It is an esoteric term and lacks specificity. To many people, being a trail runner is more of a perceived state of mind than it is about the type of running that they actually do. When someone tells me they are a trail runner, it is like they are telling me that their favorite color is green, or that their favorite wine is Rosé. While interesting, this label “trail runner” gives me no information in terms of what they do or how they train.
Look at the body of a 100 meter runner. Now consider the body of a 1500m runner. These are both “track” athletes, but obviously, these two athletes train differently. Very differently. A 1500m runner would never be expected to be competitive in a 100 meter race and vice versa. This is simply not a fair expectation. Yet people hold this expectation in “trail running.”
In many circles, a trail runner who runs well at the Chuckanut 50km race at sea level in Bellingham, is also expected to win the Hardrock 100 Mile Endurance run 4 months later in the San Juan mountains. This is a misconception in our sport. This is because the term “trail running” holds a lack of specificity.
Trail running encompasses mountain races, technical races, hot races, snowy races and races of distances ranging from 10km to 100 miles. You can train the body to do well in all of them, but you can't have it all, or at least not all at once. Each season you need to choose what type of running you want to excel at, and then train specifically for that goal.
Long story short, running cross country, track and road races has taught me that specificity is key. It has taught me that athletes and coaches should commit to a specific goal, and then hunt down that goal with hyper focus, and to hell with all the rest. Sure, sometimes being in good shape for 100 miles will make you faster in other forms of running. But this is just the cherry on top. We need to love ourselves and respect our goals. We should never expect to be the best at everything all the time.
T&T: What do you think has kept you running and training for so many years now?
JS: I like to tease that ten years ago I lived and trained in a bubble of hot shot runners: Anton Krupicka, Kyle and Erik Skaggs and myself. From our little gang of up-and-comers, I'm the only one still running competitively and consistently,if at all.
I tell these boys that instead of being Boy Scouts, stressing over living a monastic life that they envisioned for a “serious athlete,” they should have instead stayed out drinking and partying with me throughout their twenties, sleeping in with hangovers and learning how to relax. Had they done this they wouldn't have all run their bodies into the ground. This is of course not true but I like to rile them up and—like all good provocative statements–there is a kernel of truth in it.
The kernel is this: training is nothing without recovery. It literally doesn't matter what you do in training, if your body doesn't recover from that training. If you just pile workouts on top of each other, without letting your body rebuild itself after each workout, then you aren't training. It might look like training. It might make for a sexy Instagram account, but it is nothing more than systematically sinking your own ship.
Workouts are not the most important part of training. Recovery is the most important part of training, and it comes in many forms. Sleep is a big one of those. Nutrition becomes more and more important the older you get. And sometimes the most important thing you can do for your training is to calm the fuck down and let loose have fun.
Stress kills. Cortisone, the stress hormone, kills. I try to stress the hell out of my body in my workouts, then I do my best to eliminate stress from my life in between workouts. Easier said than done, but it's a good business model for longevity. And for a happy life.
T&T: What advice would you give to trail runners looking to improve their speed?
JS: Early in my career Deena Kastor (American record holder in the marathon: 2:19:36) gave me three pieces of advice.
Drink two glasses of water every morning. Never buy store bought marshmallows. Make your own. It's healthier, it impresses people help you get laid (I might have fabricated that reason in my head over the years) and friends are more likely to have a bonfire with you. Do strides after every run.
For my answer to this question, I am recycling this advice. All are important, but number three should be adhered to religiously. I can't stress the importance of strides for developing speed enough.
T&T As a coach are you reserved and laid back with your runners or a total hard ass?
JS: I'm not a drill sergeant. If someone is taking the time to be coached, I give them the benefit of the doubt that they are giving their best.
If an athlete is not fulfilling their commitments to their training program, I consider this a failure on my part as a coach. If an athlete can't finish a workout, or doesn't have the motivation to get out the door, it is rarely because they are lazy. We must take a step away and look at why. Notice I didn't say a step backward.
Fatigue is not a sign of failure. Long term fatigue is a sign of failure–and apathy is a sign of being overwhelmed by the workload without seeing results–but total body fatigue, in many phases of training, is a necessary step that happens right before big leaps forward in fitness. Not every day is going to feel fresh and easy, like you're floating through an Olympic final. If it did, none of us would need coaches.
It's my job as a coach to help you not freak out when you are tired and the workload feels difficult. It's my job to help you learn the phases of training, and to help you get excited about the how the body is responding to each phase. The body is a machine. It's fun to watch it work and recover and work and recover and get stronger and stronger.So no, I'm not a hard ass. But I'm going to challenge my athletes, and they are going to work hard, albeit in a controlled and fun environment. Because getting faster and fitter is work, but it is fun work.
T&T: Anything else you like to add?
JS: Train hard and be nice. It's the best advice I've received.
T&T: If you are interested in the possibility of working with Jenn as your coach or with any of the other Trails and Tarmac staff get in touch here by filling out the questionnaire. Or you can send an email with your contact info and a little bit about you and your running to info@trailsandtarmac.com
Today's feature is best known as the movie that made Sean Connery quit acting: “The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.”
“LXG” is an adaptation from an Alan Moore comic series, who you might recognize as the guy behind “The Watchmen” and “V For Vendetta.” As is the case with most adaptations from graphic novels, the fan base of the source material of “LXG” is hard to please, and was pretty much guaranteed to bemoan any minor changes to the story that they have so cherished (see: criticisms of “The Watchmen” film ending). Personally, I treat this sort of adaptation criticisms with a grain of salt: a fan base should be considered when making a movie, but they shouldn't dictate it. Director and screenwriters need the freedom to make a work their own. Sometimes the fans love the outcome of this creative freedom (“Guardians of the Galaxy”, “The Dark Knight”, “Iron Man”), but sometimes (most times) they hate it with the burning passion of 1000 suns (“Super Mario Bros”, “Howard the Duck”, “Batman & Robin”, “The Watchmen”, “Daredevil”, etc). This is what I call “nerd rage”: it is frequent, usually excessive, and often unreasonable. And it is powerful.
So, why does Hollywood so often take the risk of dealing with fickle fanbases? Well, partially it is because fanbases exist, and will buy tickets to see movies regardless of how they feel about the quality of the product on screen. How many “Transformers” fans do you know that went to go see those movies in spite of the quality? Film producers and studios know about that. Also, and of probably equal importance: Hollywood is “creatively bankrupt.” I put quotes there, because original ideas do exist in Hollywood and in the film business as a whole, but big studios are generally unwilling to take chances on them when their alternatives have existing fan bases waiting to flock into a theater. That is why you can expect a whole lot more Marvel movies than “John Wick”s.
In the case of “LXG,” however, both creators of the source material (Moore and illustrator Kevin O'Neill) were incredibly unhappy with the final product of the film, and weren't afraid to let the public know: so it wasn't just the fans this time. Moore is quoted as saying, on the topic of the film adaptations of his works: “I have a dwindling respect for cinema as it is currently expressed.” On the specific topic of the experience of dealing with the eventual lawsuit against “LXG,” he was a little more colorful:
“They seemed to believe that the head of 20th Century Fox called me up and persuaded me to steal this screenplay, turning it into a comic book which they could then adapt back into a movie, to camouflage petty larceny.” This led to Moore giving a ten-hour deposition – he believes he'd have suffered less if he'd “sodomised and murdered a busload of children after giving them heroin.”
Yikes.
Anyway, rage aside, let's dig into “The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.” The film is directed by Stephen Norrington, whose film career was effectively destroyed by it. His only other major directorial work was “Blade,” a comic book adaptation that managed to not infuriate everyone in the known universe. He previously worked special effects on “Aliens” and “Alien 3,” which is pretty impressive stuff. However, the production process of “LXG” apparently burned him out entirely: not just the poor reception, but the difficulty of working with the producers, the studio, and the dealing with large acting personalities (Sean Connery). It sounds like the perfect storm of all of the elements ultimately did him in. He has gone so far as to publicly state that he will never direct a film again.
“League of Extraordinary Gentlemen” cinematographer Dan Laustsen has worked on a number of other notable productions, mostly in the horror genre. These include Guillermo Del Toro's “Mimic,” both version of “Night Watch,” and the film adaptation of “Silent Hill.”
The film was written by a guy named James Robinson, whose other credits include…not much. The thing that kills me is that the few credits he does have seemed to be related to comics on the whole, so I am willing to be he was a big fan of “LXG” going into it. I'm willing to bet that the reception was not pleasant for him.
One of my favorite B-movie writer/directors, Larry Cohen, was involved in a lawsuit against the “League of Extraordinary Gentlemen” production, claiming that the film plagiarized a script he and Martin Poll pitched to 20th Century Fox multiple times called “Cast of Characters,” which included a number of characters that wound up in the film but were not present in Alan Moore's source material for the movie. To say the least, that is pretty suspicious, as is the fact that the matter was settled out of court (which stinks of a payoff to me). The fact that such an inexperienced writer was solely trusted with the writing of this major studio project is also a wee bit suspicious.
The cast of “League of Extraordinary Gentlemen” is highlighted, obviously, by the last hurrah of sorts for Sean Connery, who plays the famous fictional adventurer Allan Quatermain. The rest of the cast includes Richard Roxburgh as the primary villain (more on the similarities to “Van Helsing” in a minute), Jason Flemyng as Dr. Jekyll / Mr Hyde (again with the “Van Helsing” flashback…), Tony Curran (VIncent Van Gogh in “Doctor Who”, the conductor in “Midnight Meat Train”) as an invisible man, Shane West as Tom Sawyer, and a host of other minor actors playing various literary characters.
Much has been made of Sean Connery's role in “LXG”: it is said that he only took it because he regretted passing on two other major roles (Gandalf in “Lord of the Rings” and Morpheus in “The Matrix”), and didn't want to miss a potential franchise winner. Sean Connery is also reported to have been somewhat of an intimidating presence on the set, making other actors uneasy and being a general nightmare for the director, Stephen Norrington. He also went do far as to demand major script changes to make his character more likable.
“LXG” was absolutely stomped by critics upon release, and the audience reaction wasn't much better. The film currently holds a 17% critic score and a 44% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes. Financially, the movie made a reported 179 million on a budget of 78 million, which is certainly profitable. However, aspirations were clearly much higher for the film. A sequel was reportedly planned that would be based on “War of the Worlds” by H.G. Wells, but the poor reviews and not-good-enough box office performance meant that this potential space epic never quite managed to get off the ground. It probably didn't help that the director and star both rage-quit the industry as a result of the production, either.
Personally, I feel like critics were way too harsh on this movie at the time. I remember liking it well enough as a kid, and I still found plenty of positives to enjoy upon a re-watch. For most of the movie, the CG stays pretty reserved: I still think that the invisibility effect looks pretty solid. Also, the practical effects used for Mr. Hyde (when they are used) look great. I'm also a big fan of the production designed, which has garnered the film a bit of a cult following due to its steampunk aesthetic. I particularly adore the interpretation of Captain Nemo's Nautilus. It is just cool.
All of that said, there are a fair share of issues with the film, to say the least. The CGI gets way out of control as the film goes on, climaxing in a ridiculous battle between Mr. Hyde and a…bigger Mr. Hyde? It looks absolutely awful. The plot also starts to unravel after the twist, and pacing goes completely awry heading into the third act. When Sean Connery starts staring at a tiger for a few seconds in the snow, and you can't help but wonder where the hell the story went.
In a recent post on “Van Helsing,” I mentioned a lot of similarities between that one and this one. So, how do they compare? Let's start with a few of the similarities.
First: is RIchard Roxburgh a better villain in “LXG” or “Van Helsing”? I think this one has to go hands down to “LXG”: Roxburgh's Dracula is just plain awful. He's hammy, but not hammy enough, and doesn't come off as threatening in any way. Q in “LXG” is at least mysterious, and I liked his costume design pretty well.
Second: which has the better Jekyll/Hyde? I have to give this one to “LXG” as well: while the CG bits of Hyde do look awful, there are also a few moments of really solid-looking practical effects on the character. In “Van Helsing,” it is all bad. However, he also isn't a central character to that story, which is worth noting.
Third: which has the better cast of characters? Both movies are built on the concept of throwing a bunch of existing characters together. As far as appearances go, this go to “LXG” again. As fun as the Universal monsters are, Frankenstein's monster is the only one who looks any good in “Van Helsing.” On the the flip side, “LXP” offers better execution on the team members: the invisible man effect, Nemo's costume design, and the moments of practical Hyde all particularly stand out. However, it is also hard to argue that the League is more fun in concept than the Monster Mash bunch.
“Van Helsing” is overall a more fun movie to watch. However, it isn't nearly as polished across the board as “LXP.” On a quality level, I think “LXP” gets the nod, but not by a whole lot. It is still a bit of a train wreck, but it is at least occasionally passable. However, “LXP” is also way too subdued, touching on being outright boring. There is a lot of standing around, which doesn't happen in “Van Helsing.” There may be awful CGI and horrendous accents, but things are consistently happening in that movie. Overall, I think it is too close to call.
If it weren't for all of the interesting background, I wouldn't recommend the “League of Extraordinary Gentlemen” to people. Again, there are things I like about it, but the product on the whole is a bit south of mediocre. I don't think it is the legendary failure that some critics hail it as, but it is certainly not good.
Advertisements
From 1962 until 1988 a common sight – Métro tunnel construction – photo found on urbanphoto
News from LaPresse today that Pauline Marois wants to prioritize an eastern extension of the Métro's Blue Line towards Anjou, with a planned initial development of three stations in the direction of Lacordaire Boulevard from Saint-Michel station.
No word yet on planned delivery of the project, no timeline though a proposed (and certain to increase) budget of just under $1 billion according to Marvin Rotrand, vice-president of the STM and leader of the Union Montréal party.
For comparison, the three station extension into Laval cost $745 million in 2007.
The Métro's Blue Line is arguably the least effective in the system. Ridership is at its lowest, the trains are shorter and service stops forty-five minutes earlier on this branch. Unlike the other three lines which funnel people from first and second ring suburbs into the urban core, the Blue Line is peripheral and connects two high-density, low-income large residential areas with one of the richest neighbourhoods in the city (in the middle), and not where their jobs might be. Moreover, though it could be useful in funnelling people towards either end of the Orange Line, the number 80, 165, 166 and 535 buses (to name but a few), seem to remain the preferred method to reach the city from the northern inner suburbs. For everything you've ever wanted to know about the design, history, architecture, artwork, and technical aspects pertaining to the Blue Line (and every other line, fasset and component of the Montréal Métro), I recommend clicking here for the excellent Métro de Montréal fansite.
The line was originally conceived to extend past the Orange Line in both directions. Marois' plan is to develop three stations towards the East, and none towards the West (insert mandatory statement about how Anglo needs are being ignored) and eventually build two additional stations terminating at the Galleries d'Anjou. I'm not sure why they'd plan to break the project into two separate developments, but I would assume that the province may want to wait and see if the initial extension drives up usage. This would not be the first time the Blue Line would be built in a separate, disjointed fashion – during the original line's development, it was proposed that the segment connecting Edouard-Montpetit to Parc be cancelled given that ridership in between would be so low. It seems obvious to me that a five-station extension may actually serve to draw a considerably larger number of people, not to mention potentially allow the STM to re-design bus lines to potentially feed an even greater number of people, so why they're planning on cutting it short off the bat is beyond me. The current eastern expansion will serve Rosemont, Saint-Leonard and Anjou, though plans dating back to the late-1970s wanted the Blue Line to extend towards the Northeast with a terminus at Amos (likely at Lacordaire Boulevard) which in turn would have also allowed access to the high-density, low-income neighbourhood of Montréal-Nord. This plan was modified when a Métro line under Pie-IX was proposed that would funnel people down to Pie-IX station on the Green Line. Both proposals were still on the table (even appearing on Métro maps) into the late-1980s, at which point the Liberal Government of Robert Bourassa placed a total moratorium on Métro expansion.
Conceptual rendering for a proposed intermodal station under Edouard-Montpetit
The principle reason for this moratorium was, among others, declining revenues and budgets, not to mention the fact that the heavily truncated Blue Line simply wasn't pulling in new passengers nor did it ease congestion on other parts of the system. Part of the Blue Line's undoing was that, as mentioned previously, it was still preferential and more convenient to use buses to get to and from the city (the 80 and 165 are two of my favourite bus routes; though they're generally packed, if you manage to get a window, a pleasant and exciting voyage awaits). This may not have been the case if a planned inter-modal station at Edouard-Montpetit (connecting to the AMT's Deux-Montagnes line within Mount Royal Tunnel) were completed. The principle technical difficulty was building a train station fifty meters under the existing Métro station, not to mention acquiring high-capacity, high-speed elevators, but the station itself was designed for the higher capacity.
If they had built this crucial component, the Blue Line could have also served to better connect the northern ridge suburbs with the city centre.
Therefore, any move to lengthen the line, east or west, should be done in conjunction with a connection to the Mount Royal Tunnel firmly in mind, so that the Blue Line could finally be used to ease traffic congestion elsewhere in the system.
Also, we'd be wise to voice two other considerations for our elected officials to consider. First, placing a moratorium on moratoriums and segmented construction. If we were to plan Métro development ten or twenty stations at a time instead of in threes or fives, we may be able to save money long-term through bulk purchases of materials, not to mention increasing operational efficiency as the project goes forward. Let's end this self-retarding piecemeal development and plan continuous lines. The Pie-IX proposal, which would link the Olympic Park with Montréal North through Rosemont, Petit-Patrie and Saint-Leonard, should be given top priority for new line construction. Second, we might be wise to consider inter-lining the system so as to allow trains that start on the Blue Line to transfer onto the Orange, so that one could go from Saint-Michel to Bonaventure, or from Outremont Laval without changing trains. This is a very complicated proposal, but it would allow greater flexibility with the system we already have.
A future expansion map including talked about extensions and proposed lines; of all the different proposal maps I've seen, this one still seems very realistic, very useful.
BEDMINSTER, N.J.-- Verizon Wireless (NYSE: VZ) plans to launch carrier aggregation for its 700 MHz and AWS spectrum in 2015 along with other LTE Advanced features, according to a Verizon executive.
Haberman
Mike Haberman, Verizon's vice president of network support, said Verizon is testing carrier aggregation right now on its network to ensure it can work properly, and devices that can support carrier aggregation will come into the market after that. Carrier aggregation, which is the most well-known and widely used technique of the LTE Advanced standard, bonds together disparate bands of spectra to create wider channels and produce more capacity and faster speeds.
Haberman, speaking to reporters in a roundtable discussion at Verizon's device testing lab here, said that Verizon has not had to rush to deploy carrier aggregation because most of its AWS spectrum holdings across the country are already 20x20 MHz blocks. Carrier aggregation, in its most basic form, can merge together two 10x10 MHz blocks, which Verizon already had in many markets, he said.
However, carrier aggregation will enable Verizon to meld a 10x10 MHz 700 MHz block and a 10x10 MHz AWS block. Verizon, which has started refarming its 1900 MHz PCS spectrum for LTE, could also use carrier aggregation with PCS spectrum, Haberman said. Doing carrier aggregation will deliver higher peak speeds for customers, he said.
By mid-2015, Verizon will be able to aggregate a 10x10 MHz block in the 700 MHz band and a 20x20 MHz AWS block to have 30x30 MHz channels. However, not all devices will be able to take advantage of that technology, and Verizon will need to either seed the market with those capable devices or issue software updates to devices so they can access the technology.
AT&T Mobility (NYSE: T) has deployed carrier aggregation over both 700 MHz spectrum and 2100 MHz AWS spectrum, and Sprint (NYSE: S) plans to do so for its 2.5 GHz TD-LTE service by year-end. T-Mobile US (NYSE:TMUS) too is planning to implement carrier aggregation.
In addition to carrier aggregation, next year Verizon is going to add other LTE Advanced components to its network that may not be as consumer-facing but will nonetheless enhance capacity, coverage and the overall experience on the network, Haberman said. One of them will be enhanced inter-cell interference coordination (eICIC), which allow small cells and big macrocells to coexist in the same spectrum and talk to each other.
Another LTE Advanced technology Verizon will introduce is higher orders of MIMO. Currently, Verizon's network supports 2x2 MIMO, meaning two transmitters and two receivers, which is a standard for LTE. Haberman said Verizon will be launching products that support 4x4 MIMO, which he said will improve devices' uplink performance and enhance coverage.
Haberman also confirmed that in addition to New York City, Verizon has started refarming PCS spectrum for LTE in Cleveland and around 10 other markets. Haberman said that Verizon will refarm its PCS spectrum for LTE as usage decreases on its 3G CDMA network. Additionally, he said that, as more customers use Voice over LTE, that will free up more PCS spectrum that is currently used for voice service.
In terms of VoLTE, which Verizon launched in September, Haberman said the "deployment has been excellent" and that "a lot of people have joined the system."
Verizon now says seven devices support its nationwide VoLTE service, including the Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy S5, LG G3, LG 2, and Motorola Droid Maxx and Droid Mini. However, the new iPhones do not support VoLTE video calling (presumably because Apple's FaceTime video calling application takes precedence).
As VoLTE continues to mature, it will gradually become Verizon's default voice offering, Haberman said, but he declined to give a timeline for when that will happen. He noted that Verizon only needs a 2.5 MHz channel for CDMA voice on any given carrier (1.25 MHz each for transmitting and receiving), and the operator can therefore afford to refarm some PCS spectrum and continue offering CDMA voice.
As Verizon refarms its PCS spectrum, he said, "people are not going to notice any change in CDMA performance." He added: "We're going to have a very graceful migration." Verizon plans on continuing EV-DO operations on its CDMA network until at least Dec. 31, 2019, Haberman said, especially for larger M2M customers.
Interestingly, Haberman also hinted that in the near future Verizon will be launching an LTE femtocell for customers to boost their coverage indoors. Any customer who wants to purchase one will be able to do so, he said.
Related Articles:
Report: Verizon starts refarming 1900 MHz spectrum for LTE in New York City
Verizon starts rolling out VoLTE, but on only 2 phones to start
Verizon expands AWS spectrum deployment for LTE to 400 markets nationwide
Verizon Wireless to sunset 2G and 3G CDMA networks by 2021
The glory of Liverpool is reborn. They are champions of Europe after winning a shoot-out 3-2, with the decider struck by Vladimir Smicer and confirmed by Jerzy Dudek's save from Andriy Shevchenko. But it had taken a near miracle from them to send this match into extra-time. Even there, Dudek, with three minutes left, made a double save from Shevchenko that was all but inconceivable. Liverpool's exhilarating powers of recovery, after being 3-0 behind at the interval, inspired the greatest European Cup final of modern times.
Against all sense, their goals all came in a six-minute spell as they mangled a defence billed as the world's best. That had been beyond conception after Paolo Maldini's opener in the opening seconds and two more goals by Hernán Crespo.
The Argentinian, on loan from Chelsea, could never have guessed that he would be substituted not to enjoy a personal ovation, but because Steven Gerrard, Smicer and Xabi Alonso had put Liverpool on level terms. No one could have conceived of it, except for the Anfield players.
Liverpool were in a final they had scarcely expected to reach and felt for much of the evening that they did not belong there. The encouragement then lay not on the field but in the stands, where the great, undiscouraged believers in this club rallied in remarkable numbers. They had come so far to will their side to triumph but at first were forced to admire the technique and style of Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Milan's immediate breakthrough disrupted an acclimatisation process that had scarcely begun. The goal had something to do, as well, with stagefright in the English side that let their opponents strut the boards. The extraordinary comeback was beyond imagination then.
Djimi Traoré fouled Kaka in the first minute, but the position of the free-kick was not one that would normally make Liverpool quake. Rafael Benítez's men had been well marshalled to stifle Chelsea in the last four, but on this Istanbul evening there was a distracted quality to the marking.
Andrea Pirlo pulled his free-kick slightly behind the main group of attackers and the 36-year-old Maldini hit it hard enough with his right foot from 12 yards to ensure that it flew past Jerzy Dudek on the bounce.
The goalkeeper was beaten twice more before the interval but actually showed a level of aplomb that looked beyond conception for Liverpool. Xabi Alono and Steven Gerrard were left on the sidelines of a midfield full of marvellously articulated moves.
Liverpool were earnest and dogged but there was scant sophistication or cohesion. Minds left in a spin by Maldini's goal took time to steady.
Crespo met a corner in the 14th minute with a header that was blocked on the line by Luis García, well before he got on with scoring.
The first of his goals was traumatic for a Liverpool side already feeling victimised. García had shot wide and then, speculatively, claimed a penalty when he forced the ball against Alessandro Nesta, who had gone to ground, but Milan counter-attacked ruthlessly.
Clarence Seedorf found Kaka and his beautiful pass inside Traoré let Andriy Shevchenko set up Crespo to score at the far post. A minute before half-time, Kaka again split the Liverpool defence with a raking ball and Crespo was on the loose to dink it stylishly over Dudek.
Fans will normally warm to any hint of flamboyance, but there was, as it turned out, a justified ambivalence here about the selection of Harry Kewell. The Australian is at risk of being classified as one of those footballers who are too expensive to be off-loaded.
Naming an attacker whose form is so unpredictable was a cavalier gesture from the roundhead Benítez. Kewell lasted only 23 minutes before going off with a groin strain but his inclusion had its effect, too, on the rest of the team. In particular, it cost Dietmar Hamann his place in the starting line-up, even though it had taken Jamie Carragher to deny him the man-of-the-match award in the semi-final win over Chelsea at Anfield.
Maybe Milan became complacent or, more likely, Liverpool found an urgency inspired by desperation. Facing humiliation, they reacted with so much pride that they created one of the greatest periods in the extraordinarily rich history of this club.
It all started nine minutes after the interval when John Arne Riise crossed from the left and Gerrard climbed to head home. Milan's marking was as lax as as Liverpool's had been at the outset and the consequences were just as extreme. This time it was Ancelotti's turn to gaze in disbelief.
Milan had no chance to regain their poise. All the confidence was Liverpool's as they passed the ball along the edge of the penalty area four minutes later until Hamann put it into the path of his fellow substitute Vladimir Smicer. From 20 yards he drilled a low finish across and beyond Dida.
This was almost certainly the last match for Liverpool of a Czech international who has come to the end of his contract, but this game obliterated the past and the future. A rout had turned into a contest full of compulsive action.
The play roared towards a Liverpool equaliser. All the gaps were in the Milan side as Gerrard drove straight through the middle until Gennaro Gattuso brought him down for a penalty. Dida leapt to his right to save Alonso's kick but the Spaniard smashed in the rebound with his left foot.
The ball had run kindly to him, but all credit was due to Liverpool for making this game alter course and turn back in their favour.
· Fears that the Ataturk Olympic Stadium would prove unfit to stage the final appeared justified last night. The lack of public transport, adequate infrastructure and basic preparations left Uefa officials privately embarrassed at the choice of stadium. Chaotic traffic policing saw one access road closed, stretching journey times to three hours and technicians battled power cuts while struggling to connect telephone lines for reporters and broadcasters in time for kick-off.
Milan (4-3-1-2): Dida; Cafu, Nesta, Stam, Maldini; Gattuso (Rui Costa, 112), Pirlo, Seedorf (Serginho, 86); Kaka; Shevchenko, Crespo (Tomasson, 86). Subs not used: Abbiati, Kaladze, Costacurta, Dhorasoo.
Liverpool (4-4-1-1): Dudek; Finnan (Hamann, h-t), Carragher, Hyypia, Traoré; García, Alonso, Gerrard, Riise; Kewell (Smicer, 23); Baros (Cissé, 85). Subs not used: Carson, Josemi, Núñez, Biscan.
Booked: Carragher, Baros.
Referee: M E Mejuto González (Spain).
KANSAS CITY — Apparently the Joba Rules didn't include a chapter on class.
Joba Chamberlain and Mariano Rivera exchanged tense words in the dugout before Saturday night's game, as Chamberlain took exception to Rivera instructing him to quiet down while the closer chatted with reporters about an emotional event he had held earlier in the day with several local families.
“Don't ever shush me again,” Chamberlain told Rivera in full view of reporters and fans.
Asked after the game about the exchange, Chamberlain said, “I'm not talking about it.” Chamberlain said he hadn't spoken with Rivera since the spat. Asked whether he felt the two needed to talk, Chamberlain sniped, “That's between me and Mo.”
Rivera was far less snippy about the situation, although he seemed surprised that Chamberlain had barked at him in such a public setting.
“It's amazing,” Rivera said before confirming that he and Chamberlain had not spoken since. “We'll take care of it. We're grownups and I know better than that. We'll take care of that.”
Before the game, while Rivera sat in the dugout speaking with reporters, Chamberlain was standing by the railing at the top of the dugout signing autographs for fans, shouting as he interacted with people in the stands.
Rivera paused during one answer and joked to reporters, “Is this guy always loud like this?”
Rivera chuckled before proceeding with his answer, but Chamberlain's shouting continued — and may have grown even louder. Rivera seemed to lose his train of thought as Chamberlain's voice rose, prompting the closer to call out to his younger teammate to ask him to be quiet.
“Joba! Yo! Bro!” Rivera shouted. “Shhh. Stop it.”
Chamberlain quickly replied, telling Rivera that he was talking with family.
Mariano Rivera tries to brush off Joba Chamberlain's harsh reply. (Orlin Wagner/AP)
“You do this every day,” Chamberlain said, referring to Rivera's meeting with the media. “I don't get to see my family every day.”
Rivera finished his five-minute session while Chamberlain continued signing autographs, though Chamberlain could be heard telling people in the stands, “I look at it every day. I have to be quiet. . . . They're doing an interview.”
As Rivera wrapped up his interview, he began to stand up from the dugout when Chamberlain looked into the dugout.
“Don't ever shush me again,” said Chamberlain, who started his career as a reliever before becoming a starter for the Yankees and is now in the bullpen again. The Yankees employed the so-called Joba Rules earlier in his career when they monitored his inning and pitch counts.
Rivera nodded with a bit of a smile, at which point Chamberlain — looking stone-faced without a trace of a smile — said, “Seriously. Don't ever shush me again. I don't get to see my family very often.”
Rivera opted not to get into an argument, telling Chamberlain, “I didn't say not to talk to your family. That's all right. You can talk to your family any time you want.”
Before the incident with Chamberlain, Rivera was recounting his experience during Saturday's stop on his farewell tour. The session was an emotional one for Rivera, who sat down for 30 minutes with several families, each of which had an extraordinary story.
One family lost its 10-year-old son in an accident at an airport back in March, while another had a 14-year-old son fighting cancer while trying to pitch for his school's baseball team. A third family built a baseball field in its backyard with the help of the Dream Factory at the request of their wheelchair-bound son, providing a place for special-needs children to play baseball. “We came up with this idea, but I'll tell you what, it's something that every player should experience because it's wonderful,” Rivera said. “The things you get from it, it will change your life.”
Rivera has met with different people at each stop, taking time to salute long-time stadium and club employees and local fans and others with their extraordinary stories.
“I just wanted to say thanks,” Rivera said. “I'm learning so much from this. I'm getting so much from this. It's amazing.”
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
KEVIN DRUM draws our attention to an intriguing paper Martin Gilens, on the responsiveness of policy to preferences across income groups. Here are the key charts:
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
At left, we see that as people at the bottom of the income spectrum care more about an issue, the probability of action on that issue scarcely budges. At right we see that policy responds a little more to median preferences. But what's clear in both is that the rich are much more successful at getting their issues on the docket. That's not really that surprising, but why should it be the case? Mr Drum writes:
Gilens' guess is that "the most obvious source of influence over policy that distinguishes high-income Americans is money." This sounds like a pretty good guess to me.
Specifically, Mr Gilens looks at a range of potential causal and non-causal explanations of the connection, eliminates some that don't seem to correspond with available data, and concludes that the striking responsiveness of policy to the preferences of the rich is probably due to the one characteristic in which the rich are strikingly unique, namely, their richness.
Matt Yglesias offers a different view:
I would say the most obvious mechanism here is socialization. The president, the senior White House staff, the cabinet secretaries, the senators, the House members, the senior congressional staff, and the lobbyists, association heads, business executives, governors, mayors, foreign officials, and media celebrities who they interact with are all personally pretty high income... What's more, political elites tend to have college roommates, siblings, in-laws, etc. who are also prosperous. Obviously the fact that rich people have money to spend on politics doesn't hurt either. But I would never underestimate the human desire to believe that one is doing the right thing, and thus the importance of socialization to determining bias.
The idea here is that elected officials care about the rich because they and their friends are all rich. There's nothing particularly pernicious here; the people who matter simply look at what the people they know care about and conclude that that's what people, generally, care about.
Mr Gilens actually proposes and dismisses this explanation:
[W]ithin any economic stratum there exist individuals with a wide range of policy preferences and this would appear to be true among federal policymakers as well as the public at large. That is, although every Senator and Representative is well-off, the range of policy preferences represented appears to be quite wide. Affluent liberal Democrats as well as affluent conservative Republicans battle over federal policy. In terms of understanding responsiveness of government policy to public opinion, the key question is not what the preferences of elected representatives are, but why a particular set of affluent lawmakers, with a particular set of policy preferences, was elected. Given the range of policy views represented in congress, it seems unlikely that any coincidence of preferences that exists between lawmakers and well-off Americans is the result of the economic status of lawmakers themselves rather than the electoral system that produced a given set of lawmakers.
In other words, rich Democrats and rich Republicans elect politicians with a diverse range of views, but all of which ultimately respond to the policy preferences of the rich. To put this slightly differently, we all know rich people on the left side of the political spectrum who care passionately about the poor and have no problem supporting policies that aren't necessarily in their own direct interest. These people exist. But the Democrats who end up in Congress tend not to be these people; they're the kind of people who respond to the preferences of the rich. Who knows what their motivations for doing so are; perhaps they view concessions to rich priorities as necessary in order to survive in Washington to fight for other priorities some other day. And it should be noted that the priorities of middle and low income voters are occasionally heard and addressed.
But the asymmetry here shapes the policy that emerges from Washington. Legislators worried about the poor often have to cut deals to satisfy the rich people who support their campaigns and other critical institutions. Legislators worried about the rich basically never have to make these kinds of concessions. Money, by creating this asymmetry, gets what it wants much more often. As Mr Gilens notes, this is a feature of very nearly every political system in very nearly every historical era. What I would suggest is that it is therefore not a tremendous threat to democracy, except in cases when mobility levels across incomes fall dramatically. In that case, you create a permanent class of politically disenfranchised people. And that can be a very destabilising thing.
Extra credit
Helkowski knew that the backdoor script he reported to the University was closed, but he suspected there might be more exploits in place on other websites within the UMD system that could grant him the same access to university databases.
“I searched for other PHP scripts with the word ‘upload' in their name by Googling it,” he said. “And then I went and looked at those files, and looked at the code, and they were vulnerable as well. And that's when I found another shell script. So not only have I found another place that was vulnerable, but it's already been attacked.”
“They opened my gate to my backyard. They went to my side door and bashed the door in.”
Using one of these backdoors, Helkowski didn't have to do any real hacking to gain access to nearly everything on the server. With the door wide open for him, Helkowski started to see what he could do within the system.
The answer turned out to be just about anything. He managed, using the access made available to him through the Web server's privileges, to install and compile the Gnu C Compiler (gcc) on the server. He installed the Nmap security scanner on the server. Helkowski even established a remote Xwindow session to the server from his home computer and was able to run Oracle command-line utilities against databases using passwords he was able to read in the script files—including that database called “LDAP.”
“I had access for quite a while. I could have escalated my access,” Helkowski said. “I did not do that but was considering that.”
But Helkowski decided that he reached “the turning point—where I would go from whitehat to black hat,” he said. “I decided I needed to tell them immediately, and I gave them a full list of what I did in detail. That way the university would have full evidence of what I did and be able to distinguish me from a malicious person. I didn't want to interfere with the investigation.”
The way Helkowski chose to communicate that information, however, did not exactly cast him in the best light. He devised a plan that he thought would help both get the university's attention about the severity of their security problems while keeping him out of hot water. As it turned out, he succeeded on the first count but failed miserably on the second.
Using the LDAP database, Helkowski obtained the e-mail addresses of all of the members of President Loh's newly formed security task force. He also obtained President Loh's Social Security number and phone number. On the night of March 14, to demonstrate the seriousness of the situation, he posted the information to Pastebin and linked it on reddit. He then sent a lengthy e-mail to all of the members of the security task force from an anonymous e-mail service, claiming to be a hacker who obtained a copy of the security report that Helkowski leaked to the University.
His e-mail, which was included with the eventual FBI search warrant affidavit, read in full:
Security Taskforce, There are current open holes that haven't been fixed. Out of politeness I'll give you a chance to respond directly about this to me, and I'll consider pulling it off the public Internet. Please read [URL of reddit link]. Your internal IDs are listed below to get your attention. This isn't spam. If you want to cooperate I would be willing to provide details (cooperate as in just let me impart useful information on things that need to be fixed immediately—at no cost or demands of any sort btw), but I would want some assurance (in legal writing) that I will not be charged with any crimes. If not, consider this your fair warning and last contact from me. -ThePPM
Helkowski didn't think that this came off as threatening. “Based on their response, it seemed they wanted to cooperate, though they may have thought I was malicious,” he said. “I said, I need assurances you will not press charges against me, and they said absolutely.”
In the meantime, Helkowski shared what he was doing with a number of his co-workers, and some of those chats took place through the computer gaming service Steam. On March 15, the FBI was already questioning employees of The Canton Group, including one co-worker who provided a log of his Steam chat conversation with Helkowski.
By the next afternoon, the FBI had a warrant. At 7pm on March 16, the FBI and Secret Service literally knocked Helkowski's door in.
“Is there a party at my house?”
“So what they did was they opened my gate to my backyard,” Helkowski said, describing the raid. “They went to my side door and bashed the door in.”
Frightened by the raid, Helkowski's dog ducked out a doggy door into the backyard and escaped through the still-open gate. “And they were basically, ‘Oh well, the dog ran off,'” he said.
Helkowski and his wife weren't at home when the raid started. They were at dinner with acquaintances following a musical performance at a nearby university. As the couple arrived at their Parkville home around 8pm, they noticed that things were not as expected.
“I saw the lights of my house all lit up,” Helkowski said. “I saw people walking around the front yard, cars and SUVs in front of my house [and] in my driveway, and I was like, ‘What, is there a party in my house?' So I slowed down and pulled over a little bit­—and they immediately yelled, ‘Pull the car over, stop the car, put the window down, and put both your hands out the window.' And I saw they had a gun on me.”
Helkowski told the agents he would cooperate, and he asked if someone would call his father to help retrieve his dog. An agent did call his father, posing as one of Helkowski's friend, saying that he saw the dog loose. When Helkowski's father arrived and opened his car door, the dog jumped in—and agents then brought his father inside while the search continued.
Helkowski admitted to the agents that he dumped information from the University of Maryland servers to his computers. And there was no shortage of computer gear for the agents to search. “In my house, the main server I was using was a dual Opteron system with 64 gigabytes of memory,” Helkowski recounted. “They took that and all the USB drives and SD chips on that desk and anywhere near it—which was like 15. They took my PSP.”
They also took the hard drive out of his wife's computer—a system he built from a former server—and her USB drive. He later called the FBI and told them that there was nothing on his wife's USB drive that had anything to do with him, and “they've since returned it to me,” he said.
FBI agents skipped over other items, such as an old server that sat partially disassembled. “I had taken the memory out just because I was going to do something else with it,” Helkowski said. Agents also passed on collecting “about 400 LTO-3 backup tapes, about 15 terabytes' worth.”
After the FBI left, Helkowski realized that he still had a copy of some of the dumped data. “I relayed that information to the FBI because I'm cooperating with them,” he said. “They said, ‘We need to take that too.' And I said, ‘Well, I have that on an encrypted drive which I'm not going to give you the password to because I have other stuff on it.' So they came to the house and watched while I used a secure delete utility and they verified it was gone.”
The next day, Helkowski went into work and told his employer about the raid. He was let go shortly afterward. Helkowski said he was laid off without a reason.
We contacted The Canton Group and the University of Maryland to get their side of the story, but neither organization would discuss the case. Jason DeLoach, an attorney for The Canton Group, told us only that “The Canton Group continues to cooperate with law enforcement to aid in their investigation of David Helkowski. David is no longer an employee of The Canton Group. We are fully cooperating with The University of Maryland and conducting our own internal investigation into this matter. We will have no further comment due to the ongoing investigations.”
End of line
Though he has not been charged with a crime, Helkowski has since contacted the office of the Federal Public Defender in Baltimore for representation. Even if no charges materialize, Helkowski knows that he may now be unemployable in his chosen profession.
"I really hate The Canton Group—I think they're a bunch of idiots."
“I suspect that when potential employers learn of this, I may not be able to get a job,” he said. “I will probably remain unemployed, which will probably drive me into bankruptcy.”
But that doesn't mean Helkowski has any particular regrets about what he did. He feels that he would have been laid off anyway—even if he hadn't escalated his security concerns to the level that involved federal law enforcement.
“I definitely did not mean to cause any damage to the University or to The Canton Group,” he said, reflecting on the experience. “I really hate The Canton Group—I think they're a bunch of idiots.”
If the vulnerabilities Helkowski says he found were the ones used by attackers to gain access to personal information of students and staff, it wouldn't be unusual. It's not the first time a publicly facing website—with relatively low value to attackers on its own—was used as the gateway for a much more damaging intrusion. As for The Canton Group, its obligations regarding the overall security of the site are unclear, given that the firm was hired to migrate the University off the very site that was vulnerable.
IT contractors face this sort of dilemma all the time. Pros are often faced with pre-existing systems that are poorly configured and potentially riddled with vulnerabilities, even as they are asked to integrate work with other systems over which they have little control.
In the weeks since Helkowski originally posted what he did to reddit, we've spoken with a number of people who've worked in IT on both sides of the contractor/client relationship, including people who have worked at other universities. What Helkowski described resonated with all of them: contractors who complained that clients didn't care about reported vulnerabilities and internal IT people who bemoaned legacy systems bolted together on the cheap with no one left to maintain them.
But none of these people took matters into their own hands the way Helkowski did. Regardless of whether it was well-intentioned or otherwise, Helkowski's attempt to create a teachable moment in the middle of an investigation—one involving the University of Maryland's own IT department, federal officials, security experts from MITRE, and other outside organizations—ended up creating more confusion and cost. It's a move that even Helkowski admits may keep him from ever holding a job in IT again.
Must have an untouched system for the patch to work.If you don't have an untouched system but don't want to erase data follow these steps.Stock recovery flashes this, so no root needed.1.Reboot into bootloader2. Flash the stock system image from the moto x factory restore package(if you don't know what that is gone to the development section and find it.The command to flash just the system image in Fastboot is : fastboot flash system system.img (if you place the system image in the same directory as your Fasboot and adb files.)3.Reboot into stock recovery find the zip file on your internal storage and flash, will take about a couple of minutes and your done.This updates, the kernel, baseband, and system files. I am quite sure the camera performance is increased in higher light situations and also noticed better focus.Credit to magui43212 who provided the file and link.This patches the root exploit by pwnmymoto. If you want to keep root and be locked, don't update.Sent from my XT1056 using Tapatalk 2
About this camp
At our Minecraft day camp, your child will be taken on a journey through the fundamentals of electronics. We'll start with the simple concept of binary, where any two states (like up and down, or on and off) can be represented by a 0 or 1.
Using truth tables, a mathematical table used for logic, they will learn about the different logic gates and their possible outputs. Once these gates have been mastered, they'll learn how to combine logic gates to create real-world applications, giving them a deeper understanding of how everything reduces back down to Binary.
As the week progresses the circuits will become more complex. Toward the end of the week your child's imagination will go into overdrive as they fully comprehend the limitless possibilities of being an electronic inventor. These skills will be used to design and implement an adventure course that family and friends must navigate through – come early as these are often quite challenging!
Minecraft Electronics allows the freedom to build and experiment with electronic circuits that in the real world would be a health and safety challenge!
Read More
I work as an engineer for a manufacturing company that produces laser cutting machines and we're able to cut our own parts, so I thought I'd try to see if I could create a laser-cut Fluttershy! This is a picture of the first successful piece that was cut (I cut one piece before it, but my laser definitions were off and some lines that should've been marked were cut). I decided to go with a relatively simple pose (since that's the most likely to come out well), so I used Fluttershy's super-cute squee! I created the design in Inkscape and imported it into the Trumpf TruTops CAD system to create the final result. This was cut on 1mm thick steel plating.I modified the default marking parameters on the machine to try to create darker marking lines, but it ended up making them thicker (and a little messier). I may try to re-cut this piece with different parameters to see if I can get the lines to stand out a bit more. I would like to eventually create laser-cut versions of each of the mane 6 and participate in a gift exchange or auction them off for charity. I'm fairly limited in the number I can cut, though, since we're only supposed to use the machines for personal items very sparingly.As always, please feel free to critique and I hope you like it! All of the files I created (including the source svg) can be found here: [link]
A creature so fearless it sends lions running for their lives: the cow. On a quiet Tuesday evening, a pride of rare Asiatic lions strolled through the village of Rampar, in the Indian state of Gujarat. They were likely looking for cattle to munch on, NDTV reported, but seem to have bitten off more than they could chew.
In CCTV footage, the lions prowl carefully around the lane, until a lone cow wanders meditatively into the frame. The lions take a single look at the approaching bovine, it seems, and scram! Rampar is 10 miles from the Gir Forest National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary, home to the world's last remaining population of Asiatic lions. The big cats are an occasional sight in Rampar and other local villages, where they've been known to attack humans and cows.
In Gir's 545 square miles, there are 650 Asiatic lions, according to a census taken this month. Though populations are increasing—in 2015, there were 523—the predator, which once prowled from central India all the way to the Middle East, is still extremely rare. They are slightly smaller than their African cousins, with more of a ruff than a mane, and a more tufted tail tassel. But the differences may run deeper than that: Attempts to crossbreed the subspecies in zoos the 1980s were unsuccessful, with many of the resulting offspring sickly and susceptible to disease.
An Asiatic lion in the Gir Forest National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary. Shanthanu Bhardwaj/CC BY-SA 2.0
As a total population, 650 lions is vanishingly small, but for Gir, it's proving rather a lot. As the park has succeeded in boosting their numbers, humans living on the fringes of it are coming into contact with the lions more and more. Some think relocation of some of the big cats might be the answer. Since 2004, Gujarat and neighboring state Madhya Pradesh have been fighting a bitter battle over the idea. The Palpur-Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary in Madhya Pradesh has been approved as a potential new home for about 40 lions to ease overcrowding and inbreeding, but Gujarat has been fighting the relocation. The state government has said that it will only permit the relocation if they receive 33 studies, as mandated by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, that all agree that Palpur-Kuno is a suitable new home.
This is as much a political and economic issue as a conservation one, however. Many Gujarati people think of the lions as a key part of their heritage (and tourism economy). Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is from the state, referred to them as the unshareable “pride of Gujarat.” But the relocation project seems to be inching forward. The cows of Madhya Pradesh had better ready themselves.
A father died after being "hogtied" by Mississippi police inside an ambulance despite telling officers he was struggling to breathe, his family's lawyer told NBC News.
Troy Goode, 30, was taken to the hospital after attending a Widespread Panic concert Saturday night in Memphis, Tennessee. The asthmatic died two hours after being placed face down on a stretcher in an incident captured on video by bystander.
Lawyer Tim Edwards told NBC News Monday Goode was "intoxicated" after he and four friends took something in the parking lot before the concert and "got paranoid" and was "in a field running in circle." He declined to comment on what they may have used.
Cops saw him "running from the area acting strange and not cooperative," Lt. Mark E. Little from the Southaven, Mississippi, Police Dept. said in a statement.
"Officers attempted to detain the subject who began to resist and run from them again," Little added. "On our initial investigation we learned that the subject had allegedly taken some LSD in a parking lot before a concert."
It's tough being a Trump hater.
When you're a Trump hater, a really committed one (like, the kind who should be committed), then you've got to hate every. single. thing. he. does. If Trump does something good, like hug a small black child at a hurricane rescue center, you've got to hate that — or at least pretend like it never happened and refuse to acknowledge any reference to it.
Which brings us to the latest silly, stupid outrage of the day from Trump haters who just don't care how petty they look by hating things like — hats, baseball hats.
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), a watchdog group in Washington, D.C., says it's wrong for Trump to wear the hat he's been wearing while visiting Texas to offer comfort and aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey.
THE HAT SAYS 'USA' ON IT! (Sorry for shouting.)
Trump wore a white hat on his trip to Houston on Saturday and was seen carrying a red hat, same USA logo, aboard his Marine One helicopter last week.
To CREW, the hats are unethical. "Even removed from the hurricane, it's pretty inappropriate," spokesman Jordan Libowitz said. But he told CNN, which hyped the story, that he doesn't think Trump is breaking the law. "There is a difference between what is technically legal and what is ethically right," he said.
See, the hat is from Trump's official campaign site. It says "USA" on the front, "Trump" on the back and "45" on one side. On the other side, a U.S. flag.
As @realDonaldTrump leaves for Texas, he makes sure he's carrying the hats he's been advertising--yours for just $40 on his campaign website pic.twitter.com/jCtexY3iOx — Citizens for Ethics (@CREWcrew) August 29, 2017
The tweet triggered the SJW snowflakes, one of whom immediately wished for Trump's death.
I hope there's a surge in the hurricane that kills him. And I don't wish death on anyone, I just don't think he's ever getting impeached — PennylessCrypted (@CptOverkill) August 29, 2017
Others just mocked the silliness of the story — which CNN actually deemed worthy of print.
You are aware he literally brings his hat with him pretty much everywhere he goes. It's been like this for two years lol.. — DeplorableLatino (@DirtyGuap) August 30, 2017
But Dayleen Van Ryswyk, a Trump supporter, tweeted that she was happy for the post.
Awesome! Thanks for the link, I want to get one, but I really, really, want an @FLOTUS hat! 100% want to support #MAGA — Dayleen Van Ryswyk (@Dayleen4Kelowna) September 4, 2017
And get ready for someone to take issue with the hat Melania Trump wore, which said FLOTUS on it, short for "first lady of the United States." We're not sure what complaint the snowflakes will make, we just know they've got to be fuming about it.
Robots somehow seem most lifelike when they're not working quite right. Watching a spidery mechanical creature struggle to keep going after losing a limb feels like watching a wounded animal, with one big difference: the animal has had a whole life to figure out how to adapt to an injury, not to mention millions of years of evolution. The robot might not have any experience at all. That's the problem that Sorbonne University researcher Jean-Baptiste Mouret and a team of fellow scientists are trying to solve. In this week's issue of Nature, the group lays out an algorithm that could potentially help robots compensate for injury faster and more consistently.
"It's quite intuitive for us humans to say 'if something is broken, first I want some kind of diagnosis to know what's wrong, and then we will try to find a solution for it,'" says Mouret. Sometimes this takes the form of set patterns written by humans, and sometimes robots can figure it out on their own. Researchers at Cornell University, for example, developed a four-legged "starfish" robot that could identify parts of its own body and adapt to changes accordingly. Mouret's team, though, thinks robots could adapt simply through trial and error, without having to understand what's wrong first — the way someone might start limping without knowing whether they've got a sprain or a fracture. And they think that by "teaching" the robot about what its own body can do first, they can help it draw on past knowledge to do so.
"It doesn't understand what is broken. It just knows that something is not as expected."
For this study, once the team built and programmed a robot, the algorithm catalogued its potential range of behavior — every way that the robot could conceivably move — and identified the best options. It's "a bit like a child who is trying many different things with its own body, just to know itself," says Mouret. By the time it was sent into the field, the robot had a set of basic intuitions based on its undamaged body. After getting hurt, it could use that knowledge as a jumping-off point to test new options. "These intuitions are wrong most of the time," says Mouret. "The robot does not trust them, but says 'let's try this thing, because we have intuition that that might work.'"
Once it's started this process, the robot uses a mathematical model called Bayesian optimization to find a new strategy. A robot, for example, might begin by realizing that its normal walking style is now sending it in circles — researchers have deactivated one of the legs. It checks its existing knowledge base of around 13,000 gaits, picks a likely solution, and tests it, while the sensors measure its speed and direction. Then it moves on to the next option, balancing its "intuition" with more random choices that could reveal a new path. Once it's 90 percent confident that it's found the fastest and straightest option, it gets back to work. "It doesn't understand what is broken. It just knows that something is not as expected and then tries to find something that works in spite of the damage," says Mouret.
The team tested this algorithm on two robots: a six-legged walking bot and a multi-jointed, rotating arm that was attempting to drop a ping-pong ball into a cup. They tested five different ways of breaking the hexapod, including partially severing one leg, completely removing two, and attempting a makeshift repair. After being run through each scenario 40 times, it generally took about a minute to adapt to a new gait. The robotic arm, meanwhile, had individual joints either broken or stuck in place; it adapted consistently in under two minutes and usually under 30 seconds.
A damaged hexapod (Antoine Cully / UPMC).
The model has limits, though. For two of the 14 mechanical arm errors they tested, for example, the team's algorithm didn't perform any better than traditional, non-"intuitive" trial and error. The team hypothesizes that if the damage is bad enough, the robot's body can change so much that its previous knowledge becomes useless. Likewise, if a robot's sensors — not just its appendages — are damaged, it won't be able to get enough accurate information to adapt at all. And right now, it only responds to fairly simple goals. When humans and animals limp, for example, they're not just trying to find a new way to walk, they're avoiding hurting themselves any further. There's no equivalent to that for robots; they're just looking to be faster or more accurate.
"It's very difficult to imagine how blind the robots are," says Mouret. "We have skin, we have all of our internal organs, all of these things are sending sensory information. But robots usually have just a few sensors." Partly because of this, the robots Mouret and his team are testing also barely know anything about what's going on outside their own bodies. So if they're on uneven ground, or in a small space, they can't factor that into their trial and error. The next step is to rectify this, testing more complicated robots with a wider range of motion and more ways of looking at the world.
"It's very difficult to imagine how blind the robots are."
Overall, Mouret believes that this system could be adapted easily to existing robots, particularly advanced humanoid ones like the competitors in DARPA's Robotics Challenge. "All these robots are very versatile," he says. If one part breaks, they've got a lot of ways to compensate, just like humans or animals. The more stripped-down and specific a machine gets, the less useful the algorithm becomes. "If you take a Roomba — the vacuum cleaner — this robot has only two wheels. So if one wheel is broken, maybe it can do something. If two are broken, it cannot do anything," says Mouret. "So it could be used, but it would not be that interesting." Of course, it can be just as important for fairly inflexible systems like jet aircraft to respond to damage. Researchers at NASA, for example, are testing a flight control system with its own intelligent adaptive system.
In theory, helping robots figure out what they can do and then telling them to achieve a specific goal could have applications beyond adapting to injuries. An undamaged walking robot, for example, could use the algorithm to figure out how to traverse difficult terrain. But these are secondary options. "I think engineers are very good at their jobs. So when we try to optimize something and make it work or make a better robot, they usually have very good ideas," says Mouret. Engineers just can't predict everything that might go wrong with their creations. "This kind of algorithm could be used to optimize robots and to make them perform better. But I think it's much more useful when nobody is around."
A TRAIN passenger branded a "white idiot" in a row with a fellow traveller after she put her feet on his seat has been revealed as a politician responsible for transport.
Keith Prince, of the Greater London Assembly, said he should have just "walked away" after becoming embroiled in the blazing row with the woman.
Caters News Agency 8 The video starts with the animated woman calling the man sitting opposite an 'idiot'
The Tory politician, who is married to a Nigerian woman called Temitayo, said: "I regret getting involved in such a petty dispute. This is one of those situations in which it is better to simply walk away.
“By the end of the journey we were joking with each other and having a pleasant conversation.
"That said, I'd like to apologise to my fellow commuters for the disturbance our initial disagreement caused.”
The argument is believed to have broken out after the man accused his fellow commuter of putting her muddy feet on the seat, with the woman firing back that he was a "white idiot".
Twitter 8 Keith prince with his Nigerian wife, Temitayo
8 Keith Prince has said he should have walked away from the row
Caters News Agency 8 The row was captured by a fellow passenger
The five-minute bust up culminated in the woman telling the man that his wife was cheating on him, later saying: "My feet is literally by your balls, I'm literally grabbing you by your balls".
But a person claiming to be the woman has since spoken out, telling the Sun Online she was mortified at her reaction.
The woman, who refused to give her name, said: "I had sat down and put my feet up, and when he walked in, I took my feet off the seat.
"He sat down on the train and asked me why my feet were on the seat.
"Then he sat down and put his feet on my clothes, and that's why I first started to get angry."
The woman said she was immediately apologetic after unleashing the rant at the man, saying: “I said I'm sorry, because I wasn't feeling well.
"It was a bad day for me, I was late for work and he had put his feet on my work clothes.
"The way it went should have not happened."
She added: "At the end of the day, we felt it went overboard."
The way it went should have not happened. Woman involved
The fight saw fellow commuters stunned as the pair traded insults on yesterday's Southeastern service.
At one point in the footage, the woman pointed at the man and sneered: "Stop touching me," adding: "That's why you're not married."
He replied by waving his wedding ring in her face, saying his wife was a "lovely Yoruba lady".
To which the woman shot back: "Your wife is from where I'm from – you know we have the same accent. Trust me, she doesn't love you, she is using your money, you idiot.
"Touch me again and I will slap you, the same way your wife treats you at home."
But the man disagreed with this and spat: "My wife is not like you."
And with that, the woman was filmed putting her foot up on his seat between his legs and saying: "I'm literally grabbing you by your balls, do you understand this? You know you can't do sh*t."
Twitter/Keith Price 8 Keith with his wife Temitayo
Caters News Agency 8 When she says, 'That's why you don't have a wife,' he replies by waving his wedding ring in her face
Facebook/Keith Price 8 The Tory councillor is responsible for transport in London
A witness said: "It started because she had her feet on his chair as he went over to sit down.
"She took her feet off of the chair and then brushed them against his suit – he wasn't happy anyway and this pushed him overboard.
"The man then put his feet back on hers and that's when she kicked off."
But another witness who did not want to be named, said the argument ended peacefully - with the pair involved apologising to each other and eventually getting off at the same stop "laughing and talking".
The young woman said: "It didn't last very long, maybe two or three minutes, then they cooled down.
Twitter 8 Kieth Price and his wife on the campaign trail
"They got talking again and they apologised - and then she got up and apologised to everyone."
She said the woman had explained she had been having a "bad morning" and tried to make amends to others in the carriage.
The witness told The Sun Online: "She got up and said sorry to disrupt your day.
"It was two people having a bad morning and it was just heart-warming to know that they apologised."
most read in news Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed him with paint MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab himself in neck' Latest SCHOOLBOY STABBING Boy 'face down on the ground' after being knifed at London station MOTORWAY MAYHEM M6 crash chaos as rush-hour traffic gridlocked after horror smash RED ALERT Baby rushed to hospital with 'singed scalp' after using 65p Aldi bath wash
The passenger claims to have taken the video on the 8.50am Dartford to London Charing Cross Southeastern train on December 7.
The video went viral after it was posted on Dartford Rail Travellers Association's Facebook page.
A spokesperson for Southeastern said: "Southeastern can confirm that they have not received any reports of the incident so far."
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.
Audi today announced in a press release that it plans to integrate Apple's CarPlay technology to its vehicles possibly as soon as next year. This makes Audi the first automobile company to join Apple's initial list of committed partners since the Cupertino-company announced the feature's roll out plans in detail earlier this year in March although Alpine and Pioneer have been added for announcing support for aftermarket solutions.
Audi has not yet been added to Apple's CarPlay microsite which lists each car company with a commitment to support CarPlay, but Audi says that CarPlay integration with its vehicles “is taking place through intensive dialog between the Audi development lab in Silicon Valley and Apple.” While its unclear just how far along Audi's partnership with Apple is since Apple hasn't added Audi to its list of partners, for its part Audi says it plans to roll out the first models supporting CarPlay in 2015.
To date, models from Ferrari, Hyundai, Mercedes-Benz, and Volvo have been announced with CarPlay support in 2014, while Honda is on Apple's list to support the feature this year as well.
Audi joins a massive list of other automobile manufacturers including BMW, Ford, Chevrolet, Toyota, and more.
CarPlay, of course, is a feature supported by iOS 7.1 and later on iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, and iPhone 5c to project content from iOS apps like Music, Maps, Podcasts, and Messages to the infotainment system built into supported cars.
(via AI)
EXCLUSIVE
This Item is Out of Stock
In 1993, Superman returned.
Our Superman Black Armor Justice League 39Thirty Fitted Hat is based on Superman's costume post-death:
A black variation of the Superman suit adorned during his time in the regeneration matrix, a Kryptonian chamber that reversed the previously lethal effects of his protracted punch-em-up with Doomsday.
In the film Justice League, it seems Superman's cinematic resurrection will parallel the hit comic story concocted in the '90s, considering he returns in a stylish black costume soon after a very tense fight with Doomsday.
Made from 95% polyester and 5% spandex, this EXCLUSIVE Superman hat from New Era features Superman's cinematic "S"-symbol rendered in raised, silver embroidery -- it's layered over printed mesh resembling Superman's alien outwear.
The bill? It's curved, with an underside sporting a gorgeously illustrated silver "S".
Hey! What's on the back?? A raised "JL" logo.
The official New Era sticker? It's right there, resting soundly on top of the curved bill.
All the dependable characteristics of a high quality New Era Hat:
The New Era logo resting on the hat's right side.
The stitched taping crisscrossing the hat's interior.
The official JUSTICE LEAGUE logo, also inside the hat!
The official New Era tag, also-also inside the hat!
This fitted Justice League Superman 39Thirty cap is available in sizes Small/Medium, Medium/Large, and Large/XLarge.
Islamic State (ISIS) has made new threat to send its fighters from Pakistan and Bangladesh to carry out ‘guerrilla attacks' in India.
In a recent interview carried by Dabiq magazine, the ‘amir' of ISIS fighters in Bangladesh, Shaykh Abu Ibrahim al-Hanif has vowed to wipe out Hindus and implement ‘sharia' law in India and Bangladesh. al-Hanif also revealed the terror group is currently training fighters in Bangladesh and Pakistan to launch attacks on India and is seeking the help of the local mujahideen in the country, according to a leading English daily.
The intention behind the attacks, al-Hanif says is to rid India of disbelievers as Muslims are facing trouble because of Hindus. In Dabiq, he has warned Hindus will be their main target in India.
To establish a caliphate, al-Hanif promises to topple Shiekh Hasina government in Bangladesh. “Bengal is located on the eastern side of India, whereas Wilayat Khurasan is located on its western side. Thus, having a strong jihad base in Bengal will facilitate performing guerrilla attacks inside India simultaneously from both sides and facilitate creating a condition of tawahhush (fear and chaos) in India along with the help of the existing local mujahidin there…,” he is quoted as saying in the magazine.
“This would allow IS fighters to enter with a conventional army and completely liberate the region from the mushrikin (disbelievers), after first getting rid of the ‘Pakistani' and ‘Afghani' regimes”, he added.
Image caption The blast and fire destroyed much of the house
A woman whose body was found after an explosion destroyed a house died of stab wounds, police have said.
The bodies, believed to be Shelley Saxton-Cooper, 45 and Simon Saxton-Cooper, 50, were found after emergency services were called to a house in Riddings, Derbyshire.
Post-mortem examinations found Shelley died as a result of stab wounds and Simon died from smoke inhalation.
The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Police launched a murder inquiry after the couple were found dead in the partly-collapsed building on Sunday.
The blaze destroyed much of the building's roof and fire crews had to wait several hours for the remaining structure to be declared safe before they could recover the victims' remains.
Image copyright PA Image caption Forensic teams remain at the scene of the blast in Riddings, Derbyshire
On Monday, Ch Supt Sunita Gamblin said: "We believe that Shelley was wounded before the explosion and fire. We are treating her death as murder.
Police and fire services are conducting an ongoing investigation and a report is being compiled for the coroner.
It is not believed anyone else was involved, Derbyshire police said.
A pet dog which escaped the blast is being looked after by relatives of the couple.
Review the complete Nations Cup schedule, rosters and results here.
from USA Rugby:
BOULDER, Colo. — The roster to represent the Women's Eagles at the Nations Cup has been named. Eight changes have been made to the lineup that played against France in June to comprise the current squad.
Five of the additions come to the Women's Eagles from the Olympic Training Center following the conclusion of the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens. Emilie Bydwell, Deven Owsiany, Jillion Potter, Christy Ringgenberg, and Kimber Rozier will head to Greeley, Colo., from Chula Vista, Calif.
“It'll be a challenge for them to transition mentalities [from sevens to fifteens], but their skill set is great and that is something we will need in order to compete at the Nations Cup,” said head coach Pete Steinberg.
All of the sevens players will slot into the backline with the exception of Potter, who will play at the eight position. Phoebe Boone, Sylvia Braaten, and Sarah Wilson join Potter, stepping in as forwards additions for the Women's Eagles.
The changes to the roster are based off of finding the right lineup in heading to the 2014 Rugby World Cup, giving different players a chance to showcase their abilities.
“This is an opportunity for new players to show what they can add on the field and how they fit in off the field,” said Steinberg of the alterations made to the roster. “There are a number of players not selected to the Nations Cup that are still a main focus for the World Cup team, but this is a chance for new players to showcase what they can do.”
Team culture has been another key point for Steinberg in preparing his squad for the upcoming World Cup.
With the majority of players having gained caps earlier in the year, Steinberg hopes that the Nations Cup tournament serves as a sample-World Cup of sorts and a place for the team to bond off the field.
“We built a great foundation for the team culture when we played against France and now we can really grow on that with these matches,” said Steinberg. “With the schedule resembling a World Cup schedule, it helps us in setting player expectations and how we need to handle ourselves on and off the field at a major competition.”
Boone and Owsiany are looking for their first caps with the Women's Eagles. At the other end, Jamie Burke is in search of her 39th cap, the most in team history.
A former captain, Potter returns to the fifteens lineup for the first time since 2010, having been injured just prior to that year's World Cup.
At the Nations Cup, the Women's Eagles will play four matches in total. First on the slate is northern-foe Canada, followed by South Africa and England.
The final match will serve as a placing match.
Greeley and the University of Northern Colorado serve as hosts to the tournament. The placing matches will take place in Glendale, Colo., at Infinity Park.
All matches for the Women's Eagles are scheduled to kickoff at 6:00 P.M. MT.
The Eagles have finished third in the previous two Nations Cup meetings.
The Women's Eagles head into the Nations Cup after a three-test series with France, in which the team went 1-2. The Eagles fell to Les Bleus in the final two matches, 27-25 and 18-12, respectively.
The Women's Eagles won the opening match of that series 13-10.
All Nations Cup matches will be live-streamed, as well. The first six matches from University of Northern Colorado will be available on USA Rugby TV, with the Infinity Park at Glendale website hosting the feed for both matches on Finals Day.
Women's Eagles | Nations Cup | Greeley, Colo.
Sadie Anderson
Katy Augustyn
Meya Bizer
Megan Bonny
Phoebe Boone
Sylvia Braaten
Stacey Bridges
Jamie Burke
Emilie Bydwell
Erica Cavanaugh
Sarah Chobot
Kate Daley
Jessica Davis
Carmen Farmer
Molly Kinsella
Ashley Kmiecik
Lynelle Kugler
Deven Owsiany
Anne Peterson
Jillion Potter
Christy Ringgenberg
Hope Rogers
Kimber Rozier
Jocelyn Tseng
Shaina Turley
Kittery Wagner
Sarah Walsh
Sarah Wilson
Kristin Zdanczewicz
Review the complete Nations Cup schedule, rosters and results here.
Synopsis
Habanero is a fully featured Enterprise Application Development Framework that is developed to assist software developers and software or IT managers to easily produce well architected, scalable web and windows .Net solutions. Habanero is unique in that it is developed by a core team of South African software developers, over a period of seven years. Its strength lies in the fact that the architecture is fully test driven, is Free open source under the LGPL license and has an active community. Habanero is continually evolving to keep pace with technology changes and new software development paradigms.
Why use a framework at all?
We are currently living in a world where the complexity of software is increasing daily, users expectations of software are higher than ever before and the number of software graduates are decreasing at a rapid rate. Good software development skills are in short supply! The use of a framework such as Habanero is recommended because it:
Standardises the software development architecture allowing any software developer in the team to easily maintain software
Has built in best practices so that juniors and intermediates can easily develop high quality applications
Enforces consistency in development, functionality and the look and feel of user interfaces.
What does Habanero do?
Allows a developer with a year of .Net experience to easily produce enterprise application software in C Sharp or VB.Net, that is scalable and robust. It allows a developer to focus his/her time and effort on understanding and implementing business rules since all the routine tasks that are required to create and maintain a custom developed application are taken care of by Habanero:
It persists data to and from the database using object relational mapping.
It has a highly optimised Object Relational Mapping (ORM) layer that handles all interactions of your domain model objects with the data store of your choice.
You will notice that you never have to think about SQL, or files, or any other persistence strategy. All of this is done for you. The Habanero SQL engine handles everything, from querying your database to inserting, updating and deleting your data records. Due to the intelligence built into the Habanero object model, you are able to query across relationships without having to think about SQL Joins and you can do efficient updates of the data in a table for only the fields that have been modified.
Uses standard persistent strategies but allows the developer to create a custom strategy that plugs seamlessly into Habanero.
Generates standard user interfaces that are used for data maintenance at run time so that data is easily edited and displayed.
Unique Habanero features
Supports agile development : A tool called FireStarter is included with Habanero to provide a visual interface for the creation of your domain model objects and rules as well as your application code. Using FireStarter, a developer is able to iteratively generate all of the domain model code (as well as supporting Test Fixtures) for his application, allowing them to focus on the application logic and flow instead.
Habanero is a very stable framework with many solutions successfully deployed all over the world.
The framework has been developed with a Test Driven Development approach ensuring that the code base is of a very high quality. The framework is currently covered by more than 7500 unit and acceptance tests and the core domain layer library has test coverage of almost 90%.
Persistence to most mainstream relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, FireBird, MS Access, PostgreSQL, and SQLite), as well as files (XML, binary, etc.)
Has a highly efficient in-memory datastore that allows developers to easily test their applications using test driven design methodologies.
Has a highly efficient in-memory datastore that allows developers to easily test their applications using test driven design methodologies. It is meta data driven and is not a code generator thereby ensuring that your code is not bloated with unmaintainable code. For more info, please visit the Habanero labs portal.
Why you should use Habanero instead of risking the development of a new framework
Can you really justify the expenditure of building a framework when there is a free framework that is freely available for downloads? Do you really believe that a new framework developed by an internal team (that receives very limited technical quality assurance and deployment feedback) is equivalent to a framework that has been developed and tested over seven years by a team of senior software developers? In this day of high IT staff turnover and decreasing skill sets, are you prepared to run the risk of key software developers leaving mid way through the development of a framework?
How the Habanero team can assist you
Assisting your software development team with training, custom development, customising of Habanero and paid support for developers.
Team Training – Practical training workshops are held to impart knowledge and skills on domain modeling,
– Practical training workshops are held to impart knowledge and skills on domain modeling, Test Driven Development and using Habanero Customising of Habanero – If you require built in support for a third party component or a scenario that is not currently supported, the Habanero Team will develop the customisation that is required. There are various licensing options that are available to ensure that components do not have been opensource.
and using – If you require built in support for a third party component or a scenario that is not currently supported, the Habanero Team will develop the customisation that is required. There are various licensing options that are available to ensure that components do not have been opensource. Custom Development – Chillisoft will work, closely with your software development team to ease the learning curve and or work load.
– Chillisoft will work, closely with your software development team to ease the learning curve and or work load. Paid Support – This scenario is often requested where a dedicated number of support hours are pre-purchased by a customer. The support hours are used to assist the customer's team with resolving software development issues, provided that Habanero is being used as the framework.
Download Habanero
Habanero can be downloaded via: habanero.sourceforge.net
Nearly three months after their summertime wedding, Jessica and Casey O'Donnell aren't quite sure if they're actually married. In the Peterborough couple's own words, the newlyweds are “sort of” spouses.
“Un-frickin-believable,” said Casey, 33, when discussing the events that led to their marital limbo. “To be honest, it feels surreal, like — did this actually happen? What the hell?” What happened is this: In the rush to organize an outdoor wedding in August, they took to Kijiji to hire an officiator named George T. Casselman to oversee their ceremony and legally confirm their nuptials.
Article Continued Below
That resulted in what Casey calls a “trainwreck” at the altar. As portrayed in a video of the ceremony, Casselman stumbled over his words and seemed to utter incoherent sentences. He briefly misplaced the wedding rings, then dropped them to the grass at his feet. At one point he lost his place in his notes, prompting Jessica to mutter, “Couldn't you just make it up?” That was hard enough, Jessica recalled. But then, on Monday, the couple says they received a call from Service Ontario telling them Casselman was not authorized to marry people in the province. The O'Donnells say they now have to go to family court and apply for an “order of validity” to finally make their marriage official, an ordeal Casey expects to cost “about $500.” They have since put out a call of their own on Kijiji, warning others who may have been married by Casselman that their wedding might not be entirely official. “It was all pretty horrible, and I had kind of swept it under the rug,” said Jessica, 27. “This is just reopening the wound.” The Star tried repeatedly to contact Casselman, who didn't return voice mails or text messages on Friday or Saturday.
Jessica and Casey O'Donnell's summer wedding was officiated by George Casselman, centre. The couple says Service Ontario contacted them to say Casselman, who they feel bungled their ceremony, is not authorized to perform marriages in the province. ( Darren Marsiske / Thoughtful Impressions Photography ) Jessica and Casey O'Donnell are living in marriage limbo after they say they heard from Service Ontario that their wedding officiator George Casselman, second from left, was not authorized to perform weddings in the province. The couple says Casselman severly bungled their 2014 summer wedding. ( Darren Marsiske / Thoughtful Impressions Photography )
The situation isn't unprecedented in the province. Last year, the Ministry of Government Services revealed that more than 830 weddings between 1990 and March 2013 had been officiated by people not authorized to oversee marriages. Cynthia Vukets, spokesperson for Service Ontario, declined to speak specifically about the Casselman-O'Donnell case, citing privacy rules.
Article Continued Below
She did say that the agency routinely checks its records and reaches out to couples when they find evidence of an unauthorized marriage officiator. These couples are still considered legally married, Vukets said, but they must apply to the courts to “determine that the marriage is valid” before the province can recognize the union. In cases where the officiator believed they had marriage authorization, Service Ontario tells them how to get registered through a “recognized” religious institution, Vukets said. It is a crime in Ontario, however, to knowingly “solemnize” a marriage without the authority to do so. In August, a Dorchester, Ont., woman plead guilty to six counts of knowingly marrying people without authorization and was sentenced to 12 months probation, the Woodstock Sentinel-Review reported.
The couple says they were contacted by Service Ontario and told George T. Casselman, right, was not authorized to marry people in the province. ( Darren Marsiske/Thoughtful Impressions Photography )
For privacy reasons, Vukets declined to discuss whether Casselman knew he wasn't authorized to marry people. But she added there are websites in Ontario that aren't recognized by Service Ontario that claim to “ordain” marriage officiators in the province. In a text message to Casey late Friday — which he forwarded to the Star — Casselman says he was certified by the “United National Church of Canada,” which has a website that will “ordain” people to perform marriages for $139.99. The organization is not authorized to certify marriage officiants in Ontario, Vukets said. The United National Church was unavailable for comment Saturday. A man named George Thomas Casselman also registered a “ceremonial officiant” business in July called “Enduring Moments.” The listed address on the business document is a low-income apartment building in Peterborough. After dating for a decade, Casey and Jessica got engaged in February. Two months later they took to the Internet to hire an officiator. They found Casselman's post “The Wedding Officiant,” in which he says he is a “family man” available to oversee weddings and funerals to help create “your perfect ceremony.” “We went to his place to meet him,” said Jessica. “He seemed like a pretty reasonable guy, down to earth . . . a little eccentric.” The couple says they decided to book him and handed over a $75 deposit on a total fee of $250. Everything seemed fine, said Casey, until they contacted him about a ceremony rehearsal. According to Jessica, Casselman “insisted that wasn't necessary, that we're a young couple and we don't need to spend the extra money” hiring him for a dry run. Jessica said Casselman assured them it would be fine, so they had the rehearsal without him. In retrospect, that was the first “red flag,” Casey said.
Jessica and Casey O'Donnell are living in marriage limbo, saying George T. Casselman, centre, bungled their summer wedding. ( Darren Marsiske/Thoughtful Impressions Photography )
Then came their wedding day, with the ceremony Jessica calls “mortifying.” Casselman, who arrived at the wedding with a woman Casey described as “scantily-clad” in “six-inch heels,” is seen in the YouTube video reading from a book, flanked by the couple at an altar in their friend's backyard. After bungling the delivery of his notes and drawing sporadic laughter from the crowd Casselman concludes: “Ladies and gentlemen, I give you great honour and great joy and privilege to announce to you, Mr. and Mrs. Jessica O'Donnell.” Casey is then seen shrugging his shoulders. “I'm taking her name,” he says. “He just dropped the ball completely,” Casey told the Star. “It seemed like (it took) an eternity.” After the wedding, Casey and Jessica said they repeatedly tried to contact Casselman. They said he responded three days later with a text message, which Casey sent to the Star. Casselman explained he now realizes he should have done a rehearsal. He also refers to “my heart diabetes,” saying he had a “mild heart attack” after the ceremony, and that he is “truly sorry about that day.” The couple refused to pay Casselman his entire fee after the ceremony, and Casey said they demanded their $75 deposit back, but didn't receive the cash. “It's a little easier pill for me to swallow,” said Casey. “For Jess, she's dreamed about (her wedding) her whole life, and for him to make a mockery of it . . . I'm still kind of in shock about it.”
WITH his slick navy suit, silver watch and non-stop smoking, Yu Feng is an unlikely ambassador for Chinese family values. The office from which he operates, in Chongqing in western China, looks more like a sitting room, with grey sofas, cream curtains and large windows looking out on the city's skyscrapers. Women visit him here and plead for help. They want him to persuade their husbands to dump their mistresses.
Mr Yu worked in family law and then marriage counselling before starting his business in 2007. He charges scorned wives 100,000-500,000 yuan ($15,000-75,000); cases usually take 7-8 months. He befriends both the two-timing husband and the mistress, encouraging them to find fault with each other, and gradually reveals that he has messed up his own life by being unfaithful. Most clients are in their 30s and early 40s. “This is the want, buy, get generation,” he says; sex is a part of China's new materialism. But changing sexual mores and a rocketing divorce rate have prompted soul-searching about the decline of family ties. Mr Yu claims a 90% success rate.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The ernai, literally meaning “second wife”, is increasingly common. So many rich men indulge that Chinese media sometimes blame extramarital relationships for helping to inflate property prices: some city apartment complexes are notorious for housing clusters of mistresses, paid for by their lovers, who often provide a living allowance too.
It is not just businessmen who keep mistresses: President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign has revealed that many government officials do too. According to news reports Zhou Yongkang, the most senior person toppled by the current anti-graft crusade, had multiple paramours; former railways minister Liu Zhijun is rumoured to have kept 18.
China has a long history of adultery. In imperial times wealthy men kept multiple concubines as well as a wife; prostitution was mostly tolerated, both by the state and by wives (who had little choice). Married women, in contrast, were expected to be chaste. After 1950 concubines were outlawed and infidelity deemed a bourgeois vice. Even in the 1980s few people had sex with anyone other than their spouse or spouse-to-be.
Over the past 30 years, however, sexual mores have loosened and more young Chinese are having sex with more partners and at a younger age. Some clearly continue to wander after marriage. Some 20% of married men and women are unfaithful, according to a survey of 80,000 people in 2015 by researchers at Peking University.
In many respects growing infidelity is a predictable consequence of economic development. People are increasingly willing to put their own desires above familial obligations or reputation. Improved education and living standards mean they have more financial freedom to do so. Most Chinese couples previously had few chances to meet members of the opposite sex in social situations after marriage, but migration means that many couples live apart. Even if they live together, the pool of temptation has grown larger and easier to dip into, thanks partly to social media.
Businesses like Mr Yu's indicate that not all spouses see affairs as an unpardonable offence. But surveys also suggest that infidelity is the “number one marriage killer”. Last year 3.8m couples split, more than double the number a decade earlier. China's annual divorce rate is 2.8 per 1,000 people (also double that a decade ago). That is not quite as high as America's 3.2, but higher than in most of Europe. That may be partly because Chinese people are more likely to get hitched in the first place: the law strongly discourages people from having children outside marriage. Even so, Chinese families are fraying fast.
It's not easy to erase the smile from Ramon Foster's face. He's always easygoing, outgoing, the kind who could brighten a funeral without being the least bit obnoxious.
The man's a riot, too.
On Saturday afternoon when his beloved Tennessee Volunteers were benefiting from five Western Kentucky turnovers in a horrific six-play span, Foster mercilessly took to Twitter to taunt: “Treat them as such!”
Well, Ramon wasn't treating anyone to his humor Wednesday at the Steelers' first practice since the season-opening stinker against the Titans, and that just might have painted the most painfully powerful picture of how he and his offensive linemates performed.
In case you forgot …
“Put it this way,” Foster was saying before taking the field. “We've got to be 10 times better than that.”
Yeah, at least: Ben Roethlisberger was sacked five times, he was hurried nine other times, the running backs were buried for 28 yards on 14 carries, and I won't even mention David DeCastro missing a cut block so badly that he cut short Maurkice Pouncey's season.
Nothing demonstrates weakness in a football team like a lousy line, so nothing could have been more embarrassing.
How embarrassing?
Here's what Jurrell Casey, the Titans' big defensive tackle who twice dropped Roethlisberger, told the Tennessean afterward: “You could see it in Ben's eyes: He wanted to get back to that locker room pretty quick.”
That embarrassing.
This needs to change in a raging hurry, in time for kickoff Monday night in Cincinnati. But that might be too much to ask. The Bengals' front seven is among the NFL's finest, in large part because of all-universe tackle Geno Atkins. They'll also contend with an all-guns-blazing James Harrison bringing whatever he's got left for whatever reason he might concoct to feel contempt for his old employer.
So what to do?
Best place to start, naturally, is with an honest assessment of what went wrong against Tennessee:
• The center had never played center.
That was Kelvin Beachum, of course. He's the default starter for Cincinnati, per Mike Tomlin, but Fernando Velasco told me Wednesday he thinks he “should be ready.” Velasco started 13 games last season for the Titans in a similar scheme, and he actually graded higher than Pouncey in Pro Football Focus' 2012 ratings.
• Blame the backs.
According to a film study done by the Trib's Mark Kaboly, 31⁄2 of the five sacks were the fault of running backs, not the line. LaRod Stephens-Howling gave up two, Isaac Redman another, and Felix Jones and right tackle Marcus Gilbert were equally guilty on another. Left tackle Mike Adams gave up the fifth.
If Tomlin stops being so stubborn about dogging Jonathan Dwyer for not being in shape last spring, he'll get an instant upgrade in running back blocking: Dwyer was rated fourth-best in the NFL in that category last season by Pro Football Focus.
• All these faceless tight ends can't block.
Not at all. Heath Miller is so much more valuable than his reception count.
• It's not the zone.
Some in the fan base are complaining about the outside zone-blocking scheme installed by new line coach Jack Bicknell Jr. And that might well be justified at some point. But in this game, the zone scheme was run only once.
Small wonder Foster laughed a bit when asked if the Steelers might ditch it: “No chance. We've got a lot of work into this.”
• Zero adjustment.
The Titans didn't get all gimmicky, but they did blitz. And for whatever reason, the Steelers didn't make a clear counter.
“There was a flaw, and they exploited it,” Foster said. “Other teams will keep trying it, too, unless we get it fixed. And we will. Look, the good part is that everything that went wrong was something we can control. It isn't right to say we got plain ol' whupped.”
• They got plain ol' whupped.
Sorry, Ramon. It wasn't you or DeCastro on the interior, but Adams and Gilbert were terrible. They were tossed around like Beanie Babies.
That's got to change — more than anything — if the Steelers are going to have any semblance of an edge at the edges.
Maybe it's a simple matter of having the tackles, both of second-round pedigree, get more confident. Or the whole line, for that matter.
“We haven't lost confidence. We just had a bad game. One. Bad. Game,” Foster said. “We have to own that. It's out there for the world to see. But we're not down. I think we're going to be fine.”
If not, then, by all means, treat them as such.
Poultry processing makes use of a number of processing plants and equipment. The poultry dressing plants vary in their limits and types depending on the particular class of domesticated animals to be processed in them. The larger sized broiler processing plants process chickens and other related animals at a high rate of 10000 on an hourly basis, which goes to nearly 1 million or more on a weekly basis. In comparison to the larger ones, the smaller plants make use of some limited devices and equipment which are sufficient for processing a smaller amount of birds. Chicken slaughtering is just a part of the many steps that are involved in the poultry slaughtering process. Here are some of the units involved in the slaughtering chicken process.
Conveyorized Poultry Dressing /Slaughter Plant
The slaughter plants are the units in which the animals are slaughtered and prepared for the first steps in the meat manufacturing process. The plant is also referred to as the chicken slaughtering machine. They are found all over the world with the largest one being located in North Carolina.
Live Bird Handling
The efficiency of the poultry processing is determined by the live bird handling system. All the processes that take place in the broiler house are all regarded as the part of the live bird handling processes and mechanisms. Killing and de-feathering of the chickens, turkeys, and all other animals is also done in the plants by making use of poultry pluckers and scalders. It is followed by the cut-up, deboning and slicing processes in which the meat is cut down into several parts according to the requirements of the consumers and the markets.
Evisceration, Chilling, Grading and Distribution
The next step in the poultry slaughtering is evisceration which involves the removal of some of the vital organs from the animal's body. These parts are then conserved through the process of chilling which is also important for long term storage of the meat. In addition, the processes of meat grading ensure that the quality of output is maintained and that the consumers always get the best quality. The distribution follows on after all the initial processes have been done.
Meat Harvesting
The process of meat harvesting involves the transportation of the meat from the place of origin to the abattoir which is followed by stunning and the slaughtering phases. The process of chilling, packaging of the meat and all the related products is one of the last steps of the manufacturing processes. The processes of stunning is intended to knock out the animal unconscious before killing the animal. In almost all of the countries, these processes are manufactured and analyzed by the health inspectors from time to time in order to maintain the quality of the meat that reaches the market. Furthermore, they also monitor the equipment which is used in the manufacturing process in order to ensure that all of the devices and processes are in close compliance with the set hygiene standards.
Marinating and Tumbling
Both of these processes are involved in seasoning the meat for the days that are going to follow. The prime reason for marinating and tumbling the meat is to give a more desirable taste to the meat and for the removal of any undesirable odor coming from the meat. A number of injections systems are used to inject marinade into the meat, especially into all the stronger parts. Then it is followed by the tumbling phases which are designed to remove any remaining salts and soluble proteins which gather at the surface of the meat. Tumbler massagers and devices are used for carrying out the job by creating some mechanical agitation over the meat.
Cooling and Freezing
Cooling and freezing are done by making use of some standard temperature and materials like liquid nitrogen with the purpose of conserving the meat. These processes are essential for keeping the meat flawless and ever tasty.
End of Line Packaging
The end of line processing and packaging system is directed towards the completion of the packing process and to give a final presentation to the packed meat. The meat is weighed before and after the packaging process due to a number of reasons relating to profits and sales.
Internal Logistics
The internal logistics serve as an essential component of the entire supply chain. It is one of the core components of all the profitable enterprises. The mechanism also ensures that all the steps and processes are performed in an integrated manner with a strong coordination between the manufacturer and the retail outlets.
Use of Meat Processing Software
The meat processing and distribution software have been designed for facilitating the poultry processing plants and manufacturers to keep track of the products and for a number of other sales and safety measures. By making use of these systems, the companies are better able to manage all their inventories.
Top 5 poultry processing plants suppliers
1) Ali Baba poultry processing plants
contact supplier
2) Marel poultry processing plants
contact supplier
3)Dhopeshwar & Sons poultry processing plant
contact supplier
4) Weiku poultry processing plant
contact supplier
5) Indiamart poultry processing plant
contact supplier
Backscatter vans, crowd dispersal microwaves, lasers that make you vomit—welcome to the future of law enforcement, and all the icky questions the technology raises.
Last month, the local press in New York confirmed what civil rights advocates had been saying for years: the NYPD has been driving around in unmarked vans chock full of X-ray equipment and scanning for... something.
It was a major story, mostly because not much is known about “Z Backscatter” vans other than that they cost somewhere between $729,000 and $825,000. Yet, there's no way to know for sure what they're capable of because the NYPD refuses to talk about them, even though the ACLU won a lawsuit that required the department to reveal records about the vans (including their potential health impacts on people who might be exposed to X-rays without knowing it). “The devices we have, the vehicles if you will, are all used lawfully and if the ACLU and others don't think that's the case, we'll see them in court—where they'll lose!” Commissioner Bill Bratton told the New York Post.
The X-ray vans bring up all kinds of concerns about privacy, health, and general ickiness—no one wants to walk around New York wondering whether some bored cop in a van is checking out your skivvies—but by today's police tech standards, the vans are actually relatively low-tech and benign. Departments large and small are using a host of new gadgets—from laser light weapons that can induce vomiting to surveillance systems that can predict crimes before they happen.
And what's scariest of all is the majority of these technologies are being funneled down from the U.S. Military, down into neighborhoods that are most definitely not war zones. “After 15 years of war, there's a demand for all these companies to find new markets for all these technologies,” said Joel Pruce a professor of human rights at the University of Dayton who studies police technology. “So it trickles down from the military to police.” The revelations about the backscatter vans were just one more sign that the future of policing is here, and it's terrifying.
Here's a glimpse of what's out there.
Group 1: Crowd Control
There's a video from the U.S. Military that shows soldiers acting like mock protesters in a grassy field. Then, a vehicle with what looks like a satellite on top shows up, and the protesters scatter. If it weren't for the narrator on the video, you wouldn't be able to tell why: they're being microwaved.
The pain ray cannon (“Active Denial System” in police-talk) is essentially a microwave for humans. It uses microwave beams to stimulate a body's water and fat molecules and heat up people until they run away. The system isn't currently in use, but it's being tested and could theoretically wind up at local police departments soon.
But there are already some weapons in use that make the old-fashioned forms of breaking up protests—batons and tasers and the like—seem like antiquities. There's the sound cannon, a favorite of the NYPD. The tool, technically called a Long Range Acoustic Device (probably because that sounds less destructive than a sound canon) transmits a super-loud high-pitched scream that can, “shape the behavior of potential threats.” The sound is so loud it's literally too painful to be around. It can also cause hearing loss. The sound cannon is used in many departments, from New York to Toronto to Ferguson, Missouri.
The other increasingly popular crowd control device: the “dazzler” laser gun, which looks like it was designed by Sigourney Weaver's Alien prop stylist. Cops can hold the weapon and shoot out rays of laser light to disorient people who might be approaching them, restricted areas, or causing any sort of ruckus. “You can't look directly at it or you become extremely disoriented,” said Lindsey J. Bertomen, a retired police officer, criminal justice professor and weapons reviewer for PoliceOne. “If the timing is done correctly you lose balance and fall off your feet. Even the person using it has to be careful and not look directly at it either.”
If you want to prevent eye damage, you can't look directly at it either—a soldier in Iraq once accidently flashed the dazzler in his rearview mirror, and damaged the retina of a soldier sitting behind him.
Group 2: Surveillance
The real boom market these days is in surveillance technology. It's impossible to know just how much is being used by police departments, and at what cost—there's no central clearinghouse for information about local police departments—but it's likely if you're walking outside in a city these days, you're being recorded. The market for video surveillance alone grew from $11.5 billion in 2008 to $37.5 billion in 2015. One estimate says there are 30 million surveillance cameras across the country, and those are being used in new and invasive ways.
Facial recognition software (another wartime import) is being used in dozens of police departments. In 2014, the Boston Police Department was caught testing out new facial recognition software made by IBM on an unsuspecting crowd of music festival attendees. According to the ACLU, departments are also experimenting with ways to gain access to and link together networks of private security cameras so they can expand their surveillance without installing new hardware. And body cameras, which police reform advocates thought might be a great way to hold cops accountable after a spate of killings of unarmed black men and women this year, could instead be used as surveillance devices.
But thousands of surveillance cameras monitoring street corners is a pretty inefficient way to monitor an entire city or county, so now police are figuring out ways to monitor large groups of people from the sky. In several cities departments have deployed planes with high-resolution cameras that, paired with software, can tag and trace people as they move over many miles.
“What if at some point they decide not to follow a burglary, but to follow activists back to their house?” Pruce said. “There are often no checks and balances.”
Group 3: The Crystal Ball
If you were worried you'd make it through this article without a reference to The Minority Report, too bad, here it comes: Predictive policing is all the rage these days. Cops are using software programs that use algorithms to analyze surveillance, GPS coordinates, and crime data to pinpoint specific areas where, and specific people who, might at some point commit a crime.
Here's how it works: computers compile a bunch of information—historical crime data, known associations between people who've committed crimes in the past (and even their associations social media networks) and the location info about where crimes have been committed—analyze that data using, and spit out a list of names of people who might be at risk of committing a crime. Say you've dealt drugs at one point in your life, you live in a high-crime area, and you tweeted something about smoking weed recently—a piece of predictive policing software might tell cops to pay a visit to your house. It's basically Minority Report minus those women in the pool.
"It'd be nice if law enforcement worked hand in hand with civil rights groups to figure this stuff out. But that doesn't seem likely to happen."
The Chicago PD now has a program where police do preventative visits to dozens of young men whom the department's algorithm has determined are at risk of committing a crime. In one survey, 70 percent of police departments said they were using some kind of predictive policing. “Policing in the future is going to be about managing information on a large scale” said Elizabeth Joh, a law professor at UC Davis who studies police technology. “They want to be like Amazon or Google and collect as much data as possible.”
The problem from a civil rights perspective is that data isn't neutral—many crimes never go recorded, and the ones that are recorded are often a product of controversial, potentially racist policing, like stop-and-frisks in black neighborhoods. The algorithms have the potential to intensify the biases that already exist in police departments.
All told, these new technologies are only as good as the people using them (i.e. cops), and if the last year in policing was any indicator, law enforcement aren't great at moderating their use of any tool they get their hands on, which is a frightening thought, considering those tools include tanks. These new devices require tons of radical (and expensive) training and new policy, something local municipalities are hesitant to create under the watchful eye of the public. Police departments, however, say that they're implementing these technologies in ways that don't violate the civil rights of Americans. “It's actually pretty tedious to introduce new technology,” Bertomen said. “It's a liability-prone environment, so training takes a long time.”
Author: Alka Chadha, IIM Tiruchirappalli
Excess capacity is a challenge facing all steel-producing countries of the world. The spot price of iron ore dropped from US$130 per dry metric tonne at the beginning of 2014 to US$60 per dry metric tonne by September 2016. Overinvestment in steel coupled with a lack of effective demand led to this situation. Being the world's largest producer of steel, China cannot shy away from responsibility for the global steel market.
A decade ago, China laid down its blueprint for economic structural adjustment in the 2005 Report of the National Development and Reform Commission, placing special emphasis on the steel industry. The plan clearly aimed to ‘develop the iron and steel industry into an industry with international competitive capacity that may basically satisfy the demand of the national economy and social development in terms of quantity, quality and varieties'. Article 1 of the Report went on to add, ‘The comprehensive competitive capacity of iron and steel industry may reach to the international advanced level so that China may become a large country in iron and steel production and a great power country in world-wide competitiveness'.
The plan was in keeping with the government's vision to modernise the country's infrastructure, construction and manufacturing industries. By 2006, China had become the world's largest steel exporter by volume, up from the fifth largest in 2005. Accordingly, global steel production over the past decade has doubled from around 800 million tonnes to around 1.6 billion tonnes a year, mainly due to China, who accounts for nearly half the world's total production.
At present, China is able to sell steel at a price lower than any other producer in the market. A unique feature of the Chinese steel market is that it is dominated by state-owned enterprises. These Chinese factories continue to maintain high levels of steel production rather than shut down, even when making losses. Like most government-backed enterprises with deep pockets, the objective of these firms is to maximise revenues rather than profit: the higher the revenues from steel mills, the higher the tax collections for the local government. Although data is not available easily, analysts have argued that government subsidies for energy are responsible for China's steel overcapacity.
This excess capacity became a problem when the Chinese government decided to move away from investment-led growth. With the burst of the real estate bubble, domestic demand declined. This led to state-owned steel mills dumping their supply glut in foreign markets. As a result, global prices also started falling. Many countries initiated measures to protect their domestic steel industry by imposing anti-dumping or countervailing duties. These included the United States, the European Union, India and Brazil.
The recipe for disaster was complete when, along with the change in economic model, Chinese bank credit was restricted. Traders of steel had no option but to sell their stockpiles in the depressed market because banks disallowed any loan extensions. China's banking regulatory authority alleged that steel traders had taken huge loans as illicit borrowing to invest in real estate or the stock market. These had left the banks with bad loans since the traders had used steel as collateral to borrow the money.
In April 2016, a symposium on steel was organised by the OECD where the Chinese delegation claimed that weak demand since the 2008–09 financial crisis was the ‘fundamental cause' of the excess capacity in steel, and that such imbalances needed to be tackled with global cooperation. China did shut down a few factories and a global glut was averted. It also promised that in the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan period from 2016 to 2020, China would cut crude steel capacity by 100 million to 150 million tonnes, which would necessitate finding alternative employment for 500,000 people.
For countries such as India, the global steel scenario has reduced investments in steel, hampering the country's infrastructural development. Only recently, the country's five-year ban on mining was lifted by a Supreme Court ruling in the states of Karnataka, Goa and Odisha. The timing was ironic since it coincided with plummeting global prices. Imports had reached a record 15 million tonnes in 2014–15 from a low of 3.2 million tonnes in 2013–14. Indian steel companies found it increasingly difficult to stay competitive. Tata Steel announced its plans for liquidation in Britain and reported a net loss of US$447 million in the first quarter ending June 2016.
Global uncertainties such as the upcoming US elections, European debt, and tight financing conditions continue to plague the steel industry. But the silver lining is that the Chinese economy is still growing, even though it may not be doing so in double digits. Infrastructure development is still taking place as urbanisation plays an important part in any growth story. Whether it is One Belt, One Road initiatives or railways, all projects will require steel.
Alka Chadha is a Visiting Assistant Professor at the Indian Institute of Management Tiruchirappalli.
HTDA Live: 2013
April 17, 2013, Monterey, CA, The Golden State Theatre
Setlist
The Wake-Up
Keep it Together
Parasite
And the Sky Began to Scream
Ice Age
Believers
How Long
Welcome Oblivion
BBB
The Space in Between (SONOIO Remix)
Fur-Lined
The Loop Closes
A Drowning
On the Wing
Strings and Attractors
We Fade Away
Known Recordings
Source 1: Audio - AUD (Schoeps MK4 + CMR 2M + Naiant tinybox + Edirol R-09HR)
Taper: Me, I'm Not
Time: 82 minutes
Rating: 5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Strings and Attractors, 2 Minutes
Download the Full Show: .Zip File FLAC, 1.61 GB - 24 Bit/96 kHZ
Added to Archive: June 02nd, 2013
Comments:
Me I'm Not recorded the full west coast leg with some fantastic gear. Obviously the results are fantastic. Great tape and they recorded in the highest bit rate/sample rate size possible to archive this show at. So if you are looking to play this on a CD, you must convert the FLAC files to 16-bit/44.1 kHZ. Amazing tape.
Source 2: Audio - AUD (AT-831s + SP-SB1-SL + Tascam DR-05)
Taper: NotoriousTIMP
Time: 82 minutes
Rating: 3.5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Believers, 2 Minutes
Download the Full Show: .Zip File FLAC - 16-bit/96kHZ, 524.4 MB
Added to Archive: April 21st, 2013
Comments:
Taper comments: "My seats pretty much sucked as far as taping goes. I was in the Mezz section on Rob's side, 2nd row. About halfway through the show you can hear some girls talking throughout every song which annoyed me to no end (They had moved down from their original seats that were 5 rows behind me.) The audio is muddy at times and Mariqueen's vocals drop out every once and a while. I blame the venue for having less than stellar acoustics which resulted in the lack of "range" with this recording. Overall, I would rate this about a C+ to *maybe* a B- ."
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai explains how the Wireless Emergency Alert system works.
Transcript
The Wireless Emergency Alerts system is an essential part of America's emergency preparedness. Since its launch in 2012, the WEA system been used more than 40,000 times to warn the public about dangerous weather, missing children, and other critical situations – all through alerts on compatible cell phones and other mobile devices.
WEA is a public safety system that allows customers who own certain wireless phones and other compatible mobile devices to receive geographically-targeted, text-like messages alerting them of imminent threats to safety in their area.
WEA enables government officials to target emergency alerts to specific geographic areas – lower Manhattan, for example.
WEA was established in 2008 pursuant to the Warning, Alert and Response Network (WARN) Act and became operational in 2012.
Wireless companies volunteer to participate in WEA, which is the result of a unique public/private partnership between the FCC, FEMA and the wireless industry to enhance public safety.
FAQs about WEA
Print out
Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA) Guide (pdf)
More information
Background on WEA Policy
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to condemn the Har Adar terror attack Tuesday morning that killed two security guards and one border police officer, and not to justify it.
Speaking before the weekly cabinet meeting, Netanyahu said that the attack is the result – among other things – of “systematic incitement by the Palestinian Authority and other elements.”
"The security forces will continue to take action against incitement and terrorism as they have been doing night and day and we, of course, will finish the investigation of the incident and will discuss together the next steps," Netanyahu said.Netanyahu said that the home of the terrorist, 37-year-old Nimer Jamal from Beit Surik, will be destroyed, and that the IDF has secured a closure around the village. Additionally, all work permits for the members of Jamal's extended family will be revoked.President Reuven Rivlin responded to the attack, saying the nation's hearts are with the families of the victims. "The brutal terror attack exposes once again the daily reality that Israeli security forces, who are on the front lines, have to deal with," said Rivlin. "We will continue to confront terror and put our hands on the attackers and their backers."Housing Minister Yoav Galant speaks at the scene of the Har Adar terror attack (Tovah Lazaroff)Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman (Yisrael Beytenu) condemned the attack and vowed to hunt down the terrorists and those who sent them out to kill Israelis. Liberman stressed that there is no difference between Palestinian fueled terror and fundamentalist Islamic terror in Europe. He added that before there could even be talk of negotiations, the world must demand the Palestinian Authority to cease its inciting ways."Mahmoud Abbas incites against Israel in the United Nations and a Palestinian terrorist kills three Israelis and wounds one," said Minister of Intelligence Israel Katz (Likud), who is a member of the security cabinet. "The fact that the terrorist exploited the entry of Palestinian workers into Israel in order to carry out an attack will have serious implications for the ability to employ Palestinians and ease their conditions of passage. The attack is also a message to special US envoy Jason Greenblatt , who is visiting Israel today: Israel's security was and yet remains the supreme consideration in the government's policy, and is above any other consideration of improving and easing the lives of the Palestinians."Internal Security Minister Gilad Erdan (Likud) said there were no prior indications about the assailant's deadly motivations. He placed responsibility for the attack at the feet of the Palestinian Authority, which, he said, encourages terror with its policy of handing out stipends to terrorists and their family members.Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely (Likud) called the attack "the Palestinians' welcome greeting to American envoy Jason Greenblatt." She said the Americans must focus all their attention on ending the "murderous Palestinian terror efforts" and that any negotiations with them are futile as long as they continue to incite to terror.Agriculture Minister Uri Ariel (Bayit Yehudi) said Israel should respond to the attack by building more in Judea and Samaria and advancing a diplomatic approach that involves encouraging Palestinians and Israeli Arabs to move to other countries.The fiercest response came from Likud MK Nava Boker, who said terrorist Nimer Mahmoud Ahmad Jamal was "Satan" and his body should be thrown into the sea.Zionist Union Chairman Avi Gabbay called on the government to act "with an iron fist" against terrorists whose sole purpose is to harm Jews."Har Adar is a community that for years exemplified coexistence between Jews and Arabs. This attack is a severe blow to the relations between the two communities," said Gabbay.Former prime minister Ehud Barak added that the government must respond with actions rather than words to stop further terror.Joint List MK Yousef Jabarin blamed the policies of the Israeli government for the attack."The far-right Israeli government is responsible for the bloody circle of violence and the conflict's enshrinement," he said. "There is no such thing as an enlightened occupation. There is no occupation without resistance."
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
After winning the WNBA MVP award, Sylvia Fowles joins SC6 to explain how this compares to all the other feats in her storied career. (2:21)
Sylvia Fowles, the dynamic center for the Minnesota Lynx, has been named the WNBA's 2017 MVP, the league announced Thursday.
It's the first career MVP award for Fowles, 31, who led the 27-7 Lynx to the league's best record and No. 1 seed in the playoffs. Fowles received 35 of 40 first-place votes and 385 points from a national panel of writers and broadcasters, well ahead of New York Liberty forward Tina Charles (3, 199) and Los Angeles Sparks forward Candace Parker (2, 132). Players received 10 points for each first-place vote, seven for second, five for third, three for fourth and one for fifth.
Editor's Picks WNBA BPI: Lynx have slight edge over Sparks Will the WNBA Finals go the distance for the third consecutive season? ESPN's WNBA Basketball Power Index predicts that a potent Lynx offense is the slight favorite to win the title over the balanced Sparks.
"It's a proud moment," a teary Fowles said at a news conference about two hours before the Lynx faced the Washington Mystics in Game 2 of the WNBA semifinals. "I thought about it, but it wasn't at the top of my list."
A four-time All-Star and the 2015 Finals MVP, the 6-foot-6 Fowles compiled one of the most dominant seasons by a low-post player in WNBA history. She finished among the top five in scoring (18.9 points per game, fifth), rebounding (10.4, second) and blocked shots (1.97, tied for second).
Fowles also led the league in field goal percentage for the fifth time with a career-high mark of 65.5 percent. No other player in league history has topped that category more than twice. And Fowles tied Connecticut's Jonquel Jones for the league lead in double-doubles with 20.
Though Fowles broke her nose in late May -- San Antonio rookie Nia Coffey whacked her accidentally after Fowles blocked her shot -- she never missed a game. In 34 starts, Fowles scored at least 20 points 17 times. Facing double- and triple-teams most nights, Fowles scored in double figures in all but three games.
Fowles credited Lynx coach Cheryl Reeve for pushing her to new heights. In their exit meeting last season, after the Los Angeles Sparks denied the Lynx back-to-back championships with a last-second victory in Game 5, Fowles said Reeve challenged her to be more dominant offensively.
"We talked about what we could have done, things we needed to do, how can I be more involved in the offense while continue to do what I do on defense," Fowles said. "That just was the moment where I was like, hey, this is what I've been waiting for, somebody to tell me what I need to do and how I need to step up. I took it to heart."
Sylvia Fowles, who received 35 of the 40 first-place votes from a national media panel, is the ninth individual to win the WNBA MVP award over the past nine seasons. Adam Pantozzi/NBAE via Getty Images
Reeve and assistant coach James Wade, who works daily with Fowles, attended the news conference. Fowles hugged them both, and WNBA president Lisa Borders, who presented Fowles the award. Fowles is the second Lynx player to win it. Maya Moore was first, in 2014.
"Ultimately, it came down to Syl allowing herself to be coached," Reeve said. "That means a coaching staff. That means letting herself go with her teammates as well. Syl is such a pleaser. It's not surprising to anyone that she would be so coachable.
"In order for this team to continue to be successful at a high level, we needed to turn our attention inside. It would take the pressure off our perimeter players who have carried us since 2011. Honestly, early in the season it exceeded my expectations as far as how fast she was able to apply it."
Minnesota defeated Washington 93-83 on Thursday in Game 2 behind Fowles' 25 points to take a 2-0 series lead.
It has been nearly 20 years since the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), the subcabinet agency that oversees the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) health care system, implemented a series of sweeping reforms that markedly improved quality, boosted access, and increased efficiency.1,2 Recent revelations about long wait times for veterans compounded by systematic cover-up by VHA administrators make it clear that reforms are again needed. Apparent manipulation and falsification of wait-time data at more than 40 facilities indicate a serious systemic problem.
To some observers, the VA's problems confirm that government cannot manage health care. To others, they tell a simple story of insufficient funding: the VA needs more money to care for the large number of veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and for aging Vietnam veterans. Unfortunately, neither narrative adequately captures the challenges facing this organization or provides guidance on how we might address them.
Inadequate numbers of primary care providers, aged facilities, overly complicated scheduling processes, and other difficult challenges have thwarted the VA's efforts to meet soaring demand for services. For years, it has been no secret that the VA's front lines of care delivery are understaffed for the needs. And though there can be no excuse for falsifying data, we believe that VA leadership created a toxic milieu when they imposed an unrealistic performance standard and placed high priority on meeting it in the face of these difficult challenges. They further compounded the situation by using a severely flawed wait-time–monitoring system and expressing a “no excuses” management attitude.
Without diminishing the seriousness of the problems of data manipulation and prolonged wait times, we would argue that these are symptoms of deeper pathology. Quite simply, the VA has lost sight of its primary mission of providing timely access to consistently high-quality care. Although it has garnered less attention than the wait-time problems, a disturbing pattern of increasingly uneven quality of care has also evolved in recent years. To be sure, the quality of health care provided by VA hospitals is, on average, similar to or better than that in the private sector.1-3 When VA hospitals are compared with top-tier integrated delivery systems, however, their quality advantage diminishes. Some VA hospitals excel, but others are struggling with the basics. The Phoenix VA Medical Center — ground zero of the wait-time scandal — has mortality rates for common conditions that are among the highest within the VA and higher than those in many private hospitals. Its rates of catheter-related bloodstream infections are nearly three times the national average.
After the VA gained a hard-won reputation for providing superior-quality care 15 years ago, how did cracks appear in its delivery of safe, effective, patient-centered care? We believe there are three main causes: an unfocused performance-measurement program, increasingly centralized control of care delivery and associated increased bureaucracy, and increasing organizational insularity.
The performance-measurement program — a management tool for improving quality and increasing accountability that was introduced in the reforms of the late 1990s — has become bloated and unfocused.4 Originally, approximately two dozen quality measures were used, all of which had substantial clinical credibility. Now there are hundreds of measures with varying degrees of clinical salience. The use of hundreds of measures for judging performance not only encourages gaming but also precludes focusing on, or even knowing, what's truly important.
In addition, the tenor of management has changed substantially over the past decade. During the reforms of the 1990s, decentralization of operational decision making was a core principle. Day-to-day responsibility for running the health care system was largely delegated to the local facility and regional-network managers within the context of clear performance goals, while central-office staff focused on setting strategic direction and holding the “field” accountable for improving performance. In recent years, there has been a shift to a more top-down style of management, whereby the central office has oversight of nearly every aspect of care delivery.4 Concomitantly, the VHA's central-office staff has grown markedly — from about 800 in the late 1990s to nearly 11,000 in 2012.
Finally, the VA health care system has become increasingly insular and inward-looking. It now has little engagement with private-sector health care, and too often it has declined to make its performance data public. For example, it contributes only a small proportion of its data to the national public reporting program for hospitals, Hospital Compare, and has declined to participate in other public performance reporting forums such as the Leapfrog Group's efforts to assess patient safety.
So how can the VA turn the ship around? We propose a few first steps.
First, after ensuring that all veterans on wait lists are screened and triaged for care, the VA should refocus its performance-management system on fewer measures that directly address what is most important to veteran patients and clinicians — especially outcome measures. The agency's recently developed Strategic Analytics for Improvement and Learning (SAIL) dashboard, which focuses on 28 meaningful metrics including access to care, mortality rates, infection rates, and patient satisfaction, is a good start that will improve with use and would help hold the VA accountable for results.
Second, conceptualizing access to care in terms of a “continuous healing relationship,”5 the agency should design a new access strategy that draws on modern information and advanced communications technologies to facilitate caregiver–patient connectivity and that uses personalized care plans to address patients' individual access needs and preferences. Facility-by-facility assessments should determine whether VA facilities are using technology to leverage the best possible “care delivery return on investment” and whether personnel are working at the top of their skills. Perhaps some of the resources supporting the central and network office bureaucracies could be redirected to bolster the number of caregivers.
Third, we believe the VA needs to engage more with private-sector health care organizations and the general public — participating fully in performance-reporting initiatives, expanding learning-and-improvement partnerships with outside entities (as it did in the late 1990s in spearheading national patient-safety improvement efforts1), and making performance data broadly available. Transparency may expose vulnerabilities, but it is easier to improve when weaknesses are publicly acknowledged.
VA health care is at a crossroads. We learned from the last round of reforms that the VA's problems can be fixed. The agency continues to employ an army of highly dedicated clinicians and administrators who are deeply committed to providing high-quality care to veterans. New leadership should help them succeed.
Now you will need antique paste or gel. Use any color you like, my favorite is saddle tan. You will also need a pair of gloves, some clean water in a cup, a piece of sheep wool or sponge and paper towel.
Pour some paint on the piece of wool and start rubbing it in the leather gently in circles. Start with carved area and make sure you did not miss any cuts, get under the petals and leaves, too. Add more paint on wool and carry on in circle movements to cover the entire piece of leather.
Without any delay take a piece of paper towel and wipe off excesses of the antique. If it is already dry wet the towel just slightly and wipe the dry paint off. Do not try to remove all antique from the cuts and grooves, only from the surface. If you are planning to dye the flesh side do it with diluted paint. I usually just dip the piece of wool I just used with excesses of paint on it into water and then smudge it on the flesh side.
Dye all parts of the bag in the same way and don't forget about the shoulder strap and the lace!
Leave it to dry a few hours or better overnight. Then take a piece of wool or linen and polish all parts really well removing all the excesses of paint.
I am going to use carnauba cream as finish. Carnauba cream usually takes off some dye no matter what so do not be alarmed when it happens. You can use just ordinary finish but basically ANY finish will take some dye off anyway.
I put some carnauba cream on sponge and rubbed it gently in circles into leather. It dries quite fast and then I polish leather with a piece of wool to give it nice shine (it does not give gloss though). Note that after carnauba dries out there is no more paint on the sponge. It does not come off any more.
Carnauba cream does not waterproof much and I want my bag to have such property, so I will treat it with waterproofing balm. You can buy one of these in the shoe shop or search Internet for it. There are lots and lots of such product around. I use sponge for application. When using balm try to use one without much wax in it otherwise wax will stick in the cuts in the carved areas. If such thing happens just let it dry and then use a new and clean toothbrush to brush the wax off (don't use your old toothbrush).
Let the balm absorb into leather and dry completely. Do not forget to treat all parts of the bag including the lace.
When it is dry – polish everything again. Notice the nice shine after polishing.
For several generations, political reform and rhetoric have been entirely one-directional: always more direct democracy, never less. The general belief holds that more public involvement will produce more representative and thus more effective and legitimate governance. But does increasing popular involvement in politics remedy the ills of our government culture; is it the chicken soup of political reforms?
In a new report, “More professionalism, less populism: How voting makes us stupid, and what to do about it,” Brookings Senior Fellows Jonathan Rauch and Benjamin Wittes argue that the best way forward is to rebalance the reform agenda away from direct participation and toward intermediation and institutions. As the authors write, “Neither theory nor practice supports the idea that more participation will produce better policy outcomes, or will improve the public's approbation of government, or is even attainable in an environment dominated by extreme partisans and narrow interest groups.”
Populism cannot solve our problems, Rauch and Wittes claim, because its core premises and reforms are self-defeating. Research has shown that voters are “irrationally biased and rationally ignorant,” and do not possess the specialized knowledge necessary to make complex policy judgments. Further, elections provide little by way of substantive guidance for policymakers and, even on its own terms, direct democracy is often unrepresentative. In the words of the authors, “By itself, building more direct input from the public into the functions of government is likely to lead to more fragmentation, more stalemate, more flawed policies—and, paradoxically, less effective representation.”
The authors are not advocating complacency about voter participation, much less for restricting or limiting voting: “We are arguing that participation is not enough, and that overinvesting in it neglects other, more promising paths.”
To truly repair American democracy, Rauch and Wittes endorse a resurgence of political institutions, such as political parties, and substantive professionals, such as career politicians and experts. Drawing on examples like the intelligence oversight community, the authors assert that these intermediaries actually make democracy more inclusive and more representative than direct participation can do by itself. “In complex policy spaces,” the authors write, “properly designed intermediary institutions can act more decisively and responsively on behalf of the public than an army of ‘the people' could do on its own behalf, [and are] less likely to be paralyzed by factional disputes and distorted by special-interest manipulation.”
Who, then, should be in charge: the voters, or the professionals? The answer, according to Rauch and Wittes, is both. “In a hybrid system, they are forced to consult each other, providing distinct but complimentary screens. … Participation is effective only when supplemented by intermediation, [including] the crucial work done by institutions and experts to organize, interpret, and buffer popular sentiment.” It is important to note that intermediation is not necessarily undemocratic or exclusive; the authors note that successful intermediaries “consult a wide range of constituencies and build broad coalitions in search of candidates and policies that can unite the party, win a general election, and sustain power in office.”
Although career politicians and expert intermediaries are often neglected and demonized today, Rauch and Wittes conclude their essay by urging readers to re-evaluate professionalism as a path toward more effective governance: “In asking the public and the reform community to reconsider the cult of participation and rediscover the value of intermediation, we seek only to recall what Madison and the Founders taught: Intermediation strengthens democracy, and sometimes democratization weakens it.”
Read the full paper here.
A brutal murder in Stephens County, Oklahoma has left sheriff's deputies searching for an illegal immigrant from Mexico suspected of being involved in the crime.
Balthazar Sanchez-Garcia, a 25-year-old illegal immigrant, is reportedly suspected of involvement with the murder of 20-year-old Oklahoma resident Linda Salazar, who was found dead with her throat slit in a shed.
Police said, according to Chickasha News, that Sanchez-Garcia weighs 165 pounds, is 5 foot 8 inches and is either traveling through Texas or Mexico in a white 2005 GMC Yukon with an Oklahoma “444AFH” license plate.
A nationwide alert has been sent out to law enforcement surrounding Sanchez-Garcia's whereabouts. Sheriff Wayne McKinney said Sanchez-Garcia and Salazar were not related, but did not elaborate further on their relationship.
Residents who have seen or have knowledge of Sanchez-Garcia and his vehicle are asked to contact the Stephens County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma immediately at 580-255-3131 or by dialing 911.
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
All-Star Sunday is only 16 days away. What is considered the precursor to the big game consists of the All-Star Legends and Celebrity softball game and the Futures game. While we still do not know which celebrities will be playing, we were treated to the 2013 futures game rosters.
Here is the full list, from CBS Sports.
As you can see, the rosters are a little different from last time. Now, there's no Jurickson Profar, Zack Wheeler, Dylan Bundy, basically, those who have reached the majors are all off the list. Still, there are some interesting names to look for.
Today, we look at part of the roster for Team USA.
Team USA's staff consists of plenty of high school arms. Among them are Phillies top prospect Jesse Biddle, Diamondbacks top prospect Archie Bradley, Giants top prospect Kyle Crick, Rays 2011 top draft pick Taylor Guerrieri, Mariners top prospect Taijuan Walker, and the most interesting USA pitcher, Noah Syndergaard, acquired by the Mets in the Dickey deal in the offseason. Syndergaard is interested in the fact that he blazed through Port St. Lucie en route to a well-deserved promotion to Double-A Binghamton. Syndergaard is turning heads, and may be considered the real top prospect in the Dickey deal, as Travis d'Arnaud has been sidelined with a broken foot since April. It is widely believed, and in some ways, hoped, that Syndergaard will start, although in all likelihood, Walker may get the ball, as he is the only pitcher in Triple-A.
In the catcher/infield department, the two big standouts are Padres backstop Austin Hedges and Addison Russell of the A's. Hedges, who needed a lot of money in order to break his college commitment, tore through the Midwest league, and is now playing for the High-A Lake Elsinore Storm, where he has done similar work in the California League. Addison Russell was the first pick in Billy Beane's Anti-moneyball philosophy era, and he's proven to be one wise choice. Having dazzled in his pro debut last season. Russell is now playing for the Stockton Ports, where he faces Hedges. Russell will not see any major league action for a while, but when he does come up, expect the label #1 prospect in baseball to come with him.
In the outfield, the two notable names to look out for are Twins prospect Byron Buxton and Reds prospect Billy Hamilton. Buxton was the number two pick in the 2012 draft and while he started out slowly, he's really turned himself around this season, and has already made it to the Fort Myers Miracle in the Florida State League. On the other hand, Hamilton is a name that has been on the radar for quite some time. Last year, Hamilton broke the minor league record for most stolen bases in a season, and although he has yet to be promoted, given the future of the Reds outfield, expect him to suit up in either August or September.
This year, Major League baseball has decided to add a little fun to the game, by having the people choose the final representative. a la the final vote in the MLB all-star game. There are five candidates to choose from.
Tyler Austin, outfielder, Yankees
All you need to know about Austin is that he's a converted catcher, and has been the most hyped Yankees prospect since Robinson Cano.
Nick Castellanos, outfield, Tigers.
Castellanos caught national attention when he was named MVP of last year's game. A return appearance would be welcome, although if Castellanos is promoted, he will no longer be eligible.
Garin Cecchini, Third baseman, Red Sox
Cecchini is probably the most hyped Red Sox prospect not named Xander Bogaerts. He is currently leading the minors in batting average, and may be the clear favorite for the final spot.
Courtney Hawkins, outfield, White Sox
Hawkins currently stands as the White Sox best prospect, and his athleticism and tools certainly have put him on the map. He has made a quick jump to the Carolina League, and would be a darkhorse for the final spot.
Brandon Nimmo, Outfield, Mets
Nimmo is the ultimate underdog here. Not only is he at the lowest level among the Final Vote prospects, but he was drafted out of Wyoming, a state that does not sponsor baseball. Nimmo is toolsy with speed, and he can hit. He can make the final roster based on hometown popularity, though.
To conclude this post, there is a poll, which will ask who you want for the final spot for Team USA.
(Update: Brandon Nimmo is currently leading in the real poll with 39% of the vote. Trailing him with 23% is Garin Cecchini, followed by Castellanos at 20% while Austin and Hawkins bring up the rear at 9%)
Up next: the World Team profile.
Advertisements
Scooby903
Offline
Activity: 896
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 896Merit: 500 LiteBar "Exchange Bribe Fund" - Let's get this thing on multiple exchanges! February 24, 2014, 02:52:42 AM #1
It takes money to make money and in this day and age, for a coin to be accepted onto an exchange, money/coin has to exchange hands. Without a premine, we are unable to put forth a lot of coin to accomplish this, and we have decided to appeal to the community in order to get the wheels turning. We would ask that you donate what you can to this address:
LamxUKffM2wrD8N62j2BLfNJRYKTSDf89U
All funds will be kept publicly and you can check the balance at any time here:
http://ltb.thedigitalmint.org/
These coins will not be converted to BTC, however they will be used directly in exchange for being listed. We are also open to BTC donations if you would like to donate that way.
We will let the community have a say in where these funds are used, but ultimately it is up to the developer and myself to determine the best course of action to take. We are open to suggestions should you have any!
I'll get it started with 5 LTB
http://pool.webcoin.us/ltb/statistics/blockchain/transaction/8ac1ef7461818d69a78053f0904a0ae7ed2850e99fbbab49ddd39f1002bd7f6a Let's be real people...It takes money to make money and in this day and age, for a coin to be accepted onto an exchange, money/coin has to exchange hands. Without a premine, we are unable to put forth a lot of coin to accomplish this, and we have decided to appeal to the community in order to get the wheels turning. We would ask that you donate what you can to this address:LamxUKffM2wrD8N62j2BLfNJRYKTSDf89UAll funds will be kept publicly and you can check the balance at any time here:These coins will not be converted to BTC, however they will be used directly in exchange for being listed. We are also open to BTC donations if you would like to donate that way.We will let the community have a say in where these funds are used, but ultimately it is up to the developer and myself to determine the best course of action to take. We are open to suggestions should you have any!
Music, like sports, sparks debate, creates discussion and can even lead to heated disagreements.
But both are unquestionably a huge part of American culture. So Athlon Sports has decided to combine two of our favorite things — rock and roll with college football.
What if our favorite football programs were rock and roll bands? Every Power 5 team will be represented, so if you don't see your favorite band or school here, keep your eyes peeled.
Power 5 Teams as Rock Bands: ACC | Big Ten | Big 12 | Pac-12 | SEC
Here are the 14 ACC schools and Notre Dame as rock bands:
Boston College: The National
Sort of like Georgia Tech, you know exactly what you are going to get. It will be slow and a little depressing but once it clicks you will appreciate it much more. They have a distinct identity that is consistently good without ever reaching greatness.
Clemson: Kings of Leon
Both have been downright unstoppable at times but consistently get in their own way. You think they are really good but you're never really sure. Both are led by outspoken and occasionally intense and controversial leaders.
Duke: Radiohead
Extremely well thought of by the media and the experts who are in the know. But are sort of just there, playing noise in the room while people are focused on other things. Complex and organized and very, very smart, but definitely no championships.
Florida State: Justin Bieber
No one has a more rabid and vocal following — especially on Twitter — than the Beebs and the Noles. The fans are crazy passionate and will do anything to support their guys. Both are astronomically successful but so easy to hate from the outside.
Related: 2015 Complete ACC Football Preview and Predictions
Georgia Tech: Pink Floyd
Slow, methodical and precise. The structures are complex, layered and intentionally hard to follow. Yet, somehow it's just beautiful to behold and consistently solid over a long period of time in a variety of locations.
Louisville: Red Hot Chili Peppers
Big and badass when each dominated its former genre (Big East) before transitioning into mainstream (ACC) slowly but eventually with success. Has shown major staying power and extraordinary talent with some volatile leadership and a love of black and red color scheme.
Miami: Guns n' Roses
Brash, loud, audacious and a little filthy. This group rocked the universe and dominated the scene when it was at the top of the mountain but its time may have come and gone. They are just biding their time for Slash to return.
NC State: Zac Brown Band
A Southern country rock group that is way more talented than you might think and the live performances are among the best atmospheres in their genre (the ACC). The staying power is clearly there despite some bad years. And when it hits, it's as popular and catchy as anything on the market.
North Carolina: The Doors
Consistently overrated and extremely self-destructive. Brilliantly talented folks who just can't get out of their own way. After watching the show, you wonder why they weren't better than they actually were.
Notre Dame: Elton John
They are sophisticated, classy and educated — and will tell you about it as much as possible. The presentation is glitzy and glamorous and mostly elite in the 70s and 80s — with a slight one-hit resurgence in the modern era.
Related: 2015 Preseason ACC All-Conference Teams
Pitt: Mumford & Sons
An adaptive former rock-a-billy group (Big East) trapped in alt-rock body (Big Ten) living in a mainstream pop world (ACC). No one is really sure what genre they belong in, but, like Tony Dorsett and Dan Marino, that first album way back in the day had some seriously awesome stuff on it.
Syracuse: Billy Joel
A dominant New York force for a long period of time but people have quickly forgotten just how elite he was back in the day. May never get his voice back and had some serious internal problems for a long period of time.
Virginia: Eric Clapton
Really good rising to the top before rock and roll changed around them (by adding Florida State). A rock elitist who has no problem stealing your wife and then writing a Hall of Fame song about it — despite being sort of overrated in its modern form for the last 20 years.
Virginia Tech: Bob Dylan
Brilliant, consistently good for a long period of time but have seen much better days in terms of on-field performance. Respected in the highest regard, talented and beloved by their faithful followers. However, possibly not understood nationally among the youngest generation.
Wake Forest: The Lumineers
It's smart and beautiful stuff but always a little lacking in strength and depth. The success seems to have been short-lived and they were really, really hot for about a two-year window.
Pakistan has connected its new, largely Chinese-built nuclear reactor to the national grid as part of broader plans to overcome long-running crippling power shortages.
The facility is located at Chashma, a town in the central province of Punjab, where China has constructed two other nuclear reactors, known as Chashma-1 and Chashma-2. They went into operation in 2000 and 2011 respectively, supplying 600 megawatts of electricity to the grid.
The so-called Chashma-3 project, with an installed capacity of 340 megawatts, was inaugurated “on trial basis” this past Saturday, according to a spokesman for the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC).
“After performing various safety and functional tests, the plant will attain full power in first fortnight of December 2016,” Shahid Riaz, told VOA Monday.
Canada helped Pakistan build its first nuclear power plant 44 years ago in the southern port city of Karachi, which Riaz said is currently generating around 80 megawatts of electricity.
Other projects
Pakistan is also constructing another two plants in Karachi with China's help at a cost of around $10 billion scheduled to be completed by 2021, with a combined capacity of around 2,200 megawatts. Under the agreement, Beijing will also provide enriched uranium for fuel.
Islamabad's so-called Energy Security Plan envisages a nuclear power production of around 8,800 megawatts by 2030 and 40,000 megawatts by the year 2050.
The deepening nuclear cooperation between the traditionally close allies comes amid reservations that Pakistan is not a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which binds member nations to ensure fissile materials are not used for making weapons.
Islamabad dismisses any such concerns.
Pakistan tested nuclear devices in 1998 in response to similar tests by arch-rival India. New Delhi also refuses to sign NPT.
IAEA safeguards
Pakistani authorities maintain that all of their civilian nuclear facilities are under International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safeguards and the country “voluntarily” observes a moratorium on nuclear testing.
Analysts see growing nuclear cooperation between the two countries as a response to the 2005 commercial deal between the United States and India.
Islamabad has since been unhappy about what it and criticizes it as a discriminatory U.S. approach and has been seeking a similar deal with Washington. Beijing sees the growing U.S.-India nuclear axis as a geopolitical challenge.
Beijing is also investing billions of dollars to build an economic corridor to link Western China and Pakistan's southern deep-water port of Gwadar in the Arabian Sea. The $46 billion so-called China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) will see construction of road and rail networks as well as power projects producing thousands of megawatts of electricity to help Pakistan overcome its energy crisis.
Amid the plunge in oil prices, Saudi billionaire businessman Prince Alwaleed bin Talal in a recent interview late on Monday with Maria Bartiromo in the USA Today said that oil prices will never reach $100 per barrel again.
Markets responded, and oil prices crashed over 3% to levels that have not been seen in six years.
The Saudi Prince who has been critical of Saudi Arabia's policies that have allowed prices to fall, called the theory of a plan to hurt Russian President Putin with cheap oil “baloney” and said the sharp sell-off has put the Saudis “in bed” with the Russians.
The following is the interview between Maria Bartiromo and the Saudi Prince that was posted in the USA Today:
Q: Can You Explain Saudi Arabia's Strategy in Terms of Not Cutting Oil Production?
A: Saudi Arabia and all of the countries were caught off guard. No one anticipated it was going to happen. Anyone who says they anticipated this 50% drop (in price) is not saying the truth.
Because the minister of oil in Saudi Arabia just in July publicly said $100 is a good price for consumers and producers. And less than six months later, the price of oil collapses 50%.
Having said that, the decision to not reduce production was prudent, smart and shrewd. Because had Saudi Arabia cut its production by 1 or 2 million barrels, that 1 or 2 million would have been produced by others. Which means Saudi Arabia would have had two negatives, less oil produced, and lower prices. So, at least you got slammed and slapped on the face from one angle, which is the reduction of the price of oil, but not the reduction of production.
Q: So This is About Not Losing Market Share?
A: Yes. Although I am in full disagreement with the Saudi government, and the minister of oil, and the minister of finance on most aspects, on this particular incident I agree with the Saudi government of keeping production where it is.
Q: What is Moving Prices? Is This a Supply or a Demand Story? Some Say There's Too Much Oil in the World, and That is Pressuring Prices. But Others Say the Global Economy is Slow, So It's Weak Demand.
A: It is both. We have an oversupply. Iraq right now is producing very much. Even in Libya, where they have civil war, they are still producing. The U.S. is now producing shale oil and gas. So, there's oversupply in the market. But also demand is weak. We all know Japan is hovering around 0% growth. China said that they'll grow 6% or 7%. India's growth has been cut in half. Germany acknowledged just two months ago they will cut the growth potential from 2% to 1%. There's less demand, and there's oversupply. And both are recipes for a crash in oil. And that's what happened. It's a no-brainer.
Q: Will Prices Continue to Fall?
A: If supply stays where it is, and demand remains weak, you better believe it is gonna go down more. But if some supply is taken off the market, and there's some growth in demand, prices may go up. But I'm sure we're never going to see $100 anymore. I said a year ago, the price of oil above $100 is artificial. It's not correct.
Q: Wow. And you Said You Are in Agreement With the Saudi Government to Not Give Up Market Share?
A: This is the only point I'm agreeing with the Saudi Arabian government on oil. That's the only point, yes.
Q: Should the Saudis Cut Production If They Get an Agreement With Other Oil Producing Countries to Take Oil Off the Market?
A: Frankly speaking, to get all OPEC countries to approve and accept it, including Russia and Iran, and everybody else, is almost impossible You can never have an agreement whereby everybody cuts production. We can't trust all OPEC countries. And can't trust the non-OPEC countries. So it's not on the table because the others will cheat. The past has proven that. When Saudi Arabia cut production in the '80s and '90s, everybody cheated and took market share from us. Plus, remember there is an agenda here also. Although Saudi Arabia and OPEC countries did not engineer the reduction in the price of oil, there's a positive side effect, whereby at a certain price, we will see how much shale oil production companies run out of business. So although we are caught off guard by this, we are capitalizing on this matter whereby we'll live with $50 temporarily, to see how much new supply there will be, because this will render many new projects economically unfeasible.
Q: What about the Theory of the Pressure on the Russians? There's a Theory That the U.S. and the Saudis Have Agreed to Keep Prices Low to Pressure Russia Because of what Putin Has Done in Ukraine.
A: Two words: baloney and rubbish. I'm telling you, there's no way Saudis will do this. Because Saudi Arabia is hurting as much as Russia, period. Now, we don't show it because of our big reserves. But I'll tell you Saudi Arabia and Russia are in bed together here. And both are being hurt simultaneously. And there's no political conspiracy whatsoever against Russia. Because we are shooting ourselves in the foot if we do that.
Q: You Said the Price of Oil Will Dampen the Shale Revolution in America. How?
A: Shale oil and shale gas, these are new products in the market. And we see big ranges. no one knows for sure what price is the breaking point for shale. Wells have a higher production cost. And very clearly these will run out of business, or at least not be economical. At $50, will it still be economically feasible? Unclear. This is a very much developing story.
Q: Some People Believe This Crash in Oil Will Create a Lot of New Mergers in the Energy Industry. Do You Agree?
A: No doubt about that. For sure there'll be a lot of consolidation in the market. Because many small and medium-sized companies can't afford this. Because they are very much dependent on the price of oil. Big companies like Exxon and Chevron are weathering the oil market crash because they are integrated vertically. But no doubt there'll be some mergers and acquisitions coming in one to two years.
Q: Let me Switch to the Terrorism in Paris. Terrorists Killed the Cartoonist Who Joked About the Prophet Mohammed. What is Your Opinion On This?
A: What took place is a horrendous crime that no one can permit and accept. And unfortunately these small minority people are ruining the name of Islam. Now the whole world — Muslims, Christians, Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, atheists — have to come together and be united, and be sure to eliminate this minority of the Muslim community. Those that hijacked our religion and try to eliminate them not only militarily. That's happening right now against ISIS (the Islamic State) by the Americans and their allies. But also mentally, educationally and culturally, also. This is a disease we are getting at now. This really will put us in the Middle Ages unfortunately. It feels like the Middle Ages right now. But I think that the world is united. I just heard, for example, (U.S. Secretary of State) John Kerry giving a speech in French, which was very nice of him to do. It was a calming process for the French people. My foundation is in communication with the presidential palace in France and the French government, to see what we can do to … (support) these families and these victims, innocent victims that were under attack. And then we have to show that Islam really is united with Christianity, and Judaism, and other religions in the world to limit this disease from from Earth.
Q: Back to Finance. Interest Rates Have Gone Down. The 10-Year Yield Dropped Below 2%. The Federal Reserve Ended Quantitative Easing. But Markets Seem to be Thinking the Other Way, That Rates Are Going Lower.
A: You are talking about the last two weeks. And remember, the last two weeks were a Saudi panic situation, price of oil collapsing. The stock market collapsing. So don't use this as the barometer indicator, the last two weeks. This was a panic situation. The Fed is navigating rates higher slowly.
Q: The Stock Market Started the Year Off With Heavy Selling. What About Some of Your Other Investments, in Media, Banking and in Technology? Such as Twitter or JD.Com. Would You Put New Money to Work in This Market Today?
A: Clearly the year began with a sell-off because there are so many events that came together. People are taking profits because 2014 was very good. And also, they had this oil crisis, whereby everyone was caught off guard by this major crash in the price of oil. But I think the U.S. economy is doing really very well. Especially relative to the rest of the world. The big question right now is what happens to Germany. Because Germany really is the anchor of all Europe. Also, Japan, and India, and China. These are the three major countries that the world depends on. So, there are opportunities. But also many risks here. If Japan, China, India and Germany improve 1% or 2%, this would be a major improvement for growth globally.
Q: Do You Think the European Central Bank Should Come Up With Stimulus?
A: There's a struggle right now between ECB President Mario Draghi, who is pushing for a stimulus, and Angela Merkel of Germany, who is worried about having inflation. We're seeing a clash over there between these two ideas. But I think that Draghi is preparing the market for a stimulus. Yes.
Read the full interview here at the USA TODAY
This material is courtesy of the USA Today. Such material is available to our readers under the provisions of the U.S. Copyright Law doctrine of “fair use” in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic, and social issues, and/or for the purpose of news reporting. The material on EMerging Equity is published without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving such information for research and educational purposes. Please reference U.S. Copyright Law for further information on “fair use”. If you wish to use such copyrighted material for purposes other than “fair use” you will need to request permission from the respective copyright owner .
This article is over 2 years old
The “carbon footprint” for the pollution caused by UK consumption has increased slightly, official figures show.
The amount of greenhouse gases linked to goods and services consumed by UK households, including emissions from the foreign manufacture of imported products, rose by 3% between 2012 and 2013, the most recent data shows.
But the figures are almost a fifth (19%) below the peak seen in 2007, when UK consumers were responsible for nearly 1.3bn tonnes of greenhouse gases.
The figures cover imported and domestically produced goods and services consumed in the UK as well as heating homes and fuelling household vehicles with fossil fuels.
The carbon footprint statistics from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) reveal the UK's wider role in the output of emissions which cause climate change, compared with other data which only account for domestically produced greenhouse gases.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Greenhouse gas emissions associated with UK consumption 1997 to 2013. Photograph: Gov.uk
Emissions associated with goods and services made outside the UK and imported for use by businesses and consumers make up more than half (55%) of the total carbon footprint for consumption, they reveal.
Some 582m tonnes of greenhouse gases were linked to imports in 2013, up 7% on the previous year but down 22% from the 2007 peak, the figures show.
Emissions linked to imported products from China, where many of the products bought in the UK are now manufactured, also peaked in 2007, but in 2013 were still 112% higher than in 1997.
Greenhouse gases associated with producing goods and services in the UK which were then used in the country were down more than a quarter (26%) in 2013 compared with 1997.
Emissions from heating homes have fallen 8% since 1997 but have been largely static for the last decade, despite household energy efficiency schemes.
Road transport emissions rose between 1997 and 2007 but have fallen back to similar levels seen 20 years ago, the figures show.
A government spokesperson said: “The UK's total carbon footprint has fallen 23% since 1990 and greenhouse gas emissions remain 19% lower than a peak in 2007.
“Tackling climate change is a priority and it is essential in ensuring economic prosperity and security for our country. The fifth carbon budget will help us meet the UK's legally binding target of an at least 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.”
Food bank use across Canada remained more than 25 per cent above pre-recession levels in March, the group representing food banks said Tuesday.
Food Banks Canada said an annual survey of its members showed a slight decrease in the number of food recipients from the same month a year earlier — two per cent to 851,014 — but little change over all.
The steady numbers show the effects of recession are still being felt across Canada, and the organization says that means economic recovery isn't working for everyone.
"While we're out of the recession, the economic recovery has left a whole bunch of Canadians behind — and they're not getting caught back up yet," Katharine Schmidt, executive director of Food Banks Canada, told CBC News.
Of the 349,842 households that turned to food banks for help in March 2011, almost half were families with children, and those were split almost evenly between two-parent and single-parent families.
Among households without children, more than three-quarters of food bank recipients were single people, with the remaining 23 per cent being couples without children.
About the recipients 38% were under 18.
47% female.
4.4% were 65, rising to 5.7% in rural areas.
10% self-identified as First Nations, Métis, or Inuit.
11% were immigrants or refugees, increasing to 18.5% in large cities.
4% were post-secondary students.
The household composition of those helped in rural areas was fairly consistent with overall national figures, with a slightly higher percentage of couples without children in rural Canada.
Food Banks Canada is the national charitable organization that represents 1,943 community food banks across the country. It says 1,723 food banks participated in its annual HungerCount survey.
The survey counts the number of individuals who get groceries from food banks and affiliated agencies during March.
Food Banks Canada says it has been gathering data on the need for "charitable food assistance" since 1997.
P.O.V.: Have you ever used a food bank? Take our survey.
"This wealth of information allows us to see that food bank use increases and decreases with the health of the economy," the report says.
"For example, the number of people helped by food banks decreased steadily during the economic boom of the mid-2000s, only to shoot up during the recession, and stay elevated in the current year."
Through good times and bad, however, the total number of Canadians being helped by food banks has not fallen below 700,000, the report says.
Food Banks Canada's recommendations to improve the situation include:
