SKT T1 reached out but failed to employ Impact.
According to our source, 'SK Telecom T1' reached out to one of their former teammates, Impact, with an offer. However, it is said that Impact turned them down. Throughout the recent months, SKT has been declining in their usual dominance. During the LCK Summer Split of 2017, they were pushed back by LZ and placed 2nd. Also, during the most recent World Championship, SKT dropped their champion title to SSG. It goes without saying that placing 2nd is a great feat itself, but regardless, SKT always carried the lofty expectations of dominance.
Our source also estimates that 'SKT found the source of their underperformance to be in the toplane during their team review, and that is most likely why they were looking to hire Impact'. Also, according to them, there were two reasons as to why Impact decided not to accept the offer.
One was payment issues. The salary SKT offered and the salary Impact desired had a significant difference. Two, Impact felt that the mantle of an SKT player would be a heavy one to take on again. Impact joined 'SKT T1 K' in 2013 and remained with the team until the end of 2014. And during that period of two years, 'SKT T1 K' reached the peak by becoming the best team in the world - but also fell from that peak.
When his contract with SKT expired, Impact joined the NA scene. After going through 'Team Impulse' and 'NRG eSports', he joined C9 as their starting toplaner. Throughout 2016-2017, Impact performed as expected and became a part of C9's 5th consecutive entry to Worlds. His contract with C9 expired on November 20th, and it is said that he is currently looking for a team that will match his terms.
SKT's response regarding the news was: "We can't discuss or confirm anything related to player contracts."
Bats are perhaps best known for their sophisticated use of sound: Like a ship's sonar, the flying mammals make high-pitched noises and listen for returning echoes to navigate and hunt, an ability known as echolocation. But one family—the fruit bats—doesn't use this sort of advanced tracking. Now, a new study suggests that all bats were once able to echolocate in this fashion, providing new evidence in a decades-long debate and shedding light on the origins of bat sonar.
Evolutionary biologists have long been divided over how bats developed their sonar. Fruit bats are closely related to a group of bats that are expert echolocators. Some say this means that advanced echolocation evolved once; an ancient bat developed the ability and passed it on to successive bat species, but fruit bats lost it along the way. Others argue that advanced echolocation evolved twice—once in an ancient ancestor bat, and again in the close relatives of fruit bats—and that fruit bats never had it.
Scientists have tried settling the question by looking for hard-to-find fossils of ancient bats, and by examining the genes of modern bats for clues about their past lifestyle. But Emma Teeling, an evolutionary biologist at University College Dublin, and colleagues from Shenyang Agricultural University in China, looked at a different window into the past: modern bat ears. Sonar-wielding bats have extra-large cochleae, coiled ear bones that they use to pick up tiny differences in the pitch of returning echoes. The cochleae of adult fruit bats, on the other hand, are much smaller—more like other mammals' that don't echolocate. But the team suspected that they might still show traces of their echolocating ancestry.
Using x-ray microradiographs, the researchers examined the developing fetuses of seven species of bat: two fruit bats, including the short-nosed fruit bat (Cynopterus sphinx), and five bats that use echolocation, including the great leaf-nosed bat (Hipposideros armiger). For comparison, they also looked at the cochleae of developing fetuses of five other mammals, including cats and rats.
The baby fruit bat's cochleae were similar in size to those of echolocating bats, and they were about 65% larger than those of the other mammals, the team reports today in Nature Ecology & Evolution . That means the direct ancestors of fruit bats probably used echolocation—the large fetal cochleae are a sort of “living fossil” from an earlier time. And if it is true that fruit bats lost their ability to echolocate, then it's likely that bat sonar evolved only once.
But not everyone is convinced. Rick Adams, an evolutionary ecologist at the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley, doesn't agree with either side of the debate. He subscribes to a different version of the bat family tree, which has two main branches: one with all the bats that echolocate and one with all the bats that don't. In his version, advanced echolocation also evolved only once, but only after the fruit bats split from the rest of the tree.
“As a preliminary study, it's pretty interesting,” Adams says. But he adds that he would have chosen other mammals to compare with the fruit bats. Cats and rats are not that closely related to bats, Adams says; mammals like tree shrews or lemurs might be better, because it's possible they could share fruit bats' large cochleae.
But for many others, the discovery is a welcome one. “I really applaud the authors for taking us out of the wilderness,” says bat biologist Brock Fenton of Western University in London, Canada. “It was an endless argument.”
The conclusion of Justified's fourth season brings down the curtain—for now, anyway—on the story of Drew Thompson, the man who improved on the legend of D. B. Cooper. Three decades ago, Thompson shot the fearsome mob boss Theo Tonin, then faked his own death by throwing another man out of a plane. As U.S. Marshal Art Mullen explains it, Thompson then proceeded to parachute “into Harlan County with enough coke and cash to jumpstart the economy of a small country.” Thompson then laid low for 30 years, though he did have “the balls to get a job in law enforcement not once, but two times,” and in his capacity as local sheriff spent the last few days before his alias was blown riding around with Raylan Givens trying to find out which of the aging Kentucky shit-kickers in their jurisdiction might be the mysterious Drew Thompson. Givens, angry at being duped, just wants to chase the bastard down. But Mullen, older and wiser, instructs him to cool his jets and take a moment to reflect: “The first thing we're gonna do is acknowledge that this guy's awesome.”
The character who was ultimately revealed to be the likeable super-villain Drew Thompson was originally introduced as Shelby Parlow, who at first glance appeared to be the most underwhelming character on Jim Beaver's vast résumé of aging, pathetic-looking guys who are happy to be underestimated. Shelby seemed to be a mild-mannered burnout who hillbilly crime lord Boyd Crowder installed as sheriff after the previous, crooked-as-hell holder of that office proved too difficult to work with. When Shelby was working as a security officer for the local mining company, Boyd saved him from being murdered during an attempted heist. After he was downsized, the chance to run for sheriff saved him from the indignity of working as a greeter. He seemed to be a basically honest man who was grateful to Boyd and knew which side his bread was buttered on. His fatalistic, somewhat defeated nature was partially explained when he announced that he was dying of liver cancer. (He was lying, or he got better, or the writers forgot about it.)
Advertisement
The signs that Shelby might have it in him to be more than Boyd's puppet built up slowly but steadily. He began to show signs of devotion to duty, warning Boyd that whatever he was about to do for him was the last time he could help him out with his criminal enterprises. “The way I see it,” he said, “this is my last chance to make something of myself before I head to the wrong side of the grass.” Then Shelby began to seem cagier, and when he started helping Raylan out with the Drew Thompson investigation, it was as if a first-rate lawman had been buried deep inside the crumbling wreckage and was beginning to stir. When the truth came out about his identity, it became clear that Shelby/Drew was perhaps the smartest person on a very smart show, and that he had been dazzling his colleagues with his proficiency while using his proximity to gauge how close he was to being exposed. No wonder Raylan was so pissed, and that the close-to-retirement Art could only flex his eyebrows with admiration, and maybe a little bit of envy.
The big revelation that Shelby was Drew Thompson set off the usual flurry of activity among the character-continuity nerds. Had the writers always had the Drew Thompson story in the back of their minds, and had every line and action he'd ever delivered been meant to serve the moment when his backstory would be revealed? That seems doubtful, to put it gently—but it makes perfect sense in the context of Jim Beaver's career. Shelby/Drew Thompson is a Jim Beaver character—which doesn't just mean that the character is played by Jim Beaver. Beaver, who is 62, has been playing characters in movies and on TV since the late '70s, and he had a career in theater, both as an actor and playwright, before that. (He has also written TV scripts and books, and is said to be working on a long-in-the-making biography of George Reeves, TV's Superman.) But the first “Jim Beaver character” was probably Whitney Ellsworth on Deadwood, which debuted in 2004. He has also played other roles since 2004, such as the gun dealer on Breaking Bad, who aren't really Jim Beaver characters in the iconic sense—at least not yet. Part of what defines the type is that they take time to reveal their true depths.
Few characters have had worse long-term prospects, right from the moment they were introduced, than Ellsworth. (He didn't even have a first name until Beaver suggested it.) A lonely but expert prospector, Ellsworth witnesses a murder committed by Al Swearengen's chief cutthroat, Dan Dority, and essentially gives himself up for dead. Like Shelby, Ellsworth has a dead-man-walking manner, and a face like a crumpled-up road map. The only sign the early episodes can provide that there may be some magic to this man is Dority's reluctance to simply kill him; he's overjoyed when they reach an understanding that enables him to leave the prospector alive without feeling that he's betrayed his employer.
Advertisement
Ellsworth's transformation from barely socialized town drunk with a good eye for gold to the dependable, super-competent manager of Alma Garret's affairs is one of the more heartening story threads running through Deadwood, and it's the kind of thing that can only happen in series TV. On a movie set, it's less likely that anyone would have cast a working actor like Beaver in a small part like Ellsworth and then noticed the extraordinary audience rapport that he can develop, given the time and opportunity. Nor would a moviemaker be likely to have the chance to reshape the direction of a project to take advantage of that rapport, even if he did notice it. Ellsworth began to develop the backstory of a good but ruined man—someone who had lost a family and walked away from a career in commercial mining out of disgust with the chances that the bosses take with their employees' lives. Everything about him that first seemed off began to take on an air of dignity, and he went from being a man grateful for not being murdered to a pillar of self-reliance and independence. “I may have fucked my life up flatter'n hammered shit,” he once said, “but I stand here before you today beholden to no human cocksucker.” Say that line in a room full of Deadwood fanatics, and the effect will be not unlike the scene in Casablanca where all the French people at Rick's Café Americain proudly and defiantly sing “Le Marseillaise.”
Ellsworth's downfall began when he allowed himself to become sufficiently entangled with his friends' and employers' lives to compromise his lonely self-reliance. For propriety's sake, he agreed to a marriage of convenience with the pregnant Alma, but Alma, a recovering laudanum addict, fell off the wagon in the hopes that it would enable her to consummate the marriage—a real “I think I'm gonna go sleep in a gorge tonight, Honey” moment for even the most secure of men. He was finally summarily executed by agents of the rancid mining magnate George Hearst, who paid him the tribute of seeing him as the one person strong and principled enough to get, and stay, in Hearst's way. When Ellsworth's corpse was brought into town, Deadwood's heart virtually stopped. It was a show about the last stand of a self-made community against the arrival of vampire capitalism, and Ellsworth had become the best part of the community, the man who refused to be bought off or get innocent blood on his hands.
Besides Ellsworth and Drew Thompson, Beaver's greatest character was Bobby Singer on Supernatural. Even more than Ellsworth, Bobby seems like a character that was created for the show's convenience but became its heart and soul. (Jeffrey Dean Morgan, who had played the father of the heroes, wanted to concentrate on his movie career, and the show needed a paternal figure with long-standing family ties who could mentor the boys and feed them exposition.) Supernatural is built around the conceit that the human race is under constant bombardment from monsters, ranging from vampires looking for their next feeding to 800-pound gorillas looking to bring about the apocalypse; all that keeps mankind alive is the work of “hunters” who know the score, operate in secret, and, naturally, look and sound a lot like paranoid gun nuts.
Advertisement
It's meant to be a seamy subculture: Hunters have given up hope of living normal lives to keep the rest of us safe. But main characters Sam and Dean Winchester are still youthful and have sex appeal. Beaver's character is cantankerous—his preferred term of endearment is “idjit”—and he looks like the guy in line at the DMV who won't shut up about the black helicopters. Like Ellsworth, he's a widower, and he is said to be a mite too fond of the grape. He lives alone in a shitbox, with his bottles, his arsenal, and his memories, where he is constantly besieged by other hunters who know they can always count on him for advice, information, or backup.
He is, in short, the character who validates the show's conceit, the one who has visibly given up any chance at peace or happiness to devote himself to his calling. Beaver has said that he never assumed the character would last for more than an episode or two, but it's easy to see why he stuck around for years. When Bobby hurt, the audience felt it. The writers even put him in a wheelchair for a while, though they eventually pulled out a miracle to get him out of it. Then, midway through last season, they killed him off, and then, still unable to let go, brought him back as a ghost. He finally left this plane by the end of the season, and if the writers have any sense, they'll let him stay gone and not sully his final sacrifice. But I know fans of the show who can't think of a reason to watch it anymore.
Beaver has a rare gift for illuminating the special, hidden qualities of men you wouldn't give a second look on the street, and might not look at a second time on TV if his shows didn't insist that you do. It's a hard-won quality that he might never have developed as an actor if he'd had more breaks earlier in his career. But it gives his characters a special meaning right now, at a time when changes in the workplace are leaving more and more people stranded when they're at a point in their lives where it feels too late to start over, and, for the first time in this country's history, a majority of young people are telling pollsters that they don't believe they'll have it better than their parents did. Again and again, he sidles in, quietly assumes the mantle of the person even people older than him feel they'd like to be when they grow up, and then goes to his reward—whether it's federal prison or bleeding out in the mud—without complaint, like an adult who knows that he made his own choices. (Even when he was a ghost on Supernatural, his reasons for refusing to accept death were self-sacrificing: He could have used the rest, but wanted to keep watch over his honorary sons.)
Advertisement
Beaver has been lucky to have these roles—roles that came to exist because the creative teams on these shows saw how lucky they were to have him, and elected to make the most of the opportunity. He's become one of those character actors, like Warren Oates and Harry Dean Stanton, who have legions of fans, each of whom must assume that they're the only person on Earth who'd take a bullet for him. It's impossible to know what the future holds for the actor, or whether he'll get his Bring Me The Head Of Alfredo Garcia or Paris, Texas—his chance to carry the ball—or even if he wants it. But at the least he deserves a career retrospective, maybe a Random Roles interview, and a paycheck big enough to allow him to take a year off and maybe finish his damn George Reeves book. But for now, the first thing we need to do is acknowledge what Art Mullen did: This guy's awesome.
Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh today urged states to chalk out their own strategy to achieve the target of doubling farmers' income by 2022.
The centre has already come out with a four-volume report suggesting ways to boost farmers' income, which states will have to study and see how best it can be implemented in each state, he said.
Not only productivity of various crops needs to be raised, but also focus on allied farm activities like timber cultivation and honeybee cultivation is required, he added.
Addressing a two-day national conference to evolve a sowing strategy for the upcoming winter (rabi) season, Singh said: "The governments aim is to increase productivity and ensure farmers get the remunerative price for their produce."
The government has launched several schemes like Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana (PMKSY), Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY), Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana, Soil Health Card scheme, neem-coated urea and electronic national agriculture market (e-NAM) to achieve the target of doubling farmers' income.
While implementing these schemes, he said, states have to "devise their own strategy" to boost farmers' income by focusing on production-to-post-harvest activities.
"It is our responsibility to make special efforts to improve the agricultural sector so that it provides strong trade opportunities," he added.
Echoing similar views, Agriculture Secretary S K Pattanayak said, "doubling farmers' income by 2022 should be the mantra and all of us should be working towards it. The seven key schemes have to be operationalised at field level."
He urged states to take e-NAM project seriously and put in place infrastructure to facilitate farmers to trade online. "Once this is in place, farmers will get remunerative price and help in doubling income."
To ensure farmers get support price in times of price crash, the secretary said the centre has drafted a new market assurance scheme and asked states to study and share how they wish to implement.
On organic farming, he said only Sikkim has been declared a fully organic state till now. The centre's target is to see entire north east grow fully organic. Funds are in place but states have to show more interest.
He also mentioned that states should encourage allied farm activities as it will add to income of farmers.
Ministers of State for Agriculture Gajendra Singh Shekhawat and Krishna Raj were also present at the event.
Donald Trump is skipping next weekend's White House Correspondents' Dinner, the first president to miss the so-called “nerd prom” since Ronald Reagan sat out in 1981 while he was recovering from an assassination attempt. But that doesn‘t mean he'll be kicking back at Mar-a-Lago. On Saturday the president announced via Twitter that he would be holding a “BIG rally” in Pennsylvania on the same night.
The fate of the annual media and politics bacchanal seemed up for debate from the moment Trump, who has attended several times as a guest in the past, was elected. While the annual goings on at the Washington Hilton seemed to be tailor-made for the nation's first reality TV star president, the Trump administration's confrontational relationship with the press had many outlets reconsidering their participation. There was also the question of how the volatile president might respond to be being roasted in front of the world. (Some argue that Trump's long, strange road to the White House began after Barack Obama bruised Trump in his 2011 performance at the dinner.) Trump ended the speculation on February 25 when he tweeted that he would sit this year's edition out.
But it turns out that didn't mean he wouldn't seek out some attention on the night of the big party, as evidenced by his newly announced plans. Trump caught rally fever on the campaign trail, preferring the mass gatherings for their message dissemination and in-real-life adulation. After he was elected said that the rallies would continue as a victory tour, the most recent of which was held in Louisville, Kentucky in March.
Trump also tweeted that a “Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION” will be announced on Wednesday, three days ahead of the dinner and his rally. Surely, neither W.H.C.D. host Hasan Minhaj, nor the president, will be at a loss for material next weekend.
(KUTV) The body of missing Utah man Paul Heiner Swenson has been found. Police confirmed the body .
On the Facebook page his family broke the news just before 5 p.m. Monday. South Salt Lake police confirmed that a short time later with a press release.
"Our family has learned the heart-wrenching news that the body of our beloved Paul Heiner Swenson has been found. We are deeply pained to have our most dreaded fear confirmed," the family wrote. "We have been working with law enforcement closely over the past weeks as they search for answers. Thank you for your prayers for Paul and our whole family."
The family asked for privacy to mourn and absorb the tragic news. They also asked the community to pray for them and expressed gratitude for its support.
Police said Monday the medical examiner identified the body and said there was "no obvious sign of foul play." The cause of death is still under investigation by the medical examiner's office.
Swenson's body was found Sunday around 4 p.m., near 135 W., 2950 South. Police said the body had been lodged in some debris.
Swenson was last seen around 3 p.m.. on July 27, at his home in American Fork, Utah. He was believed to have been suffering from a medical condition. Swenson entered a family vehicle and left toward Salt Lake County for an appointment, but did not arrive at the location to which he was traveling.
Swenson's family was later able to determine that he had been in the area of 4700 South, 900 East at one point during the evening of July 27. Swenson's cell phone has reportedly been turned off.
Police found his black 2016 BMW X6 abandoned at an elementary school in Salt Lake in the area of 1500 South, 1028 West.
Inside police found items such as backpacks, a cell phone and clothing which the family said doesn't belong to Swenson. That's why police considered it suspicious in nature.
"We don't know if someone else was in the vehicle with him just prior to or the vehicle been stolen from him," said Sgt. Josh Christensen with American Fork Police Department on July 31.
Halo: Return of The Split Screen Gaming
Nothing was so annoying, to me personally, as the day that Halo stopped running split screen games. I could no longer – with a friend – blast grunts, ghost vehicles, or dance around plasma sword strikes. It was like a piece of my childhood had been ripped away with little to no warning. I say this because much of the excitement of Halo stemmed purely from the ability to have a gritty couch coop game with my friend that we could laugh, be frustrated about, and in general enjoy.
So it is with joy that I've heard the news from up on high. The head of 343 Industries, Bonnie Ross, has stated recently at the DICE summit in Las Vegas that the Halo franchise will “always have split screen going forward”. You hear that guys? Always. She stated that the removal of the function was a painful lesson for the company, due to the outcry of many fan's were disappointed at it's loss.
I wonder why?
The decision to remove split screen was a horrible one made by the company, and affected the trust many gamers had in the company. Even Ross admitted that “we fell down with the multiplayer launch of [Halo: The Master Chief Collection], or when we didn't put split screen in with Halo 5. I think it's incredibly painful for the community and for us. It erodes trust with the community, as the community is part of our world building. [We've had a] lot of learnings from that, and I would say for any FPS going out forward we will always have split screen going forward…” That said, we can only hope that the company keeps sticking with what works as oppose to making rash decisions that affect our gameplay fun.
For me, this means that the next Halo game will be something I pick up again. As the last one I didn't buy, due to my inability to play side by side with my friends – as I have since I was a child.
Let us know in the comment's what you think of the return of Split screen, and whether it will ensure you buying the next Halo game.
Follow us on Twitter to keep up with the latest posts, or to recommend a game for the team to review: @TheSaveSpot1
MacRuby is steadily moving ahead, as a status update on the MacRuby-devel list shows. Next to the various improvements, there's now an easy way to try out MacRuby:
Claudio Poli contributed a web application that periodically builds binary installers of MacRuby trunk. It is available here: http://macruby.icoretech.org . Feel free to use this in case you want a simpler way to follow trunk. Please note that these installers won't work on macOS versions below 10.6 (Snow Leopard).
MacRuby now has support for Grand Central Dispatch (GCD), the optimized thread pool and queuing support introduced in Mac OS X Snow Leopard. The MacRuby GCD support currently allows queueing up tasks for execution on work queues and support for handling timer events on queues, support for other dispatch sources has not been added yet.
GCD was recently open sourced, and the userspace part is already available as a FreeBSD package.
The MacRuby status update also announces that a first release candidate for MacRuby 0.5 is expected any time now, with a final release expected by the end of the year. As a reminder, MacRuby 0.5 will include many of the improvements developed this year, such as the new LLVM based VM, JIT and AOT, the updated threading system that works without the GIL/GVL inherited from the YARV VM, and much more.
.NET users can try out the new IronRuby 0.9.1 which brings bug fixes and a few improvements to performance, details of IronRuby 0.9.1 in the release notes. IronRuby 0.9.1 binaries are available at CodePlex, the source code is at GitHub.
Everyone waiting for a Ruby 1.9.2-shaped christmas present might have to wait a bit longer. Yuki Sonoda announced the delay on the ruby-core list, giving this explanation:
Ruby 1.9.2 must pass [its RubySpec] before release. I believe this makes it clear, what Ruby 1.9 is. And this brings us more compatibility between implementations.
Details will be decided in a meeting of the Ruby developers.
In 1.8.7 news, Evan Phoenix announces:
Thanks to @malafortune, a little elbow grease, and a lot of specs, Rubinius is now largely updated to ruby 1.8.7!
Rubinius is thus joining MRI and JRuby with support for 1.8.7.
Truck driver Tim McCrory says he knew that giving away his load of plywood during Hurricane Irma would get him fired.
But he did it anyway.
Read: The Delta Flight That Raced Hurricane Irma - and Won
“I went into it knowing I was going to lose my job,” he told InsideEdition.com Thursday. “Because I was giving away something that wasn't mine. But the people in Florida needed it to protect their homes.”
The company, Western Express, has since disputed that McCrory was fired, instead claiming that he left voluntarily.
The long-haul driver said he was ferrying 960 pieces of plywood to a Home Depot in Zephyrhills, Fla., last Friday.
He said he blew a tire in a southbound lane of Interstate 95, as seemingly everyone in the state was on the northbound side, trying to get out as Irma churned toward Florida.
It took seven hours to get the tire fixed, he said. When he pulled into the Home Depot lot, it was past 9 p.m. and the store was closed and boarded up to ride out the storm. The night manager was just leaving, McCrory said, and told him he would have to come back Tuesday.
So the driver said he called his company's dispatcher and delivered the news. He was told to take his load to Atlanta, he said. He decided to catch a few hours' sleep in his cab.
He was awakened about 2 a.m. Saturday by a police officer banging on his window. McCrory explained the situation, and the cop said taking the rig to Atlanta was not a good idea.
There were also a lot of people in town needing the plywood, the officer said.
"I was ready to give it up, 100 percent," McCrory said of his load. "I got kids of my own. I'm a family man. If I was in their situation, I'd want somebody to do that for me."
About 20 officers and McCrory began unloading the unwieldy sheets by hand at about 2:30 a.m., he said. Police department employees contacted residents by phone in the suburban enclave outside Tampa.
“They said, ‘If you need plywood to board up your house, come and get it. It's a small town and everybody knows everybody. They got the word out,” McCrory said. “There was just a line of cars. The storm was coming and it was coming fast.
“The wind was starting to pick up, you could see the clouds swarming, and it was just an eerie feeling,” he said.
For nearly four hours, the plywood was handed out to residents. “Nobody took more than they needed,” McCrory said. “We protected about 150 houses.”
Read: Woman Delivers Her Own Baby During Hurricane Irma After Authorities Can't Reach Her
McCrory said he informed his superiors about giving away the wood and was told, “We're going to have to let you go.' I told them ‘There was a Category 5 hurricane coming. Home Depot was closed. People needed that plywood.'"
“They said it wasn't mine to give away,” he said. “I was just being an American. And I was trying to be a good American.”
Western Express said in a statement to InsideEdition.com on Friday that McCrory was not fired as a result of his actions, but instead voluntarily left the company.
"We understand what was probably going through his mind during these extraordinary circumstances, which is why we did not fire him, and have no plans to do so,” Western Express CEO Paul Wieck said in the statement. “Ideally, he would have let us know he was giving away the plywood, but we understand he was trying to do the right thing, and we'd welcome him back on our team. I've personally tried to contact him several times over the last few days, but have not been able to reach him.”
InsideEdition.com's attempts to reach McCrory for further comment were unsuccessful.
Resident Tracy Dillon Drew established a GoFundMe page for McCrory when she learned he was no longer working.
“I cannot explain the sense of community I felt with those of us who were lucky enough to not just receive plywood, but [to] also receive a much more important gift... compassion.”
Drew wrote she has kept in contact with McCrory since he left Florida and started the fund to help him as he looks for a new job.
Watch: Hospital Throws Birthday Party for Toddler Diagnosed With Leukemia During Irma
Related Articles:
My KRON 4: Rare disease leaves Marin County girl allergic to the sun Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Mackenzie Landsness. 7. Rare disease makes her "allergic" to the sun [ + - ] Video
MILL VALLEY, Calif. (KRON/MEDIA GENERAL) - It's a disease so rare it's believed to effect fewer than 500 people in the United States.
A young girl in Marin County, California, has the brutal condition - she is allergic to the sun. There is no medication or fix for the symptoms that plague Mackenzie Landsness.
Even playing outside can bring pain to Mackenzie.
Her allergy was discovered when she was 3 years old. After Mackenzie went for a walk outside, the little girl's hands and feet became itchy and swollen with blisters.
"It feels like you are sticking your hands inside the sun - or being stung by a million bees," Mackenzie said.
"That night, she was screaming in pain. 'My hands are burning, my hands are burning, my feet are burning," said Mackenzie's mother, Laurie.
After visiting 12 doctors and specialists, she was diagnosed with Erythropoietic Protoporphyria, or EPP, a rare genetic condition that makes a person extremely sensitive to sunlight.
Now 7 years old, Mackenzie can't expose her skin to the sun. When she goes outside, she covers up as much as possible: No shorts or sandals, and always sunscreen, gloves, a scarf and hat.
"It feels really bad being allergic to the sun," Mackenzie said.
Mackenzie's outdoor time is limited. Even if she manages to stay covered up, after a while she gets overheated under all of her layers of sun protection.
"It's hard. I'm not going to lie. But, you know, there could be other diagnoses that are a lot worse," Laurie Landsness said.
-- Matt Jaworowski from Media General contributed to this report.
When Annagry man Hugo Sharkey went to unearth what he thought was one of his allotment potato crop coming through the ground he didn't expect to dig out one of the biggest spuds he's ever seen.
When Annagry man Hugo Sharkey went to unearth what he thought was one of his allotment potato crop coming through the ground he didn't expect to dig out one of the biggest spuds he's ever seen.
A keen gardener, he and his family enjoy his seasonally grown spuds each year, but now they could all dine together on just one potato.
“I grow them as a hobby really. The grandchildren enjoy the homegrown stuff while here on holiday. If potatoes stick out of the ground they turn green. I just walked around the garden and seen this wee bit sticking out and I thought ‘I pull this little bit off to try and save it' but this enormous thing came out,” he laughed.
Hey! Have you been to Collabor88 yet? Well maybe these adorable sunglasses and beautifully made dress from Faenzo will change your mind! The Silk flare dress and bold sunglasses are available at this round in a bunch of wonderfully vivid colours and are just the perfect summer essential. Dress it up with some statement jewellery or dress it down with leggings and some cute flats.
Yesterday was another round of 21shoe, where a bunch of designers put out two pairs of shoes for the price of just one pair! Of course I had to pay a visit to KoiKoi, which I have to admit is a store that's quite new to me. But I saw the photos of these gorgeous shoes on flickr and ran over to get them as soon as I could because they're just so pretty and sexy. The other pair you get is a lovely gold and snakeskin pair which you might see me show off in the future. I don't know if the shoes will still be out at the store in case you missed it but since 21shoe is a one-day event they might not be available anymore, but it's worth checking out their store and seeing what else KoiKoi has to offer!
Cae has just released this adorable anklet which comes fitted for the Gos feet, but as you can see I resized it to fit my slink high feet. As always with Cae, you get a extensive HUD with your purchase, to extensive that it actually changes the entire design of the anklet as well as the different metal colours. So you get 10 different charms in gold and silver with this HUD and it's just such a cute little addition to wear with your heels or even barefoot on the beach.
*X*
Advertisements
The new Google boot animation and SunBeam live wallpaper that are currently exclusive to the Google Play Editions of the HTC One and Galaxy S4 have already been pulled and released for our tinkering pleasure. Thanks to the release of the GPL files (similar to factory images) for each phone by JBQ, members of XDA were able to get inside and pull out these two goodies. We're still awaiting the arrival of the new Camera app, but we'll take these two for now.
The boot animation is a .zip file that can be flashed through your custom recovery (yes, you need to be rooted). The files are 1080p wide, so it should look good on almost any device.
With the SunBeam wallpaper, you can try to install it as you would any other sideloaded .apk, but it may error out on you. Should you run into an issue, you'll need to be rooted so that you can push the file to /system/app. Set the permissions to RW-R–R–, reboot, and enjoy.
Downloads: Boot Animation | SunBeam Wallpaper [2]
Via: XDA [2]
Tomgram: Chip Ward, The Nuclear Myth Melts Down
[TomDispatch Note and Book Recommendation: The world is exploding. TomDispatch can't cover it all. Still, a comment is in order on our Libyan intervention. As a start, it could be the first intervention that actually escalated before it even began. It went from no-fly-zone to no-fly-no-drive-zone before a U.S. cruise missile was launched or a French jet took off. Within two days, it seemed to be escalating even further into a half-baked, regime-change(ish)-style operation. (As of Wednesday, 162 Tomahawk cruise missiles had already been sent Libya-wards, most of them from American vessels, at more than $1 million a pop.) To make the intervention even stranger, it was initially opposed by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen, Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, National Security Adviser Thomas Donilon, and counterterrorism chief John O. Brennan, as well as many conservatives. Instead, the (not very) liberal warhawks of the administration -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, National Security Council senior aide Samatha Powers, and U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice -- were evidently in the lead on this one (along with various neocons in full hue and cry).
As on so many issues, where exactly the president was, other than blowing in the wind, remains unclear. Congress played no significant role -- neither advice nor consent -- in the decision. It now seems almost quaint, if not exceedingly retro, even to suggest that the people's representatives have anything to do with American war-making. And it goes without saying that the people themselves, who seemed to be deeply unenthusiastic about a Libyan intervention before it happened according to the polls, were in no way consulted. Gates spoke of a “spirited debate” within the administration -- just nowhere else.
Think of this, then, as the “human rights” intervention. So far, it seems to be a remarkably seat-of-the-pants affair, suffused with the usual American faith in the efficacy of military power. As far as I can tell, Washington is relying for success on pure, dumb luck (and the vague possibility that, if the U.S. and allies whack his forces hard enough, Libyan monster Muammar Gaddafi's officer corps could turn against him or their troops might defect to the rebels). Luck could hold, but what would follow remains bleakly unknown. Look for the no-[fill-in-the-blank]-zones to expand if Gaddafi hangs on, the rebels don't advance fast enough, and desperation and confusion set in. In the meantime, the learning curve in Washington when it comes to interventions seems nonexistent. For the rest of us, that learning curve might improve if James Peck's new book Ideal Illusions: How the U.S. Government Co-opted Human Rights was to be widely read. It's a taboo-breaking look at the way in which, from the 1970s to late last night, successive administrations have exploited the human rights movement, turned it to Washington's ends, and contained any impulses to define human rights ever more broadly. This is, unfortunately, a story decade old but as fresh as the Libyan intervention. I recommend the book strongly. Tom]
With the Fukushima nuclear complex still at the edge, the official response here is so bracingly... well, ho-hum. A top Nuclear Regulatory Commission official has just offered reassurance that nothing at Fukushima warrants “any immediate changes at U.S. nuclear plants.” As if to etch the point in cement, the day before the Japanese earthquake/tsunami, the NRC had issued a 20-year license renewal to the almost 40-year-old Vermont Yankee nuclear plant, the “near twin” of one in Fukushima (but storing staggeringly more “spent fuel” than that complex). The message: we'll keep tabs on those nuclear plants, but really, folks, not to worry, everything's fine here.
What, I wonder, might it be worth keeping tabs on? Consider California's Diablo Canyon power plant about 160 miles north of Los Angeles, which operated for a year and a half with some of its emergency systems disabled. Constructed in the neighborhood of the Hosgri and San Andreas Faults (as well as a nearby offshore fault discovered only in 2008), it has been upgraded to withstand a magnitude 7.5 earthquake. (Fukushima was designed to withstand a 7.9 quake.) The only problem, according to the latest research: the San Andreas Fault is capable of producing “a magnitude 8.1 earthquake that could run 340 miles from Monterey County to the Salton Sea” and that newly discovered offshore fault by Diablo Canyon, possibly a 7.7. Hmmm... and in case you think that the Japanese situation is unrepeatable here, the last magnitude 9.0 earthquake happened off the West coast, somewhere in the vicinity of Washington or Oregon, 311 years ago. The odds of another in the next 50 years has been estimated at one in three.
And then there's my own neck of the woods: 35 miles from the heart of Manhattan Island in New York City is the U.S. nuclear plant most at risk of core damage in the case of an earthquake. That's the Indian Point nuclear plant, which happens to have been built close to a “geological braid of fault lines” known as the Ramapo Fault. Its odds of experiencing an earthquake powerful enough to cause at least a partial core meltdown are, according to NRC calculations, 10,000 to 1 in any year. And keep in mind that, with almost 20 million people in Metropolitan New York City, the minimalist evacuation plans that exist, should a meltdown occur, are essentially “fantasy documents.” An Onion mock headline caught the spirit of this moment: “Nuclear Energy Activists Insist U.S. Reactors Completely Safe Unless Something Bad Happens.” With that in mind, consider the nuclear industry through the eyes of TomDispatch regular Chip Ward, a Utah environmentalist who has battled it for years. (To catch Timothy MacBain's latest TomCast audio interview in which Ward discusses the endless legacy of nuclear power, click here, or download it to your iPod here.) Tom
How the “Peaceful Atom” Became a Serial Killer
Nuclear Power Loses its Alibi
By Chip Ward When nuclear reactors blow, the first thing that melts down is the truth. Just as in the Chernobyl catastrophe almost 25 years ago when Soviet authorities denied the extent of radiation and downplayed the dire situation that was spiraling out of control, Japanese authorities spent the first week of the Fukushima crisis issuing conflicting and confusing reports. We were told that radiation levels were up, then down, then up, but nobody aside from those Japanese bureaucrats could verify the levels and few trusted their accuracy. The situation is under control, they told us, but workers are being evacuated. There is no danger of contamination, but stay inside and seal your doors.
The official twitter page for the anime adaptation of Full Metal Alchemist and Silver Spoon creator, Hiromu Arakawa‘s upcoming anime epic, The Heroic Legend of Arslan, has revealed a new TV ad as well as the anime's new key visual.
A new TV ad for the anime was also aired and it previews the mysterious Lord Silvermask, who will be voiced by none other than Yuki Kaji, best known for voicing Eren Yeager in Attack on Titan. This is the 5th TV ad for The Heroic Legend of Arslan
The Heroic Legend of Arslan is based on the manga series by Hiromu Arakawa, which is adapted from manga adaptation of Yoshiki Tanaka's Arslan Senki (also known as The Heroic Legend of Arslan) novels. The anime will premiere this April 5, 2015. The series has quite the pedigree as Yoshiki Tanaka is best known for creating Legend of the Galactic Heroes while Arakawa ‘s Full Metal Alchemist and Silver Spoon are two of the most loved mangas in Japan.
The Nevada Board of Agriculture met today with members of the public and representatives from the Organic Advisory Council to decide the fate of the Nevada Department of Agriculture's (NDA) Organic Certification Program. After the opening proceedings the first item on the agenda was ostensibly contentious battle over whether the NDA would end its state-run Organic Certification Program.
“Organic certification is not going away in Nevada,” said NDA Director Jim Barbee.
The debate between Barbee's assessment that the program was no longer fiscally feasible, and a coalition of organic farmers in attendance making the case for its continuance, stretched into the afternoon, with the board vote only taking place after 1 pm.
Private organic certification options are still available to producers, Barbee said.
The Organic Advisory Council and its allies in the boardroom at the NDA building in Sparks spoke at length about what they said was a lack of transparency that had riddled this process. Board Chairman David Stix Jr. and Barbee took the brunt of the frustration and returned it in kind. There seemed to be little love lost on both sides.
Barbee made the case that there was already a network of nine private organic certifiers to provide the same services as the NDA, citing that nearly half of the producers certified in the state do so through these auxiliary certifiers and that California, the country's largest producer, has no state-run program.
Nicole Sallaberry, Rob Holley, Rick Latin, who are on the state's Organic Advisory Council, warned the board of the hardship that smaller to mid-range local producers would face paying the much steeper cost for private organic certification. They urged the board to act in solidarity with the organic farmers and support them as they continued to establish their presence in the state.
“I know, having long, long experience with (the) state budgeting process…that $65,000 oversights are just not something that, in my line of work, has ever been acceptable,” Holley said. “We had not been made aware that (the program was in jeopardy).”
Ultimately the organic producers, despite their impassioned pleas for more time, only yielded two Boards of Agriculture votes in their favor, a ruling that left some in tears.
Prior to the meeting today, Amber Sallaberry of the Great Basin Food Co-op, said:
“We have been providing information about the Organic Certification Program at the Nevada Dept. of Agriculture (NDA) for the past couple of months. Unfortunately, we have learned that the organics program is and was already dead. To make matters worse, a plan has been in place for its demise since last year.”
NDA said it will continue to support the program until June 30, 2016, with promises to help the producers transition to private certifiers.
A research team led by astronomers and astrophysicists at the University of Warwick have found that some of the Universe's loneliest supernovae are likely created by the collisions of white dwarf stars into neutron stars.
Dr Joseph Lyman from the University of Warwick is the lead researcher on the paper, The progenitors of calcium-rich transients are not formed in situ, published today by the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
"Our paper examines so-called `calcium-rich' transients" says Dr Lyman. "These are luminous explosions that last on the timescales of weeks, however, they're not as bright and don't last as long as traditional supernovae, which makes them difficult to discover and study in detail."
Previous studies had shown that calcium comprised up to half of the material thrown off in such explosions compared to only a tiny fraction in normal supernovae. This means that these curious events may actually be the dominant producers of calcium in our universe.
"One of the weirdest aspects is that they seem to explode in unusual places. For example, if you look at a galaxy, you expect any explosions to roughly be in line with the underlying light you see from that galaxy, since that is where the stars are" comments Dr Lyman. "However, a large fraction of these are exploding at huge distances from their galaxies, where the number of stellar systems is miniscule.
"What we address in the paper is whether there are any systems underneath where these transients have exploded, for example there could be very faint dwarf galaxies there, explaining the weird locations. We present observations, going just about as faint as you can go, to show there is in fact nothing at the location of these transients -- so the question becomes, how did they get there?"
Calcium-rich transients observed to date can be seen tens of thousands of parsecs away from any potential host galaxy, with a third of these events at least 65 thousand light years from a potential host galaxy.
The researchers used the Very Large Telescope in Chile and Hubble Space Telescope observations of the nearest examples of these calcium rich transients to attempt to detect anything left behind or in the surrounding area of the explosion.
The deep observations taken allowed them to rule out the presence of faint dwarf galaxies or globular star clusters at the locations of these nearest examples. Furthermore, an explanation for core-collapse supernovae, which calcium-rich transients resemble, although fainter, is the collapse of a massive star in a binary system where material is stripped from the massive star undergoing collapse. The researchers found no evidence for a surviving binary companion or other massive stars in the vicinity, allowing them to reject massive stars as the progenitors of calcium rich transients.
Professor Andrew Levan from the University of Warwick's Department of Physics and a researcher on the paper said: "It was increasingly looking like hypervelocity massive stars could not explain the locations of these supernovae. They must be lowed mass longer lived stars, but still in some sort of binary systems as there is no known way that a single low mass star can go supernova by itself, or create an event that would look like a supernova." The researchers then compared their data to what is known about short-duration gamma ray bursts (SGRBs). These are also often seen to explode in remote locations with no coincident galaxy detected. SGRBs are understood to occur when two neutron stars collide, or when a neutron star merges with a black hole -- this has been backed up by the detection of a 'kilonova' accompanying a SGRB thanks to work led by Professor Nial Tanvir, a collaborator on this study. Although neutron star and black hole mergers would not explain these brighter calcium rich transients, the research team considered that if the collision was instead between a white dwarf star and neutron star, it would fit their observations and analysis as it:
Would provide enough energy to generate the luminosity of calcium rich transients.
The presence of a white dwarf would provide a mechanism to produce calcium rich material.
The presence of the Neutron star could explain why this binary star system was found so far from a host galaxy.
Dr Lyman said: "What we therefore propose is these are systems that have been ejected from their galaxy. A good candidate in this scenario is a white dwarf and a neutron star in a binary system. The neutron star is formed when a massive star goes supernova. The mechanism of the supernova explosion causes the neutron star to be `kicked' to very high velocities (100s of km/s). This high velocity system can then escape its galaxy, and if the binary system survives the kick, the white dwarf and neutron star will merge causing the explosive transient."
The researchers note that such merging systems of white dwarfs and neutron stars are postulated to produce high energy gamma-ray bursts, motivating further observations of any new examples of calcium rich transients to confirm this. Additionally, such merging systems will contribute significant sources of gravitational waves, potentially detectable by upcoming experiments that will shed further light on the nature of these exotic systems.
Image copyright Fan Peng-Fei Image caption The gibbons live high up in the canopies of the tropical rainforests of China
A gibbon living in the tropical forests of south west China is a new species of primate, scientists have concluded.
The animal has been studied for some time, but new research confirms it is different from all other gibbons.
It has been named the Skywalker hoolock gibbon - partly because the Chinese characters of its scientific name mean "Heaven's movement" but also because the scientists are fans of Star Wars.
The study is published in the American Journal of Primatology.
Dr Sam Turvey, from the Zoological Society of London, who was part of the team studying the apes, told BBC News: "In this area, so many species have declined or gone extinct because of habitat loss, hunting and general human overpopulation.
"So it's an absolute privilege to see something as special and as rare as a gibbon in a canopy in a Chinese rainforest, and especially when it turns out that the gibbons are actually a new species previously unrecognised by science."
Image copyright Fan Peng-Fei Image caption The researchers began to suspect the Yunnan Province gibbons were different
Hoolock gibbons are found in Bangladesh, India, China and Myanmar. They spend most of their time living in the treetops, swinging through the forests with their forelimbs, rarely spending any time on the ground.
But the research team - led by Fan Peng-Fei from Sun Yat-sen University in China - started to suspect that the animals they were studying in China's Yunnan Province were unusual.
All hoolock gibbons have white eyebrows and some have white beards - but the Chinese primates' markings differed in appearance.
Their songs, which they use to bond with other gibbons and to mark out their territory, also had an unusual ring.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Actor Mark Hamill tweeted the news
So the team carried out a full physical and genetic comparison with other gibbons, which confirmed that the primates were indeed a different species.
They have been given the scientific name of Hoolock tianxing - but their common name is now the Skywalker hoolock gibbon, thanks to the scientists' taste in films.
Image copyright Fan Peng-Fei Image caption The animals are now known as Skywalker hoolock gibbons
Dr Turvey said the team had been studying the animals in the Gaoligongshan nature reserve, but it was not easy.
"It's difficult to get into the reserve. You have to hike up to above 2,500m to find the gibbons. That's where the good quality forest usually starts - everywhere below there has been logged.
"Then you have to wake up really early in the morning and you listen out for the haunting song of the gibbons, which carries in the forest canopy.
"And when you hear it, you rush through the mud and the mist, and run for hundreds of metres to try and catch up with these gibbons."
The researchers estimate that there are about 200 of the Skywalker gibbons living in China - and also some living in neighbouring Myanmar, although the population size there is currently unknown.
The team warns that the primates are at risk of extinction.
"The low number of surviving animals and the threat they face from habitat loss, habitat fragmentation and hunting means we think they should be classified as an endangered species," said Dr Turvey.
In response to the news, actor Mark Hamill - the original Luke Skywalker - said on Twitter that he was so proud to have a new jungle Jedi named after his character.
Follow Rebecca on Twitter.
The new 301-foot-tall WindSeeker tower swing ride at Knott's Berry Farm combines the exhilaration and tranquility a bird must feel soaring amid the clouds.
The ever-changing view from the lazily spinning ride provides the perspective of a circling hawk hovering on a thermal updraft.
Down below, the bustling freeway traffic and suburban sprawl stretch endlessly to the ocean and mountains and beyond to the horizon as the wind whips your hair.
> Photos: WindSeeker at Knott's Berry Farm
The oft-delayed ride "soft opened" last week and is expected to make its official debut in the coming days.
The $5-million prototype WindSeeker attraction at Knott's offers a towering new twist on a classic carnival ride: the wave swinger, a staple on any midway and at every theme park.
The main difference is height. As opposed to the 30-foot elevation of your average wave swinger, WindSeeker takes riders up 30 stories to a place usually reserved for high-rise office workers, hovering helicopters and thrill-seeking coaster riders.
Indeed, WindSeeker riders look down on the Xcelerator (205 feet), Silver Bullet (146 feet) and GhostRider (105 feet) roller coasters. Only the 312-foot-tall Supreme Scream drop tower stands taller than WindSeeker.
With a 52-inch height requirement, WindSeeker is perfect for the tween set in search of thrills. My 11-year-old daughter, Hannah, loved WindSeeker because it combined the spinning swings of a wave swinger (one of her all-time favorite rides) with the enticing height of Supreme Scream (minus the death-defying drops, which terrified her).
I recommend riding WindSeeker after dark when a lighting package illuminates the ride's support arms with a pulsating tie-dyed array of swirling colors as the nightscape twinkles below. Earthbound visitors can enjoy the impressive nighttime spectacular from anywhere in the park.
I loved WindSeeker and will ride it every time I visit Knott's. But I would be remiss if I didn't explain the problems the Buena Park theme park faced in getting its new summer ride open before summer came to a close.
Cedar Fair, Knott's parent company, installed identical WindSeeker rides in 2011 at Cedar Point and Kings Island in Ohio and Canada's Wonderland outside Toronto.
Knott's got off to a slow start when the original plan to replace the 225-foot-tall Sky Cabin with WindSeeker was scrapped in favor of preserving the venerable but aging gyro observation tower and relocating WindSeeker to the Fiesta Village area of the park. The last-minute change put a serious crimp in plans to open WindSeeker by Memorial Day weekend, the traditional start of summer.
As is common with any prototype ride, technical issues arose as WindSeeker opened during the summer at the other Cedar Fair parks. Solutions had to be incorporated into Knott's version of the ride, causing further delays.
I rode WindSeeker at Cedar Point during our road trip this summer across America's Coaster Belt and at Knott's this past weekend. I wouldn't get on any ride if I thought it was unsafe. And while WindSeeker has been both frustrating and embarrassing for Knott's, I know the park's primary concern is always safety.
In the end, I'd say WindSeeker was well worth the wait.
With the first day of early voting 20 days away, the race for Louisiana's open U.S. Senate seat is starting to solidify. The top candidates to outpace the herd of two dozen hopefuls are plotting the courses they believe will carry them through Election Day.
Their strategies were on full display as the latest round of ads hit the airwaves in recent days and again Monday evening (Oct. 3) as three Republicans and two Democrats volleyed questions for two hours at a forum at the Abita Springs Town Hall.
Louisiana Senate candidates square off in wide-ranging Abita Springs debate President Barack Obama wasn't on stage Monday (Oct. 3) for the Louisiana Senate debate in Abita Springs Town Hall, but the three Republican candidates there made certain he was a common target.
State Treasurer John Kennedy, the putative frontrunner, hasn't gone on the offensive, avoiding direct attacks on opponents so far. A former Democrat who switched to the GOP nine years ago, he has come to favor several rhetorical tropes of the political right in his public appearances.
"We have too many undeserving people at the top getting bailouts. We have too many undeserving people at the bottom getting handouts, and the rest of us in the middle get stuck with the bill," he repeated at Monday's forum.
Kennedy also sprinkled in a little bombast. Asked about how to address tensions between the police and African-American communities, he took aim at the Black Lives Matter movement.
"Everybody's life matters," Kennedy said. "And if you happen to hate cops just because they're cops, then the next time you get in trouble you ought to call a crackhead."
Tightening polls, however, may prevent Kennedy from holding his fire much longer. The super PAC supporting him, ESAFund, launched an ad last week targeting his two strongest Republican rivals, U.S. Reps. Charles Boustany of Lafayette and John Fleming of Minden. The PAC spent $296,685 in September on research and marketing against the two sitting congressmen, and another $112,420 in support of Kennedy, federal campaign records show.
Boustany was a no-show at Monday's forum because of a scheduling conflict, his campaign said. But he launched several ads last month to boost his name recognition. They appear to have worked. He has reached a statistical tie with Kennedy, according to an independent poll by Southern Media & Opinion Research.
He also dinged Kennedy in an ad last week, using images from the treasurer's own campaign spot to criticize his tenure as treasurer.
Fleming brought out the GOP bogeyman of entitlement programs Monday as the source of America's budget woes. He presented them as obstacles to projects such as coastal restoration. He continued to tout his conservative bona fides as a founding member of the House Freedom Caucus. He considers former House Speaker John Boehner's resignation a skin on his wall, where he would also like to hang John Koskinen, the IRS commissioner. Fleming moved to impeach Koskinen this year.
Fleming took a veiled swipe at Kennedy after the state treasurer had rattled off a list of federally financed projects he considered superfluous.
"If you add them all up they won't make a dent on our federal deficit," Fleming said before launching again into an excoriation of entitlement programs.
Public Service Commissioner Foster Campbell, a Democrat, did not stray from his populist roots. He called himself a consumer advocate Monday, and repeated his mistrust of the "special interests."
"I can tell you I'm on the people's side," Campbell said.
Campbell and fellow Democrat Caroline Fayard, his chief rival launched competing ads this week that say much the same things: Both support raising the minimum wage, equal pay for women and more affordable education. But Campbell stuck to his play Monday to goad all the candidates into releasing their tax returns.
2016 Louisiana Senate race: Democrats snipe over personal finances With less than a month to go before early votes are cast in the 2016 Louisiana Senate race, sniping between the top two Democrats has taken on the quality of an air hockey match. Public Service Commissioner Foster Campbell and New...
"I'm the only one at this table who's let people see what I make. I challenge the rest of you guys and Ms. Fayard to put your tax returns out there, he said. "Put your money where your mouth is and let's see where you're money comes from and how much taxes you pay."
After Fayard brought up reports that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump went years without paying federal income taxes, Campbell's campaign repeated Campbell's demand over Twitter.
The super PAC Defend Louisiana, dropped $53,000 in September to aid Campbell as he tries to knock off Fayard.
Fayard swiftly slipped into her preferred groove Monday, technocratically deciphering the reach and limits of a senator's legislating power to the town hall audience. She expressed support for lifting the spending cap on a 2006 law that will begin steering some oil revenue for coastal restoration to four Gulf states next year -- a cause championed by Republican Sen. Bill Cassidy this year. She described penalties under the Natural Resources Damage Assessment process, which evaluates destruction from oil spills and other disasters, as another potential source of money.
While she has blanketed radio airwaves for months, Fayard is just getting into the television advertising game this week, her campaign has announced. She launched her first ad Tuesday online,* which has her walking behind a line of children and touting a raise in the federal minimum wage, equal pay for women, affordable education and jobs.
As much a symptom of his charging personality as, perhaps, his anemic standings in the polls, retired Air Force Col. Rob Maness took on the role of a pugilist. After the other four candidates had expressed general support for Israel in the hypothetical event of an Iranian attack, he pounced.
"Am I the only Constitution-loving American at this table?" he asked, launching into an explanation of Congress' role in determining how and when war is waged.
"I have three sons in the military, ladies and gentlemen, and I'm going to go to Congress to fight for the Constitution and to fight for them so that their sacrifices to this country are not unnecessarily used up by people who ... do believe the president of the United States can commit troops to combat without proper authorization from Congress," Maness said.
But it was Fayard who left the forum Monday with an impression of verbal fisticuffs yet to come.
"You can elect a hothead, you can elect a bully, you can elect someone in the pocket of special interests or you can look to the future," she said, not specifying which of the candidates she thought wore each label.
*CLARIFICATION: A previous version of this story may have left readers with the impression that Caroline Fayard's campaign has an ad running on television. That ad is presently running online with plans to launch on television later this week, according to her campaign. The story above has been clarified.
Wenlock & Mandeville (This challenge is now closed)
"Wenlock and Mandeville will help inspire kids to strive to be the best they can be." That's what officials are saying about London's Olympic mascots. We're saying Photoshop them. Mercilessly.
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 19:22) "Wenlock and Mandeville will help inspire kids to strive to be the best they can be." That's what officials are saying about London's Olympic mascots. We're saying Photoshop them. Mercilessly.( , Wed 19 May 2010, 19:22)
Pages: 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 (or see the latest posts)
I found this etc.
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 20:16, ( , Wed 19 May 2010, 20:16, More
jobs for the boys...
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 18:14, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 18:14, More
was gonna post this sooner
but turns out i hadta wait 3 eons after i registered until i could make my first post. silly internet, enjoy the labours of my fruits.
( , Tue 25 May 2010, 12:07, but turns out i hadta wait 3 eons after i registered until i could make my first post. silly internet, enjoy the labours of my fruits.( , Tue 25 May 2010, 12:07, More
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 19:23, ( , Wed 19 May 2010, 19:23, More
They could've at least come up with something original.
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 20:57, ( , Wed 19 May 2010, 20:57, More
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 22:46, ( , Wed 19 May 2010, 22:46, More
Odd, them turning up all of a sudden...
( , Fri 21 May 2010, 11:31, ( , Fri 21 May 2010, 11:31, More
oooh...you lucky bastard!
( , Mon 24 May 2010, 20:55, ( , Mon 24 May 2010, 20:55, More
There's trouble down t'lympic village
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 13:06, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 13:06, More
Oh look kids, here come Hemlock and Mandible!
THEY WOULD LIKE TO PLAY WITH YOU
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 1:25, THEY WOULD LIKE TO PLAY WITH YOU( , Thu 20 May 2010, 1:25, More
In association with Ann Summers the Olympic committee offer a selection of his & hers sex toys.
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 10:48, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 10:48, More
Monster!!
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 11:32, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 11:32, More
Jemlock and Horseville....
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 9:14, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 9:14, More
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 23:14, ( , Wed 19 May 2010, 23:14, More
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 5:53, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 5:53, More
there goes the neighbourhood...
( , Thu 20 May 2010, 0:27, ( , Thu 20 May 2010, 0:27, More
you don't get much meat on a womble
also, not worth its own thread
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 20:31, also, not worth its own thread( , Wed 19 May 2010, 20:31, More
bip
( , Fri 21 May 2010, 12:52, ( , Fri 21 May 2010, 12:52, More
Well, this was the first thing I saw
( , Wed 19 May 2010, 23:44, ( , Wed 19 May 2010, 23:44, More
... Really, what is it?
NASA/JPL-Caltech/Malin Space Science Systems and Pokomeda
Mars is, on the one hand, a source of unending fascination. It is, after all, Mars. And we're exploring it with, you know, a nuclear-powered robot that leaves Morse code in its tracks. But Mars, on the other hand -- and no offense to it or to said robot -- is also a source of unending ... unendingness. It is dusty and hilly and rocky and red, mile after mile. Lather, rinse, repeat.
Except. Every once in a while -- and there have been several of those "onces" in a not-very-long "while" -- Curiosity happens upon something that is not red, and not dusty, and not necessarily rocky. There was December's "Mars Flower," a pebble-sized white-ish object that some thought to be a fossil, and some thought to be a rock, and some thought to be a piece of errant plastic from Curiosity itself. (The jury is still out on what the object actually is -- though it's pretty safe to say that it is not, in fact, some kind of Martian marigold.)
And now we have another Martian Mystery Object -- this one a thing that looks suspiciously like a hunk of metal. Curiosity detected it, through a high-res image taken from its Mastcam, on Sol 173 (January 30 in Earth days). Universe Today calls the object "a small metallic-looking protuberance" -- it resembles a thick, bent nail, sticking out of the Martian surface -- and it is visible in part because it projects a tiny little shadow on the rock below.
Flickr/2di7 & titanio44
A tiny shadow, though -- the "protuberance" in question is probably only about 0.5 cm, or a fifth of an inch, in height. Elisabetta Bonora, an image editing enthusiast, noticed the object and pointed it out to Universe Today. Here it is, via Bonora's Flickr feed, zoomed waaaaaaaay in:
So ... what is it? It could be iron -- perhaps from a meteorite, Planetsave speculates. (The iron seems not to be oxidized, which would track with the low levels of oxygen present in the Martian atmosphere.) The object could also be something that has "grown" on the rock below it, says Universe Today. The fact that it doesn't seem to be covered in dust, however -- the thing, per this photo, is shiny -- would give further credence to the metal theory, since metallic surfaces tend to resist dust more easily than other materials do.
A case of mad cow disease has been found in a dairy cow in Alberta, the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) confirmed to CBC News on Friday.
The agency said the case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), a fatal brain disease, was found on Feb. 18 in a six-year-old dairy cow. The CFIA didn't plan on making the case public until March 10, even though information about the infected cow was common knowledge in the industry for two weeks, according to The Canadian Press.
The cow has been destroyed, and no part of its carcass entered the human food or animal feed systems.
Canada is a controlled BSE risk country, CFIA spokeswoman Alice d'Anjou said, meaning a confirmed case of mad cow disease shouldn't have an impact on the export of cattle or beef.
"The detection of a small number of additional BSE cases is fully expected as Canada continues progression to the eradication of the disease," the CFIA said in a statement.
To apply for negligible risk status, a country has to have no cases for 11 years after the birth year of the youngest animal diagnosed.
No harm to global beef trade
John Masswohl, of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, said the new case should not hurt Canada's global beef trade. He said Canada can still apply for negligible risk status in 2015.
A full investigation under international BSE guidelines has begun. The animal's birth farm has been identified, and the CFIA said the age and location of the infected animal were consistent with previous cases of BSE found in Canada.
The farm where the dairy cow was found is under quarantine as officials test the feed and other animals in the herd for the disease.
Dr. Gerald Hauer, Alberta's chief veterinarian, said any animals that were born on the farm or shared the same feed as the infected cow will be destroyed.
"Public health was clearly protected here. There is no risk from this cow. It is extremely unlikely that you would get a second case on the farm," Hauer said.
The case will also be reported to the World Organization for Animal Health.
There were four confirmed cases of BSE in Canada in 2008, one in 2009 and one in 2010.
The latest case is Canada's 18th since 2003.
Woman says Wi-Fi allergy killed her daughter
Is the signal from a router enough to make you seriously ill? Is the signal from a router enough to make you seriously ill? Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Woman says Wi-Fi allergy killed her daughter 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A mother in England is claiming a crippling allergy to Wi-Fi exacerbated by school routers compelled her 15-year-old daughter to end her life.
Jenny Fry committed suicide earlier this year, and her mother Debra says she left behind letters saying "she couldn't cope with her allergies from wifi anymore." Fry says her daughter suffered from electro-hypersensitivity (EHS), a condition that made Jenny tired and gave her headaches and bladder problems.
The World Health Organization issued a report on EHS in 2005 that said: "EHS is characterized by a variety of non-specific symptoms that differ from individual to individual. The symptoms are certainly real and can vary widely in their severity ... EHS has no clear diagnostic criteria and there is no scientific basis to link EHS symptoms to EMF exposure.
"Further, EHS is not a medical diagnosis, nor is it clear that it represents a single medical problem."
Debra Fry alleged at an inquest that her daughter's school was made aware of her condition and did nothing to help her. Her mother says that Jenny was seated near routers and would often have to disappear from the classroom to find "unused classrooms" where she could work. The school punished her with detention for leaving the classroom, her mother claims.
"As soon as Jenny walked away from a router she felt instantly better so she was almost hunting out areas of the school which weren't covered by Wi-Fi just to do her work," Fry told the Telegraph. "I remember saying to the school 'if someone had a peanut allergy you wouldn't make them work surrounded by peanuts'."
Oxfordshire coroner Darren Salter said there were no medical notes proving that Jenny was diagnosed with EHS, and Jenny's school says its Wi-Fi routers were up to code.
There is a legal precedent for winning damages from Wi-Fi allergies. In August, a French court awarded a woman $32,000 after she said she was forced to move out of the city to escape the constant wireless emissions.
England's public health department, however, argues there is no evidence Wi-Fi exposure causes "acute symptoms." Jenny Fry's family has started a campaign to raise awareness for EHS and seeks to change the use of routers in schools.
"Just because Wi-Fi is new and all around us doesn't mean it is safe," Debra Fry said. "Wi-Fi and children do not mix. Much more research needs to be done into this because I believe that Wi-Fi killed my daughter."
Homes and buildings chilled without air conditioners. Car interiors that don't heat up in the summer sun. Tapping the frigid expanses of outer space to cool the planet. Science fiction, you say? Well, maybe not any more.
A team of researchers at Stanford has designed an entirely new form of cooling structure that cools even when the sun is shining. Such a structure could vastly improve the daylight cooling of buildings, cars and other structures by reflecting sunlight back into the chilly vacuum of space. Their paper describing the device was published March 5 in Nano Letters.
“People usually see space as a source of heat from the sun, but away from the sun outer space is really a cold, cold place,” explained Shanhui Fan, professor of electrical engineering and the paper's senior author. “We've developed a new type of structure that reflects the vast majority of sunlight, while at the same time it sends heat into that coldness, which cools manmade structures even in the day time.”
The trick, from an engineering standpoint, is two-fold. First, the reflector has to reflect as much of the sunlight as possible. Poor reflectors absorb too much sunlight, heating up in the process and defeating the purpose of cooling.
The second challenge is that the structure must efficiently radiate heat back into space. Thus, the structure must emit thermal radiation very efficiently within a specific wavelength range in which the atmosphere is nearly transparent. Outside this range, Earth's atmosphere simply reflects the light back down. Most people are familiar with this phenomenon. It's better known as the greenhouse effect—the cause of global climate change.
Two goals in one
The new structure accomplishes both goals. It is an effective a broadband mirror for solar light—it reflects most of the sunlight. It also emits thermal radiation very efficiently within the crucial wavelength range needed to escape Earth's atmosphere.
Radiative cooling at nighttime has been studied extensively as a mitigation strategy for climate change, yet peak demand for cooling occurs in the daytime.
“No one had yet been able to surmount the challenges of daytime radiative cooling—of cooling when the sun is shining,” said Eden Rephaeli, a doctoral candidate in Fan's lab and a co-first-author of the paper. “It's a big hurdle.”
The Stanford team has succeeded where others have come up short by turning to nanostructured photonic materials. These materials can be engineered to enhance or suppress light reflection in certain wavelengths.
“We've taken a very different approach compared to previous efforts in this field,” said Aaswath Raman, a doctoral candidate in Fan's lab and a co-first-author of the paper. “We combine the thermal emitter and solar reflector into one device, making it both higher performance and much more robust and practically relevant. In particular, we're very excited because this design makes viable both industrial-scale and off-grid applications.”
Using engineered nanophotonic materials the team was able to strongly suppress how much heat-inducing sunlight the panel absorbs, while it radiates heat very efficiently in the key frequency range necessary to escape Earth's atmosphere. The material is made of quartz and silicon carbide, both very weak absorbers of sunlight.
Net cooling power
The new device is capable of achieving a net cooling power in excess of 100 watts per square meter. By comparison, today's standard 10-percent-efficient solar panels generate the about the same amount of power. That means Fan's radiative cooling panels could theoretically be substituted on rooftops where existing solar panels feed electricity to air conditioning systems needed to cool the building.
To put it a different way, a typical one-story, single-family house with just 10 percent of its roof covered by radiative cooling panels could offset 35 percent its entire air conditioning needs during the hottest hours of the summer.
Radiative cooling has another profound advantage over all other cooling strategy such as air-conditioner. It is a passive technology. It requires no energy. It has no moving parts. It is easy to maintain. You put it on the roof or the sides of buildings and it starts working immediately.
A changing vision of cooling
Beyond the commercial implications, Fan and his collaborators foresee a broad potential social impact. Much of the human population on Earth lives in sun-drenched regions huddled around the equator. Electrical demand to drive air conditioners is skyrocketing in these places, presenting an economic and an environmental challenge. These areas tend to be poor and the power necessary to drive cooling usually means fossil-fuel power plants that compound the greenhouse gas problem.
“In addition to these regions, we can foresee applications for radiative cooling in off-the-grid areas of the developing world where air conditioning is not even possible at this time. There are large numbers of people who could benefit from such systems,” Fan said.
Andrew Myers is associate director of communications for the Stanford University School of Engineering.
Shanhui Fan, professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University
Photo via US Central Command
Reacting to fear and unease surrounding a raft of security hacks on Sony Pictures and other major US corporations—not to mention the compromised social media accounts at US Central Command on Monday —the White House has spent a lot of time this week pushing a raft of new cybersecurity regulations and initiatives. Officials say the new proposals—which include legislation that would incentivize private companies into voluntarily sharing data with one another and with the government—would provide much-needed protection to stop attacks. However, cybersecurity experts argue the proposals are at best a soft response to the country's core data security issues, and could potentially weaken or even criminalize academic and private sector research and communication on software vulnerabilities.
Let's start with the good. As cybersecurity technologist Davi Ottenheimer notes, the president's plan to streamline the tangle of consumer data breach notification deadlines is a promising new measure. A 30-day timeline for notifying consumers that their data has been breached may strike a balance between consumer transparency and the needs of law enforcement investigators. The administration has also invested in better information sharing that it argues will remove a critical stumbling block that has previously hindered security cooperation between the private sector and national security agencies. No longer will company fear liability for sharing relevant information with the Department of Homeland Security.
However, information security reporter and analyst Brian Krebs points out a sad but obvious problem with Obama's plan: It does not address the most significant problem with getting private companies to share their data. That is, what is the incentive for private sector entities to embrace stronger security practices? This is especially pertinent in light of the disturbing prevalence of breaches caused by companies failing to adhere to even basic security precautions. The Sony hack in particular, whatever its origin, can be largely explained by the movie studio's lack of appreciation for security engineers' concerns and recommendations. Such a cavalier attitude is neither novel nor difficult to understand—data security is expensive, and consumers ultimately pay for functionality, not protection.
Moreover, it's not clear that greater government and private sector cooperation is the most relevant communication problem facing the US. Experts have observed that a larger and more pervasive problem is that corporations are not very good about communicating with developers and consumers about bugs and privacy concerns. They also have a lot of trouble collaborating among themselves on such issues, which further hurts customers.
Other aspects of Obama's proposals could very well be hurt the country's cybersecurity. Technologists have always loathed the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA), seeing it as both dangerously vague and unnecessarily punitive. The current CFAA prohibits three kinds of unauthorized computer access: subverting a technological access barrier (breaking into someone's computer), violating a term of service or an employee contract, and murky "norms-based" actions that violate some generally accepted social practice.
Courts have routinely stretched the CFAA, a prominent example of which can be found in the Aaron Swartz case. Swartz used a pseudonym to bulk-download academic journal articles from JSTOR, taking numerous steps to regain access when he was blocked for doing so. He was slapped with 13 felony counts, some of which suggested he was "recklessly damaging... a protected computer." However, MIT, the academic institution in question, and JSTOR did not have any interest in prosecuting Swartz. The CFAA, on the other hand, provided justification for the feds to intervene, with tragic results.
The CFAA has also impacted information security research and reporting as well. So-called "full disclosure" of online security vulnerabilities—the widespread practice of publicly outing problems in order to force vendors into fixing security issues— constitutes a criminal offense under the CFAA. Indeed, hacker Andrew "Weev" Aurenheimer infamously got into hot water for discovering a vulnerability in the iPad.
Far from addressing the flaws in the law, it's possible that Obama's new security proposals will actually make the problem much worse. In fact, ErrataSec researcher Robert Graham blogged that the new regulations amount to an effective declaration of a "war on hackers." He points out that if the new regulations go through, it would become a felony to intentionally access "unauthorized information" even if it had been posted to a public website. In other words, clicking on links to some of the information leaked during the recent CENTCOM hack could be a crime. Additionally, Graham explains that the new regulations make it a crime to exchange private information—which could be interpreted as merely posting a link.
Unfortunately that's just the beginning. Obama has called for the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization (RICO) act to be applied to cybercrimes. Originally designed as a blunt instrument to attack gangs and mobsters, law enforcement have applied RICO liberally, using it to dismantle youth crews through social media posts, for example. If applied to cybercrime, Graham observes, hanging around a chatroom with someone the government thinks is a malicious hacker might make you an accomplice.
So while Obama's focus on information-sharing and consumer support is welcome, Sony-like breaches will occur as long as companies neglect investment in security. And the proposals could set a dangerous precedent for information-sharing, limiting information to corporations and the government—neither of which have been very good at figuring out their cyber problems—while silencing and perhaps criminalizing the efforts of security researchers looking to uncover vulnerabilities in the software and systems the country depends on.
Adam Elkus is a PhD student in computational social science at George Mason University and a columnist at War on the Rocks. He has published articles on defense, international security, and technology at CTOVision, The Atlantic, the West Point Combating Terrorism Center's Sentinel, and Foreign Policy. Follow him on Twitter
CCTV footage shows assassination of North Korean leader's half-brother
February 22, 2017 by Joseph Fitsanakis
A Japanese television channel has aired footage showing the alleged assassination of the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who died in Malaysia on Monday. Investigators believe that Kim Jong-nam, half-brother of North Korea's supreme leader, and grandson of North Korea's founder Kim Il-Sung, died after being deliberately poisoned by two women at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Shortly prior to his death, he reported that two women approached him at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport and splashed his face with liquid poison —though some reports suggest that he was injected with a poisoned needle. According to Malaysian media, Kim was about to board a flight to Macau, where he had been living in exile since 2007. American and South Korean officials believe that he was killed on orders of the North Korean government in Pyongyang.
The footage —seen here in its entirety— is low quality and appears to have been taken from closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras at the airport. It was aired by Fuji TV, a Japanese television station based in Tokyo, Japan. The filmed sequence shows a man dressed in blue jeans, dark blue shirt and gray jacket, who closely resembles Kim, heading toward the low-budget departures hall of the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. In subsequent footage he is shown being grabbed from behind by a woman wearing a white long-sleeved shirt, while another woman rapidly approaches him and assaults him from the front. The woman standing behind him appears to quickly put her hands over his face and pull rapidly backwards. The entire attack sequence lasts no more than two seconds, after which both women rapidly walk away. A stunned Kim then hurriedly stumbles away from the scene of the attack, and is seen approaching airport personnel. They direct him to a group of police officers. Another camera shows him trying to describe to the officers the attack that just took place, pointing to his face with his hands. The officers are then seen escorting him to a secure area of the airport.
Fuji TV did not reveal how it acquired the footage, and the connection between it and the death of Kim has not been independently verified or commented on by Malaysian authorities. However, regional observers have confirmed that the airport shown in the footage is indeed the low-budget departures hall of the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Malaysian authorities have arrested four people, two men and two women, in connection with the attack. One of the men carries a North Korean passport; the other man carries a Malaysian passport, while the two women are in possession of Vietnamese and Indonesian travel documents. Authorities in Kuala Lumpur say they are still looking for four North Korean men who appear to have left the country shortly after the attack on Kim.
► Author: Joseph Fitsanakis | Date: 22 February 2017 | Permalink
Advertisements
Ryse: Son of Rome has been the center of attention from media and gamers alike ever since it was confirmed to be running natively at 900p resolution instead of a native 1080p on the Xbox One. In an interview with Eurogamer, Ryse's Design Director, P J Esteves, said that if some of the best rendering programmers in the world would sit down and look at the difference between 900p and 1080p, they would point out that the difference is infinitesimal.
The difference between 900 and 1080 it's like… when some of the best rendering programmers in the world, when we sit down and look at the difference and they're like, no, 900 is fine, the difference is infinitesimal that you're not going to really recognise it.
Esteves also stated that if one was to take a high-end PC running a game and compare it to Ryse: Son of Rome, he would go like wow, both look spectacular irrespective of their resolutions.
I guarantee you, if you take a high-end PC running a game and you look at the graphics comparison between that and Ryse, you're going to go, wow, they both look really good! It's about the art. It's a lot less to do with the actual specs and more to do with what you do with those specs.
Esteves also commented on the power of cloud computing and what it can offer the Xbox One. Technically, the Xbox One can pull off 10,000 AIs on screen at the same time because of “a bunch of really high-end PCs” available for cloud computing. He stated that this is their first game and if Crytek can pull off such spectacular stuff with their first game, you can only imagine what they can pull off with their next game when they start wrapping their heads around for the second generation.
I've been telling people, guys, this is just the first game. If we can do this on the first game, can you imagine the second generation, once we really start wrapping our head around what the cloud can do? I joke, dude, if I can do 10,000 AI, and I use the cloud to compute the processing power, then you bet your ass you're going to have a battle with 10,000 AI in it, because that's what we want to do. Technically it's possible. It is possible. You could do it. It makes total sense. You have a bunch of really high-end PCs on the cloud computing stuff. It's just a matter of having the right engine and renderer to actually pull it off.
Looks like Crytek will be betting on Xbox One's cloud computing soon for their next game to achieve more marvels.
Updated Deck Link:
Hello and welcome...This is my personal deck that I play and that has become infamous at my local shop. I've spent many hours into play testing and building this deck. After many games, I have retired this deck due to lack of people willing to play against me. In my meta, This deck is (Tier 1)...And I haven't lost an online game yet. Like always, constructive criticism and recommendations are welcomed. Everyone is different and this may or may not be a good base for you to start your own Mono Black deck. I do know that EDH is mainly a social and friendly enviorment, with fun interactions and lots of laughter. However this deck disregards those ideas, and Is not recommended for casual play. Without any more delay, Here is the deck run through.
*Why would you play this deck?: It's a straight up control/prison deck that locks everyone out of having fun...Then combos out late game if desired. It's a complete troll player's wet dream. It has access to tutors, draw, mass/spot removal, and isn't reliant on your commander.
*Why wouldn't you play this deck?: Your meta is keen on mass artifact removal. EDH is your way to making new friends, and you don't like bringing hate to the table.
An original combo by me:
Necropotence + Rings of Brighthearth + Soul Conduit : Activate Soul Conduit then use Rings of Brighthearth to copy the ability. Each one will resolve separately, for each ability...Use Necropotence to drop yourself to 1 life prior to exchanging life. End result will be putting yourself to the highest life total and two of your opponents at 1 Life. Also in the process, You get all the pieces needed to finish the game through Necropotence.
Mono Black version of to Enter the Infinite + Omniscience Combo:
Basalt Monolith + Rings of Brighthearth + Sensei's Divining Top Then use Mycosynth Lattice. How it works: You create "Infinite Mana" with Basalt Monolith + Rings of Brighthearth , then you use Rings of Brighthearth to copy the draw ability on Sensei's Divining Top. This allows you to draw a card, then the second copy allows you to get "Top" back. Recast "Top" with the "Infinite Mana", And rinse and repeat by drawing your whole deck. Finally cast Mycosynth Lattice to play all your "Non-Land" spells.
Reset the Game:
Necropotence + Possessed Portal , If you didn't know this already...Necropotence doesn't draw you cards, It puts them into your hand. Since Possessed Portal effects all players at the end of EACH player's turn, It will "Win" you a multiplayer game in 3 turns or fewer.
Unlimited Colorless mana. Plus a win cons.
Basalt Monolith + Rings of Brighthearth : Pay 2 to use Rings of Brighthearth to copy the untap ability of Basalt Monolith. It allows you to tap it twice to create 6 manas. Use 3 mana to untap Basalt Monolith, then 2 manas to reuse the ability of Rings of Brighthearth on Basalt Monolith to continue the loop...It nets you 1 colorless mana each time. Combine with: Exsanguinate or Sensei's Divining Top as stated above for the win.
Mana Denial:
Contamination: With Bitterblossom or Reassembling Skeleton, This will "Lock" everyone into black mana. Or "colorless" assuming you don't have a Black in your commander's color. On your upkeep, put your triggers on the stack and either sac the token created from Bitterblossom or by using the ability of Reassembling Skeleton from the graveyard to sac that instead.
Creature denial:
Lethal Vapors + Pithing Needle : This is one of the funniest creature locks in the deck. Play Pithing Needle naming Lethal Vapors leaving your opponents unable to skip their turn to get rid of Lethal Vapors.
V.s. Combo decks:
Sadistic Sacrament: This is an important addition to the deck. This ruins combo decks. Basically Jester's Cap , only better in our situation, Since we can recur it with our general to hit multiple opponents.
Another Win Con:
Life's Finale + Rise of the Dark Realms : This gives you the ability to wipe the board, pull out your opponent's creature combo pieces then recur them later on with Rise of the Dark Realms. They just go together like peanut butter and jelly. Typically after casting this late game, People scoop.
Ahhh Zombies!!:
After a long struggle from your opponents to stay alive...A horde of Zombies will end the game quick. Army of the Damned seems to be a "Win more/all else fails" card. It's one of my favorite ways to win, Since I still have a soft spot from playing it in Standard. Also, Don't rush to flashback it. If you can, Use Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed to get it back, That way it allows you to cast it 3 times or more..."Since twice isn't enough."
No maximum handsize + massive card advantage:
Necropotence + Reliquary Tower : Card advantage wins games...Out resourcing and out playing your opponents.
Death and fetches:
Crucible of Worlds + Death Cloud : Pretty much resets the game for you, and sets you up for the win. Use the fetch lands for consistent land drops with Crucible of Worlds and to thin out your draws. Also, Crucible of Worlds + Strip Mine go together nicely...cause who needs friends?
Dealing with permanents:
All Is Dust, Karn Liberated, Nevinyrral's Disk , and Ugin, the Spirit Dragon. Unfortunately, Black is pretty weak in this department. If permanents are giving you trouble in your meta, you could also add: Spine of Ish Sah, Dystopia , Unstable Obelisk, Ratchet Bomb, or Oblivion Stone.
Double your Fetches and Planeswalker's ability/abilities:
Rings of Brighthearth allows you to copy the abilities of Karn Liberated or Ugin, the Spirit Dragon. This effect does not add or removed additional loyalty counters. This also allows you to copy your fetch lands for double land drops.
Questions on the deck?
Comment below with any questions you have on the deck and I'll do my best to answer them all. Thanks for checking out my personal deck. Be sure to upvote if you like it!
Introduction
FEATURES
Custom models and texture s
Two unique variants
Male and female versions
Weight-slider support
Works with beast races
Custom ground/inventory models
Armor Stats
Where is the armor?
Both armor sets can be crafted at the forge, found as random loot, or purchased from blacksmiths.
Additionally, both armor sets have been added to Light Armor leveled lists, so they will sometimes appear on respawning NPCs.
Note: "Bone" gloves and boots require a new item, Imp Skull, to craft. Imp skulls can be purchased from any merchants selling pelts or animal parts.
**If you have other mods that edit leveled lists, you will need to use Wrye Bash to merge your leveled lists!***
Credits and Permissions
Wildling Fur Armor was created for the Beyond Skyrim: Cyrodiil project, and adds a brand-new set of light armor to the game based on the bandits and wild men found in Cyrodiil. This armor set comes in two variants, "Wildling" and "Wildling Bone", both featuring unique gloves, boots, helmet, and cuirass. Every piece in both sets will work for both males and female of every race, and is completely weight-slider compatible.Both "Wildling" and "Wildling Bone" variants can be crafted at the forge, or found randomly in the world and worn by NPCs.Armor rating and price for both sets is comparable to Leather armor, with the "Wildling" cuirass offering slightly less protection due to the lack of chest armor. "Wildling Bone" pieces are slightly heavier.The concept for this outfit was created by Suran, a member of the Beyond Skyrim team.All assets in this mod were created specifically for Beyond Skyrim: Cyrodiil , and may NOT be used for any other project, modding or not, commercial or not. Don't PM me to ask, because it won't happen. The ONLY exception to this is mods which will rely on Beyond Skyrim: Cyrodiil as a master.
Bruce Thorson-USA TODAY Sports
UCLA's Adam Plutko was in control from the start Monday night as the UCLA Bruins took a 1-0 lead over Mississippi State in the best-of-three College World Series final.
The right-handed junior was ice cold in front of a pro-Mississippi State crowd the likes of which the College World Series hasn't seen since Nebraska qualified for the CWS in 2005. Plutko pitched six innings, allowing only one run en route to a 3-1 Bruins win.
Plutko got some early run support when Pat Valaika knocked in Kevin Kramer in the first inning. UCLA scored again in the top of the fourth when Eric Filia knocked in two runs before getting caught in a rundown between first and second base.
Mississippi State broke through in the bottom of the fourth when it loaded the bases and Plutko walked a run in.
After that hiccup, it was back to business for Plutko and the Bruins, riding their stingy defense and small ball style to another low-scoring win that has become a staple of the 2013 College World Series.
The game was all but over after the fourth, with the only tension coming in the bottom of the ninth when Mississippi State managed to get two runners on base. UCLA reliever David Berg was able to shut down that last-ditch effort from the Bulldogs to preserve the save.
UCLA coach John Savage acknowledged Plutko's effort while also keeping the focus on the task at hand: "Hard-fought game, tight game, a lot of situations that could have gone either way. We pitched out of some problems. I thought Adam was fairly sharp. He competed. I thought he was sharp early, ran into trouble in the fourth inning. I thought that was a good one. That could have been more. Mississippi State is dangerous, and I think they proved that to us tonight. One game, I told the team that there's not much to get excited about."
Game 2 of the College World Series final will take place tonight at 8 pm EDT at TD Ameritrade Park, where UCLA can secure its first-ever baseball national championship with a win.
J.P. Scott is a Senior Analyst for Bleacher Report. Unless otherwise noted, all quotes were obtained firsthand via the postgame press conference.
The 50% guest star rule at the Emmys has claimed another victim: Mark Margolis (“Better Call Saul”). Margolis has been removed from the 2017 Emmy ballot after Gold Derby questioned his eligibility in the race for Best Guest Actor in a Drama Series. Including Monday's season finale, Margolis appeared in five of 10 episodes, or 50%, which makes him ineligible to compete in the guest categories. AMC could have submitted him on the supporting Emmy ballot, but it is now too late to make that change.
A Television Academy spokesman tells Gold Derby: “There was an error in AMC's entry submission, and pursuant to 69th Emmy Awards rules, this entry will be disqualified. Had this not been brought to the Academy's attention now, it would have surfaced after the Nomination Round votes are tallied, during the vetting of all nominees prior to our announcement on July 13.”
Margolis plays drug cartel leader Hector Salamanca on the AMC spinoff series, the same role that earned him an Emmy nom back in 2012 on “Breaking Bad.” He now joins a shortlist of other guest actors who've been disqualified from Emmy eligibility because they appeared in too many episodes, including “Veep” guest star Peter MacNicol whose nomination ultimately had to be rescinded by the TV academy. And just like Margolis, “The Last Man on Earth's” Jason Sudeikis was removed from the nominations ballot last year at this same stage.
We contacted AMC for comment, but did not hear back by press time.
The Emmys' 50% rule was created two years ago as a way to prevent recurring players from competing against true guest stars, as it was beginning to happen quite a bit. For example, John Lithgow starred in every episode of “Dexter” Season 4, but he won Best Drama Guest Actor at the 2010 Emmys. And for the first season of “Orange is the New Black,” Uzo Aduba won the Best Comedy Guest Actress trophy in 2014 despite popping up in 12 of the 13 hours.
“It is the decision of the entrant whether to enter as a lead, supporting or guest performer,” states the official Emmy rulebook. “However, only performers appearing in less than 50% of the eligible episodes are able to submit in the Guest Performer categories.”
Predict the Emmy nominees now; change them until July 13
Be sure to make your Emmy predictions. Weigh in now with your picks so that Hollywood insiders can see how their TV shows and performers are faring in our Emmy odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before nominees are announced on July 13. And join in the fierce debate over the 2017 Emmys taking place right now with Hollywood insiders in our TV forums. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Sign up for Gold Derby's newsletter with experts' latest predictions
Indie-folk trio Good Old War came together after the demise of prog-rock outfit Days Away, of which co-founders Tim Arnold (Old) and Keith Goodwin (Good) were members. Having already released two LPs, the last of which was 2010's self-titled effort, they'll return on March 6th with their third album, Come Back as Rain, via Sargent House.
Recorded in Mike Mogis' Nebraska studio with producer Jason Cupp, the album has been described by the band as capturing their “really natural and energetic and in your face” live show. Goodwin also mentions that the album's core aesthetic stems from that longing for home that happens when youre away all the time.
That feeling of isolation finds a perfect means of expression in the album track “Can't Go Home”. The track stakes on Crosby, Stills and Nash-inspired vocal harmonies and a rollicking, free-wheeling acoustic guitar. The band torques decidedly negative sentiments of loneliness into a joyous blend of folksy rhythm, wishing only for the simple comforts of home. Stream it below.
Goold Old War – “Can't Go Home”
Come Back as Rain Tracklist:
01. Over and Over
02. Calling Me Names
03. Amazing Eyes
04. Better Weather
05. Cant Go Home
06. Not Quite Happiness
07. Touch the Clouds (Taste the Ground)
08. It Hurts Every Time
09. After the Party
10. Loud Love
11. Present for the End of the World
Ankit Fadia, a self-proclaimed "ethical hacker" and a person who has been repeatedly outed for making false claims and plagiarising, has been picked as a brand ambassador of the 'Digital India' mission. Fadia revealed this on Facebook even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi was busy pitching Digital India to the titans of Silicon Valley and getting Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to change his display picture into a tri-coloured in support of 'Digital India'.
Humbled and honored to be appointed as one of the Brand Ambassadors to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Digital India initiative :)
Social media erupted in dismay and amusement. Because Fadia and his claims of being a young tech prodigy was a staple of an India before democratised fact checking on social media.
Ankit Fadia selling Digital India. Salman Khan selling Being Human. Saudi Arabia selling Human Rights. Pattern. Trend. #SameGuy — Sohini (@Mittermaniac) September 28, 2015
Ankit Fadia appointed Digital India brand ambassador. Rahul Yadav may feel ignored now. — Madhavan Narayanan (@madversity) September 28, 2015
A campaign foiled in patriotism to rob us off our internet neutrality and freedom. Who can be a better brand ambassador than Ankit Fadia? :) — Scotchy (@scotchism) September 28, 2015
Witty. Sadly, Ankit Fadia is to Digital India what Smriti Irani is to education. A conduit for hidden agendas. https://t.co/ZfDoArVGiE — Wildcard Vidyut (@Vidyut) September 28, 2015
Ankit Fadia brand ambassador of Digital India? Why not Sonam Kapoor, didn't you see her skills in Players? — Gappistan Radio (@GappistanRadio) September 28, 2015
When HuffPost India got in touch in Fadia, he said that he was picked as the brand ambassador in July when Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the ambitious Digital India mission in Delhi.
"I was the first one to be chosen as the brand ambassador," Fadia said.
Is he getting paid for it? "I don't want to discuss that," he said.
Kruti Tiwari, a IIT-JEE topper from Indore was also picked by the Modi government to spread the message of digital India.
Fadia said he is supposed to promote and educate the masses about digital India through various channels. "I am going to help the government with all their Digital India initiatives and the programmes that they hold," Fadia said.
R.S. Sharma, whose signature as IT Secretary is on the certificate Fadia exhibited on Facebook, told HuffPost India that Fadia might have been on the many people the government had picked as brand ambassadors. Sharma is now chairman of TRAI and is no longer involved with Digital India.
Fadia's career of claims and fame:
Fadia, now 30, pitched himself as an "ethical hacking" prodigy from a very young age and used unquestioning media to position himself as an IT security consultant and expert. He wrote books and launched certification programmes in his name.
He rose to fame at 17 after he claimed that he had defaced the website of CHIP -- a popular computer and communications magazine.
However, over the years, several of his claims have been trashed by his critics and magazines.
In fact, In 2013, Charles Assisi, who used to be the editor of CHIP wrote in his article for Forbes how that incident never happened.
"As your story goes, after you defaced CHIP, you felt guilty and wrote to the editor telling him you were responsible for the act. The gentleman apparently called you up and said somebody as talented as you ought to be working for CHIP. When you confessed you were only 13, the editor asked you to wait until you turn 18 and then sign up with him. I used to be the editor of CHIP and know the magazine's website was never defaced. Nor do I remember offering you a job. Like I told you earlier, those were the days I thought you a skiddie."
Assisi then called up his predecessor Gourav Jaswal, who was the founding editor of CHIP India. "Gourav sounded mildly amused and said nothing like this happened during his stint either," he wrote.
He then called up Marco D'Souza, who took over at CHIP after Assisi left. Marco, too, denied knowledge of any such episode.
Assisi tweeted this when he came to know of the devlepment.
Fadia had also claimed that he had helped the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to crack an email that came from the Al Qaida. However, no one could verify this.
Assisi in his column wrote how every security expert he spoke to laughed because nobody could figure how a then 15-year-old could understand what takes clusters of supercomputers to decipher.
Later, he said that he never claimed the FBI asked him to do it. Apparently, journalists threw in their two bits and claimed he was contacted by the FBI.
Fadia also claimed that the Indian Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) contacted him to help with a case they were having trouble with. However, that too, could not be verified.
A 2012 article in The Sunday Guardian too said that Fadia was a fake and he was largely successful due to the tech-illiterate media in India.
The article noted that Fadia, the author of over a dozen books has often been accused of plagiarism and making tall claims.
A security professional, who uses the handle @FakeAnkitFadia on Twitter, told The Sunday Guardian, "The first book that Fadia 'wrote' at the age of 14, The Unofficial Guide to Ethical Hacking, was a little over 32% plagiarised from other security publications and websites."
Fadia, once, also claimed of being featured in The New York Times Best Sellers List. But, the security professional told The Sunday Guardian that too was a fake claim. "I have not found any mention of him in the list going back 50 years, either in the fiction or the non-fiction category," he said.
The hacker is so hated on social media for such claims that a Facebook page called "We hate Ankit Fadia" was created by a bunch of techies, calling out his bluff.
"I will utilise the large social media following that I have to promote the government's Digital India project," Fadia told HuffPost when asked about his role in the project.
Fadia says he can educate India because he is so 'tech-savvy' and has written so many books, educating people on how the Internet works.
Earlier, Business Line had reported that the Centre will announce names of some young techie achievers as brand ambassadors for its ‘Digital India' programme. Is Fadia Modi government's idea of a 'techie achiever?'
Obama Aide: President-elect Did Not Commit to Missile Defense Shield
By VOA News
08 November 2008
An aide to U.S. President-elect Barack Obama says the future U.S. leader did not give Poland any commitment on a missile defense shield.
A statement Saturday from Polish President Lech Kaczynski claims Mr. Obama would go ahead with plans to install the system in eastern Europe.
Mr. Obama's aide Denis McDonough confirms the two men spoke by telephone late Friday night, but says the president-elect only supports a missile defense shield when "the technology is proved to be workable."
The outgoing administration of U.S. President George Bush and Warsaw signed an agreement in August that allows the U.S. to deploy 10 defensive missiles in Poland. The Czech Republic has also agreed to host part of the system.
U.S. officials say the shield is designed to counter a possible attack from "rogue" nations such as Iran. But Russia sees the shield as a threat and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev said earlier this week he plans to deploy missiles near the Polish border.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy says he is concerned about Russia's plans.
France holds the European Union's rotating presidency. The EU released a statement Friday saying the Russian move will do nothing to improve security and will curb future dialogue.
U.S. officials say they have tried hard to address Russian concerns, and called Mr. Medvedev's decision "disappointing."
The Bush administration insists the missile defense system does not target Russia.
Some information for this report was provided by AP and Reuters.
Newsletter Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg was caught discussing the censorship of anti-migrant posts at the United Nations development summit Saturday while speaking with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
According to CNBC, the pair were picked up by a hot mic after Merkel confronted Zuckerberg on social media posts critical of “the wave of Syrian refugees entering Germany.”
After being asked about Facebook's efforts to curtail speech, Zuckerberg stated, “We need to do some work,” confirming he'd already started looking at ways to hinder comments in opposition to Merkel's immigration stance.
“Are you working on this?” Merkel asked. “Yeah,” Zuckerberg responded before their microphone was cut.
In response to the shocking revelation, media outlets such as Bloomberg immediately leapt to the defense of the tech giant, insinuating that any critique of the German government's response to the migrant crisis would be “racist” and “xenophobic.”
Only just last week, an article by Infowars' Kit Daniels examining the pope's controversial comments on mass immigration was pulled and barred from Facebook without explanation.
Since the migrant crisis began, news outlets across the globe have both covered up crucial facts, specifically NATO's responsibility in destabilizing Syria, and gone out of their way to outright ignore any stories that highlight the criminal acts of migrants.
Zuckerberg's penchant for censoring speech deemed politically incorrect is unsurprising given his meeting late last year with Lu Wei, the czar of China's authoritarian Internet censorship system.
Location:
Explaining the failure of marijuana prohibition is easy. Sociology, economics, history, and psychology can all help to explain why a safe and popular drug cannot be removed from the market by force. Still, there is another important reason why marijuana is here to stay: it evolves at an incredibly rapid pace, becoming stronger and more profitable every day.The vigorous growth and adaptability of the marijuana plant has long frustrated efforts by law-enforcement to thwart its production. Specific strains are easily cross-bred, producing offspring that emphasize certain qualities, thus growers in Oregon can develop a strain that grows well in Oregon's climate with minimal effort. Hybridization not only improves potency, but can also shorten flowering time and increase yield, thereby enabling growers to produce more in less time.We're witnessing a situation in which the biological vigor of the plant itself has far outpaced law-enforcement efforts that were never effective to begin with. Indoor-grown strains can advance through 3-4 generations in a year's time, with the best specimens from each batch selected for cloning or crossbreeding. Each successive generation carries on the best traits of the former, which explains why growers can now accomplish in a basement what used to require an acre or more in the woods.The great irony of all this is that drug warriors still think increased marijuana potency is an argument for their side. In reality, nothing could better illustrate the failure of their efforts to reduce the drug's production. Harsh marijuana laws have incentivized growers to produce a stronger product, which carries the same penalties by weight, while commanding higher prices on the street.As the bitter debate over marijuana legalization rages on, the plants will grow ever faster, bigger, and stronger. Marijuana is one of nature's most remarkable creations, and it is unbelievable that so many people still haven't figured out that this plant is here to help us. From healthy foods to a promising cancer cure , we should be grateful that cannabis sativa grows and evolves as vigorously as it does.With every forward step in marijuana's evolution, the war against this resilient plant becomes less and less effective.: Thanks to court-qualified cannabis expert Chris Conrad for answering growing questions, and to pot-paparazzi Steve Bloom for turning me on to the government's awesome 2008 cultivation assessment, which got me thinking about this.
Sup y'all? =) President Hoodie here with a pretty tasty slice of news to kick off 2015! Specifically…
That's right: a Danimal Cannon and Mega Ran tour sponsored by Chiptunes = WIN & MAGFest!! Kicking off at MAG 13, they're bringing their hella badass show to 10 locales across the nation. Highlights include:
MAGFest 13
8bitLA's freq.fest.v.4.0
San Jose's Rockage 4.0
Start off your year right and go to any/ALL of the these shows. It's for your own good.
Danimal thanks you. Mega Ran thanks you. ChipWIN thanks you. MAGFest thanks you. Your country thanks you. Most importantly, your groove thang thanks you. Always be good to your groove thang.
Always.
Much \m|♥|m/,
President Hoodie
Founder & Project Manager of Chiptunes = WIN
Danimal Cannon:
danimalcannon.com | Bandcamp | Facebook | Twitter | YouTube
Mega Ran:
megaran.com | Bandcamp | Facebook | Twitter | YouTube
MAGFest:
MAGFest.org | Twitter | Facebook | M13 Fb Event
Rockage:
Facebook | Twitter | Rockage 4.0 Fb Event
8bitLA‘s freq.fest.v.4.0
Dig this article? Then consider supporting us on Patreon!
Pouring molten iron is something of a dying art, but it's alive and well at CU Denver . Coming up on March 22 is Iron Pour II , a free public spectacle of fire and iron.
2,300 degrees Fahrenheit is pretty hot. It's hot enough to melt iron, as CU Denver students and faculty will demonstrate on campus on March 22 at Iron Pour II.
"We have to work with it when it's really hot, 2,300 to 2,700 degrees Fahrenheit," says Rian Kerrane, Associate Professor of Sculpture at CU Denver. "What we're doing is a rejuvenation of old industrial process. It's downsized by artists for artists."
Iron casting at CU Denver. Iron casting started at CU Denver in 2005, when the school built its first cupola -- the coke-fired furnace that melts the iron -- named Irish Luck. "Everybody builds their own cupola," says Kerrane. "There's no factory."
The iron-casting process dates back to the Bronze Age -- 3600 to 1200 B.C. It's slow and hard work that results in about 100 pounds of quickly hardening molten iron every 15 minutes. Then it's a choreographed race against time to get it in the appropriate mold that sometimes involves pouring red hot liquid iron from eight feet in the air.
Unlike Bronze Age casters, Kerrane notes, they're recycling the iron. "We're using scrap iron from a scrapyard," she says, describing a pile of dented radiators and appliances that are reborn by fire.
There are only three active industrial cupolas left in Colorado, and beyond that there aren't any between here and St. Louis, says Kerrane. She's active with the Western Cast Iron Art Alliance , which held its inaugural conference in Denver in 2008.
The Irish-born sculptor is planning to take a group of students to an international conference in Latvia next year. "There's a community of iron casters in academia and the underground," says Kerrane of the global iron-casting movement.
At the upcoming Iron Pour on March 22, Irish Luck will fire up once again, as will a new cupola, the Exquisite Cupolette, along with a 15-foot iron-moving and -pouring lever by visiting artist Matt Toole from Savannah College of Art and Design. Toole will also speak at a public lecture on March 20.
Liquid iron is poured. "It'll be the inaugural pour for the Exquisite Cupolette," says Kerrane. "We'll run both of them and we'll be running the lever to pour the iron."
A team of 20 artists in safety gear will be melting, moving and molding the iron for a live audience. "There's a certain focus and drive" that comes with iron casting, says Kerrane. "It's very dramatic."
The student-made molds awaiting the molten metal range from the anatomical to the abstract. Expect a few found items and everyday objects like slices of toast, adds Kerrane. "Anything that can be turned to ash or carbon can be replicated, or anything that can be removed from a mold." She's especially fond of "soft" objects molded in iron, like clothing or rope.
Because of the inherent theatricality of the iron-casting process, Iron Pour is something best done in front of an audience. "We're sharing the creative process of art-making with the community," says Kerrane. "There's production and performance mixed together." And it's interactive: For $10, guests can get a scratch tile of a design they make in a sand-backed mold.
"We all love fire, and the proximity to the fire is invigorating," says Kerrane. "And I don't just mean the artists -- the audience loves the fire and gets a big thrill from it."
For more than a century, invasive gray squirrels have bullied their way across Ireland, outcompeting and drastically reducing the native red squirrel population. But a new study finds that the red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris, pictured) has acquired an unlikely ally: its natural predator, the pine marten. The find comes thanks to a 2007 ecological survey, which noted an unexpected decline in the number of North American eastern gray squirrels (S. carolinensis) on the island—and a concomitant rise in the number of pine martens (Martes martes), cat-sized, squirrel-eating carnivores. Researchers collected pine marten feces and hair samples from areas with and without gray squirrels. Finding places where the two species overlapped was so difficult that the researchers used a specially trained scent dog to track down pine marten scat in gray squirrel–populated areas. Where pine martens were plentiful, red squirrels thrived alongside their natural predator, the team will report next month in Biodiversity and Conservation. The feces revealed that not only had pine martens added gray squirrels to their diets, but that they were also feasting on the invasive species eight times more often than on red squirrels. The researchers believe the red squirrels acquired defenses against predation, such as better tree-climbing skills, as they coevolved with the pine marten, giving them a leg up on their non-native competition. (The gray squirrel originally came to Ireland in 1911 when a wedding gift of a dozen squirrels escaped into the wild.) As Ireland's pine marten population continues to recover thanks to habitat protection and antihunting laws, a red squirrel resurgence may be less of a nutty idea.
See more ScienceShots.
The freezing platform for an embryo, top, also known as a straw, in the in vitro fertilization lab at the Reproductive Science Center in San Ramon, California, on Aug. 22, 2013.
WASHINGTON — Congress was poised Thursday to lift a 24-year ban on wounded veterans receiving fertility treatment through the Department of Veterans Affairs following a landmark agreement between the House and Senate.
But repeal of the ban, which would be a hard-fought victory for thousands of veterans hoping to start families, was still in danger of fizzling during a final Senate vote due to political wrangling over an attached plan to fight the Zika virus.
Lawmakers from both chambers agreed to a final VA budget bill for 2017 that lifts restrictions on in vitro fertilization – the culmination of years of work by advocates in Congress. The treatment is provided to troops by the Defense Department but was banned in 1992 at the VA due to concerns among conservatives over discarded embryos.
Now, even supporters of the measure might vote against the final agreement in the Senate due to what they consider are “poison pill” riders attached to the budget bill at the last moment. The House gave its final approval Wednesday.
“I will not support the Republican Zika-Military Construction-VA conference report that limits needed birth control services for women in the United States and Puerto Rico, and includes a troubling pesticides policy rider that endangers clean water protections,” said Sen. Barbara Mikulski, D-Md., who has been a backer of IVF for veterans.
Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., has been a leading advocate for veteran access to the fertility treatment and spent the past three years trying to repeal the ban. She said she was encouraged that the repeal was included but also appalled by the attempt to cut Planned Parenthood contraception funding.
“There are some provisions Republicans included that I need to look into, but at the end of the day, the most important thing is that this provision seems to give veterans the care they deserve in their service to our country,” Murray said in a written statement to Stars and Stripes.
The senator indicated she might also vote against the larger bill due to the attached legislation.
“Unfortunately, Republicans have chosen to pick a partisan fight on the overall bill that includes Zika funding — but I am going to keep working to get this done one way or another,” Murray said.
The White House slammed the budget agreement for playing “political games” by cutting money from programs that supply birth control as part of the plans to combat the new illness, which is spread by mosquitoes and is spreading to the United States. It has been linked to severe birth defects in babies.
Meanwhile, Republicans pushed ahead with the VA budget bill as the Senate considered whether to schedule a final vote before the long summer recess begins in mid-July.
“We've negotiated a conference agreement that will provide additional resources to fight the public health threat of the Zika virus,” said Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss., chairman of the Appropriations Committee. “I am pleased that the Zika package will be considered along with important funding for veterans and defense facilities.”
Cochran said the final agreement includes language on in vitro fertilization that prevents three-parent embryos – or eggs fertilized by more than one sperm — and human cloning, which was likely added to allay concerns among conservatives. The bill also allows funding to be used for child adoption services.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., also praised the final bill, which was negotiated by a conference committee of lawmakers Wednesday.
“This funding bill will curb the spread of Zika and protect Americans from this dangerous virus,” McCarthy said in a release. “This legislation will also hold the VA accountable and institute reforms that House Republicans have long called for so our veterans can finally get the quality care they have been waiting for.”
In vitro fertilization, which seeks to fertilize eggs outside the body, is a common treatment for couples who have difficulty conceiving. Criticism of the VA ban's fairness have grown louder in recent years as troops returned home from Iraq and Afghanistan with severe injuries from improvised explosive devices that left them unable to conceive.
Advocates estimate several thousand veterans suffered injuries that keep them from starting families. They are now forced to seek treatment outside of the VA system and foot the bill for IVF, which can cost about $10,000 for a single round of treatment.
Groups such as the Veterans of Foreign Wars, which represents about 1.7 million veterans, and Paralyzed Veterans of America have pressed Congress for a repeal.
tritten.travis@stripes.com
Twitter: @Travis_Tritten
Donald Trump is salty.
He's salty because for months Republicans not named Trump engaged in a massive circular firing squad, picking each other off while Trump stood off on the side mocking them like an ADHD teenager. But now that Trump is the odds-on favorite for the nomination, finally – perhaps too late – the other two candidates in the race, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Ohio Governor John Kasich have decided to team up to stop him. The plan goes something like this:
Kasich will pull out of Indiana, freeing up his supporters to back Cruz; Cruz will pull out of Oregon and New Mexico, doing the same for Kasich. Cruz campaign manager Jeff Roe stated, “To ensure that we nominate a Republican who can unify the Republican Party and win in November, our campaign will focus its time and resources in Indiana and in turn clear the path for Governor Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico.” Kasich's guy, John Weaver, said something similar – he wrote, “keeping Trump from winning a plurality in Indiana is critical to keeping him under 1,237 bound delegates before Cleveland.”
Trump has responded with a classic Trump Rage Rant™ obviously written by the stubby fingers of the candidate himself. “It is sad that two grown politicians have to collude against one person who has only been a politician for ten months,” wrote Trump, apparently utilizing the argument that two adults are assaulting a baby. Trump then enhanced that particular argument by writing like a small child, in run-on, incomplete sentences: “Governor Kasich, who has only won 1 state out of 41, in other words, he is 1 for 41 and he is not even doing as well as other candidates who could have stubbornly stayed in the race like him but chose not to do so.” He has the very best words and a very good brain, folks.
Trump continued by putting his “MAKE AMERICA LAWYERLY AGAIN” hat on and writing about collusion: “Collusion is often illegal in many other countries and yet these two Washington insiders have had to revert to collusion in order to stay alive.” This is legal nonsense, but no matter – Trump's rollin':
Because of me, everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged. When two candidates who have no path to victory get together to stop a candidate who is expanding the party by millions of voters, (all of whom will drop out if I am not in the race) it is yet another example of everything that is wrong in Washington and our political system.
Trump, of course, had no complaints about the primary system before the election cycle. And even as he calls for the GOP to come together, he's threatening the GOP that he will take his marbles and go home if he doesn't get his way.
Here's the reality: this isn't a corrupt deal. It's long past time that non-Trump Republicans put ego aside to stop a minority candidate from taking the nomination with a platform that essentially rejects all three legs of the Reagan three-legged policy stool (social conservatism, small government, and foreign policy hawkishness).
Now, the deal may not work: Kasich, in particular, seems pathologically incapable of simply acknowledging the obvious fact that he can't win in states like Indiana. Here's Kasich this morning:
Kasich on whether Indiana backers should support Cruz: “I've never told them not to vote for me; they ought to vote for me.” — Aaron Blake (@AaronBlake) April 25, 2016
But that doesn't mean that a concerted attempt to stop Trump is corrupt. It isn't.
Here are three reasons why the Cruz-Kasich deal is perfectly legitimate:
Trump Does Not Have Majority Support. Trump has won 37 percent of the popular vote. This means that a broad majority of Republicans do not support him. Trump tries to make the argument that the same applies to Cruz and Kasich, but that's obviously a stretch – Trump has been running consistently in the 30 to 40 percent range for the entire stretch of the campaign, while the other candidates have varied in support level. People are either anti-Trump or pro-Trump. This argument would be the equivalent of Hillary Clinton saying that Bernie Sanders is more unpopular than she is. She may be more popular than Sanders, but she's also more unpopular. The same holds with Trump.
Trump Made An Alliance With Cruz Himself. Now Trump is crying about collusion. But just a few months ago, he had a de facto alliance with Lyin' Ted himself; Cruz laid off of Trump, Trump laid off of Cruz, and they both savaged candidates like Jeb! Bush and Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL). That alliance broke when Cruz began to gain ground on Trump just before the Iowa caucuses. Was their alliance corrupt, too? How about the alliance of Trump and Chris Christie? Or Trump and Ben Carson? Or Trump and Mike Huckabee? Or are alliances only corrupt when Trump is on the other side?
Trump Has No Capacity To Rein It In. Trump mocks the notion of being presidential; he thinks it's boring. But should he be stopped short of 1,237 pledged delegates before the convention, he'll have to prove to unpledged delegates that he deserves to be the nominee. He can do it – he can start giving policy speeches, proving he's capable of being president, use words better than “sad” and “totally disaster” and “very good.” So far, that isn't going well. Time surveyed 63 unbound delegates how they would vote over the weekend: 26 said they would support Cruz, 15 said they wouldn't say, and another 15 couldn't be reached for comment. Just one unbound delegate has said openly he would vote for Trump.
Trump will complain about corruption and lying, though he is the most corrupt candidate in the race, and the most regular liar. That whining may not matter if Cruz pulls out a victory in Indiana.
Each year, over 100,000 car crashes are caused by drowsy drivers, which result in 40,000 injuries and over 1,500 deaths, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which makes drowsy driving one of the most common causes of car accidents. Driving while sleepy can be very dangerous, since it affects a driver's reaction time and impairs their judgment. That's why many carmakers are implementing car safety technology features in their vehicles that can issue warnings when they detect that a driver is too drowsy. Some of the most popular driver drowsiness detection systems include Ford's Driver Alert, Volkswagen's Fatigue Detection System, and Volvo's Driver Alert Control.
The latest innovation in the field of drowsy driver detection technology was unveiled by Washington State University recently, which it claims is much more effective and more practical than existing systems developed by various automakers. Researchers at WSU Spokane have been trying to create a system that would eliminate the shortcomings of the systems that are currently available, which, according to them, don't work well on snow-covered roads and when lane markings are not clearly visible.
The technology they have patented is able to track steering wheel movements, which they believe are essential for detecting symptoms of drowsy driving, as they are more variable with drowsy drivers, and can sense when a driver is about to fall sleep better than other systems that employ video cameras to detect when a car is drifting out of its lane.
Researchers conducted two experiments with 29 drivers, who were asked to work on a 10-day night-shift schedule and spend four 30-minute sessions in a driving simulator during each shift. The simulator measured 87 metrics, associated with steering, lane position, acceleration, speed, and other factors that can reveal whether a driver is managing to stay in their lane or is drifting out of it.
They used a sensor to measure how the steering wheel was moving at all times, which can help determine the level of a driver's fatigue. Researchers said that by monitoring the position of the steering wheel constantly, they could detect that a car is about to leave its lane much earlier than by using a camera to track a vehicle's position in relation to lane markings. This way, the system can issue an alert before the vehicle starts drifting out, giving the driver enough time to react and avoid a lane departure.
Hans Van Dongen, research professor at the WSU Sleep and Performance Research Center, said that this invention can be used as a basis for the development of a early driver drowsiness detection system, and that it can be combined with existing systems. Additionally, researchers claim that this system is much more affordable and easier to install than those that are currently offered by automakers.
If this system becomes commercially available, car owners would be able to buy it as an aftermarket product and install it in their vehicles, which would help prevent hundreds of thousands of accidents that are a result of driver fatigue.
Not to be confused with Pothos or Bathos
Pathos (, US: ; plural: pathea; Greek: πάθος, for "suffering" or "experience"; adjectival form: pathetic from παθητικός) appeals to the emotions of the audience and elicits feelings that already reside in them.[1] Pathos is a communication technique used most often in rhetoric (in which it is considered one of the three modes of persuasion, alongside ethos and logos), as well as in literature, film, and other narrative art.
Emotional appeal can be accomplished in many ways, such as the following:
by a metaphor or storytelling, commonly known as a hook;
by passion in the delivery of the speech or writing, as determined by the audience; and
by personal anecdote.
Aristotle's text on pathos [ edit ]
In Rhetoric, Aristotle identifies three artistic modes of persuasion, one of which is "awakening emotion (pathos) in the audience so as to induce them to make the judgment desired."[2] In the first chapter, he includes the way in which "men change their opinion in regard to their judgment. As such, emotions have specific causes and effects" (Book 2.1.2–3).[3] Aristotle identifies pathos as one of the three essential modes of proof by his statement that "to understand the emotions—that is, to name them and describe them, to know their causes and the way in which they are excited (1356a24–1356a25).[4] Aristotle posits that, alongside pathos, the speaker must also deploy good ethos in order to establish credibility (Book 2.1.5–9). [5]
Aristotle details what individual emotions are useful to a speaker (Book 2.2.27).[6] In doing so, Aristotle focused on whom, toward whom, and why, stating that "[i]t is not enough to know one or even two of these points; unless we know all three, we shall be unable to arouse anger in anyone. The same is true of the other emotions." He also arranges the emotions with one another so that they may counteract one another. For example, one would pair sadness with happiness (Book 2.1.9).[7] With this understanding, Aristotle argues for the rhetor to understand the entire situation of goals and audiences to decide which specific emotion the speaker would exhibit or call upon in order to persuade the audience. Aristotle's theory of pathos has three main foci: the frame of mind the audience is in, the variation of emotion between people, and the influence the rhetor has on the emotions of the audience. Aristotle classifies the third of this trio as the ultimate goal of pathos.[8] Similarly, Aristotle outlines the individual importance of persuasive emotions, as well as the combined effectiveness of these emotions on the audience. Moreover, Aristotle pointedly discusses pleasure and pain in relation to the reactions these two emotions cause in an audience member.[8] According to Aristotle, emotions vary from person to person. Therefore, he stresses the importance of understanding specific social situations in order to successfully utilize pathos as a mode of persuasion.[8]
Aristotle identifies the introduction and the conclusion as the two most important places for an emotional appeal in any persuasive argument.[9]
Alternative views on pathos [ edit ]
Scholars have discussed the different interpretations of Aristotle's views of rhetoric and his philosophy. Some believe that it is actually a myth, that Aristotle invented it entirely.[clarification needed] In the second chapter of Rhetoric, Aristotle's view on pathos changes from the use in discourse to the understanding of emotions and their effects. William Fortenbaugh pointed out that for the Sophist Gorgias, "Being overcome with emotion is analogous to rape."[10] Aristotle opposed this view and created a systematic approach to pathos. Fortenbaugh argues that Aristotle's systematic approach to emotional appeals "depends upon correctly understanding the nature of individual emotions, upon knowing the conditions favorable to, the objects of, and the grounds for individual emotions".[11] Modern philosophers were typically more skeptical of the use of emotions in communication, with political theorists such as John Locke hoping to extract emotion from reasoned communication entirely. George Campbell presents another view unlike the common systematic approach of Aristotle. Campbell explored whether appeals to emotion or passions would be "an unfair method of persuasion," identifying seven circumstances to judge emotions: probability, plausibility, importance, proximity in time, connection of place, relations to the persons concerned, and interest in the consequences.[12]
The 84 BC Rhetorica ad Herennium book of an unknown author theorizes that the conclusion is the most important place in a persuasive argument to consider emotions such as mercy or hatred, depending on the nature of the persuasion.[13] The "appeal to pity", as it is classified in Rhetorica ad Herennium, is a means to conclude by reiterating the major premise of the work and tying while incorporating an emotional sentiment. The author suggests ways in which to appeal to the pity of the audience: "We shall stir pity in our hearers by recalling vicissitudes of future; by comparing the prosperity we once enjoyed with our present adversity; by entreating those whose pity we seek to win, and by submitting ourselves to their mercy."[13] Additionally, the text impresses the importance of invoking kindness, humanity and sympathy upon the hearer. Finally, the author suggests that the appeal to pity be brief for "nothing dries more quickly than a tear."[13]
Other Hellenistic Groups [ edit ]
Aristotle's teachings would go on to influence many influential groups of thinkers. One such group of thinkers, the Epicureans who practiced Epicureanism, interpreted and placed pathos in much more colloquial means and situations. The group would place pathos in pleasure, and study it in almost every facet in regards to pleasure, analyzing emotional specificity that an individual may feel or may need to undergo to appreciate said pathos.[14]
Pathos before Aristotle [ edit ]
The concept of emotional appeal existed in rhetoric long before Aristotle's Rhetoric. George A. Kennedy, a well-respected, modern-day scholar, identifies the appeal to emotions in the newly formed democratic court system before 400 BC in his book, The Art of Persuasion in Greece.[15] Gorgias, a Sophist who preceded Aristotle, was interested in the orator's emotional appeal as well. Gorgias believed the orator was able to capture and lead the audience in any direction they pleased through the use of emotional appeal.[15] In the Encomium of Helen, Gorgias states that a soul can feel a particular sentiment on account of words such as sorrow and pity. Certain words act as "bringers-on of pleasure and takers-off of pain.[16] Furthermore, Gorgias equates emotional persuasion to the sensation of being overtaken by a drug: "[f]or just as different drug draw off different humors from the body, and some put an end to disease and other to life, so too of discourses: some give pain, others delight, others terrify, others rouse the hearers to courage, and yet others by a certain vile persuasion drug and trick to soul."[16]
Plato also discussed emotional appeal in rhetoric. Plato preceded Aristotle and therefore laid the groundwork, as did other Sophists, for Aristotle to theorize the concept of pathos. In his dialogue Gorgias, Plato discusses pleasure versus pain in the realm of pathos though in a fictional conversation between Gorgias and Socrates. The dialogue between several ancient rhetors that Plato created centers around the value of rhetoric, and the men incorporate aspects of pathos in their responses. Gorgias discredits pathos and instead promotes the use of ethos in persuasion.[17] In another of Plato's texts, Phaedrus, his discussion of emotions is more pointed; however, he still does not outline exactly how emotions manipulate an audience.[18] Plato discusses the danger of emotions in oratory. He argues that emotional appeal in rhetoric should be used as the means to an end and not the point of the discussion.[18]
Contemporary pathos [ edit ]
George Campbell, a contributor to the Scottish Enlightenment, was one of the first rhetoricians to incorporate scientific evidence into his theory of emotional appeal.[19] Campbell relied heavily on a book written by physician David Hartley, entitled Observations on Man. The book synthesized emotions and neurology and introduced the concept that action is a result of impression. Hartley determined that emotions drive people to react to appeals based on circumstance but also passions made up of cognitive impulses.[19] Campbell argues that belief and persuasion depend heavily on the force of an emotional appeal.[20] Furthermore, Campbell introduced the importance of the audience's imagination and will on emotional persuasion that is equally important as basic understanding of an argument.[20] Campbell, by drawing on the theories of rhetoricians before him, drew up a contemporary view of pathos that incorporates the psychological aspect of emotional appeal.
Pathos in politics [ edit ]
Pathos has its hand in politics as well, primarily in speech and how to persuade the audience. Mshvenieradze states that "Pathos is directly linked with an audience. Audience is a collective subject of speakers on which an orator tries to impact by own argumentation."[21] Similarly to how Aristotle discusses how to effectively utilize pathos in rhetoric, the way in which one appeals to the reader is similar in appealing to an audience of voters. In the case of politics and politicians, it is primarily more in argumentative writing and speaking. In Book II of Aristotle's writing's in Rhetoric, in essence knowing people's emotions helps to enable one to act with words versus writing alone, to earn another's credibility and faith.[22]
As Aristotle's teachings expanded, many other groups of thinkers would go on to adopt different variations of political usage with the elements of pathos involved, which includes groups such as the Epicureans and Stoics.[23][24]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
BUSINESS
LG CNS‘s floating solar power plant on Otae Reservoir in Sangju, North Gyeongsang Province. (LG CNS)
LG CNS‘s floating solar power plant on Otae Reservoir in Sangju, North Gyeongsang Province. (LG CNS)
South Korea's leading energy solutions developer LG CNS said Thursday that it had completed the construction of two floating photovoltaic power plants in Otae and Jipyeong Reservoirs in Sangju, North Gyeongsang Province.The two floating solar power plants, each with 3 megawatts generating capacity, are the largest in terms of capacity of power generation.The solar panels cover around 64,000 square meters of water surface -- about the size of 10 football fields -- and generate 8,600 megawatt hours per year, which can power 2,400 households.The floating solar plant will also be able to reduce up to 3,600 tons of carbon dioxide, almost the same effect of planting 1.2 million pine trees, according to the affiliate of LG Group.“LG CNS deployed its own advanced solutions for the floating PV power plants in Sangju and will utilize them in other environmentally friendly energy projects,” LG CNS executive vice president Kim Tae-keuk said.The PV power plants fitted with self-powered wireless connection boards do not need to be connected to power lines on land, reducing costs for installation.They also feature inverters that adopt technologies to prevent performance degradation due to humidity and ground fault.LG CNS has been spearheading the domestic solar power energy market by leading a number of construction projects for solar power plants at home and abroad, including the solar power plants in Bulgaria and Japan.The company plans to build more floating power plants with a combined capacity of 50 megawatts next year.“Floating power stations are beneficial to the environment as they are less intrusive than landside plants and create shade to reduce algal blooms,” an LG CNS official explained.By Kim Young-won ( wone0102@heraldcorp.com
The UK is entering a prolonged cold spell which could bring one of the earliest significant snowfalls since 1993, according to weather forecasters.
Northern and eastern parts of the UK are expected to bear the brunt of the wintry conditions.
Overnight on Wednesday, 15-20cm (6-8in) of snow could fall in Scotland and 2-5cm (1-2in) in north-east England.
BBC forecaster Matt Taylor said: "It's not just a short, sharp shock, it'll be around well into next week."
He added: "We've had snow earlier than this, but to have as much as this across a large part of the country, we have to go back to about 1993."
The Met Office has issued flash warnings of widespread icy roads and drifting snow across much of northern Scotland and the Borders, north-east England, and Yorkshire and Humber from Wednesday afternoon into Thursday morning.
There are less severe warnings in place for snow right across northern and eastern Scotland and eastern England from Northumberland to the south coast from Thursday through to Sunday.
Wales and south-west England could also see snow on Friday.
Daytime temperatures in central London on Saturday could fall to around 2C (35F), compared with an average of 9C (48F) for the time of year.
In south-east Scotland, the temperature could struggle to get above 0C (32F).
Snow has already fallen this winter across the Pennine hills and the Scottish Highlands, with some roads forced to close.
As we leave the centenary year of the war's outbreak, one major culprit seems to have been conspicuous by his absence
Before we leave the centenary year of the outbreak of war in 1914 there's someone we should talk about. Everyone now knows about the famous Christmas truce and football matches. But this was a war that was meant to have been “over by Christmas” 1914, not dragging on for four blood-soaked years. Plenty share blame for that, but one major culprit who seems to have been conspicuous by his absence in 2014 deserves a name check: Otto von Bismarck.
I'm astonished by this. Cynical and brilliant, an empire-builder who proclaimed the supremacy of “iron and blood” – actually it was his friend, Alfred (“Cannon King”) Krupp's new guns made of steel that shed the blood – the Prussian chief minister turned first pan-German chancellor became the dominant European statesman of the 19th century, a near contemporary of Abraham Lincoln, a better man with a better legacy (and much better jokes).
Unlike the gentle 16th US president (1861-65) the highly aggressive Bismarck was far from a reluctant war-maker. In power from 1862 to 1890 he engineered three short wars – they're where the word “blitzkrieg” comes from – against Denmark (1863), Austria (1866) and France (1870) to turn Prussia into the Second Reich (1871-1918) – the first had been medieval – and fatally undermined Germany's fragile liberal institutions at a critical stage of their evolution.
What Germans got instead was a militarised monarchical autocracy sustained by rampant nationalism and supported by intellectuals of all kinds – sociologist Max Weber later repented his enthusiasm – who should have known better. Parliament was marginalised, the parties manipulated against each other, and Bismarck threatened to resign whenever he was seriously challenged. It was outrageous and it ended in the ruins of Berlin of 1945.
Yes, Bismarck spent the last 20 years of his career protecting the peace in Europe before the idiot new Kaiser, Wilhelm II, sacked him (Punch's cartoonist famously portrayed it as “Dropping the Pilot”). But the damage was done. Bismarck had built a racing car only he could drive.
This kind of behaviour always matters because there are usually talented politicians around who see military adventurism and democratic corner-cutting as a tempting path to domestic ascendancy and wider prestige. Vladimir Putin seems to be ticking some boxes – witness this week's intimidatory conviction of a promising opponent – but there are others in sight. Close to home Turkey's Recep Erdoğan strikes me as a clever man with a dangerous lack of scruple. And, before anyone mentions Margaret Thatcher, she was usually rather cautious and sensitive to parliament, more so than Tony Blair was, I am sorry to say.
After its humiliations at the hands of Napoleon, 19th century Prussia's was – even more than under Frederick the Great – a conscious process of self-aggrandisement. Plenty resisted the trend and Bismarck's “iron and blood” exposition of his realpolitik ambitions in 1862 nearly got him fired before he started. He was not charismatic, soft-spoken, even hesitant, but utterly dominant over his king and even the powerful military, which privately mocked his weakness for uniforms. Try this interview with his biographer Jonathan Steinberg for a flavour of him. “This man means what he says,” Benjamin Disraeli concluded. Scary.
Roman history was again in vogue in Germany when in 1871, Bismarck's patsy, Wilhelm I, king of victorious Prussia against Napoleon III, copied the Russian tsars and got an upgrade to Caesar – the new German Kaiser – proclaimed in the Hall of Mirrors at occupied Versailles. Less than 50 years later the defeated Germans were back in Versailles to accept an unjust, dictated peace in 1918, itself overthrown with a vengeance by Hitler in 1940.
Thank goodness the good Germans, the Germans of Beethoven and Schiller, have been back in charge since 1945, the kind of high-minded moderate people who were sidelined in the Bismarck era after the failed bourgeois revolution of 1848. They make their share of mistakes – the eurozone's economic policies are largely shaped in Berlin – but they are not to be equated with the dreadful legacy of Kaiser Bill, let alone of Adolf Hitler, despite what unimaginative Eurosceptics say after reading the Daily Express.
Why does Bismarck escape blame as the chief architect of 20th-century Germany – and thus the man who created a militarised political machine that only he could handle? He used to get plenty of blame, but historical memory does funny things and the enormity of Hitler's regime (he was “Vienna's revenge on Berlin” wrote AJP Taylor) seems to have blotted out the significant past. When I ask Germans now they sometimes say: “Well, Bismarck is remembered mostly for the social security system he set up,” one designed to neutralise the appeal of socialism, still recognisable and admired today.
We can follow that line of argument. Bismarck's Reich pioneered the modern welfare state, copied by others, including progressive British Liberals such as David Lloyd George and Winston Churchill between 1906 and the outbreak of war. Much criticism can be made of both of them over long careers, but neither was a militarist nor would-be autocrat, bent on destroying accountable government.
Churchill was quite soppy about parliament. At a perilous moment in 1917 he told a fellow Liberal MP in the darkened Commons that “this little room is the shrine of the world's liberties”, one that would decide the outcome of the war. “It is for the virtue of this that we shall muddle through to success and for lack of this Germany's brilliant efficiency leads her to final destruction.” If we throw in a little help from the US and the British empire he was right about that – twice. You can imagine Abraham Lincoln saying it – but never Bismarck.
In any case there is a sense in which the first world war was indeed over by Christmas 1914, only Bismarck's autocratic heirs couldn't accept it. Unlike in 1870 and again in 1940 the Germans had failed to take Paris in another lightning war that summer. At great cost in lives the armies of the despised French Third Republic – shovelling troops up from the capital in buses and taxis – and Britain's “contemptible little army” (Kaiser Bill's phrase) held the line at the first battle of the Marne, just 30 miles north-east of Paris.
It had been a close thing, but on 11 September Helmuth von Moltke, German commander and nephew of the victor of 1870, ordered a retreat to the river Aisne, lines that would be “fortified and defended”, he ordered – in other words trenches. They soon stretched 600 miles from the Channel to the Swiss frontier. Blitzkrieg turned into “iron and blood” stalemate, much as it had in the trench warfare of Abraham Lincoln's US civil war (1861-65) if anyone had noticed.
Moltke was replaced as chief of the German general staff three days later, but the war went on: four Christmases, including one truce, to go. The winners would be the ones with the deepest pockets, not with the biggest Krupp gun or the silliest helmets.
NPR Battleground Map: Clinton Tide Rises Again
After the first presidential debate and heading into Round 2 on Sunday, Hillary Clinton has taken what appears to be a firm lead over Donald Trump.
According to the latest NPR Battleground Map, the Democrat once again clears 270 electoral votes, the threshold needed to be president, with just the states leaning in her direction.
She would win the presidency at this point without any of the tossups, states that could go to either Clinton or Trump. That means Clinton could win without Florida, North Carolina, Nevada and Arizona (the tossups).
It also means she would win without places that are now leaning toward Trump and were former tossups — Ohio, Iowa and two electoral votes between Nebraska and Maine which, unlike other states, split their electoral votes partially by congressional district. Those happen to all be places where the demographics favor Trump — older, whiter and with a smaller immigrant population.
Just the polls ... Clinton expands to more than 300 electoral votes
Highlighting how much wider Clinton's path to the White House is — and how much the country may be at a demographic inflection point — Clinton could win in an electoral landslide with more than 300 electoral votes even without those states now leaning toward Trump.
Just based on the polls, Clinton's lead has expanded significantly from last month. It went from 287-251 to 322-216 electoral votes.
A big caveat, though: A lot of that is because Florida moved in Clinton's direction. And based on an average of the polls, Clinton is just about a percentage point ahead of Trump there — well within the margin of error. It's equally razor-tight in North Carolina and Nevada, which have also moved slightly in Clinton's favor.
There is an argument that if this is a high-water mark for Clinton after the first debate, a better debate for Trump could move those states back.
Those three add up to 50 electoral votes. But if Trump were to win all of them, he'd still be four electoral votes short of a majority. He'd need one more — New Hampshire? Pennsylvania? Colorado? New Hampshire's demographics might favor Trump, but polling has shown Clinton with — so far — a durable lead there.
By Edward Chaykovsky
CEO Kathy Duva of Main Events, who promote IBF/WBA/WBO light heavyweight champion Sergey Kovalev (27-0-1, 24KOs), feels very good about the possibility of a 2016 showdown taking place with Olympic gold medal winner Andre Ward (27-0, 14KOs).
Ward is returning on June 20th at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, California. The fight will be his first since a win over Edwin Rodriguez in November of 2013. Now with a new promoter, Roc Nation Sports, Ward will step into the ring against British contender Paul Smith.
Ward's return is taking place at a catch-weight of 172-pounds. He's dominated the 168-pound division for several years. There is a good possibility, based on his performance next Saturday night, that he makes the full jump to light heavyweight.
And if he makes that jump to 175, a fight with Kovalev is waiting and Duva has already spoken with Roc Nation about the fight.
"Yes, that is the mega fight. You have Andre Ward, who if he moves up to 175 pounds, he will immediately be put near the top of the 175 pound rankings, he is already in the top pound for pound rankings in the world. Sergey Kovalev is in the top ten pound for pound rankings, most people's top five. If you have two fighters in the top five pound for pound fighting each other, that's a big fight, it's a big deal," Duva told On The Ropes Boxing Radio .
"I expect that fight is probably going to happen. I've already had conversations with his promoter and they told me that one of their options was to have a fight with Sergey Kovalev next year. I'm happy to see Andre Ward's next fight is at 172 pounds, let's hope he makes his way up to 175."
Image copyright Getty Images
Broadcasters have said plans for three TV general election debates in April will go ahead, despite David Cameron saying he will take part in only one.
It means Mr Cameron - who has rejected a head-to-head debate with Ed Miliband - could be "empty chaired".
Mr Miliband said it was "judgement day" for the prime minister, who was "a weak leader running from his record".
Downing Street said it would not back down on its "final offer" of one seven-way debate in March.
Mr Cameron's communications chief Craig Oliver said it was "disappointing" that the broadcasters were not prepared to take up the prime minister's offer.
"I am ready to discuss at your convenience the logistics of making the debate we have suggested happen," he added in a written response to the broadcasters' decision.
'Running scared'
Downing Street has blamed the broadcasters for "chaotic" negotiations, which have gone on for months.
Mr Miliband said: "I think the broadcasters are absolutely right to reserve the right to empty chair the prime minister.
"These debates don't belong to him; they don't belong to me. They belong to the British people.
"He should stop ducking and weaving. He should stop running scared. He should agree to these debates."
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg urged David Cameron to drop his objections, tweeting: "You haven't got your own way so accept it and take part."
Analysis by BBC Political Correspondent Ben Wright
Image caption The 2010 leader debates gained large audiences
This is a defiant move by the broadcasters.
They could have chosen to blink and accept the "final offer" made by Number 10 on Wednesday and end the negotiation saga.
Instead, the BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and Sky have said they will continue with three debates in April as planned.
They have made it clear all the debates will happen regardless of whether invited parties turn up or not - and today described the head-to-head debate, with Mr Cameron and and Miliband, as "vital".
But proceeding without Mr Cameron would be a massive step for the broadcasters to take.
And to complicate matters further the one-on-one contest would have to comply with the broadcasters' own rules on fairness and balance - perhaps the basis of a challenge from Number 10.
Downing Street is adamant that it is the broadcasters who have badly mishandled the whole process and that it is "disappointing" that they have not accepted the prime minster's final offer.
But Mr Miliband said it was "make your mind uptime" for Mr Cameron - and the ball is back in Downing Street's court.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage said: "I am pleased that the broadcasters have stood firm at last, but it would have been far better had they stuck with their original proposal which included fewer parties.
"Nonetheless we accept the challenge."
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said: "A Tory prime minister simply cannot be allowed to dictate terms to everyone else taking part."
Green leader Natalie Bennett said Mr Cameron's refusal to take part in the debates as planned was further damaging the reputation of politics and the proposed format was "very fair".
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said: "I'm delighted that the broadcasters are holding firm. It would have been wrong for one individual to dictate and change the terms of these debates."
But Peter Robinson, leader of the DUP and First Minister of Northern Ireland, said the debate negotiations had been the "greatest electoral shambles of all time".
"Just who do the broadcasters think they are, that they can set down a diktat?" he told Sky News.
Mr Cameron has raised concerns about the exclusion of the DUP from the broadcasters' plans but the BBC Trust has rejected calls for it to reconsider their participation.
Sky, the BBC, Channel 4 and ITV have invited the leaders of the Conservatives, Labour, Lib Dems, UKIP, the SNP, the Green Party of England and Wales and Plaid Cymru to take part in two debates lasting two hours each during the election campaign.
Planned debate schedule
April 2: Seven-way debate featuring David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage, Nicola Sturgeon, Natalie Bennett and Leanne Wood (ITV broadcast)
April 16: Seven-way debate featuring David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage, Nicola Sturgeon, Natalie Bennett and Leanne Wood (BBC broadcast)
April 30: Head-to-head debate featuring David Cameron and Ed Miliband (Channel 4 and Sky News broadcast)
As it stands, the broadcasters have said the debates will go ahead as originally planned on 2 and 16 April, while a planned head-to-head encounter between the Conservative and Labour leaders will also continue on 30 April.
In a joint letter to Craig Oliver, the four broadcasters said they believed their proposal was more suitable than the one debate proposed by the prime minister.
"We have given your proposal serious consideration but we don't think it achieves the goal of providing our viewers with election debates that can properly explore a reasonably full range of issues," they said.
They added: "We very much hope that all invited leaders will participate in the broadcast debates. However, in the end all we can do - as impartial public service broadcasters - is to provide a fair forum for debates to take place.
"It will always remain the decision of individual leaders whether or not to take part."
The broadcasters said they would be prepared to meet Mr Cameron or his representatives for talks on the way forward.
As tensions with North Korea escalate into a full-on cold war, a cold cyberwar is playing out in tandem: Beneath the very public nuclear standoff, both the US and North Korea have privately ramped up their digital aggression, the Kim regime's hackers rampaging through networks around the globe and the US answering with its own attacks on the systems used by those hackers.
But despite the US government's dominating powers in the digital realm, security experts and former intelligence officials believe that battlefield favors North Korea. US hackers can take bites out of the edges of North Korea's infrastructure. But getting to its core—and anywhere close to disrupting or even delaying its nuclear capabilities—will be extremely difficult, they say, if not impossible.
Last week, The Washington Post reported that US Cyber Command had hit computers used by North Korea's Reconnaissance General Bureau (or RGB) and taken them offline at least temporarily, one element in a new, no-holds-barred directive to use all available tools to curtail the rogue state's aggression. And in fact, security analysts say that what little of the Hermit Kingdom's operations do connect to the internet are likely as vulnerable to US hacking operations as those of other adversaries, if not more so.
But even that successful RGB strike appears to have been a denial of service attack—in which junk traffic overwhelms a system—rather than a penetrating breach of North Korea's computers. And the vast majority of North Korea's overall infrastructure still remains disconnected, vastly reducing any footholds for hackers—and making the prospect of compromising its locked-down and air-gapped nuclear weapons systems all the more daunting.
Limited Impact
American cyber operations against North Korea break down into two parts: Those designed to hamper North Korea's own offensive hacking and intelligence capabilities and those designed to disrupt physical infrastructure like its missile program, says Atlantic Council fellow Jason Healey. The US can manage the first type well enough, albeit with mostly limited, temporary consequences. But the latter—what Healey describes as a "left of boom" strategy—can be exceedingly tough against an adversary as disconnected as the Kim regime.
"You can imagine we want to throw off their warmaking capability, get in and mess with their rockets, 'Stuxnet' them in very specific ways," says Healey, referring to the Stuxnet malware the NSA and Israeli intelligence used to sabotage Iranian enrichment facilities in 2009. "I think it would be incredibly, incredibly difficult."
In fact, the US did attempt Stuxnet-style sabotage against North Korea in 2010, years before the Kim regime had the combined ability to create a nuclear weapon and launch it across the Pacific, according to a 2015 Reuters report. The attempt failed. America's hackers simply couldn't reach the deeply isolated core computers that controlled North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
'Most government and military networks are not directly connected to the internet and it would be quite difficult to access them.' Priscilla Moriuchi, Former NSA Analyst
Much more recently, The New York Times has reported that the US attempted supply-chain attacks that would corrupt the North Korean missile launches, perhaps by tainting software or hardware components. In recent years, those missile launches have had failure rates as high as 88 percent, perhaps a sign that those programs worked at least in part. But over the last several months, North Korea has had repeated successes in launching intercontinental ballistic missiles that could reach the United States. If supply-chain sabotage did work at some point, those tests suggest it may well have been overcome.
Cut Off
For years, US officials and analysts have warned that North Korea's anachronistic separation from the internet would be transformed into an advantage in an age of state-sponsored hacking. In his 2010 book Cyberwar, former US counterterrorism czar Richard Clarke ranked countries by their cyber-conflict preparedness. He placed North Korea first, and the US dead last, based on their diametrically opposed reliance on the internet.
Even today, the country's connections remain extremely limited. Despite its new internet connection via Russia, North Korea has only about 1,500 available IP addresses, says Priscilla Moriuchi, a researcher at security intelligence firm Recorded Future, and a former NSA analyst focused on East Asia. Of those, nearly half are used by known propaganda and informational websites, Moriuchi says.
North Korea's more offensive hacking operations, meanwhile, are generally hosted abroad, most commonly in China. All of that leaves very scarce footholds for the NSA or US Cyber Command's hackers—much fewer targets that could lead to the most inner sanctum of the country's weapons systems. "My best educated guess, based on that limited IP range, is that most government and military networks are not directly connected to the internet and it would be quite difficult to access them—although not impossible," Moriuchi says.
If US hackers could find an initial point of entry, they might find an appealing target in North Korea's intranet, its own country-wide walled garden network known as Kwangmyong. The majority of that internal network runs on North Korea's own homebrewed version of the Linux operating system, known as Red Star OS. And that operating system is likely deeply vulnerable to any skilled hacker that can reach it, says Matthew Hickey, a security researcher and founder of London-based security firm Hacker House.
Hickey has analyzed two older versions of the Red Star operating system for both desktop computers and servers. He says he's found bountiful flaws: They include one "command injection" vulnerability that would allow anyone tricked into merely clicking on a link to have their computer fully taken over by a remote hacker, and an older Samba vulnerability that would allow a hacker to spread a malware infection from server to server. "I'm not the NSA," he says. "If I can hack it, surely the NSA can." He also points to a leaked document from the Italian intrusion-for-hire firm Hacking Team that revealed more than a dozen Red Star vulnerabilities for sale.
But North Korea's government is careful not to offer any easy connection to that intranet from the outside world, says Will Scott, a security researcher at the University of Michigan who spent several months-long stints in North Korea teaching at one of its universities. He says he's observed Red Star running on infrastructure ranging from computers at the country's Science and Technology Exhibition Center to the library at Pyongyang's Kim Il Sung University. But he found that organizations in North Korea were always careful to connect computers to either the country's intranet or the internet—never both. Scott believes the most sensitive targets, like missile systems, likely aren't connected to either the internet or the intranet, and run custom software built by foreign suppliers.
That kind of strict air gap, Scott says, means any successful attack—and particularly any attack that would offer feedback as to whether it had succeeded or not—would require a human agent working to manually sabotage target systems. "The networks themselves are air-gapped and isolated enough that it's more about getting someone to work for you," Scott says. "It's going to come down to that relationship, not a purely external hack."
High Risk Maneuvers
Planting a human agent in the heart of North Korea's most sensitive military facilities would be about as hard as it sounds, says Columbia's Healey, who also worked as the director for Cyber Infrastructure Protection under the Bush administration. And he suggests that even if that moonshot sabotage operation were successful, it might not have the intended effect. If North Korea believes its nuclear missile capacity is being threatened, he warns that the country could respond with a pre-emptive strike. "This stuff is ripe for miscalculation," Healey says.
All of which means that no one should expect even the robust skills of the NSA or US Cyber Command to defuse the pressure cooker forming around North Korea's nuclear weapons. Diplomacy with one of the world's worst governments may not seem appealing. But facing a disconnected, isolated, sociopathic state backed into a corner, it may be a far better option than a Hail Mary hacker attack.
dorkvader:
saurons: destroythechantry: geeksandgaymers: amazingmumbo: unkemptstory: boeties: c-c-chuck: pockytardis: rivan-okurelin: singingbathtubs: caledscratch: once-ler-ingitup: boice: oh …..oh… sobbing oh„, i thought this was gonna be a video about battling cancer but it was much worse oh god oh my god… everyone, watch this. immediately. That is a shame.
Actually.. It applies to each and every one of us. I can't even speak right now that was so powerful. Sobbing because I get this sometimes.. :'( Guys… I am normally really good about not reblogging serious things on this blog (I like to think G&G is an upbeat blog), but people really need to see this video. I know this is a blog for our inner geeks, and this is totally unrelated, but I urge you all to watch this. It's pretty short. -Kegan Fuck, I totally put this on the wrong blog. Sorry guys, should have shown you hours ago. … DD: ALL MY CREYS! I know it's cliche for me to say that I don't usually reblog things like these but I really have to give it up for this girl for being so courageous to admit her problem. I think we all can relate to how she feels one way or another. Shit.
This may seem like something you've seen before, but it talks about a much deeper problem, one that affects us all and has been doing horrible things to our lives for a long, long time.
Take a couple minutes of your daily blogging to watch this, I swear you won't regret giving your time to such a deep concern, to our youth.
(Source: eggplantgoddess)
Here at IAR , we haven't said too much about the casting of the RoboCop remake, partially because there's been so much of it, but mostly because the notion of a RoboCop is something we're still having trouble getting out heads around. In this case, though, we're making an exception. Why? Because the newest addition to the cast is a proven source of onscreen excellence: Michael Keaton .
Yeah, the same Michael Keaton who played Bruce Wayne in two Batman movies and created an insanely exuberant character with Beetlejuice. The guy who pretty much stole Toy Story 3 and The Other Guys a few summers back. Mr. Mom himself. As underrated as an actor with his profile could possibly be.
He's joined the cast of Jose Padilha's take on RoboCop as the big bad guy, Omnicorp CEO Raymond Sellars. Omnicorp is the remake version of the original's Omni Consumer Products, the company that turns cop Alex Murphy into RoboCop. Presumably, the character corresponds at least a little to Dick Jones, the OCP blowhard played by Ronny Cox in Paul Verhoeven's audacious, brilliant 1987 satire.
Sellars is a role with which House star and general British delight Hugh Laurie has been associated for some time, but news that his negotiations didn't pan out arrived online last Friday. Initial reports mentioned Clive Owen as a possible replacement, suggesting that Padilha and company were looking to keep things British. Not so, it turns out, as Keaton's on board.
Padilha himself told Deadline, which broke Keaton's casting, “Michael is the final addition to the amazing cast we have assembled for this film and it is so great to have the last puzzle piece in place. It is thrilling that everything has come together to bring this innovative new vision of RoboCop to life. We've got a great script, a great cast, some killer ED-209's and I can't wait to get Alex Murphy back on the streets.”
The film, being brought to us by MGM and Sony Pictures, certainly has a formidable cast. Joel Kinnaman of AMC's The Killing is set to play Alex Murphy, and he'll be supporting by the likes of Gary Oldman, Abbie Cornish, Michael Kenneth Williams, Jay Baruchel, and Jackie Earle Haley.
This new RoboCop, which will have to be pretty damn unique to justify its existence, follows this year's less-than-entirely-successful remake of Verhoeven's Total Recall. Production has yet to begin, but the RoboCop remake is scheduled to hit theaters on August 9, 2013.
And now, for your enjoyment, is a spoilery compilation of Keaton's perfectly-delivered TLC references in Adam McKay's The Other Guys:
by Catherine Zandonella, Office of the Dean for Research
A study of sediment cores collected from the deep ocean supports a new explanation for how glacier melting at the end of the ice ages led to the release of carbon dioxide from the ocean.
The study published in Nature suggests that melting glaciers in the northern hemisphere caused a disruption of deep ocean currents, leading to the release of trapped carbon dioxide from the Southern Ocean around Antarctica.
Understanding what happened when previous glaciers melted could help climate researchers make accurate predictions about future global temperature increases and their effects on the planet.
The evidence is strong that ice ages are driven by periodic changes in the amount of sunlight reaching the poles due to cyclic changes in Earth's rotation and orbit. Yet scientists have been puzzled by evidence that although the timing of ice ages are best explained by changes in sunlight in the northern part of the globe, the warming at the end of ice ages occurred first in the southern hemisphere, with a rise in carbon dioxide levels appearing to be cued from the south.
The new study suggests that changes in ocean currents, connecting the north to the south through the deep ocean, were to blame.
Part of this story was suggested more than a decade ago and is already accepted by many climate scientists: As glaciers in the north started melting, the influx of fresh water diluted the salty waters that today flow to the north from the tropics as an extension of the Gulf Stream. Normally, these salty waters become cool and sink into the deep ocean, forming cold and dense water that flows southward, and allowing more salty tropical water to take its place in a sort of ocean conveyor belt. But the influx of fresh water due to melting glaciers stalled the conveyor belt.
So how did this lead to changes in the southern hemisphere?
The new research suggests that the shutdown in northern sinking water allowed southern-sourced water to fill up the deep Atlantic, setting up a new ocean circulation pattern. This new circulation pattern brought deep-sea water, which was rich in carbon dioxide due to sunken dead marine algae, to the surface near Antarctica, where the gas escaped into the atmosphere and acted to drive global warming. (See diagram.)
The researchers included investigators from ETH Zürich, Princeton University, the University of Miami, the University of British Columbia, and the University of Bremen and the Alfred Wegener Institute in Germany. The Princeton effort was led by Daniel Sigman, the Dusenbury Professor of Geological and Geophysical Sciences.
The team tracked these historic movements of water through the study of sediment cores that are rich in silicon dioxide, or opal. Tiny marine algae known as diatoms make their cell walls out of opal, and when the organisms die, their opal remains sink to the deep sea bed.
The researchers looked at opal in sediment core samples drilled from deep beneath the ocean floor off the coast of northwest Africa and Antarctica. The team found that each period of glacier melting, which occurred five times over the last 550 thousand years, corresponded to a spike in the amount of the opal in the sediment, signaling an increase in diatom growth. The timing of the opal spikes provides evidence that the deep, opal-rich waters in the south were drawn to the surface in response to new meltwater entering the northern ocean.
The mechanism clashes with a previously offered explanation of why the melting of the northern glaciers, or deglaciations, leads to the release of ocean carbon dioxide from the Southern Ocean – the theory that the melting glaciers in the north increased southern hemisphere westerly winds, which in turn caused upwelling of Southern Ocean deep waters. “While distinguishing between these alternatives is important,” says Sigman, “the greater challenge is to test and understand a premise that is shared by both of these scenarios: that ice age conditions around Antarctica caused the deep ocean to be sluggish and rich in carbon dioxide. If this was really how the ice age ocean operated, then it calls for us to reconsider how we expect deep ocean circulation to respond to modern global warming.”
Read the abstract.
A. N. Meckler, D. M. Sigman, K. A. Gibson, R. François, A. Martínez-García, S. L. Jaccard, U. Röhl, L. C. Peterson, R. Tiedemann & G. H. Haug. 2013. Deglacial pulses of deep-ocean silicate into the subtropical North Atlantic Ocean. Nature 495 (7442), 495-498. doi:10.1038/nature12006. Published online 27 March, 2013.
This research used samples provided by the ODP, which is sponsored by the US National Science Foundation (NSF) and participating countries under the management of the Joint Oceanographic Institutions. XRF data were acquired at the XRF Core Scanner Lab at MARUM – Center for Marine Environmental Sciences, University of Bremen, with support from the DFG-Leibniz Center for Surface Process and Climate Studies at the University of Potsdam. Further support was provided by the US NSF through grant OCE-1060947 to D.M.S. and by NSERC and CFCAS to R.F.
Donald Trump has called climate change a “hoax” and said he plans to unburden American industries from Obama-era requirements to limit emissions of carbon dioxide and the other greenhouse gases causing the planet to warm.
In the crosshairs of his agenda — according to written statements the Trump campaign made shortly before the Nov. 8 election — is a 2009 determination by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency that greenhouse gases are dangerous to human health and security, a ruling that serves as the foundation for the EPA's efforts to curb climate-damaging emissions and that affects its governing of everything from automobile exhaust to power plants to refrigerators.
But overturning that rule — known as the “endangerment finding” — might prove difficult, if not impossible, to accomplish with anything like the simple administrative stroke of the pen, according to legal experts.
“Attempting to overturn the endangerment finding would be like running toward a machine gun,” said Michael Gerrard, director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University. “Scientific support was very strong when it was issued in 2009; it has become much stronger since then.”
The rule represented the direct evolution of a 2007 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court, one that determined that the EPA not only had the authority to regulate climate gases as pollutants under the federal Clean Air Act, but was obligated to do so. The court directed the EPA to examine the scientific evidence and determine if greenhouse gases posed a threat to the public.
The EPA did that — examining everything from the potential for more damaging hurricanes, to death rates due to ozone and heat exposure, to deadly exposure to pathogens — and concluded in unambiguous terms that there was “compelling” reason to believe the gases threaten the health of Americans, and that the threat would get worse.
The agency's conclusion rested on thousands of pages of peer-reviewed research, from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, from the U.S. Global Climate Research Program, and from the National Research Council. The agency wrote its rules and subjected them to public criticism. The public submitted voluminous comments, all of which were reviewed by the EPA before it issued a final rule.
The original rule-writing process alone took 14 months, (or 10 years if you count the arguments leading up to the 2007 Supreme Court fight). After its completion, The American Chemistry Council and other groups petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia to review the validity of the finding. In 2012, that court upheld the EPA's endangerment rule, finding that the agency's interpretation of its authority and of its obligation to regulate carbon dioxide “is unambiguously correct.”
In order to effectively eliminate the rule now, one former EPA attorney told ProPublica, the Trump administration would likely have to reargue the original decision, including the merits of the scientific evidence, and then build on it.
Per the Supreme Court's 2007 decision, the new administration would have to use existing evidence to prove no risk is posed by climate gases. Then it would have to explain how new information that has emerged since 2009 — a period including the hottest years on record, some of the biggest storms and driest droughts, and destabilizing mass human migration — demonstrate how the EPA erred in its 2009 conclusion.
It's a steep hill to climb, and, as Gerrard points out, would inevitably lead to a fresh wave of lawsuits both against the EPA and against polluters directly in courts across the country.
In the meantime, the EPA remains obligated to enforce the climate-related rules on record.
There is, however, another option, but not one the Trump administration can execute alone: Congress could render the Supreme Court's 2007 decision moot by passing new legislation amending the Clean Air Act itself — changing the landmark 1970 environmental law so as to explicitly exclude its oversight of carbon dioxide, methane and the pollutants known to be driving climate change.
Such a step would inevitably invite filibuster resistance not only among Democrats, but among Republicans concerned about climate risks, said Gerrard.
David Goldston, director of public affairs at the Natural Resources Defense Council, said Trump and other Republicans may try and chip away at environmental enforcement or regulations that are based on the finding, but not likely the finding itself.
“There's a reason why, despite all the ideological gnashing of teeth for 20 years at least, that Republicans haven't actually been able to touch the Clean Air Act successfully,” Goldston said. “It passed by a wide bipartisan margin, and it turns out, it's almost like an article of faith with the public.”
If you're an NHL fan that hasn't fallen into a slumber of apathy, then you're probably a bit cheesed off at the owners and players for putting the season at risk through their respective avarice. You're angry, put can't quite put into words what you want to do about it.
Please allow RiSHI, rapper and frat boy, to help you out. Here's "The Fan Lockout," your unofficial hip-hop anthem of fan angst.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Oh, that's catchy. Nice of PK Subban to show up, too.
Sample prose:
What about the fans man? The ones who buy the tickets
The ones who don't have payrolls with such high statistics
You want more money and then pretend you're hardly greedy
You're far from needy as you sit in your Ferrari GT
Lacin' up, claim to play the game they love
Looks to me like love got pricy so we're savin' up
The players wanting in the NHL is making billions
"We need money we're not playing hockey till you pay more millions!"
And Gary Bettman, let's make a bet man
I say you don't really care about upset fans
As long as pockets making profits here's our final offer
Rejecting three proposals, ten minutes no time to ponder
So here's a song for the workers selling chips and hot dogs
For the pub servers, making less tips and lost jobs
All cause some millionaires can't make the peace
They say temperatures rising so lets raise the heat.
YES! THE PUB SERVERS! Won't anyone think of the men and women who expertly pour a Guinness to the pathetic hockey scribes hours after the locker rooms have closed …
Nice work here by RiSHI, although we're left wondering what, exactly, the Vancouver Canucks and Calgary Flames did to warrant exclusion from his chorus. We imagine it has something to do with Brendan Morrison.
Paul George is going where?
Hours before the arrival of NBA free agency, NBA fans had to question what they heard when word got out June 30 that the Indiana Pacers had traded George to the Oklahoma City Thunder for guard Victor Oladipo and forward Domantas Sabonis. The Cleveland Cavaliers, Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards were interested in acquiring George, whose preferred destination is the Los Angeles Lakers. The Pacers had an outside-the-box idea in sending George to the Thunder to play alongside 2017 NBA MVP Russell Westbrook.
With the stunning George news leading the way, the following are The Undefeated's observations on the most interesting developments from the opening weekend of free agency.
PG to OKC?
The Thunder rolled the dice, trading quality talent in Oladipo and Sabonis to acquire one of the NBA's top players in George, who is expected to opt out of his contract to become a free agent in 2018. There may not be a better 1-2 punch in the NBA next season than Westbrook-George. It will be interesting to see how the two coexist, as Westbrook took an NBA-high 24 shots per game last season while George ranked 18th with 18 per game.
The Thunder hope that Westbrook agrees to a lucrative contract extension before the season and that George eventually follows suit, but the latter appears to be a long shot. There probably needs to be a run to at least the Western Conference finals to persuade George to sign with the Thunder long term. Even with Westbrook by his side, it's hard to see the four-time All-Star passing on joining the Lakers as a free agent next year. Just imagine if the Lakers also figure out a way to offer a free-agent deal to the NBA's biggest superstar in LeBron James next summer to join George and promising youngsters Lonzo Ball and Brandon Ingram in Los Angeles.
George hasn't mentioned anything publicly about the Thunder other than posting a picture of himself and Westbrook on Instagram. George's news conference in Oklahoma City will be must-see TV when it happens. And if things go poorly or don't appear optimistic in the long term for George with the Thunder, general manager Sam Presti still has the option of dealing him before the trade deadline.
Will Melo say hello to Rockets or Cavs?
Even with the recent departure of Phil Jackson from the New York Knicks, All-Star forward Carmelo Anthony could be playing elsewhere next season. ESPN.com's Adrian Wojnarowski reported early Monday morning that Anthony would waive his no-trade clause to play with the Cleveland Cavaliers or Houston Rockets. The Knicks have also made it known that they remain hopeful they can trade Anthony, ESPN.com's Ian Begley has reported.
Anthony could join a close friend in either move: James with the Cavaliers or Chris Paul with the Rockets. While financially a deal including Rockets forward Ryan Anderson could work for Anthony, Begley has previously reported that the Knicks aren't interested in the sharpshooter. The Cavaliers have appeared open to trading forward Kevin Love. The Knicks sans Jackson are currently being run by experienced general manager Steve Mills, who has a solid relationship with Anthony. Anthony has two years and $54 million guaranteed left on his contract, plus a trade kicker that could pay him an additional $8.1 million.
Rockets blasting off
The Rockets shook up the NBA world by acquiring Paul last week to share the backcourt with fellow All-Star guard James Harden. The big question is how will one of the NBA's greatest point guards share the ball with the Rockets' current star point guard? The good news for the Rockets is Paul will be happy playing off the ball much more, a source told The Undefeated. The Rockets could have a scary offense with Paul and Harden sharing point guard duties in 2017 NBA Coach of the Year Mike D'Antoni's free-flowing offense.
According to Wojnarowski, the Rockets finally agreed to terms to re-sign center Nene to a three-year, $11 million deal after an initial contract snag that was due to his age. One Rockets source told The Undefeated that it was “critical” to the franchise to have Nene coming off the bench again this season. Houston also landed one of the NBA's toughest defenders by agreeing to terms with free-agent forward P.J. Tucker. Keep in mind that 2017 NBA Sixth Man of the Year Eric Gordon and notable 3-point shooter Anderson are on the roster. While an attempt to land George has sailed, keep an eye on whether the Rockets can steal Anthony away via trade. The Rockets appear to have surpassed the San Antonio Spurs as the biggest Western Conference threat to the NBA champion Golden State Warriors with or without the addition of Anthony. With Anthony, Houston becomes an even more serious challenger to the champs.
Will Hayward stay?
The Utah Jazz have a franchise-altering meeting in San Diego on Monday with their All-Star free-agent forward Gordon Hayward. Hayward has visited with the Miami Heat and the Boston Celtics, who are coached by Brad Stevens, his former college coach. Jazz coach Quin Snyder, president Steve Starks, general manager Dennis Lindsey and standout center Rudy Gobert are expected to be in the meeting. It would be smart for the Jazz to also bring recently re-signed free-agent guard Joe Ingles and assistant coach Johnnie Bryant, who are the closest people to Hayward in the organization.
Hayward is the face of a Jazz franchise that is growing into a Western power with another star in Gobert. The Jazz made a smart move by acquiring veteran point guard Ricky Rubio before the meeting. Big-market Boston has the most upside right now, but it is All-Star Isaiah Thomas' team. Don't sleep on persuasive team president Pat Riley in big-market Miami. But Hayward hails from small-town Brownsburg, Indiana, and doesn't appear to be a big-city guy.
Utah can sign Hayward to a max contract of five years, $172.4 million. Boston and Miami can offer four years, $127.8 million.
Will the Clippers still sail?
With Paul gone, Blake Griffin returned to being the main star for the Clippers after agreeing to a five-year, $173 million maximum deal. The Clippers, however, have lost their starting backcourt in Paul and J.J. Redick, who agreed to a one-year deal with the Philadelphia 76ers. The Clippers' roster includes standout center DeAndre Jordan and three hot scorers in Jamal Crawford, Austin Rivers and newcomer Lou Williams. The Clippers also landed three players in the Paul trade who should be in their rotation: possible starting point guard Patrick Beverley, forward Sam Dekker and big man Montrezl Harrell.
Time will tell how much Paul's departure truly hurts the Clippers. They still have the ability to create salary cap space to get a quality free agent. Free-agent forward Rudy Gay is meeting with two teams on Monday, one of which is the Clippers, sources told The Undefeated. With the Western Conference being so tough, the Clippers will need a healthy Griffin and a quick-jelling team of newcomers if they hope to avoid snapping their streak of six straight playoff appearances. ESPN.com's Ramona Shelburne has reported that a wealthier Griffin is expected to be back from his toe injury by season's start.
Timberwolves are howling
Say hello to the NBA's new power, the Minnesota Timberwolves. Yes, the Wolves. Kudos to president and coach Tom Thibodeau for acquiring All-Star guard Jimmy Butler via trade and landing free-agent commitments from point guard Jeff Teague and big man Taj Gibson. With budding superstar Karl-Anthony Towns, All-Star-caliber forward Andrew Wiggins and underrated center Gorgui Dieng on the roster, expect Minnesota to not only make the playoffs for the first time since 2004 but also to make some noise.
The Wolves are the new young darlings of the NBA with their star trio of Towns, Butler and Wiggins. Teague will have a tough job making sure all three are happy with their touches. Thibodeau, however, has the respect and coaching talent to make it all jell. The late Wolves fan Prince would be proud.
NEW YORK – Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin may have forwarded classified national security information to one of two personal, unsecured email accounts she regularly used to transact State Department business, the latest cache of emails released by Judicial Watch indicates.
Also on Monday, a federal judge ruled that the State Department must turn over any “non-exempt” documents related to Abedin's employment at the State Department, and the department must do so before Oct. 14.
Should President Trump try to prosecute Hillary? Sign the hottest petition in America now to show your support!
Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to personal addresses she controlled, [email protected][redacted] and [email protected][redacted].
Even more potentially damaging, of the 110 emails Abedin forwarded to her personal email servers, 45 were found by WND to have contained heavily redacted information, with some 20 of the emails 100 percent redacted. Many have a bold “PAGE DENIED” stamped on the page.
Now more than ever, Bill and Hill are “Partners in Crime.” Jerome Corsi reveals “The Clintons' scheme to monetize the White House for personal profit.”
In other words, almost half of the emails that Abedin forwarded to her unsecured personal account have information the State Department deems too sensitive to be seen by members of Congress or the American people.
Related stories:
Hillary sent ‘marked classified' info to nonsecure Abedin account
Hillary's newest headache: Sex and emails
Security vet: ‘Smoking gun' email should put Hillary in prison
Huma Abedin forwarded sensitive material to personal email
Hillary's chief of staff used personal email for State business
[email protected]
The private email address rendered [email protected][redacted] appears to be [email protected], as the address appears in its entirety on one of the 725 pages.
WND identified that approximately 45 emails that Abedin forwarded to one of her two private email addresses were redacted,
On Oct. 15, 2015, prior to Abedin's testimony in front of the House Select Committee, National Review reported the State Department explained the domain name of [email protected][redacted] was redacted to comply with a personal-privacy exemption.
On Aug. 14, 2015, the Washington Times reported that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Cheryl Mills, chief of staff to Clinton when she was secretary of state, used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton's private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business.
But until the Judicial Watch release this week, there was no proof Abedin had used her private email accounts as a forwarding address for State Department emails that contained sensitive material, including classified information.
It is not clear why Abedin found it necessary to forward State Department emails to her personal account.
What do YOU think? Who will win the race for the White House? Sounds off in today's WND poll
WND reported Thursday more than one-third of the 725 pages released by Judicial Watch this week were 100 percent redacted.
Judicial Watch said the new cache includes previously unreleased email exchanges in which Abedin “provided influential Clinton Foundation donors special, expedited access to the secretary of state.” In many instances, the preferential treatment provided to donors was at the specific request of Clinton Foundation executive Douglas Band.
Should President Trump try to prosecute Hillary? Sign the hottest petition in America now to show your support!
The new email release also shows Abedin left classified government information that needed to be burned in the front seat of her vehicle.
WND reported in 2012 Abedin was listed as an assistant editor for 12 years of a journal published by an Islamic institute co-founded by her father focused on how Muslims should conduct themselves under Islamic law in non-Muslim lands for the purpose of spreading Islam.
Another co-founder of her father's Institute for Minority Affairs was Abdullah Naseef, former director of the Muslim World League and founder of Rabita Trust, which was designated as a terrorist organization by the George W. Bush administration and is reputed to have funded al-Qaida. Abedin's mother, Saleha Mahmood Abedin, is the editor of the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs and a member of the Muslim Sisterhood, a branch of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Now more than ever, Bill and Hill are “Partners in Crime.” Jerome Corsi reveals “The Clintons' scheme to monetize the White House for personal profit.”
EJIDO RANCHO OJO LAGUNA, Mexico — For six years, while drought ravaged Chihuahua State, Mario Ruiz clung to his small herd of cattle.
The pasture where his cattle graze, about 45 miles north of the city of Chihuahua, turned bare. Many of his cows starved. Others he sold to buy fodder for this worth saving. Of 130 cows, just 30 are left.
Now that the rains have returned, turning the dusty steppe a rich green, farmers like Mr. Ruiz, 41, are struggling to restock their herds and dig themselves out of debt. They fret that the drought, which devastated crops and killed 400,000 head of cattle in Chihuahua State, just south of the United States border, could become a familiar enemy.
“If it rains, we'll survive,” Mr. Ruiz said. “But it seems like it rains less and it rains later.”
Faced with the growing threat of extreme weather — droughts, hurricanes and rising coastal waters — Mexico has positioned itself as a leader in the fight against climate change. It pledges to curb the rise in emissions significantly by 2020 and to produce one-third of its energy from clean sources by 2024.
Mafia 3: Next DLC – Donovan's Story
Mafia III's next DLC expansion is on it's way this upcoming May 30th, and is called Stones Unturned. The DLC will focus on John Donovan, Lincoln's ex-CIA Vietnam buddy, who has decided to make his way into the game more centrally. He will become your partner in crime for this section of gameplay, and help you fight your way through bounty hunting missions in New Bordeaux.
The game's senior writer has stated that the DLC will feel and play like a “great buddy action movie”, which as fan's of Uncharted will tell you is a feature that can really make gamers fall in love.
The writer went on to hint at the storyline that will be featured surrounding Donovan: “He's there with you every step of the way, helping unfold a mystery brewing in New Bordeaux. As Donovan's past catches up with him, you're fighting side-by-side…or, in some cases, firing a huge mounted turret from the back of a truck while he's doing the driving”.
The update that will be coming to the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC won't just feature Donovan though. Rather there are a few extra goodies coming to the game, for those who want to know we managed to find a list of the upcoming changes over at gamespot:
New locations within New Bordeaux city limits: a department store, restaurant and safe house, and a remote island off the coast of New Bordeaux.
New vehicles, including a turret-mounted off-road vehicle.
New mission types, where “you'll meet another salty friend from Donovan's past as you pick up new Bounty Hunting missions around New Bordeaux.”
A new support option: You'll be able to call in Sniper Support.
New weapons, like a dart gun to silently take down targets from a distance.
Let's hope the changes made to the game appeal to everyone, and if they don't – well let us know in the comment section below why not!
Please take a second to give us a follow on our Twitter @TheSaveSpot1 or our instagram thesavespot. We're a little gaming website that is trying to be like the little engine that could, but we can't without your support.
The British Columbia government will provide more than 140 additional housing units for people who are homeless in Victoria, including those camping on the courthouse lawn, through the purchase of the former Central Care Home.
The Province has bought the building at 844 Johnson St. for $11.2 million and will convert it to long-term supportive housing to offer those in need a safe and secure place to stay.
Renovations to the building and within the units will begin immediately to prepare for occupancy. Some of the upgrades include replacing flooring throughout the building, painting, pest-control proofing and security upgrades. Once renovations are complete, tenants will move into the building in late July.
PHS Community Services will operate the facility and, with the help of Island Health, will provide outreach and support services to clients.
The building was previously owned by the Baptist Housing Society and served as a senior care home until 2014.
Since October 2015, the Province has housed more than 190 people from the encampment at the courthouse. Twenty-two people have also transitioned into permanent housing.
Quotes:
Rich Coleman, Minister of Natural Gas Development and Minister Responsible for Housing –
“Conditions at the courthouse lawn are unsafe and the fire hazard danger is growing. The purchase of the Central Care Home will add enough spaces to ensure these individuals are moved into safe housing that includes on-site support staff.”
Mayor Lisa Helps, City of Victoria –
“We'd like to thank the Province for listening to the input of many Victorians who have suggested purchasing this vacant building and using it for much-needed housing. We look forward to seeing it open and people housed.”
Quick Facts:
Last year, the Province invested nearly $32 million to provide subsidized housing and rent supplements for more than 5,100 Victoria households.
The Province and the Capital Regional District recently entered into an agreement totalling $60 million that will create new affordable housing projects for people in need throughout the region.
Since 2001, the B.C. government has invested $4.4 billion to provide affordable housing for low-income individuals, seniors and families.
This year, more than 104,000 B.C. households will benefit from provincial social housing programs and services.
Learn More:
For more information about services and supports for the homeless in Victoria, please visit: www.housingmattersbc.ca/docs/fs_Homeless%20Supports_Victoria.pdf
Follow BC Housing on Twitter: @BC_Housing
.@realDonaldTrump backs out of scheduled 1-on-1 interview w/ me after I decline to send campaign list of my questions. At 6 @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/CybGLMoudx — Jenna Bourne (@jennaANjax) October 24, 2016
Jenna Bourne, a 27-year-old reporter for CBS47/Fox30 Action News Jax, has gotten a good amount of attention with the tweet above. In her line of work, Bourne says interview subjects quite often ask her for a peek at the questions she's going to ask. “It's normally people who haven't done [interviews] before and are nervous. I never do it for anybody,” she says.
Especially for a presidential campaign.
The way Bourne tells it, she was working with the Trump campaign on logistics for an interview with Donald Trump Monday morning, in conjunction with a rally in St. Augustine, Fla. As Bourne understood things, she'd been greenlighted to interview the candidate. The arrangements were detailed enough, says Bourne, that the Trump people had even asked for her personal information, including date of birth and Social Security number.
The requests from the Trump campaign came either over the phone or in person, she says, so there's no written record of the Trump campaign's request for the questions, she says. In any case, the nature of the interaction changed after Bourne refused to provide the campaign with her questions, she tells this blog. “I can't say for sure that they decided not to do the interview because I wouldn't send them the questions. All I can say is that's when they started ghosting me,” says Bourne. David Chiokadze, the Florida deputy communications director for the Trump campaign, made the request, she says. “I told him we don't do that for anyone,” Bourne tells this blog.
Correct: News organizations don't, or shouldn't, share such information — which is the reason that a hacked email showing that Democratic National Committee official and former CNN contributor Donna Brazile had passed along a question for a CNN-TV One town hall event to the Clinton campaign caused such a furor. Though this blog has covered the coverage of Trump since the start of his campaign, we haven't encountered many instances of question-requesting. Perhaps this is just an example of organizational disarray. After all, Bourne says she was getting three different signals from three different Trump officials as she went about pursuing the interview.
“I know this has gone viral, and I just want to say I would have rather just had the interview,” she says.
Transcript for Bernie Sanders Discusses Vision for Better Relations With Native Americans
Our goal. Is to develop a new relationship. With the native American people. As I have said all over this country. The United States has learned an enormous amount in all it's the native American people. A debt of gratitude that can now put be repaid. And one of the most important lessons. Let native Americans have blocked this and higher country. Is that human beings. All of us are more of nature. And we have to live. We have future coexistence with nature. And if we quiche Droid nature or. We are ultimately each drawing the human beings of this planet. We will develop poem elected president in new relationship. With the the native American people. See what I understand the case to be. That poverty here. Unemployment here oh substance abuse Europe is much much too polite. It's a gamble we all going to create the jobs and the health care out. And the educational opportunities the people here on pine ridge road Indian Country aren't quite so. The kids he think that when they get out of school to gonna have peace and Charles. That is not a up. Jobs available for us because some kids are dropping out and I irony prize diploma. But. They require the diploma. For us it's hard because of where we you're people aren't depending on us more. B. This. Sometimes. Its dependency. People being. Need us now dependency is needed when you need the job. They needed to depend on themselves city get themselves up in the world took.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Pillow Academy (PA) is an independent, co-educational college preparatory school in unincorporated Leflore County, Mississippi, near Greenwood.[1] It was founded by white parents in 1966 as a segregation academy to avoid having their children attend school with blacks.[2]
History [ edit ]
The school opened with grades K-8 in 1966.[1] It began as a segregation academy,[2] started in resistance to the integration of the public school system ordered by federal courts more than a decade after segregated schools were ruled to be unconstitutional.[3] From 1967-1969 grades 9 and 10 were established. In 1969 a new high school building was built, and grades 11 and 12 were added.[1] One of the founders of the Pillow Academy was Robert B. Patterson, also founder of the Association of White Citizens' Councils,[4] which opposed the civil rights movement, including allowing African Americans their constitutional right to vote.[5]
A 1970 marketing brochure for Pillow Academy stated that one of the benefits of attending the school was that classroom discussions could take place without "causing embarrassment to social or ethnic groups."[6]
As of 1989, Pillow Academy had adopted a non-discriminatory admissions policy, but did not have any black students.[7] The headmaster Thomas Thompson told the Clarion-Ledger that he was hopeful black students would enroll because "It would help us secure grants."[7]
In a 10-year period until 1998, enrollment at Pillow grew by almost 25%. Many white students who would have otherwise attended public schools, which were becoming mostly black, attended Pillow. In 1998 Richard Rubin of The New York Times wrote, "Whites in Greenwood are much more likely today than they were 10 years ago to openly admit that they send their children to Pillow Academy not because it is a better school but because of its racial composition."[5]
Campus [ edit ]
The 58-acre (23 ha) campus is located along U.S. Highway 82, 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Greenwood.[8]
Student body [ edit ]
In the 2010-2011 school year the school had 816 students. Students come from Leflore, Carroll, Grenada, Holmes, Sunflower, Tallahatchie, and Washington counties.[8]
The New York Times noted that Pillow Academy enrolled almost 800 students for the 1997-98 school year; none was black. A decade before, the public high school had about equal numbers of black and white students but by 1998 was predominately black.[5] The Academy was also economically segregated, as most of its students were middle-class, in an area where many African Americans were poor.
In the 2009-2010 school year, the demographic profile of the student body was 96.0% white, 1.7% black, and 1.9% Asian.[9] By comparison, the 2010 demographic profile of Leflore County showed the population as 24.9% white, 72.7% black, and 0.6% Asian.[10]
Notable alumni [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Louis Tomlinson Custody Fight Baby Mama Won't Let Me See My Kid
Louis Tomlinson: Custody Fight ... Baby Mama Won't Let Me See My Kid
EXCLUSIVE
Louis Tomlinson has lawyered up to wage a custody war, because he says his baby mama is not letting him see their kid ... TMZ has learned.
Sources connected with Louis tell TMZ, the One Direction singer claims Briana Jungwirth has gotten greedy and wants money ... and lots of it. He claims she's using their 1-month-old son, Freddie Reign, to leverage a bigger payday.
It's a surprising turn ... Louis got Briana a 3 bedroom home in Calabasas and he's renting a $21 million home in L.A. to be close to Freddie.
Louis has not gotten a DNA test but says there's no doubt he's the dad ... they dated exclusively during the period in which she got pregnant.
We're told Louis is gunning for an order forcing Briana to give him some custodial rights, including significant access to his son.
As Mitch McConnell strode to the Senate floor on Tuesday, with no votes to spare to keep the GOP's Obamacare repeal campaign alive, he knew where everyone in his conference stood. Everyone, that is, except for Ron Johnson.
The ornery Wisconsinite had been needling the Senate majority leader for weeks, accusing McConnell of a “breach of trust” in selling a health care plan to his caucus. So when Johnson sprinted to the Capitol basement after a party lunch for a meeting with FBI director nominee Christopher Wray, just as a critical procedural vote got underway, Republicans had no idea where he would land, said a person who knows the senator well.
Story Continued Below
When he finally emerged, Johnson headed to McConnell's desk on the Senate floor. The two engaged in a tense, 10-minute face-to-face talk. McConnell's face turned increasingly red, and the GOP leader threw up his hands multiple times.
“Sen. Johnson, like others, had some objections to the process, which is admittedly cumbersome,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas), who was hanging around the McConnell-Johnson conversation, with his arms crossed and a grimace on his face. “He was expressing some of his frustration. But I'm glad he voted to proceed to the bill.”
That McConnell even got to this point was remarkable. Just a week ago, the GOP's repeal-and-replace effort was practically declared dead, as the GOP leader himself said it was “pretty clear” there weren't 50 votes for a health care bill. But Tuesday's dramatic roll call — capped by Sen. John McCain's return to Washington less than a week after a cancer diagnosis and a tie-breaking vote by Vice President Mike Pence — allows President Donald Trump and his fractured party to continue their long-shot campaign to scuttle the Democratic health care law they've spent seven years railing against.
Yet every step of the way has been agonizing, and Tuesday was no exception.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Ten minutes after McConnell and Johnson began chatting, McCain entered the chamber and provided the 49th vote. Only Johnson remained. Left with the option of being the Republican who killed Obamacare repeal or the one who saved it, the Wisconsin senator quickly flipped a thumbs-up into the air to vote yes.
“It wasn't really a matter of prevailing; I just wanted him to understand I wanted to proceed to be a positive influence on the process,” Johnson said of his conversation with McConnell. He laughed heartily when asked whether he seriously considered voting no: “Sure … you've got that binary choice.”
In the end, it was McConnell's binary choice argument that reeled in the 50 votes. McConnell relentlessly laid out his reasoning to senators ranging from conservative Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) to vulnerable incumbent Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.): A vote against even debating Obamacare repeal is a vote to keep it in place.
It worked on the likes of Heller and Sens. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Rob Portman (R-Ohio), all of whom had indicated to leadership they'd be willing to vote to proceed to the bill over the past 48 hours. McConnell then prevailed on Paul, his Kentucky colleague, on Tuesday morning to at least vote to debate the measure, promising he'd get his vote on what he calls “clean repeal.” Paul flipped from a hard “no” to a “yes.”
But even with Johnson, Paul and some centrists on his side, McConnell had no margin for error.
Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) had aired her objections for days, and Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) was also viewed as a lost cause. She privately relayed to colleagues during the GOP party lunch on Tuesday that she would be a “no” on the floor, according to multiple senators.
One of the final holdouts was Sen. Mike Lee, a conservative Utah senator who believed GOP leaders had listened to his ideas for weeks only to ignore them in the end.
On a Delta flight from Salt Lake City to Washington on Monday afternoon, Lee sat in the middle seat, furiously texting about his latest thinking in the health care debate, according to an eyewitness who sat next to Lee and described the messages to POLITICO.
In one text, Lee told a recipient that he might still vote to proceed to the repeal debate, but that it was “still too early to do so in good conscience because we're not being told anything.”
“This leadership line of pass something, anything, is dangerous and potent,” Lee typed out in another message, written in a large enough font that fellow passengers could easily read his words, according to the eyewitness. In another text, Lee wrote: “This bill is nothing more than bailing out insurance companies with a few minor reforms thrown in for good measure.”
Lee's office did not dispute the messages when asked about them by POLITICO. He has aired similar complaints publicly, though in milder language.
“We are not going to authenticate any of these statements; doing so would only encourage the most boorish, voyeuristic behavior in an already too-uncivil town,” a spokesman for Lee said. “Sen. Lee has been having honest discussions with people in the White House and Senate about health care. If one narrow part of one of those conversations was observed by a third party, it would only show how thorough the senator has been in his deliberations.”
Ultimately, Lee chose to advance the Obamacare repeal measure, hesitating a little when he proclaimed “aye” during the tense vote that stayed open for a half-hour. So did Republican Sens. Jerry Moran of Kansas, Capito, Portman and Heller — all GOP holdouts over the past several weeks who sided with their party on Tuesday. Democrats were silent at the desks, refusing to vote until all Republicans had.
McConnell received a boost from an erratic player in the debate: Trump himself. The president had confounded Republican leaders for weeks, changing positions on a near-daily basis. But after McConnell's latest draft had been abandoned by Moran and Lee and failure looked certain, Trump hauled the entire Republican Conference to the White House.
Capito, Portman and Heller had been begging GOP leaders for weeks to revamp their approach to Medicaid, sweating the political and practical fallout that would accompany a vote to dramatically cut future Medicaid spending by hundreds of billions of dollars. They hoped McConnell could be persuaded to add $100 billion in spending aimed at blunting those cuts, but leadership was caught between them and fiscal conservatives.
Yet in front of McConnell and the rest of the caucus, Trump told Republican senators that “we're going to add this money to the bill,” according to two sources familiar with the matter. Portman huddled with McConnell and Cornyn on Monday, with the Ohio senator declining to tell reporters his intentions on the bill.
But leaders already had reeled him in, and on Tuesday his amendment was included in the initial round of votes. It won't succeed, but it gives more centrist senators an avenue to express their support for more spending for low-income Americans.
“I have a commitment from our leadership to support it,” Portman said.
Even then, however, the whip count was fluid. With two “no” votes assumed, a third “no” could have caused many more GOP defections, given the resistance among Republican senators to going along with a process with no clear idea what the end product would be. Republicans needed a boost.
On Monday afternoon, senators began buzzing that McCain could return after receiving a brain cancer diagnosis less than a week ago. Cornyn said McCain's doctors were being consulted, and Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) mused optimistically about the possibility of a surprise appearance.
Late Monday, McCain's office confirmed the news: Less than two weeks after having a blood clot removed from above his left eye, he would be back in the Senate.
Finally, McConnell had the momentum.
“He deserves a lot of credit for coming back,” Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) said of McCain.
With McCain back, McConnell's allies began cautiously predicting victory. The Arizona senator helped deliver the win in classic fashion, excoriating the process his party was employing for the health care repeal — right in front of his Republican colleagues.
Let the committees “hold hearings, try to report a bill out of committee with contributions from both sides,” McCain said, to a loud ovation from Democratic senators who stood up and applauded. After that died down, McCain added: “Something that my dear friends on the other side of the aisle didn't allow happening years ago.”
The Arizona senator left open the question of whether he would help his fellow Republicans eventually pass a bill now that debate has begun. And though clearing Tuesday's procedural hurdle was almost certainly McConnell's most hard-fought victory of the year, passing legislation is another matter.
The end goal is likely a stripped-down repeal of Obamacare's individual and employer mandates and the law's medical device tax, perhaps with more add-ons. The GOP will now pass whatever can garner 50 votes, no matter how scaled-back McConnell's ambitions of repealing Obamacare “root and branch” have become.
Their hope is to get something to the House and get it off the Senate's plate. With any luck, senators say, they will end up in a bicameral conference and finish the job later this year. And now that McConnell has won a vote to proceed to an uncertain outcome, no one is counting him out.
“I was surprised that there was just two of us in the end,” Collins said of her and Murkowski's opposition. “But that's OK. We'll proceed from here and see where we end up.”
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch easily won the support of top Democratic senators for a lifetime appointment to the bench ... in 2006.
What a difference a decade makes.
Several of the same senators who helped unanimously confirm Gorsuch to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in July 2006 are now railing against his nomination by President Trump to the highest court in the land.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said Wednesday he has "serious doubts" about Gorsuch. Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., issued a scathing statement citing Gorsuch's stance on assisted suicide, and saying nobody who believes individual rights are "reserved to the people" can support his nomination.
But if they have long harbored concerns Gorsuch is extreme, they didn't much show it in 2006.
Schumer, Wyden and many others were in Congress at the time of the unanimous voice vote on July 20 of that year. The record does not reflect who specifically was on the floor for the 95-0 tally, but it would have included most, if not all, of the following Senate members that year:
Four former top Obama administration officials (President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Secretaries of State Hillary Clinton and John Kerry) and 12 current Democratic senators (Sens. Schumer, Wyden, Dianne Feinstein, Patrick Leahy, Patty Murray, Dick Durbin, Jack Reed, Bill Nelson, Tom Carper, Debbie Stabenow, Maria Cantwell and Bob Menendez).
WHO IS JUDGE NEIL GORSUCH?
In 2006, Leahy was – as he is now – the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the group tasked with questioning Gorsuch prior to a full chamber vote. But Leahy was not present during the session with Gorsuch at the time. Indeed, the only senator to question him directly was Republican Lindsey Graham, during testimony that lasted just 20 minutes, according to official congressional documents and The Denver Post.
Leahy did, however, submit six written questions, ranging from queries on assisted suicide to consumer class-action lawsuits and congressional powers.
Wyden, D-Ore., was the only other member of the committee to submit questions, asking Gorsuch mainly about the legality of a physician aiding a patient in dying and Oregon's assisted suicide law. Gorsuch wrote about those topics in his 2006 book “The Future Of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia.”
KURTZ: GORSUCH, POLITICS AND PAYBACK
Though Wyden ended up voting for Gorsuch after receiving the judge's answers, Wyden cited that Oregon law Tuesday as one of the reasons he would now oppose Gorsuch being elevated to the high court.
Gorsuch could become the first former law clerk to serve on the #SCOTUS alongside his/her old boss (Justice Kennedy) https://t.co/h7eHlqCdWY — Fox News Research (@FoxNewsResearch) February 1, 2017
“His opposition to legal death with dignity as successfully practiced in Oregon is couched in the sort of jurisprudence that justified the horrific oppression of one group after another in our first two centuries,” Wyden said in a statement. “No senator who believes that individual rights are reserved to the people, and not the government, can support this nomination.”
Schumer also has been a leading voice of the Gorsuch opposition.
“Judge Gorsuch has repeatedly sided with corporations over working people, demonstrated a hostility toward women's rights, and most troubling, hewed to an ideological approach to jurisprudence that makes me skeptical that he can be a strong, independent Justice on the Court,” Schumer said in a statement.
The change in tone today could reflect the overall hostility right now among Democratic lawmakers to numerous Trump appointees, as well as specific concerns about Gorsuch's judicial body of work since his confirmation to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.
Some of the senators now voicing skepticism also may still be smarting over majority Republicans blocking then-President Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland last year. Leahy nodded at Garland in his statement on Gorsuch, saying: “From my initial review of his record, I question whether Judge Gorsuch meets the high standard set by Merrick Garland.”
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Wednesday noted the dozen sitting Democrats who once backed Trump's nominee.
“He's a widely respected jurist who deserves the nomination to be voted upon,” Spicer said.
Illustration: Pat Campbell I feel fairly confident I don't have to ask the Prime Minister's office if March in March is organised by the Liberals or the Nationals. What is it? It's what looks like an authentic public reaction to the Abbott government's way of running Australia - which means it's not only about asylum seekers; or climate change; or education funding; or union bashing; or attacks on universal healthcare coverage. Here's what MiM says about itself on Facebook: ''March in March Australia 2014 will be three days of peaceful assemblies, non-partisan citizens' marches and rallies at Federal Parliament and around Australia to protest against government decisions that are against the common good of our nation.'' Those kinds of events are usually run by existing groups - political parties and single issue groups with experienced organisers and huge email lists they can milk for support. The people running MiM have none of this - but in some respects, organising has become easier because of the glories of social media. I'm yet to be persuaded that the organising that happens on social media is somehow less effective than walking for hours in the sun and listening to speeches on a borrowed PA.
Yes, MiM smells like grassroots, looks like grassroots, sounds like grassroots, strangely, in a country which has been overrun by top-down political organising. Ariadne Vromen, associate professor in politics at the University of Sydney, says it's a dilemma of contemporary activism. ''Formal organisations are increasingly being criticised for making top-down decisions for participants … [but] those organisations bring scale, resources and experience to a campaign.'' Still, she's reminded of the Not Happy, John! movement of 2004, which developed momentum through stunts and slogans. It marked the beginning of the great unravelling of Howard's authority. Only 15 per cent of Australians have ever been on a protest march, says Vromen: ''But protest attendance is still problematically held up as the gold standard for participation by most activists and scholars.''
Yet the MiM organisers are convinced Australians will rally. MiM has a national admin panel of eight, none of whom appear to be bigwigs (or even medium-sized ones) in any political party. Craig Batty, an educational designer who lives in regional NSW, is the spokesman and says he's never been a party member. He's never been an activist before. But he's had enough. He will be marching in Canberra on Monday, March 17 from 10am. It's a strange time of day for a protest, to be honest; and it smacks a little of the pathetic Convoy of No Consequence, organised around the campaign of radio announcer Alan Jones. Batty says it's important to do this on a sitting day at the seat of government. He is not troubled by the fact that it's a work day: ''I have rock solid certainty that we will beat Alan Jones by at least 1000 people … people are really frustrated about broken promises and lies.''
Says Vromen: ''No matter how strongly people feel, the threshold for engagement is very high to get ordinary people on the streets to protest - and for a weekday it may be even harder. ''A movement needs a lot of time, encouragement, and organising to develop and build critical mass.'' Are Australians really that frustrated with the federal government? William Bowe thinks so - but that a lot of the anger is directed at Tony Abbott: ''He is doing remarkably badly for a newly elected prime minister.'' The leeway the electorate grants to those who've just won an election is already gone - and Abbott is 10 to 30 per cent behind all the other prime ministers.
Bowe is an election analyst and blogger for Crikey. He says in every piece of polling and research he has seen, Australians are far closer to the positions of the Labor Party than they are to the positions of the Liberal Party. Bowe says Australians are now thinking: ''This is not the government we were promised.'' But can the sentiment that underpins March in March have an impact? Shouldn't we just stay at home and wait to utilise the site where we can really demonstrate our power: the ballot box? Kirsty McLaren, an associate researcher in politics at the Australian National University, says rallies alone would never be enough. But when they are used to demonstrating public anger, that can have a serious impact. ''It can have an agenda-setting effect, and that is with the broader population, with politicians and also with journalists.
''Protests often contribute to the success of other actions,'' she says. So far, at least in Australia, it hasn't worked for our foreign aid involvement, for single parents. It's been reasonably successful on reproductive rights. And an absolute and tragic failure on the serious matter of climate change and the environment, with the Franklin Dam as the notable exception. McLaren says sometimes these movements are about developing a social movement. ''Gay pride marches are a way of creating and presenting a collective identity and that's a way of pressuring for policy changes.'' March in March plans to spring up everywhere. Nicola Bell lives in Newcastle with her husband, who is a nurse, and their two-year-old, Gabriel.
She says she's never been much of a protester, nor are her friends. ''I'm an ordinary wife and mother; and we go to church … when I was younger, I was in the army reserve. ''I'm marching because I want to show the Prime Minister that this is not just an inner-city elite thing.'' Bell, 34, says she wants Abbott to take a more compassionate view on asylum seekers, on Medicare, on education. She says: ''The government works at the behest of the people, not the other way around.
''I'm not going to give the government my silent consent … you are not doing it in my name.'' Me? I'll probably end up going to see what turns up. I'm all for grassroots. But I love them to sprout up through the ballot box. Twitter @jennaprice
email jenna_p@bigpond.net.au
A Chinese tourist in Germany who tried to report a stolen wallet ended up signing an asylum application that landed him in a refugee center for 12 days.
The 31-year-old traveler, who only spoke Mandarin, mistakenly went to city hall instead of the police station after he had been robbed in the southwest city of Heidelberg, Reuters reports. Confusion at city hall led to the man accidentally signing the paperwork for asylum claims. The Beijing native was then reportedly sent to a refugee center 220 miles away in the northern town of Duelman and given shelter, food and spending money.
“He spent 12 days trapped in our bureaucratic jungle because we couldn't communicate,” said the head of the Red Cross refugee center in Duelman, Christoph Schluetermann. “Germany is unfortunately an extremely bureaucratic country. Especially during the refugee crisis I've seen how much red tape we have.”
German authorities only discovered their bureaucratic blunder nearly two weeks later after turning to a local Chinese restaurant to translate.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“He kept trying to talk to people to tell his story, but no one could understand him. He kept asking to get his passport back, which is the opposite of what most refugees do,” Schluetermann said.
[Reuters]
Write to Casey Quackenbush at casey.quackenbush@time.com.
Do students receive discounted pricing? Yes No Unsure
Is this place or activity closed during certain parts of the year ? Yes No Unsure
Do seniors receive discounted pricing? Yes No Unsure
Does this place or activity accept credit cards ? Yes No Unsure
Is this a must-do if you are traveling with a big group (greater than 5) ? Yes No Unsure
Do children receive discounted pricing? Yes No Unsure
Does this place or activity involve animals ? Yes No Unsure
Does this attraction provide visitors with a taste of the local culture ? Yes No Unsure
Is this a place or activity you would go to on a rainy day ? Yes No Unsure
Would you tell a friend to take a guided tour of this place? Yes No Unsure
A law requiring businesses in Pittsburgh to give workers paid sick leave has been tied up for nearly a year in the courts, so a workers advocacy group is taking the fight directly to restaurant owners.
Under the law passed in August 2015, a worker at any business in the city would accrue one hour of sick time for each 35 hours worked; up to 24 hours per year for smaller employers and 40 hours for larger employers. But a suit filed by several business and organizations is pending before the state Supreme Court, making the law unenforceable.
In reaction, the Restaurant Opportunities Center United is working with three restaurants to start offering the benefit voluntarily. So far they have signed up Apteka, Bantha Tea Bar and Mixtape. All of them are in the Penn Avenue corridor in Bloomfield-Garfield.
“We want to make sure it goes well and we get a lot of people supporting them,” center spokesman Jordan Romanus said. “What we want to do is really just get a density within each business district and then move to the next one.”
Romanus said their next stop is the Allentown neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
Mixtape co-owner Katie Molchan said the idea of offering paid sick time was part of the business plan from the very beginning.
“One of the things we were trying to do was really set up a very collaborative environment where everyone felt like they were really part of the team and invested,” Molchan said. “Not just as someone as who clocks in and clocks out, but maybe had a little bit more invested in the business and maybe felt like they were a little bit more attached to it.”
Molchan is offering more than would be required under proposed city law. Despite having only six employees, they are offering the 40 hours required of businesses with more than 15 employees, and workers can access the sick time right away rather than having to accrue it.
“Is someone's sick, even if they've been with you for a week, you still really don't want them coming in,” she said.
Molchan said so far they have not seen any abuse of the policy.
5 December 2012
Genom att översätta och tolka en rad finska diktare vill litteraturprofessor Torsten Pettersson berika bilden av Finland som han upplever ofta är ensidig. Genom ett avslutande litteraturhistoriskt kapitel ställer han också lyriken i ljuset av Finlands dramatiska historia.
- I Sverige råder en bild av Finland och finnar som är ensidig och i värsta fall fördomsfull. Den skulle kunna korrigeras av den rika finska kulturen, som dock ofta är svårtillgänglig av språkliga skäl. Exempelvis har svenska läsare inte på mer än ett halvsekel haft tillgång till den stora traditionen av klassisk finsk lyrik från 1800-och 1900-talet, säger Torsten Pettersson, professor i litteraturvetenskap vid Uppsala universitet och finlandssvensk författare.
Detta vill han nu råda bot på. Han publicerar nu den stora volymen "Skapa den sol som inte finns. Hundra år av finsk lyrik", där han tolkat 144 dikter av 18 finska författare till svenska, bland andra nationalförfattaren Aleksis Kivi, traditionens mest uppburne diktare Eino Leino och den fria versens föregångare Katri Vala.
Karakteristiskt för den finska lyriken är enligt Torsten Pettersson en känsloskala som inte väjer för extremer. Här möter läsaren livsextas eller tragik i former som i en svensk tradition lätt kunde uppfattas som överdrivna. I den avslutande litteraturhistoriska studien sätts detta i samband med Finlands dramatiska 1900-talshistoria: ett folk som har upplevt tsarrikets ökande förryskningstryck, oväntad självständighet, inbördeskrig och andra världskrigets härjningar har också i sin vardagliga upplevelse en osedvanlig känslobredd.
- Mot den bakgrunden ger den känslostarka finska lyriken en inblick i det finska folkets mentalitet – formad av många dramatiska upplevelser som grannarna i väst inte delar, säger Torsten Pettersson.
Boken ges ut i Sverige av förlaget Artos/Norma och i Finland av Schildts & Söderströms.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
Besides the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation, the existence of subordinate governments, to which the people are attached, and by which the militia officers are appointed, forms a barrier against the enterprises of ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government of any form can admit of.
The first amendment has a significant alteration as well that goes outside of simply serving to simplify the ideas behind it.It's not as stark of a difference as the 2nd Amendment variant but I find the shortening of the 1A to "petition and assembly" to be really very curious. For one thing, what is the general context of what an assembly is for a high school student? Back when I was a high schooler, that was the school getting together before a big football game, watching some school or grade wide presentation, and etc. Those words in regards to who can be petitioned are very important as they are the precise reason why the 1A is, in fact, the 1A.Original Second Amendment:If you look at the phrasing, you can see how they twisted it. In more modern English, we would've stuck an "and" in there but Madison lived in the 18th Century and was probably the king of run-on sentences. The best way to fight back on this one would be teaching one's children the Supreme Court case of the District of Columbia v. Heller, 2008, as that would be the strongest one. It was the Supreme Court's ruling that the individual's right to keep and bear arms was implied by the 2A.The Federalist #46 is a hell of a read as it implies that the sole purpose of an armed citzenry would be to repel a federal army as the citzenry would vastly outnumber the military. I think it's because of the implications of Article 1 Section 8. This is fascinating. Although I had to study the Constitution, I don't recall anything coming up in terms of standing armies in my poli sci class. Between the Federalist #46 and Article 1 Section 8, it would seem that there was intended to be a guard against a federal standing army and the idea was that each state would operate its own well regulated militia. That isn't what we have today but I'm a novice on this subject. If someone could explain to me how the Department of Defense, with the exception of the US Navy, is constitutional, I'd really love to hear it.
A federal judge in Southern California on Thursday declared the U.S. military's ban on openly gay service members unconstitutional because it violates the First Amendment rights of gay and lesbians.
U.S. District Judge Virginia Phillips granted a request for an injunction halting the government's "don't ask, don't tell" policy for gays in the military.
Phillips said the policy doesn't help military readiness and instead has a "direct and deleterious effect" on the armed services.
The lawsuit was the biggest legal test of the law in recent years and came amid promises by President Obama that he will work to repeal the policy.
Government lawyers argued Phillips lacked the authority to issue a nationwide injunction and the issue should be decided by Congress.
The injunction was sought by the Log Cabin Republicans, a 19,000-member group that includes current and former military members.
Government lawyers argued that Phillips lacked the authority to issue a nationwide injunction and Congress should decide the policy's fate.
The U.S. House voted in May to repeal the policy, and the Senate is expected to address the issue this summer.
"Don't ask, don't tell" prohibits the military from asking about the sexual orientation of service members but requires discharge of those who acknowledge being gay or are discovered engaging in homosexual activity, even in the privacy of their own homes off base.
Log Cabin Republicans said more than 13,500 service members have been fired since 1994.
Attorney Dan Woods, who represents the group, contended in closing arguments of the nonjury trial that the policy violates gay military members' rights to free speech, due process and open association.
He also argued that the policy damages the military by forcing it to reject talented people as the country struggles to find recruits in the midst of a war.
U.S. Department of Justice attorney Paul G. Freeborne argued that the policy debate is political and the issue should be decided by Congress rather than in court.
Six military officers who were discharged under the policy testified during the trial. A decorated Air Force officer testified that he was let go after his peers snooped through his personal e-mail in Iraq.
Lawyers also submitted remarks by Mr. Obama stating "don't ask, don't tell" weakens national security.
Demon's Souls is coming stateside, thanks to publisher of all things niche Atlus. Therefore, it would really appreciate it if you'd stop importing the already translated Japanese version, now rather cheap. It's doing so with many, many pre-order goodies.
Today those offerings expand, as Atlus notes on the official PlayStation.blog that not only will Demon's Souls superfans score the game's art book, they'll also score the PlayStation 3 game's soundtrack. That's a bazillion dollar value right there, kids. Don't pass this up.
Of course, if you dig that King's Field vibe and the plodding nature of From Software's work, you've probably already put your pre-order in for the game. If not, here's one more reason.
To read more about Atlus' plans for a deluxe Demon's Souls retail experience, check the official PlayStation.blog.
Demon's Souls Pre-order Bonus Expands, Now Also Includes Full Soundtrack [PlayStation.blog]
The Syracuse Orange men's basketball program will retire two jerseys this season. Dennis DuVal's No. 22 and Lawrence Moten's No. 21 will hang in the Carrier Dome rafters before the end of the 2017-18 campaign.
DuVal's jersey retirement ceremony will take place at halftime of SU's game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish on January 6. Moten's ceremony is set for March 3's contest against the Clemson Tigers.
From 1971-74, DuVal scored 1,504 points on 45.1 percent shooting, averaging 18.6 points per game. He tallied 295 assists and 346 rebounds while starting all 81 games he played during his three seasons. DuVal is 21st on Syracuse's all-time scoring list and has one of the 10 highest points-per-game averages in school history as well.
After earning third-team All-American honors as a senior and spending two years in the NBA, he returned to Syracuse to serve on the police force for 26 years.
Moten is the leading scorer in Syracuse basketball history, having put up 2,334 points over his four-year stint with the Orangemen (nearly 200 more than Derrick Coleman in second place). He's also the leading scorer in Big East history, and was an AP All-American (third team) in 1995. Moten was part of the 1992 Big East championship team as well. When he finished up at Syracuse, “Poetry in Moten” spent a few years in the NBA, CBA, ABA and abroad. He's also gotten into coaching.
It's great to see Syracuse honor both players this season, adding to the list of retired jerseys the program keeps high above the Carrier Dome court. DuVal and Moten make it 12 players with retired jerseys so far, with plenty more that could potentially be honored in the coming years.
WASHINGTON — President Obama and European leaders pledged Wednesday to bolster the NATO alliance and vowed that Russia would not be allowed to run roughshod over its neighbors. But the military reality on the ground in Europe tells a different story.
The United States, by far the most powerful NATO member, has drastically cut back its European forces from a decade ago. European countries, which have always lagged far behind the United States in military might, have struggled and largely failed to come up with additional military spending at a time of economic anemia and budget cuts.
During the height of the Cold War, United States troops in Europe numbered around 400,000, a combat-ready force designed to quickly deploy and defend Western Europe — particularly what was then West Germany — against a potential Soviet advance.
Today there are about 67,000 American troops in Europe, including 40,000 in Germany, with the rest scattered mostly in Italy and Britain. The Air Force has some 130 fighter jets, 12 refueling planes and 30 cargo aircraft. At the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s, it had 800 aircraft in Europe.
Chelsea Ladies won the Super League but know Wolfsburg, the Champions League holders, present a major threat in the last 16
It has been a year of firsts for Chelsea Ladies but their new-found domination of the domestic game is not quite enough for Emma Hayes's players. Another, European, box remains to be ticked before women's football shuts up shop for its winter hibernation.
Despite a first FA Cup final triumph and then winning England's Super League title for the first time, Chelsea will be content only if yet another daunting hurdle has been surmounted by the end of next week.
Hayes hopes her team's debut season in Europe will see them overcome Wolfsburg over two legs to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Champions League.
Chelsea beat Sunderland to confirm Women's Super League title Read more
It has made Wednesday night's first leg at Wheatsheaf Park, Staines – the return is seven days later at Wolfsburg's superbly appointed, purpose-built 5,200 capacity home – one of the biggest games in Chelsea's history.
Victory would represent the latest achievement of an extraordinary season. Wolfsburg were Champions League winners in 2013 and 2014 and stand second, behind Bayern Munich, in the female Bundesliga.
As if that pedigree were not sufficient, the Germans have an extra incentive to progress to next spring's latter stages. Wolfsburg's owner and main sponsor, Volkswagen, the predominant employer in a town housing the world's biggest car manufacturing plant, is mired in the diesel emissions scandal and senior company executives have warned of “painful cuts” to come during a period of unexpected austerity in this bastion of paternalistic capitalism.
Wolfsburg's women, acutely aware that, when VW sneezes, they are prone to catching a cold, hope that further European pre-eminence can help them build a compelling case for continued high-level investment. Losing semi-finalists to Paris Saint-Germain in a tournament won by Frankfurt last year, the team have, at least until now, been regarded as an important marketing vehicle by the carmaker.
“They're definitely going to be on a different level,” says Gemma Davison, the England winger and the Chelsea supporters' player of the year. “When you play against any German side you know, straight away, their organisation will be top drawer. All Wolfsburg's players will be on the same page. Their expectation is to win. They're born and bred winners and they won't settle for anything less.”
Davison has met these particular opponents before – as part of the Arsenal team who lost the 2013 semi-final to Wolfsburg and missed out on meeting Lyon in that season's final at Stamford Bridge.
“Alexandra Popp's still there; she's one of Germany's best players,” the 28-year-old says. “She played left-back when I came up against her and she was top class. They've also got Ramona Bachmann now, so we'll have to take care of her.” Bachmann, a dangerous striker, partners the versatile Popp up front.
Winning a tie broadcast live on Chelsea TV and British Eurosport would be more about glory than hard cash. Although whoever prevails in the final – to be held in Reggio Emilia, Italy, in late May – will earn €250,000 (£177,000) of prize money, involvement in the earlier stages can leave participants out of pocket.
Each club receives €20,000 per round to underwrite expenses but this does not always cover the cost of visiting more far-flung destinations – as Arsenal discovered when they flew to Kazakhstan in 2007.
If a competition that struggles to command high-value sponsorships and sizeable television audiences remains light years away from its male equivalent (the Champions League holders, Barcelona, received €61m, of which €36.4m was prize money, last season) Hayes's team are taking their status as England's sole survivors seriously. With Liverpool having bowed out to Brescia in the last round, Davison knows Chelsea's presence in the quarter-finals would offer the domestic game an appreciable fillip.
“We don't just want to be in Europe,” says Davison, who narrowly missed the cut for Canada 2015, where an England side studded with Hayes's players beat Germany in the World Cup's third-place play-off. “We want to progress as far as we can. We have high expectations. But Wolfsburg will be no pushovers. They're a top quality side with a lot of class. We won't be taking them lightly.
“I think the home leg will be massive, it's important we avoid defeat. We'll be very organised and really keep our shape but the forward players have got to see if we can get a one- or two-goal lead to take into the second leg.
“We want a big crowd to cheer us on at Staines. We have to let Wolfsburg know what Chelsea's all about. We're going to cause them a lot of problems.”
Chelsea (4-2-3-1, probable): Lindahl; Blundell, Fahey, Flaherty, C Rafferty; Chapman, Bright; Davison, Ji, Aluko; Kirby.
Wolfsburg (4-4-2, probable): Schult; Fischer, Peter, Maritz, Simic; Bussaglia, Gössling, Blasse, Dickenmann; Bachmann, Popp.
Close to 100% of Washington State is currently experiencing severe drought. If beer drinkers are getting a little worried, they should be. Seventy-three percent of America's hop growth happens in Washington, and tons of popular hops are grown in the fertile Yakima Valley.
Thanks to the worsening drought that is currently affecting agriculture all along the West Coast—and because of low snowpack in Washington—there's just not enough water to quench the thirst of hop vines. Roza Irrigation Manager Scott Revell, who oversees one of the primary irrigation districts in the Yakima basin, tells NBC, “We have 100 percent of the hops production in my district under a severe water restriction.”
Now for the really bad news: It's likely that some of your favorite beers (specifically West Coast-style IPAs) are brewed with the hops most affected by the water shortage. NBC explains, “Most hops are fairly tolerant of a little less water and can handle the heat. That said, three varietals—Centennial, Simcoe and Amarillo—tend not to hold up as well in extreme conditions.” Russian River's Pliny the Elder is brewed with those exact three hops (in addition to CTZ hops).
Photo: Facebook/Russian River Brewing Co
While most of the current crop is already locked up by contracts between growers and brewers, analysts project that the drought will raise prices for brewers without forward contracts. That definitely sucks for you if you're a small brewery or homebrewer; and even if you're just a beer drinker, you will likely see rising beer prices in 2016, according to Michael Butler, chairman of Seattle-based Cascadia Capital. Butler tells NBC, “The consumer will pay a higher price for beer. That is without question.”
On the bright side, maybe we'll see the return of 21st Amendment's Hop Crisis.
[via NBC, KUOW, Biz Journals]
Ponjos @kbjhon I, too, have a plan. I will stay out of my teammates way.
1in256Miss dont see red winning without flinc/crits
tpp Miracle_Seed started playing on the blue pinball table.
Masnateah Sim
tpp The last pinball game achieved 46,612,100 points (x1) on the red pinball table. Miracle_Seed participated.
tppsimulator gastly cant win
tpp Metal City - Sonic Riders (battle) won the song bidding with T1 total from kbjhon!
kbjhon i have a plan
tpp The battle between Glaceon (Special), Staraptor (Max Attack), Snubbull (Special) and Barboach (Special), Wigglytuff (Physical), Taillow (Scrappy) has just begun!
tpp The match starts in 5 seconds.
tpp The match starts in 10 seconds.
zetru was timed out for 1 second.
Zetru !bet 1 ble
tpp @Tiny_boss won a #019 Rattata badge from pinball!
tpp The match starts in 20 seconds.
MinisculeCello bye aash
tpp The match starts in 30 seconds.
tpp The match starts in 40 seconds.
tpp The match starts in 50 seconds.
Dayrunner79 @Aashnod
tpp The match starts in 60 seconds.
Ponjos eww
kbjhon night
Aashnod
Aashnod I love you all
Aashnod Good night folk
Aashnod /
Aashnod I'll go to bed
SparTonberry @tppsimulator Yes
1in256Miss taillow cant win
Aashnod I feel like I should go to bed but meh
xxmoonlotusxx
Ponjos blue is doomed
tppsimulator i have to learn Water Gun next level. Since it didn't do you need the whistle window to follow the whistle window to win?
1in256Miss blue too good OMGScoots
MinisculeCello Masnateah
Dayrunner79
Masnateah MinisculeCello
Meyuu !balance
MinisculeCello
MinisculeCello Rosebud
村人 (murabito) FURRRRRRRSONA!!!
RosebudTheGamer
Masterlightx
RosebudTheGamer Cello T
Miracle_Seed It works now
tpp The Pokémon for the next match are Glaceon (Special), Staraptor (Max Attack), Snubbull (Special) and Barboach (Special), Wigglytuff (Physical), Taillow (Scrappy)!
xxmoonlotusxx my fursona
Aashnod @MinisculeCello
Masnateah SinR Token!
Aashnod @SinR2014 SIN TOKEN
MinisculeCello sinr token
Miracle_Seed i was in a pop out but it isnt the way to pop out the chat.... I mean, the proper way is to go to the /chat url of this stream
tpp Rattata badge bought by @Daraprim for T1 from @Agustreet
tpp Rattata badge put up for sale for T1 by @Agustreet
Meyuu !tokens
tpp A new match is about to begin! It will start in 3m55s
kbjhon i dont care, dont input
MinisculeCello @Aashnod ok
diebenacht just 1 more token
tpp @redslender0 won a #004 Charmander badge from pinball!
Miracle_Seed okay now i know what happened
Aashnod @MinisculeCello Let's Wait Together Wait o
Ponjos @kbjhon sorry im so badlikely why i have 90 pokeyen
Aashnod WAIT FOR SMOL CELLO
Aashnod wai
Aashnod You tried tho
kbjhon meh
tpp Team Red won the match!
Aashnod @kbjhon Good try at salvaging though
Miracle_Seed I worked pretty well before
kbjhon i used curse too late
Miracle_Seed It says that I have to use the whistle window to start whistling.... but I'm in a pop out windows.... wth????
1in256Miss or some nonsense
1in256Miss and crit
村人 (murabito) we're playing ultra sun in like 5 days
1in256Miss needed to ko there
tpp The last pinball game achieved 39,568,500 points (x0) on the blue pinball table. easonchanfan participated.
1in256Miss ok blue loses
1in256Miss lucky punch
tpp Miracle_Seed started playing on the red pinball table.
Zetru twitch play Pokémon is still up? and on Pokémon stadium.... weird...
Aashnod @tppsimulator
村人 (murabito) tarper
Aashnod YES WE LOVE
tpp @Agustreet won a #019 Rattata badge from pinball!
Melcalc
TrapperCap
strongjon
SparTonberry Bubble Beam is a throw because sim said
kbjhon even in gen 1 ice beam doesnt work on water
tppsimulator Have we still love !!!
kbjhon ponjos wtf
村人 (murabito) flinch matters
Melcalc yes
terderrer this song is from a call of duty game?!
村人 (murabito) stomp better
Melcalc ...
村人 (murabito) one more
Melcalc figuring out the basics
村人 (murabito) liquidate adda
Melcalc kind of neophyte to this betting thng
chfoo adda sure has a lot of badges 🤔
kbjhon gastly cant touch exploud
村人 (murabito) um blue throw?
Ponjos omfg
Aashnod
得钱 (skillpokeyen) lol
Jeffdeadout cod music
Aashnod WEW
strongjon @Ponjos it's all good. learning everything takes a while!
kbjhon no win conditon now
村人 (murabito) nice call with the icy wind
Aashnod @Ponjos It's okay man, we still love you
Aashnod @Xanthophobic You are later than bait
Ponjos @strongjon @kbjhon Sorry, I'm not very good at this game... I'm an old genwunner.
Xanthophobic sorry adda
chfoo
Xanthophobic Addarash? More like Addacash or am I seven months too late
kbjhon use waterfall
strongjon ponjos waterfall is the better play since it has a higher hit percentage
Ponjos @kbjhon yes
tppsimulator Are we have Bubble Beam, are in throws
Ponjos !a plz
kbjhon ponjos do you want to win?
tpp @Addarash1 won a #133 Eevee badge from pinball!
Dayrunner79 gift subscription to skillpokeyen
Miracle_Seed it says i should use a whisper windows to send this message.... but I'm in a pop-out chat window
melcalc was timed out for 1 second.
SparTonberry At the least it should be easier to follow the story the second time around actually knowing the characters.
murabito was timed out for 1 second.
村人 (murabito) !bet 1
tpp The battle between Omanyte (Physical), Gastly (Curse), Chansey (Serene Grace) and Exploud (Flinch), Suicune (Hail), Nidorino (Special) has just begun!
tpp The match starts in 5 seconds.
tpp The match starts in 10 seconds.
Miracle_Seed Usa la ventana de susurros para enviar susurros.
tpp The match starts in 20 seconds.
Masnateah
kbjhon he knows
tpp The match starts in 30 seconds.
Masnateah @miracle_seed You need to type, “/tpp currency”
tpp easonchanfan started playing on the blue pinball table.
tpp The match starts in 40 seconds.
ponjos was timed out for 1 second.
Ponjos !bet 237blue
tpp The match starts in 50 seconds.
Miracle_Seed @tpp balance
tpp The match starts in 60 seconds.
tpp The last pinball game achieved 104,610,350 points (x2) on the red pinball table. easonchanfan participated.
村人 (murabito) ultra sun isn't the gigantic story upgrade i hoped for, but it's still the alola that i know and love
xxmoonlotusxx @miracle_seed @glaceon1234 /w tpp balance
kbjhon midnight mimosa
Glaceon1234 !balance
medechi
tpp The Pokémon for the next match are Omanyte (Physical), Gastly (Curse), Chansey (Serene Grace) and Exploud (Flinch), Suicune (Hail), Nidorino (Special)!
terderrer hows everyone enjoying ultra sun and moon?
tppsimulator would log i go all in punt pls
RosebudTheGamer LARRY Getting 140$as a prize !
tpp A new match is about to begin! It will start in 3m0s
Miracle_Seed ALMOST PIKACHU
Masnateah @sinr2014 / Hello from Vacaville!
tpp @MeowthsStream won a #022 Fearow badge from pinball!
tpp The break is over! Stand by for token match bidding results...
x42bn6
SinR2014 evening Masnateah
Masnateah Hello everyone.
Dayrunner79 tppsimulator has P1000 pokeyen T0 tokens
Miracle_Seed sim bid once
FlyingJ138 Have we ever got sim to bet?
FlyingJ138 sim
tppsimulator i go all in
Ponjos
Miracle_Seed !guess pikablu
Ponjos !Guess Pikachu
Miracle_Seed vergacion marico coño
tpp The hourly break has started!
tpp Team Red won the match!
村人 (murabito) bambi for ps2
Melcalc good thing i've only betted 1 lol
Dayrunner79 TEENAGE BEST is The BEST LOVER
Miracle_Seed the power of love !!!
Ponjos thank you
Ponjos yes
kbjhon \ /
Dayrunner79
strongjon YEE BOI
medechi x3
Dayrunner79 We need the power of love in order to live
Ponjos moar love plz
kbjhon really
kbjhon omg
medechi
Dayrunner79 Oh wait I bet on this
tpp @mikaru655 won a #021 Spearow badge from pinball!
Dayrunner79 Strategic Love
MinisculeCello
kbjhon
Dayrunner79
tppsimulator when you get skill if it's synchronize Scary Face until it might notwhen you get skill if it's synchronize
kbjhon
kbjhon yes
Ponjos no
Miracle_Seed Wooper with extra bbq sauce
Miracle_Seed burger king Pokémon
Ponjos sucks mate
Miracle_Seed the sunlight is stronk
kbjhon no plume or attract...
Matsouya tactical crit
medechi
Matsouya
kbjhon papajhon
tppsimulator what A bagel does anyone can still happen
tpp easonchanfan started playing on the red pinball table.
kbjhon Dendi just call me papa
melcalc was timed out for 1 second.
tpp The battle between Vibrava (Physical), Steelix (Special), Wooper (Standard) and Sunflora (Special), Zubat (Physical), Quilava (Special) has just begun!
tpp The match starts in 5 seconds.
Matsouya ooo castle crashers
tpp The match starts in 10 seconds.
Matsouya 14-second delay
tpp The match starts in 20 seconds.
tpp The match starts in 30 seconds.
kbjhon stream...
tpp The match starts in 40 seconds.
Matsouya ok cool it's not just me?
tpp The match starts in 50 seconds.
村人 (murabito) strem pls
redslender0 !bid 50 red
tpp The match starts in 60 seconds.
SparTonberry WEEB is going to learn Water Gun next level. Since we have Bubble Beam, are we going to keep grinding or switch another YEEB to grind more STAB?
datrothbart sim likes the music
村人 (murabito) doot doot
datrothbart sim
Matsouya doot doot doot doot
tppsimulator doot doot doot doot
tpp The last pinball game achieved 99,192,050 points (x1) on the blue pinball table. Miracle_Seed participated.
datrothbart plsfrog
kbjhon mighty switch force >not for switch....
村人 (murabito) SourPls
David Clarkson doesn't need to be reminded, nor does he like to be.
Looking for a lay-up of a hockey column at virtually any point during the 2013-14 NHL season? Write that Clarkson — he of the head-jerking, seven-year, $36.75-million contract — had underachieved in his debut campaign with the Toronto Maple Leafs, the hometown team in which he had rooted for as a boy in Mimico, Ont.
Encouraged by a playoff drought mercifully quenched and an off-season injection of local talent (Dave Bolland, too, hails from Mimico), more than a couple members of Leafs Nation didn't need to see Clarkson skate a single shift to fall head over heels: He fights and scores! He might just be the Second Coming of Wendel Clark! Edmonton offered more, but he still chose us!
The hype was insurmountable, the shortcomings inevitable. To go into detail about the 60 games Clarkson and Leafs fans would rather Men in Black from their memory feels like piling on, but two statistics capture his season in a nutshell. Clarkson had more fights (nine) than goals (five), and more games missed due to suspension (12) than points scored (11).
So when you ask Clarkson about the disappointment of last season, he's swift to change the subject. You can't blame him for not wanting to settle into a discussion of his worst year as a professional hockey player.
“It's not a secret, right? At the end of the season, I obviously wasn't happy,” Clarkson says. “No season goes the same, so you have to find a way to figure things out.
“So I went back to work right away and have been training as hard as I ever have. That's what you have to do. There's no summer where you train less than the one before. You look at how things went and work from there.”
Clarkson saw a two-and-a-half fewer minutes on the ice per night compared to his last year in Jersey; the third-highest-paid Leaf was seeing the 17th-most ice time (15:06). More critical, that 2:30 was all lost power-play time. On New Jersey's first unit, Clarkson led the Devils in power-play goals in 2012-13 with six. He had just one as a Leaf.
It was suggested to Clarkson that his 10-game suspension for coming off the bench during a pre-season brawl against the Buffalo Sabres might have had a lingering effect, that he may have suffered from trying to make up for lost time.
“It's tough to go through that, when your first impression or start is that,” he says. “But that's all behind me. Everything's behind me, and I'm looking forward to what's ahead.”
Although he has six more seasons to redeem himself, Clarkson's windfall last July served as the cautionary tale in this summer's free agency, but it's hardly the crash-and-banging forward's fault that he was offered a deal that vaulted him into a class of cap-hit-comparable players that includes James Neal, Ryan Kesler, Jamie Benn and Evander Kane. This summer Leafs GM Dave Nonis's splashiest addition was Leo Komarov, who signed for four years and $11.8 million.
Clarkson is a big fan of the new courting period that now precedes free agency, which likely helped juice his bank account.
“For me and my wife, we were lucky enough that we had quite a few teams where we could go and visit,” Clarkson says. Having time to weigh options, he explains, now alleviates the stress of making a serious life change. “This is something me and my wife wanted together, and it's a dream of mine. I grew up here. That was part of my decision.”
Now Clarkson's kids are growing up in Toronto. Clarkson, wife Brittney and daughter McKinnley, age 3, welcomed a new addition to Leafs Nation this off-season: baby Colton (no relation to Orr). The best anecdote to a bad season was the increased family time.
“You're able to be a dad a little bit. You get up with them. During the season it's hard. We're on the road a lot. It's a demanding schedule,” he says. “The summertime is when you can be a little bit more of a dad, be around as much as you can and play with them every day. It's been fun.”
[Editor's note: We're not just a (rad) news site -- we also publish opinions/editorials from our community & employees like this one, though be aware it may not jive with the opinions of Destructoid as a whole, or how our moms raised us. Want to post your own article in response? Publish it now on our community blogs.]
I walked through the graveyard at a brisk pace. The nightly mist shrouded the tombstones that I examined, searching for the grave of an old friend. After hours of searching the immense field, I came across a small, square rock. It was bare, while other stones were adorned with blooming flowers and bright pebbles. I solemnly stepped over to the grave, bending down to examine the name.
"Cubivore. July 2000 - November 10, 2002"
I took my gift out of my coat-pocket, a Wavebird wireless controller. Placing it on the cubic stone, I breathed a sigh of weary relief. I took out another gray piece and plugged it into a small round hole. Turning around to go home, I took a few steps, when a ghastly voice came from behind.
"Where are you going?"
I did an about-face and my eyes widened as I stared at the corporeal manifestation of polgygons that was The Ghost of Cubivore.
Ghost of Cubivore: "You forgot me. One might say I have joined the realm of The Forgotten."
Trebz: "No, I did not. Look, I brought you a controller."
Ghost of Cubivore: "And yet you walk away. Tell me, boy. If you have not forgotten me, what have you remembered about me?"
Trebz: "That's easy enough to answer. You were a game developed by the now-defunct company Saru Brunei, who was only responsible for one game. When you were announced in 2000, you were scheduled for release on the Nintendo 64 Disk Drive, but were then ported to the Gamecube after the N64DD failed miserably. In North America, you were published by Atlus, a publisher famous for niche titles with short shelf-lives. It made complete sense that you wouldn't do very well out here."
Ghost of Cubivore: "And, yet you found me."
Trebz: "That is true. I actually found you a couple years ago, brand new in a game shop I can't even remember the name of. I think you were the only purchase I made there. For twenty dollars, I'd say it was worth it."
Ghost of Cubivore: "How so?"
Trebz:"Well, you were a very charming game. Your graphics were god-awful, but saved miraculously by the art style. You, Cubivore, were a game about boxes eating each other in bloody, gruesome ways and then evolving. The player would start as a baby cube and grow new limbs by ripping them off of other species. Different combined patterns meant different ways of moving and different attributes. The overall story was that the Killer Cubivore, a deadly boss of all the evil animals, resided at the top of the food chain by eating the Wilderness (color) of the land alongside his companions, the minibosses. The player was given the mission to bring nature to the land by eating pellets that somehow made the maps greener, and large chunks of the map were cut off until they were made green again. At the end of each level was a miniboss with more limbs than the player. Once defeated, the player would be given a new limb. Anyway, imagine that all of this made of flat, horridly-textured, 3D boxes that made the game look like a tech-demo for the Super FX chip."
Ghost of Cubivore: "You're exaggerating!"
Trebz: "Barely. But that doesn't mean you didn't have style. In fact, the terrible technical skill was covered up by the game's humor and the fact that the game was supposed to be cubey. Massive amounts of cubic blood ran from the wounds of every animal eaten and the main character's inner monologues all revolved around his massive hunger. Oh, and the mating process after each level that allowed the main character to give birth to another generation involves a ginormous female cubivore eating the male alive. Also, you can take a crap whenever you want to to get rid of any colors you don't want."
Ghost of Cubivore: "You sound like you must have really enjoyed me."
Trebz: "Well, yes. For a while, I loved you. But around the end, things started becoming a bit stale. It was just more going around and eating and listening to crap BGM. The bosses all relied on eating a couple limbs, jumping out of the fight, then coming back for more. There wasn't much fun after a while. I lost interest. I forgot you. And then I traded you to Goozex to replace you with something that could hold my attention through to the end."
"You ... you sold me?" the Ghost of Cubivore stammered.
Trebz: "Yeah. I loved you, I really did. It's just ... well ... I guess there's a reason why you weren't well-known. You're still just a Nintendo 64 game on a Nintendo GameCube disk. I'd recommend you for the experience but not for the playthrough."
Ghost of Cubivore: "I see ..."
As I walked away from the grave of Cubivore, my head down in solitude, I knew that I would never again play Cubivore, and although I loved his style and wit, I didn't like him for the crude, violent, repetitive slob he really was.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Tony Blair descended into such a deep depression after the Iraq war that he told Gordon Brown and John Prescott he would quit No 10 the following summer – only to renege on the pledge within months, a new book by the Observer's Andrew Rawnsley reveals.
The former prime minister's physical and mental decline was so profound that he confided to friends that he "spaced out" several times during Prime Minister's Questions and often woke up in the middle of the night with sweat trickling down the back of his neck.
Rawnsley's explosive account is in The End of the Party, which is published on Monday , extracts from which appear in tomorrow's Observer. It lays bare, for the first time, how Blair was haunted and tormented by the deepening chaos and bloodshed in Iraq at the same time as being worn down by the constant psychological warfare being waged by Brown, his next-door neighbour in Downing Street, who was increasingly desperate to take his job.
While Blair's gift for presentation helped him hide his depression from the public and most of his staff, his private turmoil was so severe that he decided there was nothing for it but to hand over to Brown midway through his second term.
Rawnsley is the first journalist to detail how Blair, in those darkest days, made clear at a dinner with both Brown and Prescott in November 2003, and later in a telephone call to Prescott in spring 2004, that he would step down.
Sally Morgan, Blair's director of government relations, told Rawnsley: "Iraq was a quicksand swallowing him up. The atrocities. Those terrible photos [of Abu Ghraib]. And he started losing people who had supported him throughout. He was stuck in this long dark tunnel and could see no way out of it."
The book relates how Blair's special envoy in Iraq, the former UN ambassador, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, came to No 10 at the end of his service in Baghdad to brief the prime minister. Greenstock knew that his "very gloomy assessment" had made him highly unpopular in the building. Some at No 10 tried to keep him away, fearing the impact on Blair's collapsing morale. In Blair's den Greenstock warned him that the situation looked "unbelievably bad" and would get more desperate in the months to come. "What can we do?" pleaded Blair. "We have told them [the Americans] again and again what we think is necessary. If it doesn't happen, what can we do?" Greenstock was left with the image of the prime minister "tearing his hair" over Iraq and "throwing his hands in the air".
Rawnsley then charts how Blair – urged by his wife, Cherie, and closest political friends to pull back from the brink and deny Brown his chance – gradually recovered his self-belief and decided to fight on. The volte-face caused Brown's frustration to turn to rage.
On one occasion Brown went round to No 10 to get an answer. One of Blair's inner circle who witnessed this says: "Gordon was just losing it. He was behaving like a belligerent teenager. Just standing in the office shouting: 'When are you going to fucking go?' "
Blair's dark period throughout late 2003 and early 2004 was compounded by his heart complaint and anxiety that his young children were suffering at school because of the unpopular war their father had championed in Iraq. His friend and cabinet colleague Tessa Jowell says: "He was very low, he was very lonely and he was very tired."
In November 2003, Prescott, who was acting as "referee" between the prime minister and chancellor, hosted a dinner to discuss their differences and address the succession question. Next morning a visibly excited Brown told his key aides, Ed Miliband, Ed Balls, Spencer Livermore and Sue Nye, that Blair had assured him he was going in the summer. The four were sceptical, having heard about similar promises from Blair before. But by the spring Blair was to telephone Prescott and tell him he had settled on June as his departure date.
Behind the scenes, Blair's allies feared he was wobbling and were hatching a strategy to boost his morale. Jowell went to his study and told him: "You're going to get through this." Blair replied without conviction: "I'm fine, darling. Don't worry about me. I'm fine." Blair's friends noticed that women were better at bolstering him than men.
Peter Mandelson told him: "Come on. Buck up. Buck up. Think of what you've got to achieve. You're the best politician in this country by a mile."
After the June local elections of 2004, which were bad for Labour but not disastrous, Blair's zest for the job returned and he decided to stay to fight the 2005 election, which Labour won, though with a substantially reduced majority.
In autumn 2004, Blair declared he would fight the election but not lead Labour into a fourth one. But the statement led to relentless speculation about his departure date. Rawnsley reveals how, in the summer of 2006, Prescott was so frustrated with Blair's refusal to name a handover date that he threatened to resign as deputy prime minister unless he did so.
The Leafs organization has taken advantage of their endless bank account to take various risks on potential talent. Once again, this appears to be the case, as the Toronto Marlies announced the signing of TJ Foster to a two-way contract that will begin in the 2015/16 Season.
Uhhh..
Foster wasn't a particularly sought after prospect, but he's young enough to take a flyer on. At twenty two years old, the right winger has five WHL and two CIS seasons under his belt. In his after-draft years, Foster had three consecutive 25 goal seasons with the Edmonton Oil Kings, wearing the A in his last year (2012/13).
Since then, he's played for the University of Alberta. While he started off slowly in his first year, he followed that up with 42 points in 28 games, leading his team in scoring. The University of Alberta has won the last two national championships, both with Foster on the roster, and he was named the Canada West player of the year for 2014/15.
So Is He Any Good?
That remains to be seen, to be honest. It's really rare to see an AHL team sign a player for the following season this far in advance, and there wasn't a lot of hype about him to begin with. At the same time, his production has trended upward, he's still pretty young, and this doesn't burn an NHL contract. Really, all it burns is money, which is quite frankly meaningless.
Earlier this month, Jason LaCanfora reported that the 2015 NFL salary cap is expected to be between $138.1 million and $140 million per team. The NFL Players Association believes that is a good indication it will be higher, given what we saw this year. Either way, it is worth breaking down the San Francisco 49ers current cap situation as they prepare for the 2015 season.
The 49ers currently have 53 players signed for 2015, accounting for $140,294,943 in salary cap room. They also have $5,935,901 in dead money for 2015. This puts the 49ers over the 2015 salary cap by $5,360,844. However, the team also has $6,370,719 in estimated salary cap room still available for the 2014 season. They are allowed to roll over any unused cap space in a given year, which would put the 49ers at $2,195,902 under the 2015 salary cap.
First lets take a look at the 53 players under contract, and their salary cap numbers for 2015.
QB Colin Kaepernick - $15,265,753
OLB Aldon Smith - $9.754 million
OLB Ahmad Brooks - $9,648,750
ILB Patrick Willis - $8.268 million
ILB NaVorro Bowman - $7.654 million
TE Vernon Davis - $6,696,920
WR Anquan Boldin - $6.909 million
DE Justin Smith - $6,436,668
LT Joe Staley - $6.4 million
RT Anthony Davis - $6,154,170
WR Stevie Johnson - $6.025 million
SS Antoine Bethea - $4.75 million
PK Phil Dawson - $4.134 million
RG Alex Boone - $3.79 million
CB Tramaine Brock - $2.83 million
P Andy Lee - $2.55 million
NT Glenn Dorsey - $2,541,666
FS Eric Reid - $2,312,933
C Daniel Kilgore - $1,937,500
FS Craig Dahl - $1,933,334
FB Bruce Miller - $1,746,500
SS Jimmie Ward - $1,616,484
NT Ian Williams - $1,583,334
DE Tank Carradine - $1,349,367
OT Jonathan Martin - $1,042,400
TE Vance McDonald - $981,594
RB Carlos Hyde - $836,745
RB Kendall Hunter - $820,000
OG Joe Looney - $766,301
OLB Corey Lemonier - $720,880
C Marcus Martin - $694,359
WR Quinton Patton - $682,875
NT Quinton Dial - $630,413
WR Bruce Ellington - $628,607
ILB Nick Moody - $611,918
CB Dontae Johnson - $610,136
TE Derek Carrier - $585,000
CB Leon McFadden - $585,000
OG Brandon Thomas - $581,504
OLB Aaron Lynch - $559,500
SS James McCray - $512,000
C Dillon Farrell - $511,666
TE Asante Cleveland - $510,000
OG Andrew Tiller - $510,000
CB Marcus Cromartie - $510,000
CB Keith Reaser - $476,200
CB Kenneth Acker - $465,150
DE Kaleb Ramsey - $447,050
FB Trey Millard - $446,787
OG Fou Fonoti - $436,666
NT Mike Purcell - $435,000
WR Chuck Jacobs - $435,000
The following 49ers are scheduled to be free agents on March 10, 2015.
QB Blaine Gabbert
QB Josh Johnson
RB Frank Gore
RB Alfonso Smith
RB Philip Tanner
WR Michael Crabtree
WR Brandon Lloyd
WR Kassim Osgood
TE Garrett Celek (RFA)
OG Mike Iupati
DE Tony Jerod-Eddie (EFA)
OLB Dan Skuta
ILB Michael Wilhoite (RFA)
ILB Desmond Bishop
CB Chris Culliver
CB Perrish Cox
CB Chris Cook
SS Bubba Ventrone
LS Kyle Nelson (RFA)
The 49ers will retain some of their free agents, but guys like Michael Crabtree and Mike Iupati could prove too difficult to re-sign. That will depend in part on the market for their services, but given the 49ers salary cap situation, it would not be surprising to see the 49ers move on from them.
The 49ers cap situation is not exactly cap hell, but there will be some work to do this offseason to clear out some space. Here are a few ways to create some room.
1. Ahmad Brooks is scheduled to have a $6 million base salary, plus $1.2 million in roster bonuses, and a $100,000 workout bonus. If the 49ers release Brooks they would save $4,102,500 against the salary cap with a pre-June 1 cut.
2. Vernon Davis is scheduled to make a $4.35 million base salary, along with a $350,000 roster bonus, and a $200,000 workout bonus. If the 49ers release him, they would save $4.9 million in salary cap room.
3. Colin Kaepernick has a scheduled $10.4 million base salary, and the 49ers could lower it down to the minimum of $745,000, thus creating a $9.655 million signing bonuses. A signing bonus prorates out over five years at $1.931 million a year. This would give the 49ers a maximum savings of $7.724 million, but obviously removes some of the flexibility they currently have if they decide to move on from him at some point in the future.
4. Aldon Smith is scheduled to make $9.754 million under his fifth year option. It becomes guaranteed after the start of the 2015 league year. The 49ers could sign him to a long term contract extension, with a sizable signing bonus and low first year base salary. Given his off the field issues, the team could choose to wait on that until after a full offseason to see if he can stay out of trouble.
5. Patrick Willis is scheduled to have a $7.065 million base salary, and if they were to extend him a through the 2019 season, they could save as much as $4.956 million in salary cap room.
6. Craig Dahl is also a possible cap casualty, which would save the team $1.7 million in salary cap room if cut.
7. The last group are players who could retire:
If Anquan Boldin retired, the 49ers would save $3.273 million in salary cap room.
If Justin Smith retired, the 49ers would save $4.25 million in salary cap room.
If Phil Dawson retired, the 49ers would save $3.143 million in salary cap room.
As always you can follow me on Twitter @Jay_AB81.
[rust-dev] Today's Rust contribution ideas
People interested in Rust are often looking for ways to have a greater impact on its development, and while the issue tracker lists lots of stuff that one *could* work on, it's not always clear what one *should* work on. There is consistently an overwhelming number of very important tasks to do which nobody is tackling, so this is an effort to update folks on what high-impact, yet accessible, contribution opportunities are available. These are of varying difficulty, but progress on any of them is worthy of *extreme kudos*. # Break up libextra (#8784) Getting our library ecosystem in shape in critical for Rust 1.0. We want Rust to be a "batteries included" language, distributed with many crates for common uses, but the way our libraries are organized - everything divided between std and extra - has long been very unsatisfactory. libextra needs to be split up into a number of subject-specific crates, setting the precedent for future expansion of the standard libraries, and with the impending merging of #11787 the floodgates can be opened. This is simply a matter of identifing which modules in extra logically belong in their own libraries, extracting them to a directory in src/, and adding a minimal amount of boilerplate to the makefiles. Multiple people can work on this, coordinating on the issue tracker. # Improve the official cheatsheet We have the beginnings of a 'cheatsheet', documenting various common patterns in Rust code (http://static.rust-lang.org/doc/master/complement-cheatsheet.html), but there is so much more that could be here. This style of documentation is hugely useful for newcomers. There are a few ways to approach this: simply review the current document, editing and augmenting the existing examples; think of the questions you had about Rust when you started and add them; solicit questions (and answers!) from the broader community and them; finally, organize a doc sprint with several people to make some quick improvements over a few hours. # Implement the `Share` kind (#11781) Future concurrency code is going to need to reason about types that can be shared across threads. The canonical example is fork/join concurrency using a shared closure, where the closure environment is bounded by `Share`. We have the `Freeze` kind which covers a limited version of this use case, but it's not sufficient, and may end up completely supplanted by `Share`. This is quite important to have sorted out for 1.0 but the design is not done yet. Work with other developers to figure out the design, then once that's done the implementation - while involving a fair bit of compiler hacking and library modifications - should be relatively easy. # Remove `do` (#10815) Consensus is that the `do` keyword is no longer pulling its weight. Remove all uses of it, then remove support from the compiler. This is a 1.0 issue. # Experiment with faster hash maps (#11783) Rust's HashMap uses a cryptographically secure hash, and at least partly as a result of that it is quite slow. HashMap continues to show up very, very high in performance profiles of a variety of code. It's not clear what the solution to this is, but it is clear that - at least sometimes - we need a much faster hash map solution. Figure out how to create faster hash maps in Rust, potentially sacrificing some amount of DOS-resistance by using weaker hash functions. This is fairly open-ended and researchy, but a solution to this could have a big impact on the performance of rustc and other projects. # Replace 'extern mod' with 'extern crate' (#9880) Using 'extern mod' as the syntax for linking to another crate has long been a bit cringeworthy. The consensus here is to simply rename it to `extern crate`. This is a fairly easy change that involves adding `crate` as a keyword, modifying the parser to parse the new syntax, then changing all uses, either after a snapshot or using conditional compilation. This is a 1.0 issue. # Introduce a design FAQ to the official docs (#4047) There are many questions about languages' design asked repeatedly, so they tend to have documents simply explaining the rationale for various decisions. Particularly as we approach 1.0 we'll want a place to point newcomers to when these questions are asked. The issue on the bug tracker already contains quite a lot of questions, and some answers as well. Add a new Markdown file to the doc/ folder and the documentation index, and add as many of the answers as you can. Consider recruiting others in #rust to help.
Boston's Amir Johnson, Gerald Green and Kelly Olynyk each have a special routine they carry out before tip-off. (0:52)
BOSTON -- Kelly Olynyk's head was spinning.
It was early October 2013, and the Celtics were navigating the first days of training camp under newly hired head coach Brad Stevens.
Olynyk, then a 22-year-old rookie, was trying his best to simply pick up NBA terminology and make sure he was in all the right spots as the Celtics launched a new era on the campus of Salve Regina University in Newport, Rhode Island.
"I could care less. I just want to win the next possession."
One night, after the team's two-a-day sessions were complete, Olynyk went out to dinner with soon-to-be team captain Rajon Rondo and longtime strength coach Bryan Doo. The conversation eventually turned to two very important topics for any NBA rookie.
First, Rondo and Doo, each a father of young children, implored Olynyk to embrace the fact he was young and able to make basketball a singular focus. Second, they advised him to develop a pregame routine.
In that moment, the start of one of the NBA's most ambitious pre-tipoff routines was born.
It has been a steady evolution, but Olynyk is now a blizzard of activity in the time from lineup announcements until the game's opening jump ball, all with a goal of getting himself and his teammates pumped up for action.
Olynyk's routine crescendos with a sequence in which he sprints from near midcourt for a flying body bump with teammate Jonas Jerebko and then spins seamlessly into a multistep handshake with Doo that ends when Olynyk brings his hands together before emphatically fanning them out skyward.
"Rondo and B-Doo were telling me, 'Bro, just live your life. Keep working, keep grinding. But right now you have no worries,'" Olynyk said. "And that's how our pregame handshake started.
"There's so much stuff in life, and then you just gotta, like," Olynyk said as he replicated a fanning motion. "You can't worry about any of that right now."
Every team in the NBA has unique pregame routines. There are plenty of well-choreographed handshakes and endless fist bumps. In Oklahoma City, Russell Westbrook and former Thunder guard Cameron Payne became a must-watch dance party last season.
Boston's pregame routines are fascinating to observe, and it's a small glimpse into the chemistry and cohesion that has positioned Boston two wins away from a trip to the Eastern Conference finals. The Celtics visit the Washington Wizards on Thursday night in Game 3 of an East semifinal series at the Verizon Center (8 p.m. ET, ESPN).
During lineup introductions, All-Star point guard Isaiah Thomas stands alone in the corner opposite the Celtics bench until his name is announced. A mosh pit ensues, with players aggressively bumping and wrestling each other until "Welcome to the Jungle" by Guns N' Roses begins and the 90-second countdown to tipoff begins.
As warm-up gear gets hurled in every direction, Stevens draws up a play for Boston's first possession. The huddle typically breaks with maybe a minute on the clock, and Boston players race to begin their routines -- some more detailed than others:
After player intros and before the opening tip, Amir Johnson gets the call from the bullpen. Brian Babineau/NBAE via Getty Images
Amir Johnson's first pitch
Celtics big man Amir Johnson used to peel off his warm-up shirt and simply throw it to the sky as a sideline attendant raced to catch it. The sequence evolved, and Johnson now throws his crumpled-up shirt at Doo, who crouches like a catcher on the baseline.
Teammates at first watched to see if Johnson would throw a strike. He did it frequently enough that veteran Gerald Green now stands in front of Doo, waggling an imaginary bat and then trying to make contact with his hands. Olynyk often breaks away from his own intensive routine to play the field behind Johnson.
"At first I was striking [Green] out," Johnson said. "But, like, [in recent] games, he's been hitting home runs now. I think my catcher [Doo] doesn't have great signals, and I have to talk to him about that. His signals are throwing me off."
Doo confirmed a recent pitcher-catcher conference, and whatever was discussed appears to have worked for Johnson. Green finds himself in a postseason slump as Johnson routinely works the corners of the plate.
Stevens and his assistants, their more subtle fist bumps concluded, sometimes sneak a glance at Johnson's opening pitch.
"I could care less [about the pregame antics]. I just want to win the next possession," Stevens said. "But sometimes I do enjoy watching Amir throw the pitch."
Told that Green had been making solid contact in his early at-bats, Stevens said he's well-aware, noting that Green hit a home run late in the regular season.
"That's probably the thing I enjoy the most," Stevens said of the pitcher-hitter sequence. "I'm not big on the mosh pit or things like Kelly jumping in the air. But everybody has to do their own thing."
Boston's Kelly Olynyk is a ball of energy in the minutes before tipoff. AP Photo/Charles Krupa
It's a bird? It's a plane? It's Kelly Olynyk!
Olynyk's post-huddle journey starts at the scorer's table, where he, Tyler Zeller and Jonas Jerebko dap all the starters headed to the court.
Olynyk breaks away to be part of Johnson's pitch, and then eventually makes the trek back to the bench, fist-bumping the team's media relations staffers and all the coaches along the way. There are quick handshakes and hugs with most of his teammates until he spies Jerebko.
That's when Olynyk turns, jogs a few paces in the opposite direction, touches his toes, and then speeds at Jerebko as the two leap in the air for their flying body bump. Olynyk throws some sort of midair ninja kick and then locates Doo as he spins for the grand finale.
When that's done, Olynyk does some quick-stepping calisthenics, and as the pregame countdown buzzer sounds, he typically rips open the top of his warm-up shirt a la Superman.
"I'm running out of time," Olynyk playfully lamented. "Sometimes Coach takes too long to draw up the first play, and then we don't get time to do it all. I might be maxed out on what I can do."
Boston's 'basketball Bluetooth'
There's plenty more to see on Boston's sideline, some of it less obvious. Marcus Smart has a personalized sequence with Green. Jae Crowder offers daps and bows to anyone he can find. Eventually, Smart locates fellow 2014 draftee James Young, and they do a more subdued version of the Westbrook-Payne dance. Second-year guard Terry Rozier and Green often do a fictional dice roll that brings back memories of Paul Pierce's huddle-breaking routine.
As silly as it can look to casual observers, do not diminish the importance of all the pre-tip chaos. NBA players crave routines and can be thrown off without them. Games in Boston's most recent Big Three era couldn't start until Kevin Garnett was done head-butting the stanchion and pounding his chest at the crowd.
Now a new generation of Celtics are trying to find their own unique ways to get ready for game action.
"It definitely gets you in game mode, gets everybody pumped up and ready to go," Olynyk said. "It kind of gets you on the same wavelength as everybody else. Everybody knows at that time what everybody else is doing.
"It kinda syncs you guys all together. It's like basketball Bluetooth."
Stevens is asked if he had any fancy handshakes as part of his pregame routine when he played collegiately at DePauw University, and the glance he offers in response confirms his pregame routine was as bland as could be. But he's fine with whatever his players need to do to get ready for game time.
"When you play 82 games, I think one of the things is, everybody has a routine and kind of rhythm of how they get into a game," Stevens said. "I think it's really cool, and it basically adds enthusiasm through that. We're not the only team, obviously, and people have talked about other teams and their pregame stuff.
"I think it's fun. Have fun with it."
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi is calling for National Security Advisor Michael Flynn to be fired over his secret talks with Russia—and she's connecting the dots between Flynn's behavior and Donald Trump's Russia issues:
“Michael Flynn's conduct was alarming enough before his secret communications with the Russians were exposed. Now, we have a National Security Advisor who cannot be trusted not to put Putin before America.
“The conduct of the Trump White House speaks for itself. The reports of the Trump-Russia dossier gain credence with each passing day. As long as Republicans refuse to compel the release of President Trump's tax returns, they are complicit in covering up Russia's financial, personal and political hold on the Administration.
“This Administration has exhausted its excuses. Vladimir Putin's grip on President Trump must be investigated, exposed and broken. National security demands that General Flynn be fired immediately.”
You often hear the phrase "I need a vacation from my vacation."
I try not to use clichés, but after just a few days at the beach, I need a vacation from my vacation.
Unfortunately, I have a kid. So I'll never get one.
You lose a lot of things when you have kids. (Yes, bleeding hearts, you gain a lot too -- like a new perspective and a bigger heart and cuts on your feet from stepping on LEGO pieces -- but becoming a parent forces you to shed much of your old lifestyle to accommodate your new one.) Never is this more clear than when you go on holiday with your offspring.
What used to be equal parts bender and relaxation -- a stretch of time devoted to drinking and napping, eating and swimming, staying up late and waking up late -- becomes a test of endurance. A brutal battle to max out your stamina and maintain enough energy and enthusiasm to reap as much reward as possible, even as your energy and enthusiasm dwindles.
That's not to say it's not fun. Mom and Buried and I had a blast taking Detective Munch to the beach. He had a great time playing in the sand with his honorary uncles, and the adults even managed to have a few pops and eat a few meals without a few meltdowns (he was seriously well-behaved most of the time). Overall, it was great success. But this morning, even after a decent night's sleep in my own bed, I woke up feeling... what's the opposite of refreshed?
So, what is it about being a parent that's so exhausting? (Especially a parent of a go-go-go toddler who has no independent life without his Mommy and Daddy.)
It's not that having a toddler is physically exhausting, although it is. Running after him when he breaks loose in a store or a parking lot or on a beach; wrestling him down to brush his teeth so he doesn't end up looking British or to apply sunscreen so he doesn't end up looking British; carrying him to bed or to the bath or in and out of his car seat while he flails and kicks like a fish with limbs. All of that is definitely exhausting. But that's not the real issue.
And it's not that having a toddler is mentally exhausting, although it is. Devising lists in your head every time you leave the house just to make sure he has his lovey and his milk and his snacks and some crayons and some diapers and some wipes and a stroller and the sunscreen and his toy phone and his coloring books; stressing out every time you think there might be egg or peanuts or gluten or glass in his food; worrying all night long that he's being too quiet in bed or not quiet enough; gritting your teeth at a restaurant or at a store or on playdate when he starts to scream and throw a tantrum and people are watching you. All of that is definitely exhausting. But that's not the real issue either.
Of course, being exhausted is not just for parents. Once you hit a certain age, energy is just harder to come by; pretty much everyone I know is exhausted all the time. It's just life.
But as a parent, there is one primary reason I am always so tired: the lack of recovery time.
One of the earliest pieces of advice I got when my wife was pregnant was to catch up on sleep before my kid was born. It's both incredibly apt advice and terribly stupid advice. Stupid because there's no way to "catch up" on sleep before you lose it; you can't bank sleep. And apt because once you have a kid, as in DAY ONE, the amount of sleep you'll get for the rest of your life -- on both a daily basis and in accumulative "total sleep hours" -- begins to diminish and never stops. It's like someone pokes a hole in your canteen and slowly, all of it drains out. And there's no getting it back.
When you have kids, or even just one kid like I do, you don't get a day off. You don't have a chance to play catch-up. If you happen to stay up too late, or party too hard, or go out and get a little tipsy, you aren't getting the extra sleep you need the next day. You're not getting a chance to sleep in until your hangover goes away or you get some energy back. You get up when your kid gets up and you follow him around doing everything he needs because you're his slave and that's your life now. The same thing happens when you're sick. Your kid doesn't care if you're hugging the toilet or if you need your appendix out or if you have a headache. Your kid doesn't even care if he's the reason you have a headache (guess what? He is the reason.).
So sure, going on vacation with kids is still fun; it's just not much of a vacation anymore. Not like it was. Unless you have a nanny. In which case, I take back everything in this post and also I hate you.
Also on HuffPost:
(Reuters) - A federal judge has thrown out a $532.9 million award against Apple Inc and ordered a new trial on damages, in a case where a jury found that the iPhone maker's iTunes software infringed three patents owned by a Texas company.
An Apple logo is seen in front of an Apple Store as a customer waits to enter, in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos
In a decision on Tuesday, U.S. District Judge Rodney Gilstrap in Tyler, Texas, said jurors who on Feb. 24 awarded the damages to Smartflash LLC because of Apple's willful infringement might have been confused by his instructions on how to properly calculate royalties.
Apple had argued that the damages were too high because jurors might have improperly considered the entire market value of the products, rather than distinguishing between patented and unpatented features.
Gilstrap said his jury instructions were legally correct but not applicable to the facts of the case, and “may have created a skewed damages horizon for the jury.”
He set a new trial only on the issue of damages for Sept. 14 in Tyler, where Smartflash is based.
Bradley Caldwell, a lawyer for Smartflash, did not immediately respond on Wednesday to requests for comment.
Apple declined to comment on Gilstrap's decision, but said the case showed why Congress should try to curb litigation by Smartflash and similar companies whose business models depend in part on lawsuits to enforce their patents.
“We refused to pay off this company for the ideas our employees spent years innovating,” Apple said.
Shares of Apple were down 1.9 percent at $123.36 in afternoon Nasdaq trading.
Smartflash accused Apple in a May 2013 lawsuit of infringing patents for accessing and storing songs, videos and games, enabling the Cupertino, California-based company to sell more of its iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch products.
The lawsuit said Patrick Racz, a co-inventor of Smartflash's patents, had discussed some of his ideas in 2000 with officials of a European company, including Augustin Farrugia, who later became a senior director at Apple.
Smartflash originally sought damages of $852 million.
The trial took place in the federal court for the Eastern District of Texas, a favorite for lawyers representing patent holders because of its reputation for high damages awards.
The case is Smartflash LLC et al v. Apple Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Texas, No. 13-00447.
BALTIMORE – A Maryland day care worker is accused of murder in the death of an 8-month-old girl who police say was assaulted during her nap.
Leah Walden, 23, is charged with first and second-degree murder, assault, child abuse and reckless endangerment in the death of Reese Bowman.
According to a police statement, officers arrived at the Baltimore day care facility on Tuesday afternoon after receiving a report of a baby not breathing. Medics performed CPR at the scene and the little girl was transported to a local hospital but did not survive.
CBS affiliate WJZ reports that police began investigating and spoke with Walden who said she fed the infant, wrapped her up in a blanket, and placed her in a crib for a nap. When she returned about 45 minutes later, she said she noticed the girl was not breathing and contacted authorities.
But the daycare facility has cameras throughout the center, and on Wednesday the owner of the facility notified police that they had discovered some "disturbing" video.
WJZ reports that police say the video shows Walden putting excessive blankets on the child, which covered her head, before snatching the little girl out of the crib by one arm several times, swinging at her as if she were slapping her, then placing pillows over her face.
Walden also reportedly walked off camera with the girl several times, and police tell the station they "can only assume" what Walden may have done off camera.
Police reportedly say they do not know why Walden allegedly assaulted the infant, but it appears that the child was awake during the assault.
According to police, there have been no previous formal complaints against this day care facility.
A Florida woman was arrested this past week for running naked into the street, then mounting a stranger's Lexus and proceeding to masturbate in full view of traffic.
Orlandoite Amie Carter, 31, is at the center of the Florida woman stops traffic to masturbate story. According to the Orlando Sentinel, Carter jumped onto the Lexus' hood and stomped it with her feet before “us[ing] her hands to pleasure herself.”
The situation, which some witnesses compared to Cameron Diaz's infamous car love scene in last year's Cormac McCarthy-penned The Counselor, began when officers responded to a call about a naked woman around 11:15 PM. They found Carter completely naked and talking on her phone, and also unbothered by the traffic as she walked along in the middle of the street near a busy Orlando intersection.
In the words of the official police report, the arresting officers wrote that Carter “appeared to be under the influence [of] a heavy unknown substance.” And, in maybe the most obvious understatement of the entire police report, the officers added that Carter “appeared in an altered mental state, displaying extremely irrational and volatile behavior.”
That “heavy” substance did not stop her from jumping up and down on the hood of the Lexus, essentially “stomping” on it while its horrified passengers looked on. Carter's strange tantrum did $1,500 worth of damage, according to the car's owners.
When officers asked her to come down off of the car, Carter refused — and began kicking at them instead. And that's when her traffic-stopping masturbation session began.
Eventually, police were able to wrestle Carter to the ground, handcuff her, and wrap her in a blanket. She was booked into the Orange County jail on charges of “criminal mischief” and “exposure of sexual organs.”
No word yet on the drug that so influenced Carter's behavior -– or on the state of the Lexus.
(Photo credits: Florida woman stops traffic to masturbate via Orange County jail)
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Mar 12, 2009 in Star Trek
Having watched the original series since my early childhood one of my early disappointments in life was the 1979 film Star Trek: The Motion Picture: You have to understand for me this was like Beatles getting back together again, but then producing a bad disco album. So it's not surprising that I've blocked most of my memories associated with that “film” out of mind. But one thing that that the Paramount marketing dept. got right was the merchandising, and in this case I had forgotten that fast food giant McDonald's had created a series of Star Trek themed Happy Meals to coincide with the film. Shown above and below are commercials that promoted fast food for Star Fleet officers in training.
Each Star Trek Happy Meals box art included comic strips and trading cards that you could cut out. The comic strip artwork was by illustrator Ron Villani who had quite a bit of fun with his subject matter:
But best of all each Happy Meal included a special toy communicator which included a comic strip that you could scroll through:
In Europe, and elsewhere, Slovenia suffers the fate of being confused with Slovakia and the capital city, Ljubljana, strikes fear in the hearts of the tongue-twister challenged. However, it is hard to ignore the country's efforts to modernize, with a focus on green initiatives, including changing the traffic paradigm and reestablishing the bicycle in its cities as a feasible transportation solution.
Nestled amongst Italy, Croatia, Hungary, and Austria, Slovenia has maintained a unique identity. In this tightly packed neighborhood that has seen national borders shift like Saharan sands for centuries, Slovenia is perhaps the most unassuming resident, a fact that many Slovenes don't seem to mind.
The country is a small one – smaller than New Jersey. Its capital city Ljubljana is leading a revolutionary charge when it comes to transportation. But this interesting and inspirational story does not have its roots in the past decade with the rise of Bicycle Urbanism. It dates back to the 1960s.
When I was working in Ljubljana in 2011, I was riding with the city's passionate and tireless bicycle officer, Janez Bertoncelj. We were on a site visit to a new intersection to review some bicycle infrastructure issues. Heading out of the city center, I looked down and realized that we were cycling on a fine example of a Copenhagen-style, curb-separated cycle track. Bertoncelj shrugged and explained that it dated from the 1960s.
I went on to learn that about 50 years ago Ljubljana had started to look at increasing bicycle traffic while keeping cyclists safe. From what I have been able to ascertain, the renowned Slovenian architect Edvard Ravnikar played a role in this cycle track's development.
Ravnikar led a new generation of Slovenian architects and was inspired by the Scandinavian architectural style. He wrote an article or two about the benefits of bicycle infrastructure, which it seems was instrumental for what happened next. A team of planners and engineers headed to Copenhagen. Despite plummeting cycling rates due to two decades of car-centric planning in the Danish capital, there were still stretches of cycle track to be found. This was at the peak of the Cold War, and though the curtain around Yugoslavia was beaded rather than iron, it is still impressive that such a study trip was made during that era.
After studying Copenhagen's bicycle infrastructure, the team returned to Ljubljana and got to work implementing 25 miles (40 kilometers) of Copenhagen-quality cycle tracks. Cycling levels rose from 2 percent to 10 percent in a year and remained at that level for the next four decades.
For me, this story is really the foundation for the modern age of Slovenian urbanism.
Like many countries after the fall of communist rule, Slovenia mapped out a personalized fast track to prosperity. Although Slovenia lands on the heavy end of the scale regarding car ownership among European countries, (with one car for every two inhabitants), it is a small country with 66 percent of its territory covered by forests and rural towns sprinkled across the landscape. However, its compact city centers almost presuppose bicycles as the preferred mode and the inroads that Ljubljana has made are now inspiring the country's smaller cities and towns.
The 280,000 citizens of the capital, like urban dwellers everywhere, have places to go, things to do, and people to see. Electing politicians willing to pass policies, approve infrastructure, and promote intelligent transportation choices is key. The city has a pretty decent base to build on. Indeed, cycling mode share has increased to 12 percent since 2006, largely due to investment in infrastructure and the implementation of a bike share program.
As it stands now, 37 percent walk, 12 percent ride a bicycle, 13 percent use public transportation, and 38 percent drive a car. There are 45 miles (73 kilometers) of cycle tracks and 83 miles (133 kilometers) of bicycle lanes. On a global scale, these numbers are impressive. There are more miles of protected cycle tracks in Ljubljana than in all of Canada.
Not content with the status quo, the current administration is now pushing for more. Getting bicycles back into the traffic equation is all the rage these days, but only some cities will put their money where their mouth is.
Building upon the copy/ paste successes of the 1960s has taken a while, but things are accelerating. The city has recently completed work on a new bike path through Tivoli City Park, newly painted bike boxes, and added bike lanes on a number of streets.
A new bike counter on Dunajska Street declares publicly that there are many days with more than 5,000 cyclists who take a trip through there.
Get your FREE copy of our guide: Momentum Mag's Cargo Bike Guide Discover the wonderful world of cargo bikes! Download this comprehensive guide to learn about different cargo bike models, brands, the history of cargo bikes, buying advice, one family's experience with cargo biking, and more. Country... Country... Canada United States Other Get My FREE Guide Please select your country and provide a valid email address This is a sponsored guide. Your email address may be shared with Bike Friday. Please read our Privacy Policy Thank you for your submission. Please check your inbox to download the guide!
Slovenska Street – in effect the entire nation's boulevard – is undergoing a massive redesign. For decades, this was a quick, crosstown route for cars and trucks but this is a new century. The street is being redesigned to limit motorized traffic through the middle stretch, in the heart of the city, and to prioritize walking, cycling, and transit. The changes will also open large areas of public space.
You can often gauge the mood of a nation or a city by reading their newspapers. The Slovenia Times is an English language publication focused on business. What is their take on the redesign of the capital's main street?
“The redevelopment will transform the existing motor traffic corridor, which doesn't contribute to street life, into the capital's central public area. The withdrawal of motor traffic will enable programmes to expand and design a space with its own character – which will at the same time still partly maintain the historical character of a road that the city centre draws on due to buses, taxis and deliveries.” “Because of the narrowing to two traffic lanes, there will be extended sidewalks with bicycle lanes on both sides. The two-lane road and pedestrian area will be leveled to visually connect the street area and make it easier for pedestrians to cross.” “The newly renovated street will acquire a unique identity, modern in every aspect.”
This bold redesign is regarded as modern. It is rare, even in countries that are well ahead of the curve in urbanism, that we read such an angle on a project aimed at reducing car traffic and creating better public space; it's rather fantastic.
For a week every September, the European Commission sponsors European Mobility Week – all about sustainable transportation, green initiatives, and making cities better. In 2013, almost 2,000 cities and towns in 47 European countries participated by hosting events and conferences focused on mobility.
Ljubljana received the European Mobility Week Award in 2013. The award goes to the local authority that is best at promoting sustainable transport and introducing new measures to encourage and promote a shift to sustainable transportation forms. The city's extensive program of activities was connected under the theme of “Clean Air – it's your move”.
Throughout the week, Ljubljana introduced a new bus route, a bus card for people with disabilities, new environmentally-friendly methane-powered buses, a new cycle track in Tivoli Park, and carried out numerous studies on travel behavior and bicycle use. The programs involved engaging many different stakeholders including schools, sports associations, research centers, and citizen groups.
Thirty-six Slovenian municipalities participated in European Mobility Week in 2013 – a sign that the trickle-down effect from the capital is now a steady flow. The trickle started early. The copy/ paste approach to implementing best practice infrastructure also reached other cities. In the country's third-largest city, Celje, there are still protected cycle tracks dating from the 1960s – also directly inspired by Copenhagen.
Maribor, the second-largest city in Slovenia (and previous winner of the Alpine Town of the Year Award) is also moving in the right direction. The city opened the country's first mobility center that focuses on sustainable mobility in January 2014.
As a yardstick for their progress, Ljubljana has been selected as the European Green Capital for 2016. Although, these annual European Union initiatives are not exactly of interest to most citizens, as the Green Capital Ljubljana will follow Hamburg (2011), Vitoria-Gasteiz (2012), Nantes (2013), Copenhagen (2014), and Bristol (2015). For a small city I suppose it is a big deal and is likely to be good for tourism.
The future looks bright for Slovenian cities and towns. Most countries in Europe have at least one city that “gets it” and boasts higher than average cycling levels. Czech Republic has Pardubice, Italy has Ferrara, Norway has Trondheim, Austria has Graz. In Slovenia, however, it is the capital leading the way – providing a kind of municipal top-down inspiration. It's always easier that way, especially when compared to the other way around.
In my work, I hear all too often that “this place isn't Copenhagen” and “all that won't work here”. In my opinion, Ljubljana has proved a very simple fact: Copy/ pasting well designed, best practice infrastructure gives instant results. In this respect, cities rarely differ. They are just urban landscapes populated by Homo sapiens.
One thing that will help accelerate the progress of Slovenian cities would be looking back to the experience they had in the 1960s. I still see infrastructure being put into place that is sub-standard. Reviving the tradition of copy/ pasting best practices and creating an intelligently designed network in cities would provide the ultimate booster for taking urban cycling to the next level, providing all important leadership for cities in the region and beyond. By continuing on the path laid down in the 1960s, Ljubljana will be a name easily recognized – and pronounced – around the world.
Titan FC‘s CEO Jeff Aronson took a moment to discuss what goes on in the MMA world when the lights are off.
Jeff Aronson is a manager turned promoter currently heading the promotion Titan FC. Since taking over, Aronson has been using his inside information and experience to develop legitimate talent while avoiding “freak show fights”.
Prior to running Titan FC, Aronson was one of the heads of Alchemist Management. The team was run by Aronson, MC Hammer, and Lex McMahon, and had several top fighters signed.
Titan FC is on the cusp of putting on it's biggest show yet, so Cage Pages took some time to learn about the promotion, and MMA from the eyes of a promoter and manager.
Aronson started out by letting people know how he got started as a promoter.
“Alchemist Management was signing top prospects, and we had the toughest time getting them fights to get them battle-tested. We even started signing UFC level talent and had a hard time getting them fights. I went to my partners at Alchemist Management, they gave me their blessings to step down, I purchased Titan and since then it's grown to what it is today. “
Aronson went on to explain why they've seen continued success.
“The thing that really separates us is we're working on real MMA fights. We sign top veterans and top prospects, but we don't make any freak show fights. We really battle-test our guys so they can develop. We don't want our fighters to be two and out fighters.”
Regional promotions often pick up veteran fighters after they leave the UFC or Bellator. It is a great way for them to make the necessary changes, and get back to the biggest promotions possible. At the same time, older fighters often fight beyond what their bodies can realistically handle. Aronson touched on dealing with veteran fighters, and the difficult conversations one has to have.
“As a promoter, not a manager, I have different conversations with fighters. I haven't had to talk with Titan guys, but I have done it on the manager side. The problem is the window is so small, you only have so many years, fights and injuries your body can take. These guys are so passionate, they love what they do so much that they want to be involved forever. You have to sit people down and be brutally honest. You have to think long term, you have to be nice but honest. I don't want to name names, but we had to tell one UFC fighter if he didn't stop we would cease to represent.”
On the flipside, Aronson and Titan FC spend the majority of their time developing young prospects. Aronson discussed some of the brightest prospects in Titan FC, and two fighting at Titan FC 38.
“Jose Torres is a guy that if continues to grow and develop into the fighter he is becoming, he will contend for the title. I think he'll have to go down to 125, but he could contend for the title in the UFC. If you look at his fights, if you look at his movement, he has everything it takes. This kid is a phenom. Sid Bice has every attribute to go on and contend, but he's by far fighting his toughest test in Pedro Nobre. That might be fight of the night. Nobre just went against Tim Elliott and he got his licks in against a guy I think is a top five flyweight.”
Continuing on about Titan FC 38, Aronson discussed more of the fun match-ups to look forward to.
“You got Caio Rocha taking on Peter Petties. Corey Tait from the UK is coming over, taking on Andrew Whitney. We've got one of the top welterweights Steve Carl. He could have gone anywhere, but we got him and he's fighting one of the top welterweight prospects in the world, Belal Muhammad, for the welterweight title. We're putting them together to see what happens.”
Being a promoter, Aronson has an interesting perspective on the current drama going on in the MMA world. Aronson gave a brief comment on the Conor McGregor situation, and promoter-fighter relations.
“I don't really know the true facts, but the truth is no one fighter is ever bigger than the brand. UFC is the brand, the promotion, and it's their ball, their field in their arena. If part of your job is to go on the press tour, you do it. You do your job.”
Ever the promoter, Aronson decided to leak a bit of news about an upcoming Titan FC card.
“June 10th we're having Pat Healy fight JZ Cavalcante for the lightweight title.”
Before closing the conversation, Aronson stressed the motto that has made Titan FC successful.
“We've been following the same formula fight after fight, putting on good match-ups. Getting good veterans and prospects in on the same card. We started using the hashtag #fansfightersfirst because we truly appreciate the fans. We always put the fans and the fighters first.”
Running a successful fight promotion is taxing physically and mentally. Not only are people in charge of putting together engaging entertainment, but they are responsible for managing the careers and egos of some of the most high pressure athletes in the world. Titan FC, and Aronson, thus far have done so with integrity, while keeping fighters' best interests at heart. Catch the latest installment of Titan FC on April 30th, where Steve Carl and Belal Muhammad will try to capture the inaugural welterweight title. Keep up with Titan FC action by following the promotion on Twitter and Facebook, and connect with Aronson on Twitter.
Make sure to follow Cage Pages on Twitter for more MMA news.
Want to write for Cage Pages? Please click on the link here for more info.
Philippines wants employers in Hong Kong to stop making domestic workers clean windows in high-rise buildings. Pic: AP.
THE PHILIPPINE government wants employers in Hong Kong to stop forcing Filipino domestic workers to clean windows, following several reports of maids plunging to their deaths from high-rise buildings this year.
According to the South China Morning Post, Vice-consul Alex Vallespin revealed plans by the Philippines to request the government of the semi-autonomous region to take washing windows off the duty list of the city's estimated 180,000 Filipino maids.
“It endangers the lives of the workers … we will request that it be excluded,” Vallespin was quoted saying.
Vallespin reportedly said this ahead of his expected to meet Friday between the Philippines' labor minister Silvestre Bello and his Hong Kong counterpart Matthew Cheung Kin-chung.
It is not immediately known what the agenda of the meeting is but according to Vallespin, his consulate holds regular talks with the Labour Department, and the request will be made.
Citing information from domestic workers' groups, SCMP said about four workers have died this year after tumbling off high-rises. Last month, a 35-year-old Filipina fell to her death in Tseung Kwan O while cleaning the windows of a flat, according to the English-language daily.
SEE ALSO: Philippines pledges to reform domestic worker regime
An AFP report earlier this month said that a protest was held in Hong Kong, known as the city of skyscrapers, by domestic workers calling for an end to their window-cleaning duties.
The protest reportedly saw the workers marching in central Hong Kong yelling, “We are workers, not slaves!”.
A spokeswoman from the Asian Migrants' Coordinating Body said in the report that workers find it difficult to say no when they are asked by their employers to do something.
SEE ALSO: Hong Kong and the abuse of maids
“But it's scary. It's about time for the government to protect the workers,” Dolores Balladares was quoted saying.
In SCMP's report Friday, another spokesman from the body, Eman Villanueva, said he personally experienced the dangers of window cleaning several years ago.
“I was working at a 2,000 sq ft flat and one side was facing the sea … I had half of my body hanging outside in order to clean the windows properly,” he was quoted saying.
Think your daily dose of public transit is commuter hell? Try taking a double-decker bus for a Sunday drive in the Australian Outback, Jack! You don't have to be Crocodile Dundee to know that's one trip that WILL end in tears and WON'T end back at your starting point. It's been tried, as this mellow, yellow, slowly rusting relic of 1950s Sydney now standing out back in the sands of the Outback so beautifully illustrates.
Bus Da Move… NOT
(images via: Vista4x4 and Ozrattler)
Permanently parked in Australia's inhospitable Strzelecki desert, just off the road near Cameron Corner stands one of the most incongruous objects you'll ever see: a cheery though weary yellow 1952 Leyland double-decker bus – or to be precise, the abandoned remnants thereof.
(images via: Wellyboots 2012)
Time hasn't been kind to this former commuter-carrier that, in a previous life decades ago, trundled through the peaceful, tree-lined streets of Sydney and Newcastle along with dozens of its ilk. Then again, time works in strange ways out in the outback, preserving some things well beyond what might be expected while accelerating disintegration in others.
(images via: Bus Australia and Michael McFadyen Scuba)
But back to the busted bus… how did a veddy-British “London Bus” end up all alone at the end of the Earth, antipodean-style? The answer lies entombed in Australia's history and that of Sydney in particular. According to the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, “about 2,000 mechanically powered double deck buses have operated in Australia since 1905.” The last one was withdrawn from service in May of 1986 as new, more-reliable, articulated “bendy” buses were introduced.
(image via: Garry)
New South Wales is world's apart from the blistering deserted desert of Australia's “Red Center” but if one wishes to get away from Sydney's rat race, the only choices are into the Outback or out to the ocean. Obviously, inland is the way to go but getting there is half the fun and by “half the fun” we mean “all the fun”: when the bus eventually, inevitably stops, so does the fun.
Outback Mistake House
(images via: ExplorOZ and DPReview)
You'd think there'd only be one dummy dumb enough to drive a double-decker bus into the hotter, dryer, ever more isolated Australian Outback but that would give down-under dummies too much credit. Indeed, there's an identical, yellow, abandoned double-decker bus moldering away behind the Betoota Hotel between Windorah and Birdsville.
(images via: Michael Hornbogen Photography)
Yet another abandoned double-decker bus stands within shouting distance of the main (OK, only) road from Karratha to Port Hedland near the northwest Australian coast. This ragged survivor of the transit wars now fights a losing battle between gritty desert winds and salty sea breezes yet still proudly bears patches of pale blue paint and the number 2159.
(image via: Ozzie's Darkroom)
One abandoned double-decker bus to an article, however, and we're focusing on the bare beauty beached in the shifting sands of Cameron Corner. The “corner” refers to the junction of the Australian states of Queensland, South Australia, and New South Wales. It's located about 1,400 km (870 mi) west of Brisbane and approximately the same distance west-northwest of Sydney. That a clapped-out double-decker bus whose best days were long past could have managed to travel that far over mainly miserable roads is a miracle in itself.
Gimme Bus Shelter
(images via: Through My Kitchen Window and Cafe Press)
Miracle or not, there it stands amidst a copse of struggling trees just off a much-beaten path (actually the Lyndon Station track). It's not certain which came first, the bus or the trees, but word has it the bus was used as a temporary out-camp for cattle workers who called it “Jack Camp”. Anything to get out of the blazing Outback sun, son!
(images via: Joshua Yeldham and Bobby Dazzler's Blog)
The bus is better known as the living space and home base of Australian artist Joshua Yeldham. Born in 1970, Yeldham set out one day in the early 1990s in his VW Combi van, searching for inspiration along the sprawling Dingo Fence. By chance, his van happened to break down near Cameron Corner and as a Kombi doesn't offer much living space, Yeldham co-opted the empty bus: he ended up staying there 6 years.
(image via: 4WD Action)
Alone with the ghosts of bus-riders past and emboldened by the spirit of Eliza Kennedy, whose grave lies nearby, Yeldham enjoyed one of his richest artistic periods. A book of his paintings entitled “Solitude's Bride,” possibly after Eliza, was published after Yeldham and his career moved on. The epitaph on Eliza's tombstone reads “Her charity covereth a multitude of sins,” which certainly says much in just a few words.
(images via: HeritageFutures)
The abandoned bus also attracts artists of a different sort: photographers. Australian native Dirk Spennemann is one of many who've been entranced by the Cameron Corner double-decker but one of only a few who've creatively captured its essence for the ages on film.
(images via: HeritageFutures)
Spennemann's strikingly ethereal images, several of which are showcased above, do justice while paying homage to the rare set of circumstances that have taken this bus where no bus has gone before.
The Outback Waits, Dreaming
(image via: Chris Berwick)
As for the Cameron Corner bus, its remains remain in situ long after the cattlemen and creative types have come and gone. Passersby do occasionally leaves their marks, however, though the practice is frowned upon. Take Ken Duncan, a defender of culture who “prepares to wage war on a growing threat to the pristine nature of our precious outback icons: idiots with spray cans.”
(images via: Adventure Rider, The Great Australian Ride and ExplorOZ)
“Talk about the last bus stop,” relates Duncan. “When I first saw it, there was no graffiti – but over the years dipsticks have felt the need to add their names. While standing there recently, ready to take a new photo of the bus, I was pondering the worst of the fresh graffiti, a scrawled name: “Wishbone”. I was thinking, “What would possess someone to do that?””
(image via: Spelio)
“And guess what? I got my answer. At that very moment, a guy pulled up in his Ute with the big aerials, driving lights, bull bar and fluffy dice on the rear-view mirror, and jumped out with his girlfriend. He headed over to the bus and said proudly, “Look, darling, there's my name. Wishbone. I did that – isn't it great?” His girlfriend just giggled nervously, not really knowing what to say. They were both right near me and I overheard this profound dialogue. I couldn't believe I had actually now met the owner of the graffiti.”
(images via: WorldNomads and KCpics73)
“Wishbone looked over at me, clearly so proud of his ability to spell his name, and announced once more, “That's me,” awaiting my approval. I like to be as friendly as I can, but I just looked at him and said: “If you did that, then you are a dipstick. Why did you do it?” The poor fellow just looked at me with a vacant stare – obviously not the sharpest tool in the shed.”
(image via: Let's Go Travel Australia)
Sixty years after it rolled off the factory production line, chrome gleaming and exuding the aroma of New Bus Smell, this solitary people-mover now silently observes the overhead transit of sun, moon and stars. As a man-made consumer product its life has been unusually long and curiously eventful but the spirits of the Outback simply smile and wait their due. Weathered by the elements and vandalized by the Wishbones of the world, the bus is doomed to deteriorate into rust and become part of the Outback's relentlessly scouring red sands. Sic transit gloria indeed.
Ahoy me hearties. Say ‘Aye', for Captain Pi, who has taken the helm of the good boat Ada, now skirmishing across the Atlantic ocean.
This swashbuckling adventure comes courtesy of the crew at UBC (University of British Columbia).
The students grew weary of winning the International Robotic Sailing Regatta (three years in a row) and decided their ship needed a bigger adventure.
The result is Ada (officially named “UBC SailBot ADA”). This fully-autonomous boat, controlled by Raspberry Pis, is sailing from America to Ireland.
Building a robotic boat
Joshua Baker, Control Team, explains how it all works on the UBC SailBot blog.
“There are two identical control boxes on either side of the boat below deck, one on the port side and one on the starboard side,” says Joshua. “Each control box contains a microcomputer (Raspberry Pi and a microcontroller (Arduino Mega), among other components. Above deck on the tripod, there is another Raspberry Pi, endearingly referred to as the “OA Pi” [Obstacle Avoidance]. This translates and sends data from our infrared cameras”
“The goal of the Raspberry Pi devices below deck is to take information from the OA hardware, weather data from the internet, and current GPS coordinates from the Arduino, and use all that information to produce a series of waypoints,” explains Joshua.
This data is then used to plot a course, and Arduino Megas are used to navigate from one waypoint to the next. In essence, the Raspberry Pi is the captain, the Arduino Mega is the crew.
The sailboat is aiming for West Ireland (the map's pointing to the shores of Brandon Bay). You can track Ada's progress on the UBC Website.
Ada's ETA for arrival is 13 days (13 September). Just in time for International Talk Like a Pirate Day. Yaaar
SOMEWHERE in our history is a stone-age Steve Jobs. His invention changed the world - and now scientists say he may not even be a proper modern human.
A recent analysis of the world's oldest known technology - stone-tipped throwing spears - shows they actually predate the earliest known humans by some 85,000 years.
The implications are mind-blowing, scientists say.
Was the creator of this deadly "iStone" an equivalent of the Apple genius who was several steps back on the evolutionary chain that led us down from the trees?
Or have modern humans - Homo sapiens - actually been around much longer than originally thought?
The study, published in online science journal PlosOne, examines a set of newly discovered spearheads from Ethiopia. They appear to date from 280,000 years ago.
The find in the district of Gademotta suggests the "stone-age Steve Jobs" - who would have been a lot more familiar with apples than, er, Apple - was a member of the pre-modern species Homo hiedelbergensis more commonly known as Heidelberg man (and Heidelberg Woman) who lived in Africa, Europe and western Asia about 600,000 years ago.
The stone tools suggest the species was much more crafty and clever than previously believed.
A postdoctoral researcher at the University of California at Berkeley's Human Evolution Research Center, Dr Yonatan Sahle, said he and his team determined that the spears were made from obsidian found near the site.
The volcanic glass is difficult to craft.
They had to shape the spear point and form a recess for a shaft. These then had to be carefully strung and glued to the timber shafts.
And these spears were designed to be thrown, not thrust.
Even today, both building and using such spears involves skills requiring a good degree of knowledge, experience and concentration.
The find suggests that human intelligence predates our modern body shape.
Heidelberg man did look very human, though he was particularly tall and muscular.
"Technological advances were not necessarily associated with anatomical changes," Sahle said. "The advances might have started earlier."
The first key may have been the availability of good quality materials in the region, he said.
"Second, a bigger population was supported at the site. With more individuals around, there would have been a greater chance for the spread of innovative ideas. If there was indeed a Steve Jobs-type in the mix, he would have been able to influence more individuals and perhaps even created a prehistoric spear-making assembly line of sorts.
"Thirdly, there was a mega lake at the site. It might have attracted stable occupations there, further fuelling technological advances."
Trigger warning: This article contains information about violence which may be triggering to survivors.
Following Justice William Horkins' not guilty verdict in the Jian Ghomeshi trial on Thursday, social media sites lit up with the hashtag #IBelieveSurvivors.
Lead by politicians, feminists, advocacy groups and women across the country, the hashtag brings up the issues around victim shaming and women reporting sexual assault allegations to police. But more importantly, as many point out, it's the ongoing conversation about believing women.
Canada's New Democratic Party leader Tom Mulclair wrote a post on Medium on Thursday. He stated that not only is sexual assault a crime, but it's a crime that is "seldom reported and that leads even less frequently to a conviction."
"This must change and we can all be part of changing this unacceptable reality," he wrote. "I believe we need to strengthen protections for survivors of sexual assault. I believe that access to comprehensive support services for survivors should be a right. And most importantly, I believe survivors."
Other politicians also sent their support to survivors.
Verdict aside the #Ghomeshi trial has confirmed for me that Canada's criminal + legal system is bias against sexual assault survivors. — Kristyn Wong-Tam (@kristynwongtam) March 24, 2016
Hashtags like #WeBelieveSurvivors and #BeenRapedNeverReported have also come up.
Journalist and co-creator of #BeenRapedNeverReported Antonia Zerbisias tweeted we need conversation now more than ever.
We need this conversation more than ever. IMO, this case sets back 20 years of struggle. #Ghomeshi #vaw #beenrapedneverreported — Antonia Zerbisias (@AntoniaZ) March 24, 2016
More importantly, as actress Margaret Cho notes, this verdict means we need to continue fighting for all survivors.
Don't let the #Ghomeshi ruling keep you from naming your abuser. We need to keep fighting for all survivors. #IBelieveSurvivors — Margaret Cho (@margaretcho) March 24, 2016
Advocacy groups have also brought attention to the fact that a ruling like this one may prevent women who have been sexually assaulted to report the crime to police.
trauma affects memory trauma affects memory trauma affects memory trauma #Ghomeshi #WeBelieveSurvivors — Farrah Khan (@farrah_khan) March 24, 2016
1 in 3 Canadian women will experience violence in their lifetime #IBelieveSurvivors pic.twitter.com/DXevG5O7vj — YWCA Toronto (@YWCAToronto) March 24, 2016
If the threshold for conviction was not met here, nobody has a hope in hell of getting their abuser convicted. #IBelieveSurvivors — Julie S. Lalonde (@JulieSLalonde) March 24, 2016
The other focus on social media sites was around how the Canadian legal system in general doesn't protect women.
The #Ghomeshi trial is the reason victims of abuse often seek extra-legal forms of justice and I see why they'd need that #IBelieveSurvivors — Aadita Chaudhury (@ThylacineReport) March 24, 2016
The police asked #Ghomeshi victims to come forward. These women did. No matter what, they are warriors. #IBelieveSurvivors — Lauren SheDevil (@DameSavage77) March 24, 2016
When a verdict will be based on how credible a judge thinks witnesses are instead of whether or not he did it. #ghomeshi #IBelieveSurvivors — Meaghan Derynck (@MeaghanDerynck) March 24, 2016
Some women even shared their own personal experiences with sexual assault.
Judge basically saying I wsn't assaulted b/c I dn't remember details & b/c I stayed w/ him after. #IBelieveSurvivors #beenrapedneverreported — Melanie Roscoe (@Melamalie) March 24, 2016
Mom always told me to write everything down if something happened to me. I thought she was being ridiculous. She wasn't. #IBelieveSurvivors — Jessica McCormick (@jessmccormick) March 24, 2016
Outside Toronto's Old City Hall, protesters held up posters with phrases like, "rape is rape," "stop victim blaming" and "support the survivors."
This woman stands silent in front of courthouse. Behind her a chorus of "we believe survivors." #Ghomeshi pic.twitter.com/5n1BhGwX0c — Manisha Krishnan (@ManishaKrishnan) March 24, 2016
Protesters here to greet #Ghomeshi ahead of this morning's verdict pic.twitter.com/xYw3luBeAI — Hilary Beaumont (@HilaryBeaumont) March 24, 2016
Chanting "We Believe Survivors." Going to periscope in a min so you can hear #Ghomeshi pic.twitter.com/2g8gndD3ir — Sarah Boesveld (@sarahboesveld) March 24, 2016
In 2014, after women first spoke up about their sexual assault allegations by Ghomeshi, the hashtags #IBelieveLucy and #IBelieveThem also put the focus on survivors. Actress Lucy DeCoutere, the only witness to waive her right to a publication ban of her name, first told her side of the story to The Toronto Star.
In Canada, there are 460,000 sexual assaults every year, according to women's service organization YWCA Canada, and only 33 out of every 100 sexual assaults are reported to the police. Twenty nine incidents are recorded as a crime, three lead to convictions and annually, 997 assailants out of 1,000 walk free.
The former CBC host faced five charges: four counts of sexual assault and one count of overcoming resistance by choking. He pleaded not guilty to all five charges against him in 2015.
Ghomeshi faces another sexual assault charge and a separate trial will hear that case in June.
With files from Zi-Ann Lum and Bria John
Also on HuffPost
Welcome, and thanks for the interest in Eye of the Temple!
Eye of the Temple is a VR game for HTC Vive. Click here to learn more about the game:
If you have a Vive and want to provide feedback on early builds of Eye of the Temple, this is the right place!
Current status: We're not looking for more early testers at the moment.
You'll need a special download link to play the game. Here's how to get that.
Please start out by replying here to say hi and maybe write a few words about yourself if you like (you don't have to).
Note: Unfortunately itch.io doesn't have private message support, so in your reply please include your reddit handle, twitter handle (if you allow Twitter private messages) or your email address, so I can send a download key to you privately.
When I need to expand the amount of early testers for the game, I'll be taking people in from this thread a few at a time.
Conditions:
You have a Vive (or have access to a Vive) so that you can test the game.
You're committed to do your best providing feedback on new builds.
This should go without saying, but: You do not share or redistribute the builds.
You're most welcome to talk about the game to help spread awareness of it if you want!
Once you get a download key, that will give access to the newest builds at any time. When you have tried out a build, use the corresponding thread to provide feedback - see the list of forums threads.
Let's try together to make this a good and positive place for discussions. :)
Sony Pulls the Plug on 'The Interview'
Sony Pulls the Plug on 'The Interview'
Breaking News
has pulled the plug on the XMAS release of "," after a number of theater chains bailed.
TMZ broke the story Thursday morning ... Sony execs felt their out was if distributors yanked the film because of safety concerns. That would give Sony an out without directly bending to the hackers.
Sony just released a statement, saying, "In light of the decision by the majority of our exhibitors not to show the film The Interview, we have decided not to move forward with the planned December 25 theatrical release."
The statement goes on, saying, "We are deeply saddened at this brazen effort to suppress the distribution of a movie, and in the process do damage to our company, our employees, and the American public."
The execs are underscoring the distinction between pulling the film because of the distributors rather than out of fear, saying, "We stand by our filmmakers and their right to free expression and are extremely disappointed by this outcome."
Hillary Clinton launched a bitter diatribe against the National Rifle Association (NRA) in her appearance on “Late Night with Seth Meyers” on NBC.
“It is not a totally foreign, alien concept that people have guns” for self-defense and hunting, Clinton told Meyers.
“The NRA of thirty years ago is not the NRA of today,” Clinton said. “Today they want people to think the black helicopter is landing in your yard” to “take them away.”
Meyers mostly avoided any loaded questions for Clinton, instead asking her to play celebrity trivia and to find use for Bill in the new White House (“He loves giving tours,” Clinton said).
Clinton's campaign is consolidating its lead in the Democratic primary, allowing Clinton to breathe easier with a campaign schedule similar to the one designed for Richard Nixon in 1968. Instead of wearing himself out like he did riding the trains in his 1960 defeat, Nixon allowed his advisers to use him as infrequently as possible, making him appear tanned, rested, and ready.
Score one for the good guys. Sheriff Joe has had the smackdown put on him in a 142-page ruling over his penchant for persecuting Hispanics and other brown people. AZCentral:
U.S. District Judge Murray Snow issued the ruling Friday, more than eight months after a seven-day trial on the subject concluded. The trial examined longstanding allegations that Sheriff Joe Arpaio's emphasis on immigration enforcement led deputies to target Latino drivers based on their race, and that by doing so, they violated the constitutional rights of Maricopa County residents and the sheriff's own policies requiring constitutional policing.
Snow's ruling will likely be appealed, as both sides promised throughout the trial to challenge whatever decision Snow rendered. However, Arpaio's attorney said he was still reviewing the ruling Friday afternoon.
Dan Pochoda of the Arizona chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union called the ruling “a real vindication for the community. It was a terrific win — it was a very solid, comprehensive piece of work, and clearly demonstrated the unconstitutionality from top to bottom at MCSO for many years.”
The class of Hispanic citizens that brought the racial-profiling lawsuit against the Sheriff's Office never sought monetary damages. Instead, the group asked for the court to issue injunctions barring Arpaio's office from discriminatory policing.
Snow obliged — and indicated more remedies could be ordered in the future.
“Therefore, in the absence of further facts that would give rise to reasonable suspicion or probable cause that a violation of either federal criminal law or applicable state law is occurring, the MCSO is enjoined from (1) enforcing its LEAR policy (on checking the immigration status of people detained without state charges), (2) using Hispanic ancestry or race as any factor in making law enforcement decisions pertaining to whether a person is authorized to be in the country, and (3) unconstitutionally lengthening stops,” Snow wrote in his 142-page ruling.
One of the most popular ideas to emerge in the software industry in recent years is the concept of a “Minimum Viable Product (MVP).” By focusing on building an MVP you reduce the chances that you'll build a product customers don't want. You can think of it as the basis of a broader methodology that leverages customer and user research throughout the development process.
At face value MVP is a great idea because the concept addresses a major anti-pattern in product development: building too many features and the wrong features as a result of spending too much time in development without shipping or getting real feedback from customers and users.
Focusing on “minimum” is generally simple. It helps to correct against the tendency to build features because they are “cool” even if it's unclear whether or not people want them.
Adding the idea of “viable” counterbalances the effort to be minimal by focusing attention on the fact that below a certain threshold the product becomes unusable and/or unpurchasable. Figuring out what a customer considers viable can be tricky. But, theoretically iteration, research and dialog will get you there.
Using a merely viable product is like visiting someone in an intensive care unit. They're alive, but not fun to spend time with.
For certain categories this is straightforward. For example, an enterprise business system will usually win on underlying technological innovation, features, and sales/marketing. If you can get just enough features to start selling, then you have something viable. You're off and running.
But for many circumstances, achieving a MVP simply isn't enough to succeed.
For consumer products, SMB apps, software tools, hardware, retail, and other categories “viable” isn't compelling. Using a merely viable product is like visiting someone in an intensive care unit. They're alive, but not fun to spend time with. As a result, I see more and more companies who focus on MVP produce products that fail to achieve their goals.
The alternative is to focus on creating a Minimum Delightful Product (MDP).
The idea of minimum is just like it is in MVP: build only what you need. The interesting part is making the product delightful instead of merely viable. Delightful products users fall in love with. They immediately become part of a user's life or work. When a product is delightful it just makes sense. It works the way you'd expect and the experience is highly satisfying. Delightful products are adopted faster, get better word of mouth, and create higher satisfaction.
But it begs the question, what makes a product delightful? This is a question that I'm sure has been pondered by many others wiser than me, but I believe delight is the result of three elements coming together:
Product gestalt Design Quality
Product Gestalt
Most products achieve delightfulness first and for most through their core “product gestalt” — for lack of a better phrase. (I think Alan Cooper may have coined this in The Inmates are Running the Asylum, but I couldn't find the exact reference.)
The product gestalt defines the soul of the user experience. It's the combination of UX and functionality that makes the product fundamentally wonderful. Usually the gestalt is the part of a product that remains relatively constant over time:
The simple search box and results page on Google
The friends list and news feed on Facebook
The way that Adobe Dreamweaver could round trip between HTML and WYSIWYG
The SAP API model
The basic architecture of apps and a multi-touch UI on the iPhone and iPad
You can't achieve a great gestalt by simply accumulating the right features. It comes from the right elements working together so users stop thinking about the technology and simple achieve their goals.
When the gestalt is great the product feels inherently complete and right even it doesn't have all the functionality you may want as a user. One of the temptations with the MVP approach is to build a bridge that only goes halfway across a ravine and then to ship it so you can get iterative feedback. The feedback amounts to “this bridge sucks” even if a bridge across a ravine is a brilliant idea. Without the end-to-end experience, the product simply feels broken or nonsensical to the user or, in the case of the bridge, very dangerous.
By completeness, I don't mean all the features you can imagine. Minimum is still critical. I think of completeness in the terms that Ken Schwaber, who invented Scrum, used when he talked about shooting a tracer bullet through a product in Agile Project Management with Scrum.
A tracer bullet gives you the smallest amount of functionality you can from end-to-end so the whole product works. Instead of shipping Facebook with the news feed but no friends. You do friend and the news feed, so you get the whole experience, but you leave out all kinds of features that might make both of these core components better.
Design
Gestalt is by far the most important component of delightfulness. The next component is graphical design. I believe deeply in the value of design, but I think it's secondary to gestalt. Graphical design doesn't mean lots of flourishes. It came be very simple such as the layout of the Google search box and SERP or something as rich as OS X. As humans we have always found happiness and joy from beauty. Products that are beautiful are delightful.
Quality
Finally, the last element of delight is quality. A brilliant gestalt and beautiful design lose their value when the quality sucks. Unfortunately, all too often MVP becomes VCP (very crappy product). Ironically this comes from losing sight of a very core agile concept: when something is done it's done. Put differently, if a feature is built it should work without problems. The feature may not include all the functionality you can imagine, but what it does include has to work well.
Arguably the very core of the iPhone gestalt is the multi-touch screen. When it was first built, the original plastic screen achieved the gestalt and design, so the iPhone went in production. But then at the last minute, after carrying the phone around for few weeks, Jobs decided that the plastic screen was not high-enough quality; it scratched too easily. With only 6 weeks left to actually ship the first phones, he demanded the team change to glass, and through a herculean effort they made the switch and shipped on time.
The iPhone is one of the single most successful consumer technology products. Imagine if the Apple team built the iPhone using a highly iterative process based on MVP. Surely they would have shipped the plastic screen. What other things would have they have skipped? Forget the app model and just put on fixed functionality? Get multi-touch mostly working but also throw on a fold out keyboard just in case? How many crappy versions would we have had to suffer through to get to the amazing product that was the 1.0? (Perhaps looking at the history of other handset makers will give you a sense.)
No doubt Apple did a lot of testing and prototyping, but at the same time they set themselves a very high bar for what they actually shipped. They didn't ship until they got the gestalt right (multi-touch screen and app framework), the design was beautiful, and the quality was there.
Yet with all that, the 1.0 left many things out. Batter life was poor, the screen resolution could have been better, the camera functionality was minimal, the traditional smart phone apps (contacts, mail, phone, calendar) were no better, some would argue they were worse, than the market leader at the time – the Blackberry. Also, there was no real marketplace of apps, no front facing camera, etc. Did all these gaps make in “minimum”? I would say yes. But minimum didn't sacrifice delight.
Conclusion
In software one has more latitude than hardware. You can more easily iterate and change. So software people may dismiss the iPhone example. But many software products as well as other products such as retail stores and consumer services would be well served by focusing on MDP not MVP.
Before you get too excited about hacking stuff out and getting live fast, take a step back and show some respect for your users. Work through the problems associated with creating a delightful product at the same time you keep the functionality to a minimum and come to market as fast as you can within the constraints you face.
Finally, keep in mind that while iteration and feedback are invaluable, creating great products doesn't simply happen by absorbing customer feedback and A/B test results. It also comes from insight and craftsmanship.
Not every engineer designs great products, just like not every painter paints wonderful pictures. No amount of iterative testing will replace the genius of inventing and designing brilliant products that are delightful to use. So don't be afraid to honor the craftsmanship that you and your team put into your product and the desire to give users something wonderful or, even better, magical.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
It's been a tough week for Arianna Huffington. After AOL's stock tanked following a spotty earnings report, a pair of her most celebrated journalists--one of them a high profile poach from The New York Times--abruptly left the Huffington Post. There's a growing list of top editors who've quietly fled the Huffington Post since the AOL takeover. No one expects any employer to issue a press release when an employee quits, but there was quite a bit of fanfare, often from Huffington herself, when they were brought on. Particularly when Huffington was defending her site from those who think its aggregating ways cross the lines of journalism ethics in her spat with Times editor Bill Keller, who later complained about her habit of luring his journalists away with big checks. But with this week's evidence that she can't keep them there, people are starting to think that Huffington tactic isn't working.
Earlier this week it was reported that Maura Egan, the former deputy travel editor of The New York Times's style magazine T, abruptly left her job at as the Huffington Post deputy culture and entertainment editor after only five months. The Huffington Post offered a one line statement on her departure: "Maura decided to pursue other career opportunities." But when Egan was hired, they heralded her arrival in a press release.
Maryland playmaker and Japan native Tsubasa Endoh was selected No. 9 overall by Toronto FC at the 2016 MLS SuperDraft after earning MVP honors at the adidas MLS Player Combine.
Endoh's mother was in the crowd at the Baltimore Convention Center as he was selected, and he made sure to thank her for making the long trek. That's because home for Endoh is thousands of miles away.
He shared his story with MLSsoccer.com at the Combine.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. – Tsubasa Endoh, the MVP of the 2016 adidas MLS Player Combine, has long been accustomed to living far away from home.
Endoh left his family at age 12 to move to Fukushima, Japan where he formed part of the first class of players at the Japanese Football Association (JFA) Academy, an elite residential program founded to better develop some of the top youth soccer players in the country.
On one Friday in March 2011, five years after Endoh moved to the academy in Fukushima, the midfielder remembers training with his teammates as his thoughts drifted toward the following week, when he and the rest of the squad would have to go through an exhausting fitness exam – the hardest part of their week.
Then, a little before 3 p.m., the ground started to move.
Endoh and his teammates raced toward the center circle, where they huddled together. Earthquakes are relatively common in Japan, and all the kids at the JFA Academy knew what to do when one hit. They got to the middle of the field and sat down, as far away from the huge light stanchions as possible.
The lights fell. Walls crumbled. After a few minutes, the earth finally stopped shaking.
Everyone on the team knew this was a big quake, bigger than any they'd ever experienced, but they didn't yet know just how serious it was. So, as they got on their bus to head to the gym where they'd end up spending the night, talk turned to their upcoming fitness test.
“It was pretty scary, but I still remember after it happened we left the field and we got in the bus, and I don't know, we were kind of excited,” he said. “We were going to be taking the physical test in a couple days, and we were talking about it like, ‘Are we going to do the physicals next week?' And it turned out to be such a big, sad thing, but in the moment we didn't know how serious it was. We thought it was funny, we thought we were getting out of our tests.”
The earthquake and the tsunami that followed devastated Japan. According to a March 2015 report from the Japanese National Police Agency, over 15,000 people died in the disaster and over 2,500 more are missing. Nearly a quarter million people were displaced from their homes.
Endoh and his teammates would have to leave Fukushima, too. The JFA facility wasn't far from the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant, which had three meltdowns due to damage caused by the tsunami. The area was evacuated because of concerns about radiation, with the JFA temporarily closing the Fukushima facility where Endoh lived and trained.
“The nuclear stuff, the radiation, it's invisible,” he said. “It was all kind of coming in, so we had to move down south.”
A little over a year later, Endoh moved to the other side of the world.
Coming To America
Before the earthquake and tsunami struck Japan, Endoh had already mapped out his future.
The JFA Academy requires all of their players to travel abroad during their time in the program, and Endoh chose to head to the US in the summer of 2010. He played at camps at Wake Forest and Maryland, and liked the setup in College Park.
Maryland head coach Sasho Cirovski liked Endoh, too, and he wanted to bring the 5-foot-7 creative midfielder to his team. He let Endoh know as much after the camp ended, but told him that if he wanted to play college soccer in the US, he'd have to improve his English.
Endoh got to work on learning the language, and, a couple of months later, Cirovski offered him a scholarship. He immediately accepted.
The earthquake and tsunami hit the next year, then passed. The destruction was immense, but life went on for Endoh. He was still committed to Maryland, and after graduating from the JFA program, he arrived on campus ahead of the 2012 season. But outside of the Terps coaching staff, he didn't know a single person. His English wasn't good, his knowledge of American culture almost non-existent.
Things weren't so simple at the start. Endoh had worked on his English before heading to Maryland, but it wasn't where it needed to be when he first arrived. He enrolled at the university's Maryland English Institute as a freshman, and picked up the language quickly – he'll graduate with a degree in sociology in the spring.
“It was kind of bad at first because I couldn't make any friends and I had to adapt to a new environment, a new language, new food, different culture,” he said. “It was tough, it was really tough. I think it was one of the most challenging moments for me in my life, but as I overcame that, I think I got tougher as a person. I think I dealt with it well.”
The soccer came much easier. Endoh immediately fit in on the field, appearing in 20 games his freshman year. He became a full-time starter as a sophomore, starring in his team's run to the 2013 College Cup final. And he finished his senior season in 2015 third on the Terps with five goals and second on the team with six assists.
He was solid at the recent Combine, and has been projected as a potential second round selection in Thursday's draft. The 5-foot-7, 140-pound midfielder isn't big, but he impressed scouts with his playmaking ability in South Florida.
Now, five years after the earthquake hit and four years after he left everything behind to move across the world, Endoh would like nothing more than to run a few more fitness tests – this time as a pro.
“I didn't expect myself to be at this level right now,” he said. “When I first came over to the USA, I had no idea where Maryland even was. I didn't even know they were a Division I school when I first went to that camp.
“But now I'm here, I have a great chance to be a pro and I think I've experienced things that people don't really get to experience. I think I should be proud of myself for adapting to a new environment, new culture, new food, new people, new language. It's not done yet, but it's been a good moment, a fun moment. A period I'll remember for my whole life.”
Willie Brown Middle School was touted as a beacon of progress in San Francisco's public school system.
Until it opened.
For the first time in a decade, the San Francisco Unified School District was unveiling a brand-new school. The building would be beautiful and energy efficient, with tall windows and a bust of the former mayor himself. The teachers and principal would be fresh and diverse, many from outside The City. The children would focus on science, technology, engineering and math.
But that starry-eyed image began to crumble from the first day of school in August 2015, when one sixth-grade student went home on her birthday pondering whether middle school was supposed to be this chaotic.
“The first day of school there were, like, multiple incidents of physical violence,” said Kandace Landake, whose daughter Tyra was assaulted there on numerous occasions throughout the school year. “The first month was just incident after incident.”
Willie Brown failed in its first school year because the founding staff favored installing new technology over enforcement, according to parents and staff. The result was fighting, cursing and horseplay from students who — at about 11 years old — are inclined to act up without direction. Mixed with the early staff's unfamiliarity with the Bayview community, and the unique trauma some students experience in the area, the disorder proved too much for some.
Within two months, founding principal Demetrius Hobson resigned citing personal reasons and a dozen staff members quit over the year, including seven by last October. The first year of school, which ended in late May, would prove to be a disappointment.
That's why current principal Bill Kappenhagen is looking toward a fresh start next school year. The school will roll out its first seventh-grade class, equipped with new teachers, and introduce a new crop of sixth graders to the mix.
“Things get better every single day that I've been here,” Kappenhagen said June 18, standing with a quiche in his hand in the back area of what he called the school's “cafetorium” — a combination cafeteria-auditorium. “But by no stretch of anyone's imagination are we the school that we aspire to be.”
Inside the cafetorium, Kappenhagen and his students were displaying their achievements over the first weeks of summer during an extended-learning program at Willie Brown. That included African drumming, cooking and claymation videos.
Now seventh graders, the pioneering students made it through a tumultuous introduction to middle school. At least one parent is not prepared to send her daughter through another.
Landake, who sent her daughter to Willie Brown under the promise that she would later be accepted to almost any public high school in San Francisco, is now considering sending Tyra across The City after the repeated assaults against her.
Landake said her past experience with Herbert Hoover Middle School, which her son attended, and Willie Brown has shown the schools are run like they're in two different school districts.
“They're running a madhouse over here,” she said.
Landake said many parents are not involved and will not attend meetings when their children get into trouble. The staff who handle such issues are for the most part young and diverse, but “some people are not ready for that community,” she said. “This is the Bayview.”
Willie Brown served just 200 sixth graders in its first school year, with a staff of several dozen. Dan Harrington, who heads the school's Parent Teacher Student Association, said there were a variety of issues that led to the high staff turnover.
“Some pointed to family issues. Some pointed to the high cost of living in or around San Francisco. And others just seemed simply frustrated and needed to go,” he said.
Eleven of the dozen staffers who left were not from San Francisco, according Kappenhagen. One worked in The City for a year prior.
“I know that we as a school may have underdelivered on many of the promises that were made,” Kappenhagen said. “I think with the installation of me as the principal and going forward with next year's new hires, and the teaching staff that I've had an opportunity to recruit to this school, it's going to be a new year.”
A longtime principal with connections to the community and the founder of a charter school in Washington, D.C., Kappenhagen took command of the reeling campus last October. In the last several months he has run a campaign against cursing and horseplay, which once plagued the campus, and restructured the school schedule to make it more palatable for young students.
“We were so gung-ho on so many levels, but the facility wasn't ready, the previous principal wasn't ready, he had not prepared the faculty for the work that really needed to be done,” Kappenhagen said.
The previous administration put student expectations and behavior management on the backburner, instead focusing on technology and innovation, Kappenhagen said. All students at Willie Brown were issued a Google Chromebook or have access to one.
“My purview is that we have to do good school well before we can add on technology and innovation and all that other stuff,” he said. “Kids thrive in an environment where there's clear, consistent and predictable expectations.”
Standing before the entire school early this year, Kappenhagen made one of those behavioral expectations clear. He issued a directive to his students and staff: No more swearing. Since then he's seen a difference.
But for Harrington, the PTSA president, some of the changes may be a situation of too little too late.
“The horse is already out of the stable in some of the behaviors and expectations and standards,” he said. “They probably addressed them too late in the year.”
As for Landake, she's giving the school the first three months of next year to sort out its problems.
“If this year starts off the way last year did I'm just going to pull [my daughter] out,” Landake said. “I don't see them aggressively trying to stop what's going on.”
Not all of the issues at Willie Brown are behavioral.
Nate Kinsey, conservation manager for the school district, said at a San Francisco Planning and Urban Research Association meeting Tuesday that Willie Brown was supposed to be the district's “shining star, green, awesome school.”
“And then it kind of disappointed us,” Kinsey said.
Willie Brown faired well against other SFUSD schools in terms of using natural gas, but was “still not very efficient on the electricity side,” he said.
“It's the most electricity intensive school in the school district and it's brand new,” Kinsey said.
Click here or scroll down to comment
Sometimes the absence of a story is the story—the rat that didn't squeak.
The atrocious murder of a nineteen-year old white girl, Jessica Chambers, in Panola County, Mississippi is one of those cases that should be a huge story but has largely been ignored by the national Main Stream Media.
Shortly after 8 p.m. on December 6th, Jessica Chambers was splashed with accelerant and burned alive as she sat in her car in Courtland. Still on fire, she made it out of her vehicle and collapsed. 98% of her body was burned—as her father said, everything but the soles of her feet.
When Courtland Fire Chief Cole Haley arrived, she reportedly told him a name—reportedly “Eric” or “Derrick,” before she died a few hours later. [Man questioned in the death Jessica Chambers [sic] says he did not know her, by Janice Broach, WMC 5, December 13, 2014]
Recently, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) announced that it was offering $10,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Chambers' killer or killers. Between the ATF, FBI, U.S. Marshals Service, the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation and the Panola County Sheriff's Office, the total reward money being offered is now up to $53,000. [ATF adds $10,000 to reward for information in Jessica Chambers investigation by Ashley Crockett, WREG, January 22, 2015.]
When someone commits a murder, the saying goes that the case will either be solved during the first 48 hours or years down the road, if ever. And though the reward shows the authorities want to solve the case, the trail is cold.
Speculation is especially rife because of the racial undertones in the murder of a young white woman who was romantically involved with black males. The authorities' December 11 press conference featured some odd comments by Sheriff Dennis Darby said on interracial cooperation (6:35):
“I'd also like to thank the general public in every area, every race that we have here… The black ones and the whites have worked together… “And I want to say thank you to all of you [blacks] here…. “And if they [blacks] find out, regardless of who they are, they're going to let us know….”
But it seems there has not been much of an actual response from the black community, except accusations on social networking that Jessica's father, Ben Chambers Sr., killed her.
It's fashionable to complain about the attention that victimized white girls receive from the Main Stream Media.
But in my experience, the deciding factor is who the MSM believe is the perpetrator. If the MSM believes it's a white male, they're all over the story. If they suspect that the “wrong kind” of perp committed the deed, they'll observe radio silence.
Based on the MSM's behavior, I have to conclude that most reporters believe that Jessica Chambers' killer was black. But that doesn't guarantee that they're right.
As there is little information, there is having been a speculation war. The main players have been the bloggers Sundance at The Last Refuge/Conservative Treehouse; Charles Johnson and Chris Cardillo at Got News; local blacks on social media, and the “hacktivist” group, “Anonymous.” As of Saturday night at 7:40 p.m., the Facebook group, Justice for Jessica, had 151,167 likes.
The Last Refuge/Conservative Treehouse, run by “Sundance,” made a name for itself during the Trayvon Martin and Mike Brown scandals.
Sundance and his collaborators believe that Panola County was in the grip of black organized crime. More importantly, they came up with a post on Facebook from about 24 hours before Chambers' murder, by a “Teapooh Itiswatitis,” via a "Derrick Jaxn" (December 5, 2014 8:50 P.M.).
“Somebody needs to rape all they kid in front of them then set them on fire there learn then white bitches need to be dead”
Sundance identified “Teapooh Itiswatitis” as Teanna Rudd Jessica Lane Chambers – Crime Scene Prior to FBI Arrival , The Last Refuge, December 17, 2014].
The comment was sparked by Rudd reading a satire of white racism wherein a police officer shot a one year-old black baby. Apparently taking it literally,
"Teapooh" typed the comment, "Somebody need to rape all his kids in front of him then sit(sic) the house on fire an watch them burn....i bet he was a white man SAD". She shared it via the Facebook timeline of a woman named Sandy Rudd… Sandy Rudd is the aunt of Bryan Rudd, Jessica's abusive, criminal ex-boyfriend and local gang member. Sandy … is herself alleged to be a member of at least one notorious criminal gang… Sandy Rudd acknowledges that she is the one at the gas station who asked Jessica Chambers for a cigarette [shortly before Chambers' murder], when Jessica is seen on the store surveillance video…. "Teapooh" is, according to the "hacktivists" who have accessed various social media accounts of the people involved, actually Teanna Rudd, the wife or live-in girlfriend of a man named Brejuan Buyers. Brejuan Buyers is the man seen on the gas station's surveillance video with the gas can in the hours just prior to Jessica being burned over 98% of her body. He rode with Sandy Rudd in her car to the gas station… [JESSICA CHAMBERS: Teen Murdered Immediately After Local Blacks Called For Rape & Burning Of White Women by Donald Joy, ClashDaily, December 21, 2014 (Hat tip, Doug Giles on TownHall.com.)]
Thus, the threat came from a black woman who lived nearby, who knew Jessica Chambers, and whose boyfriend or husband crossed paths with Chambers at the gas station when she was last seen alive.
However, Bryan Rudd denies ever being a gang-banger, and says he moved to Iowa in May, 2013.
Jessica Chambers herself had a troubled home life. She was involved in drugs, and spent time in a drug rehab program, Leah's House, sometime not long before her murder. [Was Jessica Chambers on the Way To Women's Shelter On Night of Murder? Leah's House Possible Destination, Inquisitr, December 23, 2014]
As mentioned before, the theory among many blacks on social media is that Ben Chambers had murdered his own daughter. GotNews, the site run by Johnson and Cardillo seems to support this claim, suggesting that Jessica Chambers died because of her father's involvement meth dealing white gangs.
An ATF agent and several Mississippi law enforcement sources point to white meth-dealing gangs as the culprit behind Jessica Chambers grisly murder. [BREAKING: ATF Agent, MS Cops Point To White Gangs, Not Black, In #JessicaChambers Murder by Charles C. Johnson and Chris Cardillo, Got News, January 2, 2015.]
GotNews also tracked down Bryan Rudd, Jessica's black ex-boyfriend, in Idaho, and conducted a 28-minute interview with him.
Among Rudd's statements:
Jessica Chambers told him she'd been “gang-raped” twice by the same black gang, whose members are currently in prison for a different murder;
Jessica Chambers' father, Ben Chambers Sr., is a “racist,” because he didn't want his daughter dating blacks; and
Ben Chambers Sr. committed at least two homicides and was involved in dealing, murdered his own brother and an ex-boyfriend of Jessica's, as well as killing a man who had pulled a knife on him in self-defense; and was rumored to have murdered a local meth dealer, Taiwan Shavoco Obey Sr., with the street name, “Chicken.”
However, Rudd refused to point to Ben Chambers Sr. as the killer, saying, “I wouldn't begin to tell you who did it.” [ BREAKING AUDIO: Ex-Boyfriend Says #JessicaChambers Had Abusive, Criminal, Racist Home Life by Charles C. Johnson, Got News, January 3, 2015. Note: the audio now seems to have been taken down].
The Last Refuge has pushed back against this reporting, charging that Johnson and Cardillo are extrapolating from a 2012 case they found of a white couple attacking a woman two hours away, in Lee County, MS. [Catching Up…, January 4, 2015].
In my own investigations, I found nothing about white supremacist crime gangs in Mississippi.
As far as the Chambers case specifically, Sheriff Dennis Darby's staff told me that DA John Champion is dealing with the media, but the latter did not return the message I left on his answering machine.
ATF Public Information Officer Kevin Moran assured me he'd get back to me when and if he had anything, but there was no news on his end. He noted that social media can sometimes be helpful, but creates a great deal of extra work for law enforcement as they must sift through fantastic claims. He assured me that the case was very much alive.
At The Panolian newspaper, where headlines about the case refer simply to “Jessica,” Publisher John H. Howell Sr., said in an interview of the case, “Cold is the word.”
Howell dismissed the notion that white supremacists burned Jessica Chambers alive for interracial dating. Howell opined that such tactics are a “kind of general skinhead thing. But not locally.”
“There's been a lot of people pointing fingers at the dad, but there's been nothing credible enough to publish.”
We both agreed that Jessica Chambers had an awful, short life.
Jessica Chambers would have turned 20 on February 2. The national MSM will continue to ignore the case. And by all accounts, the killers may have already gotten away with it.
Nicholas Stix [email him] is a New York City-based journalist and researcher, much of whose work focuses on the nexus of race, crime, and education. He spent much of the 1990s teaching college in New York and New Jersey. His work has appeared in Chronicles, The New York Post, Weekly Standard, Daily News, New York Newsday, American Renaissance, Academic Questions, Ideas on Liberty and many other publications. Stix was the project director and principal author of the NPI report, The State of White America-2007. He blogs at Nicholas Stix, Uncensored.
"Donald, you're a sniveling coward," Ted Cruz said in March. | Getty 9 times Ted Cruz insulted Donald Trump before endorsing him
Two months after he was booed off the stage at the Republican National Convention for snubbing his party's presidential nominee, Sen. Ted Cruz endorsed Donald Trump on Friday.
That declaration to vote for him, though, comes after the Texas senator openly disparaged his primary opponent repeatedly — in part responding to Trump's attacks on his wife and father.
Story Continued Below
1. Early on, Cruz speculated that Trump's tax returns could show a mob connection
In February, Cruz offered his take on why Trump hadn't released his tax returns in an interview on NBC's “Meet the Press,” suggesting that they might show “Donald's business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.”
“The fact that Donald seems terrified to release his taxes suggests that there's a bombshell there,” Cruz said. “It's natural to wonder, ‘Well, what is it that he's hiding in his taxes?'”
2. In March, Cruz called him a “sniveling coward”
Speaking to a group of reporters in Dane, Wisconsin, after Trump made a comment promising to “spill the beans” on the senator's wife, Cruz pointed his finger and said, “Donald, you're a sniveling coward. Leave Heidi the hell alone.”
“It's not easy to tick me off. I don't get angry often, but you mess with my wife, you mess with my kids, that'll do it every time,” Cruz said.
3. He also called Trump a “big, loud New York bully”
“Let me be absolutely clear: Our spouses and our children are off bounds,” Cruz said . “It is not acceptable for a big, loud New York bully to attack my wife.”
4. Also, “a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women”
Trump's attacks, Cruz suggested , were actions of “a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women.”
5. Cruz called one of Trump's theories “nuts” and “just kooky”
In May, after Trump cited a National Enquirer report that alleged Cruz's father may have had some involvement in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, Cruz addressed reporters in Evansville, Indiana: “This morning, Donald Trump went on national television and attacked my father. Donald Trump alleges that my dad was involved in assassinating JFK. Now, let's be clear, this is nuts. This is not a reasonable position. This is just kooky.”
6. He also called him a “pathological liar” who “lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth”
Also in Indiana, on the same day the state's voters would deliver a decisive victory to Trump, Cruz added : “I'm gonna tell you what I really think of Donald Trump: This man is a pathological liar. He doesn't know the difference between truth and lies. He lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth, and in a pattern that I think is straight out of a psychology textbook, his response is to accuse everybody else of lying.”
7. And Cruz was specific with the term “pathological”: Trump is “utterly amoral,” he said
“I say pathological because I actually think Donald, if you hooked him up to a lie detector test, he could say one thing in the morning, one thing at noon and one thing in the evening, all contradictory and he'd pass the lie detector test each time. Whatever lie he's telling, at that minute he believes it, but the man is utterly amoral,” Cruz said .
8. And, while he was at it, Cruz accused him of narcissism and being a “serial philanderer”
Continuing to unload in Indiana, Cruz offered : “He combines [dishonesty] with being a narcissist, a narcissist at a level I don't think this country's ever seen. Donald Trump is such a narcissist that Barack Obama looks at him and says, ‘Dude, what's your problem?'''
And: “Donald Trump is a serial philanderer, and he boasts about it. This is not a secret. He's proud of being a serial philanderer.”
9. In July, Cruz still hadn't forgiven Trump for the attacks on his family
“I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father,” Cruz said, answering questions at a Texas delegation breakfast at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland and facing backlash for not yet endorsing Trump.
Referring to his pledge to support his party's nominee, Cruz said that statement “was not a blanket commitment that if you slander and attack Heidi I'm going to nonetheless go like a servile puppy dog" and support him.
by Andrew J. Shepherd
Sprint 4G Rollout Updates
Thursday, December 19, 2013 - 2:12 PM MST
As most of our S4GRU readers are aware, Sprint is pursuing a three pronged approach to LTE. Tri band 25/26/41 LTE 1900/800/2600 -- the first two bands operating as FDD in Sprint and Nextel PCS 1900 MHz and SMR 800 MHz spectrum, the last operating as TDD in Clearwire BRS/EBS 2600 MHz spectrum.
A year and a half ago in the early days of Network Vision, S4GRU was the first web site to offer a peek at a live Sprint LTE downlink carrier. We did likewise in running tri band hotspot field tests upon the emergence of Sprint/Clearwire TD-LTE 2600 in Denver this past summer.
But the missing piece in the tri band LTE strategy has been the 800 MHz spectrum and the decisive propagation advantages it brings to the table. Then, three weeks ago, S4GRU was able to start sourcing inside info on a few but growing number of band 26 site acceptances around the country. And today, S4GRU presents an exclusive first look at a live Sprint LTE 800 carrier.
From the spectrum analyzer RF sweep, we can see that this site has achieved SMR 800 MHz deployment completion. On the left is the 1.25 MHz FDD CDMA1X 800 downlink carrier at band class 10 channel assignment 476, which equates to center frequency 862.9 MHz. On this site, CDMA1X 800 was deployed earlier this year just prior to the Nextel iDEN 800 shutdowns. But LTE 800 did not follow -- until now.
On the right is the newborn 5 MHz FDD LTE 800 downlink carrier. Temporarily, connections to the LTE 800 carrier are not yet allowed, so an exact EARFCN cannot be determined. But frequency domain analysis suggests a downlink EARFCN 8763, which equates to center frequency 866.3 MHz and is smack dab in the middle of the EARFCN 8761-8765 range that I predicted in one of my engineering screen articles earlier this year.
In our Premier sponsors section, S4GRU continues to track ongoing band 26 LTE 800 site acceptances, which should accelerate rapidly over the next several weeks and months. Most progress thus far is in the Chicago, Houston, Kansas, Jacksonville, and North Wisconsin markets. However, LTE 800 will continue to sprout up across the Sprint network -- outside of those areas encumbered by IBEZ restrictions with Canada and Mexico. Below is today's snapshot of the evolving LTE 800 site map.
Source: author's field test, S4GRU map data
Amid buzz that he may be made a minister in the union cabinet, Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Ajit Singh on Saturday met Congress president Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi and sealed his party's tie-up with the Congress for the coming Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls.
"Sonia Gandhi has accepted in principle to make RLD a constituent of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA)," Congress general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi told reporters after the meeting.
Ajit Singh will write a letter to Gandhi, who is also the UPA chairperson, and the formalities of his party's entry into the UPA will be undertaken, Dwivedi added.
After the UPA admits the RLD into its fold, Ajit Singh will be offered a cabinet post, sources said.
The RLD, which had an electoral understanding with the BJP in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, had won five seats. Both Ajit Singh and his son, Jayant Chaudhary, are Lok Sabha members.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh also said that the electoral deal with the RLD has been approved.
The deal was reached at a meeting between Ajit Singh and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Friday, according to the sources.
The RLD will be allotted 40-50 seats for the coming Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, it is learnt. The state has 403 assembly constituencies.
RLD sources said Ajit Singh was expecting a ministry which suits his "seniority and experience". He will be sworn in as a minister this month, they added.
The NASA Aeronautics Research Institute (NARI) held a ‘Seedling Seminar' during the last week of February to consider ‘potentially revolutionary' innovative ideas in aviation. One presentation was by Doug Wells, a systems analyst at the Aeronautics Systems Analysis Branch, NASA Langley Research Center, and on February 25th he gave a presentation on ‘Low Energy Nuclear Reaction Aircraft'.
The presentation was recorded and can now be viewed at this link: https://connect.arc.nasa.gov/p1zygzm2h3i/?launcher=false&fcsContent=true&pbMode=normal
The presentation deals with what kinds of aircraft could be feasible if LENR became available, and what the technology's impact might be on aviation. The presentation deals with possibilities such as planes with almost infinite range and vertical takeoff capabilities, and the possibility of LENR powering micro UAVs.
Wells also discusses some of the technical issues that would need to be addressed if LENR was used as a power source for aircraft. He talks about the possibility of using heat exchange engines, sterling engines, and using jet engines using nickel powder as a fuel.
At the beginning of the presentation, Doug Wells cites the Levi et al. study on the E-Cat (even showing pictures of the glowing hot cat) and said that the big takeaway from the study was that they were claiming to get more energy out than in.
At the end of the presentation the those evaluating the presentation brought up the topic of whether LENR is indeed a real effect. The answer was that they weren't really sure yet, but the consensus among them seems to be that it is a good idea that NASA should start thinking about ‘what if' scenarios, and prepare for future technologies. It's interesting, and I think encouraging, that the people discussing the topic here are not dismissive, and seem have some interest in the possibility of LENR having an important impact at some future point.
UPDATE (March 1): I put a comment on the Journal of Nuclear Physics, informing Andrea Rossi that the NASA presentation above cited the Levi study, and included an image of the hot cat.
Rossi responded:
Frank Acland:
Extremely interesting. Soon we will learn from NASA something important.
Warm Regards,
A.R.
Soon after making this comment, however, Rossi edited it, and it now reads only: “Extremely interesting.” The orginal comment can be seen at www.rossilivecat.com
Dear Mr. President,
Welcome to Utah.
We hope you will enjoy your brief visit to our state Monday, meeting with our elected officials and, we have been led to understand, making those officeholders very happy by announcing that large swaths of Utah's unique and beautiful public lands will be removed from their current status as national monuments.
Here is what we want to know about that: Why?
What possible reason could there be for cutting the size of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in half and reducing the new Bears Ears National Monument to two small slivers of the land preserved just last year by your predecessor?
The land is owned by the federal government and held in trust for, legally, all the people of the United States and, morally, all the people of the world. Much of it is possessed of remarkable natural beauty and, especially in the case of Bears Ears, is held sacred by the Navajo and other Native American nations. Taking back the prize that those native peoples worked on, so long and so hard, will of course be seen as nothing more than a gratuitous slap in their face.
In the 20 years of its existence, meanwhile, Grand Staircase has inspired the growth of numerous small businesses that have have come to thrive by serving the many tourists who journey there from around the globe. Changing the status quo that those livelihoods have been based on serves no purpose.
We know what you have been told about these monuments and their history. Some of it is true.
The creation of the Grand Staircase monument was indeed sprung upon the people of Utah, and their elected officials, by the Clinton administration in what, to all appearances, was a pander to environmentally minded voters — in Arizona.
But arguments that the designation devastated the local economy are without merit. There is no profitable market for the coal that lies there. Not in a world where the dirty fuel is rapidly losing its free-market value. And, as we said, the eco-tourist-based economy that has sprung up in and around the monument does not deserve this blow.
And you have doubtless heard at great length about how the process leading up to the designation of Bears Ears has split the community and that not even all the Navajo in the area supported it. But the duly elected representatives of five nations officially back the monument, and those who felt otherwise had years of process and public hearings to make their wishes known.
If there were great untapped resources — oil, gas, coal, grazing allotments — that had been taken off the table by the designations, this might be a different argument. But there are not.
Even under monument status, both areas do and will provide opportunities for responsible mineral extraction and grazing. It would just need to be done carefully, in ways that do not overwhelm the larger, and eternal, spiritual, aesthetic and restorative value of the land.
Any responsible, humane and long-term view of Grand Staircase-Escalante and Bears Ears national monuments should lead to the conclusion that there is nothing to be gained, and potentially much to be lost, by removing their designations. And even if you do, Mr. President, the matter will immediately, and for years to come, be tied up in court, wasting much time and money that could have been spent truly protecting the land and improving the lives of both those who live near it and those who will benefit, even if they never go there, from having it protected for future generations.
Utah is a public lands state, Mr. President. Even those leaders who oppose these monuments know that, and often express great pride in our national parks and forests. Yet those same leaders have wasted millions in taxpayer dollars in pointless lawsuits that deny that same aspect of our state. And they have ruined more economic activity than they have created, running off the Outdoor Retailers conventions and alienating the most prominent of the recreation entrepenures.
Your duty, Mr. President, is to protect the natural beauty of our state. Not to put it under glass, untouchable. But to preserve it for all time.
Seattle police officers resort too quickly to the use of weapons like batons and flashlights, and escalate confrontations even when arresting people for minor offenses, because of inadequate supervision and training, the Justice Department said Friday in announcing findings from a seven-month investigation. The department began its investigation of the Seattle Police Department last spring after the fatal shooting of a homeless American Indian woodcarver in 2010 and other reported uses of force against minority suspects. The inquiry was aimed at determining whether the Seattle police have a “pattern or practice” of violating civil rights or of discriminatory policing, and if so, what they should do to improve. Federal investigators said they found that the Seattle police had engaged in excessive force that violated federal law and the Constitution.
Stefan Glaenzer has admitted in court to sexually assaulting a female passenger on the London Tube network.
He will be sentenced on 20 December and is now on unconditional bail.
Glaenzer, tech investor and former chairman of Last.fm pleaded guilty to one count of sexual assault, which was witnessed by police.
Two similar incidents had also been reported. He said he was a long-term cannabis user and had been on "a drugs binge" at the time of the assault.
The multi-millionaire investor in technology start-ups must now sign the sex offenders register.
"This conviction has devastated him personally and professionally. He has lost his good character that he has maintained for his entire life," said Sallie Bennett-Jenkins QC in his defence.
Glaenzer told Westminster Magistrates Court he would seek help for his drug dependency.
However magistrate Jessica Baldwin told him that his drug use was "an aggravating feature" rather than "mitigation", reports the Evening Standard.
The case has been adjourned for pre-sentence reports.
"I am simply shocked and saddened," wrote TechCrunch's European editor Mike Butcher.
"As for his professional life as an investor and respected player on the internet start-up scene in London, one cannot predict the reaction of the community.
"Some will rally around him, conscious of his high standing and - till now - good reputation. Others will feel unable to based on this conviction and the sordid details of the case."
In December 1776, during the darkest days of the Revolution, Thomas Paine wrote the first of his "American Crisis" papers. Following devastating defeats by British forces in Brooklyn and Manhattan, George Washington and the Continental Army were retreating across New Jersey to the Delaware River and Pennsylvania. Paine rode with them, determined to continue the fight and defiantly reaffirming his disgust for Great Britain's King George III.
“Let them call me rebel and welcome,” Paine wrote, “I feel no concern from it; but I should suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul by swearing allegiance to one whose character is that of a sottish, stupid, stubborn, worthless, brutish man.” The greatest journalist of the Revolution knew how to call out the enemy.
Advertisement:
Only 11 months earlier, Paine had published "Common Sense," a pamphlet of just 50 pages that would turn the world upside down. Calling on Americans to recognize that they were Americans not Britons, and that they were fighting not for British rights but for universal human rights, Paine — through words such as “The sun never shined on a cause of greater worth” and “The cause of America is in a great measure the cause of all mankind” — emboldened his fellow citizens-to-be to turn their colonial rebellion into a revolutionary war for independence and to make for themselves and their children a historically unprecedented democratic republic.
Now, however, it seemed America's cause was to collapse on the frozen fields of Tory-dominated New Jersey. Encouraged by Gen. Washington himself, Paine began to write again. On a drumhead by campfire light he penned words that would reinvigorate the struggle and resound through the generations: “THESE are the times that try men's souls. The summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their country; but he that stands by it now, deserves the love and thanks of man and woman. Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us, that the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.”
As yet, we do not have our own pamphleteer for these soul-trying times. But we still have Thomas Paine's ever-timely words. We do not yet have a writer who can as magnificently express our outrage that a man whose character Paine would deplore is about to become president after losing the popular ballot by nearly 3 million votes. We do not yet have a writer to encourage us to not only resist the ambitions of both the man who would be king and his Tory allies in Congress, but also to turn our outrage into a sustained struggle that will fulfill the promise of democracy. Nonetheless, we have the words that burned like fire in the breast of a man who believed that to be an American in his time meant being a radical.
Really, who better to rally us than this former corset maker, privateer and tax collector who came to America for a second chance in life and gave away all his royalties on a little book that was to become one of the biggest bestsellers in American history so that Washington's army could be outfitted with mittens? Who better to call us out against a royal wannabe who lives in a palatial gilded tower named after himself, proudly boasts that he essentially pays no taxes (while refusing to release his tax returns) and after swearing to “drain the swamp,” proceeds to fill it with bottom feeders — a cohort of billionaires, ideologues and cronies he has privileged to dismantle the very government they loathe?
Indeed, who better to mobilize our opposition than the immigrant writer who first envisioned true American greatness and projected achieving it by creating a nation committed to freedom, equality and democracy? “We have it in our power to begin the world over again,” he wrote. “A situation, similar to the present, hath not happened since the days of Noah until now. The birthday of a new world is at hand, and a race of men, perhaps as numerous as all Europe contains, are to receive their portion of freedom from the events of a few months.”
Pick up Paine's writings and prepare for Inauguration Day by immersing yourself in them. They remain as relevant today as when he wrote them, as Washington's army shivered in the coldest of winters while waiting to once again do battle with the British and their mercenaries.
Carry his works with you. Give copies to friends and family. Read them aloud just as yeomen and farmers and artisans and merchants did in the fields, workshops and taverns of 1776. Drink deeply from his "Common Sense." Relish his attacks on kings and would-be monarchs. Delight in his belief that working people can govern themselves. Listen as he embraces America's ethnic and religious diversity. And note well his plans for establishing an inclusive, prosperous and expansive American democracy.
Advertisement:
Then, when you once again hear Donald Trump revealing, and reveling in, his own ignorance, denying the truth of things and lying practically every time he opens his mouth, recall Paine's observation: “Men who look upon themselves born to reign, and others to obey, soon grow insolent; selected from the rest of mankind their minds are early poisoned by importance; and the world they act in differs so materially from the world at large, that they have but little opportunity of knowing its true interests, and when they succeed to the government are frequently the most ignorant and unfit of any throughout the dominions.”
Then take to heart Paine's adage: “Of more worth is one honest man to society and in the sight of God, than all the crowned ruffians that ever lived.”
When Trump talks of banning Muslim immigration and compelling Muslims to register with the authorities, heed Paine's warning that “Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.” Recite determinedly these words: “For myself, I fully and conscientiously believe, that it is the will of the Almighty, that there should be a diversity of religious opinions among us.”
And when Trump announces he's going to build walls, institute mass deportations and deny refuge to refugees, proclaim, as Thomas Paine did, “O ye that love mankind! Ye that dare oppose, not only the tyranny, but the tyrant, stand forth! Every spot of the world is overrun with oppression. Freedom hath been hunted round the globe. Asia, and Africa, have long expelled her. Europe regards her like a stranger, and England hath given her warning to depart. O! receive the fugitive, and prepare in time an asylum for mankind.”
Advertisement:
As the Tories in Congress and state legislatures around the country move against the democratic achievements of generations — Social Security, the National Labor Relations Act, Medicare and Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act, the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Acts, consumer protections and a woman's right to choose — stand up and pronounce the very words that Washington's troops heard as they boarded longboats and crossed back over the icy Delaware to surprise and defeat the King's troops at Trenton: “Let it be told to the future world, that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive, that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet and to repulse it.”
Let them call us rebels, for we are all the heirs of Thomas Paine.
How We Raised $1 Million in Proof's Token Presale
Mike De'Shazer Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 28, 2017
In this post, I will outline the steps we took, from sneaking into thousand-dollar events in Dubai to being threatened with lawsuits by the largest blockchain blog, CoinDesk, to raise $1 million in our token presale.
Over the past 2 weeks, our team at Proof has grown in two particular areas. In addition to the aforementioned area of financial capital, we have gained more appreciation for the power of the crowd. With 5,000 active users on our platform, a Slack chat community of nearly a thousand participants, and a little over 100 participants contributing a minimum of 10 ETH (approx. $3,400) in our token presale event, we have learned quite a bit about the blockchain-based token sale process. Since our platform empowers users to launch their own token sales, these lessons, learned from throwing ourselves headlong into the fire, are essential. Eat your own dog food, as it were.
Over the past year or so, we have been building and deploying blockchain-based products to empower the future of finance. Through our development processes and users' feedback, we developed new, decentralized, mechanisms for unstoppable finance. “Unstoppable finance” consists of marketplaces free of the threats of capital controls and sanctions by governments and other large institutions. We are developing these mechanisms to complement our existing tools, whilst promoting new kinds of certainty via trustless interactions. Our in-development tools offer — what we believe to be — superior alternatives to the politically motivated government regulatory organizations we have today. These solutions bring real-time protections to investors around the world through crowdsourced insurance protocols and blockchain-based credit scoring. Our AMP Protocol pairs these concepts with prediction market principals to signal risk and facilitate the curation and trade of tokenized property, community currency, debt and equity on the blockchain.
Here are some of the areas that helped us reach our current pre-token sale contribution totals. I will attempt to make each point as bite-sized as a tweet.
Oh The Risks
We traveled the world to meet thought leaders on our own (limited) dimes. When we couldn't afford the conferences, we snuck in. #Dubai
2. Partnerships
Most of our partnerships were formed after-hours or post-conference (accompanied by live demos) and later cultivated via video conference.
3. Stakes
Most people knew we were using our own life-savings' to pursue solutions that we believed could improve the financial well-being of millions. This created more support than we expected.
4. Community
Against advice, we never hired a community manager. Instead, the founding team strove to take the time to directly answer user questions. #latenights
5. Content
As hard as it is to pause from platform development, we placed emphasis on always sharing our creations via Youtube for feedback.
6. Growth Hacking
We used our own tools to showcase capabilities, by placing the press inside our tools. CoinDesk wasn't so happy we created their real-ish looking ICO, however.
Going forward, we are striving to continue our open-ear processes. As we gain more users and token sale participants, it is becoming more difficult to converse and incorporate many of the new suggestions and enhancement ideas that come our way. We are working to leverage our current capital to build out new methods of synthesizing feedback, to continue the practice of rapid suggestion-to-productionism (new word). This is, of course, in addition to more secure, further decentralized, and easier-to-use tools. At the end of the day, our present and future are based entirely on the value we provide our users. As one of our most active Slack members @bringmorevalue always reminds us: it's all in that name.
Spokesman for group's media arm tells followers the US-led war is doomed to failure and urges sympathizers to take action during the holy month of Ramadan
An Islamic State spokesman has urged sympathizers in Europe and the US to launch attacks on civilians there if they are unable to travel to the group's self-declared caliphate in Syria and Iraq.
Top US commander in Middle East makes secret Syria visit Read more
In a 31-minute audio message released late on Saturday by the Isis media arm al-Furqan, Abu Mohammed al-Adnani told his followers: “The tiniest action you do in the heart of their land is dearer to us than the biggest action by us … There are no innocents in the heart of the lands of the crusaders.”
He encouraged lone wolf attacks during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which starts early in June, “to win the great award of martyrdom”.
Al-Adnani also said the US-led war against the group was doomed to failure and that America “fell in the swamp of perdition”.
The speech may have been aimed at boosting morale after the group suffered a string of military setbacks and lost territory in both Iraq and Syria.
Last week, Brett McGurk, the US presidential envoy to the 66-country anti-Isis coalition, said: “This perverse caliphate is shrinking.”
Addressing these losses, al-Adnani said that even if Isis were pushed out of its strongholds such as Raqqa and Mosul, this would not count as defeat because “defeat is the loss of will and the desire to fight”.
His mention of the possible loss of the Syrian city of Raqqa coincided with a secret trip to Syria on Saturday by Gen Joseph Votel, the new commander of US forces in the Middle East. The US is trying to develop credible Arab fighters to retake Raqqa, the self-declared Isis capital.
Mosques in Raqqa broadcast an announcement that civilians would be allowed to leave the city, after earlier this week planes thought to belong to the international coalition dropped flyers instructing residents to leave ahead of an offensive.
Al-Adnani cited Omar al-Shishani as one of the current leaders of the Isis group, indirectly denying a Pentagon report that in March an airstrike in Syria killed al-Shishani, described as the Isis “minister of war”.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17, 2011 - A research group led by a New York University School of Medicine scientist discovered a genetic variant that allows a fish in the Hudson River to live in waters heavily polluted by PCBs. In a study published in the February 18, 2011, online issue of Science, they report that a population of Hudson River fish apparently evolved rapidly in response to the toxic chemicals, which were first introduced in 1929, and were banned fifty years later. PCBs, or polychlorinated biphenyls, were used in hundreds of industrial and commercial applications, especially as electrical insulators.
"We've found evolutionary change going on very quickly due to toxic exposure, and just one gene is responsible for it," says Isaac Wirgin, a population geneticist, associate professor of environmental medicine at NYU School of Medicine, and the study's lead investigator. "There are not many examples of this in the scientific literature."
General Electric released approximately 1.3 million pounds of PCBs into the Hudson River from 1947 to 1976. The Atlantic tomcod, Microgadus tomcod, is a common bottom-feeding fish in the Hudson that is not usually eaten by humans. The fish, which typically reaches a length of 10 inches, had long been known to survive exposure to PCBs, and levels of the chemical in its liver are among the highest reported in nature. However, scientists did not understand the biological mechanism that allowed the tomcod to survive chemical exposures that kill most other fishes.
Dr. Wirgin and scientists at NOAA Fisheries Service in New Jersey and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts spent four years capturing tomcod from contaminated and relatively clean areas of the Hudson River during the winter months, when tomcod spawn in the river. The fish were screened for genetic variants in a gene encoding a protein known to regulate the toxic effects of PCBs, which is called the aryl hydrocarbon receptor2, or AHR2. This gene also is involved in mediating the effects of other halogenated hydrocarbon compounds, a group that includes PCBs.
Slight alterations--the deletion of only six base pairs in DNA of the AHR2 gene--appear to protect tomcod from PCBs, according to the study. Normally, when unaltered AHR2 binds to PCBs, it triggers a cascade of reactions that transmit the toxic effects of the compound. However, the study found that PCBs bind poorly to the variant AHRs, which apparently blunts the chemicals' effects.
Tomcod from cleaner waters occasionally carried mutant AHR2, suggesting that these variants existed in minor proportions prior to PCB pollution, says Dr. Wirgin. After the chemical was released, tomcod carrying the mutation had an advantage over others in the population because PCBs otherwise lead to lethal heart defects in young fish. The study's findings suggest that this advantage drove genetic changes in these fish over some fifty years. "We think of evolution as something that happens over thousands of generations," says Dr. Wirgin. "But here it happened remarkably quickly."
###
The study co-authors are: Nirmal K. Roy and Matthew Loftus, the NYU School of Medicine; R. Christopher Chambers, the NOAA Fisheries Service, Highland, New Jersey; and Diana G. Franks and Mark E. Hahn, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
About NYU School of Medicine:
Bradley Manning, the 25-year-old soldier accused of the biggest unauthorised disclosure of state secrets in US history, has pleaded guilty to being the source of the leak, telling a military court that he passed the information to a whistleblowing website because he believed the American people had a right to know the "true costs of war".
Manning read out a 35-page statement on Thursday in which he gave an impassioned account of his motives for transmitting classified documents and videos he had obtained while working as an intelligence analyst outside Baghdad:
We were obsessed with capturing and killing human targets on lists and ignoring goals and missions. I believed if the public, particularly the American public, could see this it could spark a debate on the military and our foreign policy in general [that] might cause society to reconsider the need to engage in counter-terrorism while ignoring the human situation of the people we engaged with every day.
So what's next for Manning? Ed Pilkington has been tracking pretrial proceedings and will take your questions in a live chat Friday from 2pm to 3pm ET.
Some questions to consider:
• Why did Manning make a "naked plea" – ie one that isn't part of a deal bargain with the prosecution?
• Where is Bradley Manning at in the pre-trial process?
• What else was notable about his 35-page statement? What stood out to reporters in the courtroom?
Set a reminder and join us at 2pm ET Friday:
<a href="http://www.coveritlive.com/mobile.php/option=com_mobile/task=viewaltcast/altcast_code=91c2b2de51" >Bradley Manning's Plea: What's next?</a>
More Bradley Manning coverage:
• Manning plea statement: Americans had a right to know 'true cost of war'
• Manning says he first tried to leak to Washington Post and New York Times
• Bradley Manning pleads guilty to 10 charges but denies 'aiding the enemy'
Note: For the Original Internet Lessons with additions, see the AYP Easy Lessons Books. For the Expanded and Interactive Internet Lessons, AYP Online Books, Audiobooks and more, see AYP Plus.
Lesson 307 - Hallucinogens and Yoga (Audio)
AYP Plus Additions:
307.1 - Dialog on Ayahuasca, Yoga, Dissociation and Fear (Audio)
From: Yogani
Date: Feb 19, 2009
New Visitors: It is recommended you read from the beginning of the web archive, as previous lessons are prerequisite to this one. The first lesson is, "Why This Discussion?"
In the native cultures of the world (including in ancient India), spiritual experience has sometimes been associated (and ritualized) with the ingestion of hallucinogenic substances derived from plants. In modern times, in addition to alcohol, the use of such substances for recreational purposes has become common, especially marijuana, certain types of mushrooms, and synthetic substances, particularly LSD, which rose to prominence in the youth counter culture of the 1960s and 1970s. Many from that era give some credit to their drug experiences in helping launch them on serious and drugless spiritual paths later on. It cannot be denied. This leaves us with two lingering questions.
First, are drug experiences necessary to embark on a spiritual path? The answer is obviously, no, for many pursue spiritual awakening without a drug experience being the initial stimulus. However, it can be said that in many cases, some sort of initial altered state of consciousness led to the inspiration and desire for a more permanent awakening. Such an initial experience can be caused by an accident, an illness, a spontaneous inner awakening, spiritual vision, or other life-altering event. Or maybe the aspirant just knows inside that there is something more to life than the conventional knowledge society is offering. The seed of spiritual desire can germinate from many causes. Ultimately, the call comes from within.
Drugs are only one of many ways people can be inspired to pursue a broader possibility within. In virtually all cases where an initial altered state is experienced, it will only be a preview, and not the onset of permanent spiritual transformation. It is important to recognize that any particular spiritual experience does not constitute a final outcome. For moving toward a final outcome in terms of spiritual progress, a different strategy is necessary, one which will systematically and gradually promote the purification and opening of the nervous system to its full capabilities.
This leads to the second question: Are drugs an aid in ongoing yoga practice? If there is any initial benefit found in the artificial experience produced by drugs, then the repetition of that experience is not likely to take us further. To assume so is a flight of fancy the magic bullet syndrome. In the case of continuing with hallucinogenic drugs to recreate a particular kind of experience, we will be producing the opposite effect underneath adding to the obstructions lodged deep within our nervous system.
Spiritual development is not primarily about having a temporary peak experience. Rather, it is a natural and permanent awakening, which can be achieved only through ongoing deep inner purification. This is why anyone engaged in daily deep meditation will find urges for substances that produce artificial experiences falling away. This applies to hallucinogenic drugs, alcohol, tobacco, caffeine, and eating habits that retard the natural expression of the divine light emerging from within us.
The guru is in you.
Related Lessons Topic Path
Discuss this Lesson in the AYP Plus Support Forum
Note: For detailed instructions on deep meditation, see the AYP Deep Meditation book. For detailed discussion on the implications of artificially induced states of consciousness, see the Diet, Shatkarmas and Amaroli book. Aslo see AYP Plus.
Previous | Next
As soon as Sergio Ramos's new deal is all wrapped up, it will be Pepe's turn.
A one-year extension will be announced very soon. The Portuguese's current Real Madrid contract runs until June 2016 and, without a new deal, he could have negotiated with any other club from 1st January.
The defender, his agent, Jorge Mendes, and club president Florentino Pérez's excellent relationship played a pivotal role in negotiating a contract that appeared to be a done deal several months ago but has only been finalised now.
There appears to be one main reason for keeping him at the club. Rafa Benítez thinks he is as important as Varane and, had he not agreed a new deal, Real Madrid would have been forced to dip into the transfer market for a replacement. In that sense, the best option was to offer their tried and tested defender a new contract.
A decade at the club
The two parties had no problem agreeing the financial side of the new deal, but its length proved to be a sticking point. Pepe wanted a longer contract, but Real Madrid, given his age (32), offered him another year. All that is missing is the defender's signature on a contract that will see him reach the milestone of ten years at the Bernabéu.
Susan Gerbic Graduate Poster
Join Date: Jan 2007 Posts: 1,526
I'm a bit embarrassed to say that I did not notice the changes to Rosemary's page (the positive ones) but did see the revert from today. I really need to clean out my watchlists to a more manageable number so I don't have these slip by. It is possible for someone to use the mb (very little changed) tag and then write that they fixed a spelling word or something like that and being busy not really look at the page. Then later you find out that a ton of things were changed and not for the better.
Chainlink the best we have at the moment is to put pages on your watchlist and check the list for changes. And like I said above actually look at the page even if you think was a simple fix of spelling.
The only other alternative we have is that we have other editors watching that hopefully catch what we miss, as it happened in this case today.
As Tim mentioned I do have a blog called Guerrilla Skepticism on Wikipedia that teaches people how to edit, what to edit, when to edit and on and on. I give tons of examples of how to combat this kind of thing and really make Wikipedia into some far greater than it already is. I don't want to give you "the talk" right now, if you are interested check me out.
My most current blog is called "What Skeptics can learn from The Mormans" which really applies to todays conversation.
I know several of you said that you once edited Wikipedia but...
Please seriously think of getting back into it, we really need you. The rules at times can be difficult as well as the other editors but all that can be gotten over, and the Big Picture is that we can rule this. Wikipedia is where the world is getting their information despite what You think of it. We can close our eyes, put our fingers in our ears and sing lalalalala over and over and pretend that Wikipedia does not matter.
Or we can figure out what went wrong (and why you don't enjoy it anymore) and move on. Its one thing talking to each other about making real changes in the world, helping people to think critically and whining over our beer about why people are so dumb. Its another thing to actually get involved. You can make major differences in the world, and you can do it while sitting nude in front of your laptop with bonbons nearby.
I'm warning you, there will be some problems you will face, people might not always like your changes. But guess what in the end you can really help out. Also you aren't going to hear from anyone saying "you know what? Reading that Wikipedia page changed my whole viewpoint of homeopathy, bigfoot, psychics". You might get a high-five and a shout-out from me, but really it is a war, we need you to help.
Contact me please if interested. I will train, encourage, nag whatever you need. Contact me by email please Thank Tim and Jim for bringing this thread to my attention.I'm a bit embarrassed to say that I did not notice the changes to Rosemary's page (the positive ones) but did see the revert from today. I really need to clean out my watchlists to a more manageable number so I don't have these slip by. It is possible for someone to use the mb (very little changed) tag and then write that they fixed a spelling word or something like that and being busy not really look at the page. Then later you find out that a ton of things were changed and not for the better.Chainlink the best we have at the moment is to put pages on your watchlist and check the list for changes. And like I said above actually look at the page even if you think was a simple fix of spelling.The only other alternative we have is that we have other editors watching that hopefully catch what we miss, as it happened in this case today.As Tim mentioned I do have a blog called Guerrilla Skepticism on Wikipedia that teaches people how to edit, what to edit, when to edit and on and on. I give tons of examples of how to combat this kind of thing and really make Wikipedia into some far greater than it already is. I don't want to give you "the talk" right now, if you are interested check me out. http://guerrillaskepticismonwikipedia.blogspot.com/ My most current blog is called "What Skeptics can learn from The Mormans" which really applies to todays conversation.I know several of you said that you once edited Wikipedia but...Please seriously think of getting back into it, we really need you. The rules at times can be difficult as well as the other editors but all that can be gotten over, and the Big Picture is that we can rule this. Wikipedia is where the world is getting their information despite what You think of it. We can close our eyes, put our fingers in our ears and sing lalalalala over and over and pretend that Wikipedia does not matter.Or we can figure out what went wrong (and why you don't enjoy it anymore) and move on. Its one thing talking to each other about making real changes in the world, helping people to think critically and whining over our beer about why people are so dumb. Its another thing to actually get involved. You can make major differences in the world, and you can do it while sitting nude in front of your laptop with bonbons nearby.I'm warning you, there will be some problems you will face, people might not always like your changes. But guess what in the end you can really help out. Also you aren't going to hear from anyone saying "you know what? Reading that Wikipedia page changed my whole viewpoint of homeopathy, bigfoot, psychics". You might get a high-five and a shout-out from me, but really it is a war, we need you to help.Contact me please if interested. I will train, encourage, nag whatever you need. Contact me by email please susangerbic@yahoo.com
"Kinetics of Browning, Phenolics, and 5-Hydroxymethylfurfural in Commercial Sparkling Wines"
Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry
In the rare case that New Year's revelers have a bottle of leftover bubbly, they have no way to tell if it'll stay good until they pop the cork and taste it at the next celebration. But now scientists are reporting a precise new way for wineries — and their customers — to predict how long their sparkling wines will last. The study appears in ACS' Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry.
Montserrat Riu-Aumatell and colleagues explain that the shelf life of various sparkling wines, from champagne to prosecco, depends on environmental factors such as temperature. Currently, wineries detect the so-called browning of bubbly by measuring its “absorbance,” or its absorption of light at a particular wavelength. It's a fast and easy technique but not very sensitive. Researchers exploring the chemistry of sparkling wine are turning to the food industry for alternatives. Food manufacturers can measure a compound called 5-HMF, which builds up in food as it goes bad, to tell when to toss a product out. Riu-Aumatell's team decided to see if they could use the compound, which is also found in bubbly, to predict the shelf life of sparkling wines.
They tested levels of this browning compound in several bottles stored over two years at different temperatures: room, cellar (61 degrees Fahrenheit) and refrigerator (39 degrees Fahrenheit). Their study found that 5-HMF is a good indicator of freshness, and also that refrigerating sparkling wines almost completely prevented browning. To make their results more practical for wineries, the researchers came up with a mathematical model that predicts how long products will stay drinkable at varying storage temperatures.
The authors acknowledge funding from the Spanish Comisión Interministerial de Ciencia y Tecnología, the ACC1Ó EVALXARTA2010 and the Generalitat de Catalunya.
Abdul Ra'ouf was a 4 months old baby boy and he is another Lebanese tragedy. He was refused admission to hospitals in Akkar and has passed away. I suspect Abou Faour will hold a press conference soon.
In late February, a scandal hit Hotel Dieu as the Ministry of Health, led by Abou Faour, froze its contract with that hospital over them not admitting a patient who had no other form of coverage.
Heartbreaking stories of children dying make headlines, but they don't tell you the truth of the health sector in Lebanon. That truth is in the numbers:
Before going into what thosee numbers mean, let's take the hypothetical scenario of a hospital with 100 beds. The beds in that hospital are divided according to coverage: those covered by insurance have the biggest chunk allocated to them (let's say 70), while those covered by NSSF have 20 beds and those covered by the Ministry of Health have the remaining 10.
Hold that thought for a second and let's talk about the numbers.
Half of the Lebanese population (48%) is covered by the Ministry of Health (MOH), while 23% are covered by the NSSF (daman) and only 8% are covered by private insurance. This means that about 2 million Lebanese have the MOH as their ONLY way to afford hospital care in the country.
Having half of your people covered by the ministry doesn't seem too bad right? The truth of the matter is far less utopian.
Having half the country covered by the MOH means those 48% are entirely dependent on the MOH's budget. The disaster is when you find out that out of all the ministries running this country, the budget allocated for the MOH to cover the needs for HALF of the country is 3%.
How The Ministry of Health's Budget Is Divided:
16% that budget goes towards expensive drugs notably cancer treatment. Patients not covered by the NSSF have to resort to the ministry for their medication (if they can't afford it, which is the case of 99.7% of Lebanese).
Getting the medication out of the MOH isn't easy. Sometimes they run out of the medication and you end up having to wait until they bring it back into the country. Other times, as has happened with a friend of mine who needed a $12,000 treatment over the course of a couple of months, other people come in and take the medication that was allocated to you, sign for you and leave.
The system is rigged with wastas, bureaucracy and corruption.
80% goes to hospital care, which is where most of the people need the MOH: operations, hospital admission, etc.
So imagine ONLY having 80% of the country's 3% budget used to essentially treat 50% of the Lebanese population. This is why the MOH has the least number of beds at the country's major hospitals: the MOH often doesn't pay, and when it pays, it does so extremely late.
So when you hear that a patient couldn't find a bed at a particular hospital, it doesn't always mean that every single bed in the hospital is full, it means that the beds for that patient's coverage are fully occupied, and that is very easy to occur when 48% of the country gets a minimal amount of beds in the country's major hospitals.
Does that sound harsh? Of course it does. All Lebanese are entitled to excellent care and that level of care is, sadly, rarely available outside of Beirut and its major hospitals. Why so? Because excellent care is not cheap. Those imaging equipment with fancy names you hear being thrown around on shows like House, MD and Grey's Anatomy cost in the millions. Every time a hospital buys something to advance its level of care, they pay figures in the seven digits. Even the research that goes into advancing care is expensive.
The level of care being expensive is a big problem. The bigger problem is not having hospitals that are close to the level of those inside Beirut outside of the capital. Most of the people in the country cannot afford places like AUBMC, SGH or HDF, but they can go to public hospitals where the level of care has the potential to be excellent but is handicapped by how little funding those hospitals get.
4% of the MOH's budget goes to help public hospitals. What you need to know is that public hospitals are not exactly under the jurisdiction of the MOH, which means that the Ministry isn't responsible for their finances and how they run: they have a separate board of directors that is required to run them and keep them within profit margins. However, as is the case with almost all public hospitals in the country, very few (if not none) are success stories because of the lack of governmental support that goes toward them.
I rotated at one of those public hospitals not too long ago. It wasn't an eye opening experience because I do come from a non-privileged area of the country, but it was a heartbreaking one. The hospital was in a state of near-decay. Some of the equipment didn't work. And all the patients were one sad story after the next.
The latest high profile example is Beirut's Governmental Hospital which has been in the news for months now because of the lack of payment to employees. Imagine not getting your salary for months. Does it make it okay just because you're a doctor or a nurse?
What Happens When The MOH Freezes Its Contract With A Hospital:
As a response to HDF not admitting the patient (who wasn't a case of emergency in which case the hospital is required by law to take care of a patient), Abou Faour decided to put his ministry's contract with the hospital on hold. I suppose he thought that was punishing the hospital enough, and you thought he was defending your rights in doing so.
What freezing that contract means is that those 10 beds in that hypothetical hospital are no longer allocated to patients covered by the MOH. Freezing a contract with a hospital affects the patients, not on the hospital.
Hospitals And Doctors Can Also Be Greedy:
There are a lot of hospitals and doctors in the country that are greedy, and the system permits the perpetuation of that greed.
The most relevant story to that regard is of someone I knew who required a major surgery. That person's community tried to intervene by raising the funds. Eventually a high profile charity heard of that person's problem and donated. In doing so, they forced the hospital in question to lower their required fees by a decent amount, because that charity needed the invoices to be audited abroad.
A lot of this goes on behind closed doors. The lack of regulations means that you don't know which part of the money is going where.
The Media Doesn't Help:
Out of all sectors in the country, medicine and healthcare are the juiciest to be spoken about in the media, and the way the media talks about hospitals and about patients dying is ignorant.
A couple of weeks ago, Marcel Ghanem shared a story on his show about a woman who died at a hospital in Jbeil because they didn't give her some covers from the cold. People were outraged. Were those nurses seriously watching Yasmina and not giving the woman a blanket? What an atrocity!
The truth is very different.
That patient was a cancer patient. As a result of her chemotherapy (which she was able to afford!), her immunity was immensely suppressed, rendering her unable to defend against infection. The patient presented to the ER of that hospital with what we call “neutropenic fever,” which is fever in the background of immensely suppressed immunity. Why did the patient die? Because she ended up in septic shock, a condition with extremely high mortality.
But that doesn't sound too media-appropriate. The problem with Lebanese media isn't that they talk about stuff that go wrong in hospitals. They should, and they should do it more. It's that the angle they often use is useless, leads to zero changes and doesn't highlight the real problems here: inequality, lack of funding, lack of coverage, etc.
My Own Sensational Story:
She was such an adorable 4 year old when she walked into the doctor's clinic in Beirut, coming all the way from Tripoli. What's your name, we asked. Farah, she answered in a barely audible singsong voice.
Farah was there for further reparative surgeries for a congenital defect she had. A tube was sticking out of her neck to allow her to breathe. The doctor offered to do the operation pro-bono, but the hospital had no beds available for her.
I saw her father weep. I have already lost two daughters, he said, by settling to hospitals in the North because I couldn't afford Beirut. I don't want to lose her too. And in a corner of the room, I saw my colleague tear up.
Farah is 48% of the Lebanese population.
My colleague then approached me and said: this is something you need to write about, and so I did.
From Bhamwiki
North end of the Birmingham Water Works Tunnel in April 2007
The Birmingham Water Works Tunnel is a 2,126-foot-long1. by 12-foot diameter inclined tunnel bored through Red Mountain near Lone Pine Gap in 1888. The tunnel served to bring water from the Cahaba River into downtown Birmingham.
The tunnel was a project of the Birmingham Water Works Company, a subsidiary of the Elyton Land Company and predecessor to the public board that serves today as the Birmingham Water Works. It was designed by company engineers Willis Milner and William Merkel. After two contractors withdrew, it was built by Dunn & Deland, a railroad construction company that later relocated from Virginia to Birmingham.
The tunnel contains two massive water mains, one 42 inches and the other 36 inches in diameter. The water is drawn from the Cahaba at the Cahaba Pumping Station on Pump House Road, which forces it over the ridge of Shades Mountain to the Shades Mountain Water Treatment Plant on U. S. Highway 280. From there it is drawn into Homewood by the Rosedale Pump House (constructed in 1910) and then falls by gravity through the long tunnel into Birmingham.
As it approaches Lone Pine Gap, the tunnel lies roughly parallel to 18th Street. It continues beneath Vulcan Park and 16th Street South to a stone headwall in Valley View Park just below the street. A metal gate provides access to large cast-iron gate valves at that location. The interior of the tunnel is supported periodically by brick arches.
The Birmingham Water Works Tunnel figures prominently in the novel Threshold by Caitlín R. Kiernan.
Notes
Various references give the tunnel's length at 2,126 feet, 2,167 feet, and 2,200 feet.
References
Satterfield, Carolyn Green (1976) Historic Sites of Jefferson County, Alabama. Birmingham: Jefferson County Historical Commission/Gray Printing Company
Technic turns 40 this year, an impressive milestone for the specialist LEGO theme, and the design team have come up with a special model to celebrate. Using pieces from three of the year's new releases, fans can build an updated version of classic set 8860 Car Chassis.
Brickset found the instructions for the build already uploaded to the official LEGO website. The build requires parts from 42057 Ultralight Helicopters, 42061 Telehandler, and 42063 BMW R 1200 GS Adventure.
Image courtesy of Brickset
Each LEGO Technic set released this year includes a special brick, printed to commemorate the long-running theme's anniversary. This special updated build demonstrates just how much has changed in the world of LEGO design over the years, and make a nice bonus for us hardcore fans of the theme.
Fetal bovine serum (FBS) comes from the blood drawn from a bovine fetus via a closed system of collection at the slaughterhouse. Fetal bovine serum is the most widely used serum-supplement for the in vitro cell culture of eukaryotic cells. This is due to it having a very low level of antibodies and containing more growth factors, allowing for versatility in many different cell culture applications.
The globular protein, bovine serum albumin (BSA), is a major component of fetal bovine serum. The rich variety of proteins in fetal bovine serum maintains cultured cells in a medium in which they can survive, grow, and divide.
FBS is not a fully defined media component, and as such may vary in composition between batches.[1] As a result, serum free and chemically defined media (CDM) have been developed as a matter of good laboratory practice.[2][3]
Production [ edit ]
Fetal bovine serum is a by-product of the dairy industry. Fetal bovine serum, as with the vast majority of animal serum used in cell culture, is produced from blood collected at commercial slaughterhouses from dairy cattle that also supply meat intended for human consumption.
The first stage of the production process for fetal bovine serum is the harvesting of blood from the bovine fetus after the fetus is removed from the slaughtered cow. The blood is collected aseptically into a sterile container or blood bag and then allowed to clot. The normal method of collection is cardiac puncture, wherein a needle is inserted into the heart. This minimizes "the danger of serum contamination with micro-organisms from the fetus itself, and the environment".[4] It is then centrifuged to remove the fibrin clot and the remaining blood cells from the clear yellow (straw) colored serum. The serum is frozen prior to further processing that is necessary to make it suitable for cell culture.
The second stage of processing involves filtration, typically using a filtration chain with the final filtration being triple sterile 0.1 micrometre membrane filters. When processed by a reputable commercial serum supplier, the sterilized fetal bovine serum is subjected to stringent quality control testing and is supplied with a detailed Certificate of Analysis. The certificate gives full test results and information concerning the origin of the serum. Certificates of Analysis vary between commercial suppliers, but each usually includes the following details: filtration statement, country of origin, cell growth performance testing, microbial sterility testing, screening for mycoplasma and virus, endotoxin, haemoglobin, IgG and total protein assays.
Ethics [ edit ]
Ethical questions have been raised regarding the blood collection process due to the potential suffering caused to the fetus. Although anoxia or active slaughter could be used to induce unconsciousness or death prior to serum harvesting, exposure of live unborn calves to oxygen can cause them to gain awareness before being killed,[2] resulting in active debate about the ethics of harvesting serum.[4][5]
Serum use [ edit ]
Fetal bovine serum is commercially available from many manufacturers, and because cells grown in vitro are highly sensitive, customers usually test specific batches to check for suitability for their specific cell type. When changing from batch to batch it is usual to adapt the cells to the new batch of material, for example, by mixing 50% of the old serum with 50% of the new serum and allowing the cells to acclimatise to the new material.
Serum is stored frozen to preserve the stability of components such as growth factors. When serum is thawed, some precipitation may be seen. This is a normal phenomenon and it does not compromise the quality of serum in any way. The precipitate may be removed by transferring the serum to sterile tubes and centrifuging for 5 minutes at 400 × g.
To limit the amount of precipitation, it is recommended that the serum is thawed in a refrigerator at 2-8˚C. The serum should be regularly mixed during this process. Repeated freeze/thaw cycles should be avoided and it is advisable to dispense the serum into single use aliquots before freezing.
Technical issues [ edit ]
FBS contains a complex array of protein components that are required by many cells to grow which is why it has been successfully used in cell culture. Unfortunately, large quantities of undefined proteins can lead to unwanted stimulation of cells. This is why 'serum starvation' is commonly used in experiments where subtle changes in cytokine expression need to be measured.[6] This is where FBS can be used to maintain the cells but prior to the experiment, the serum is removed upon passage of the cells to normalize the cytokine expression. Another possible approach is to use charcoal stripped FBS which doesn't seem to be as stimulatory to cells in culture, while at the same time, supporting growth of healthy cell layers.[7]
Source history [ edit ]
Serum produced for use in the biotechnology industry and research sectors is highly regulated. The collection and movement of all animal derived products globally is strictly controlled. Veterinary control of animal derived products largely follows the regulations set by the EU (DG SANCO) and the US (USDA). The current regulation governing the importation of animal by-products into the EU is covered by Regulation (EU) 1069/2009 and the implementation document Regulation (EU) 142/2011.
FBS is a product collected worldwide with the main collections being centered in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Central America, South America and Europe.
Global sales [ edit ]
Sales of FBS in 2008 were estimated to be 700,000 litres globally.
Collectors, manufacturers and end users of FBS globally are members of the ISIA, the International Serum Industry Association. Member companies are listed on the ISIA website. Full contact details are available through this portal and the ISIA is able to answer any questions concerning the collection and use of this important resource.
The International Serum Industry Association was incorporated in June 2006 to self-regulate a previously unstandardized industry. The ISIA Mission Statement states: “ISIA shall establish, promote and assure compliance with uncompromised standards of excellence and ethics in the business practices of the global animal serum and animal derived products supply industry. Our primary focus will be on safety and safe use of serum and animal derived products through proper origin traceability, truth in labeling and appropriate standardization and oversight.”[8]
See also [ edit ]
Human platelet lysate (HPL) as alternative to FBS
ISTANBUL — After prayers on Friday, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan stepped outside a mosque on the banks of the Bosporus here and dismissed a suggestion that Turkey should talk directly with a onetime ally, Israel, to attempt to resolve the crisis unfolding in Gaza.
“We do not have any connections in terms of dialogue with Israel,” he said.
But by Tuesday, Turkey seemed to indicate that while its strident anti-Israel posture has been popular among Arabs, it has been at its own expense, undermining its ability to play the role of regional power broker by leaving it with little leverage to intercede in the Gaza conflict. As he headed to Gaza with an Arab League delegation on Tuesday, Turkey's foreign minister, Ahmet Davutoglu, suggested to reporters that back-channel discussions had been opened with Israeli authorities.
“Turkey's new foreign policy has but one premise, to become a regional actor,” said Soner Cagaptay, a Turkey expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. “To this end, Ankara needs to have persuasive power on all countries of the region. In the past decade, Ankara has won that power with the Arabs but lost it with the Israelis.”
Turkey's stature in the Middle East has soared in recent years as it became a vocal defender of Palestinian rights and an outspoken critic of Israel and pursued a foreign policy whose intent was to become a decisive power in regional affairs. But as Gaza and Israel were once again shooting at each other, Turkey found that it had to take a back seat to Egypt on the stage of high diplomacy. The heavy lifting unfolded in Cairo under the inexperienced hand of Egypt's new president, Mohamed Morsi, whose political roots lie in the Muslim Brotherhood, the Sunni Islamist movement that helped found Hamas.
Photo
“Egypt can talk with both Hamas and Israel,” said Ersin Kalaycioglu, a professor of international politics at Istanbul's Sabanci University. “Turkey, therefore, is pretty much left with a position to support what Egypt foresees, but nothing more.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Turkey finds itself largely shut out of the central and defining Arab-Israeli conflict. On Monday, Mr. Erdoğan helped seal that reality speaking at an Islamic conference in Istanbul when he called Israel a “terrorist state.” At a parliamentary meeting on Tuesday that was broadcast on Turkish television, he said Israel was guilty of “ethnic cleansing.” Moreover, Mr. Erdoğan's stance continues to play well with his domestic constituency of conservative Muslims, making a reconciliation with Israel even more difficult, even if he were interested in winning back Turkey's seat at the negotiation table, said Paul Sullivan, a Middle East security expert at Georgetown University.
Asian countries claimed the top five spots in a global math-and-science-education ranking administered by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) while the U.S. placed 28th, below much poorer countries such as the Czech Republic and Vietnam.
Singapore ranked best in the world, with Hong Kong placing second and South Korea, Japan and Taiwan rounding out top five, reports the BBC.
At sixth, Finland is the first non-Asian country to appear in the rankings; Ghana came in last place.
“The idea is to give more countries, rich and poor, access to comparing themselves against the world's education leaders, to discover their relative strengths and weaknesses, and to see what the long-term economic gains from improved quality in schooling could be for them,” said OECD education director Andreas Schleicher.
The new rankings are different the more well-known PISA scores, which traditionally focuses on affluent nations. The latest version, based on tests taken in different regions worldwide, includes 76 countries of varying economic status.
“This is the first time we have a truly global scale of the quality of education,” said Schleicher.
Below is the top 10 as reported by the BBC.
1. Singapore
2. Hong Kong
3. South Korea
4. Japan
4. Taiwan
6. Finland
7. Estonia
8. Switzerland
9. Netherlands
10. Canada
[BBC]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
In fairness, Mr. Miller did get banged up as a rodeo cowboy before entering state government.
Still, these are the kinds of events that cause people from places like Massachusetts, Manhattan and California, not to mention England, France and Sweden, to ask us: “How can you stand to live in Texas?” Their tone usually suggests that any explanation that doesn't involve our incarceration here is indefensible.
I admit that a more positive response to this inquiry has become more difficult over time, especially since 2000, when Mr. Perry ushered in an era of government by people who, well, hate government. And it's true that occasionally my husband and I scan the local headlines — coverage of the relentless assault on Planned Parenthood comes to mind — and ask ourselves whether we should be packing up.
“Are we crazy?” is the way my husband, who is from Virginia, puts it.
There are stock responses to the criticism. Texas P.R. firms have tried them all: our amazing urban sophistication, our amazing urban diversity and let's not forget our amazing economy — at least when the oil price is high. And though we can say that we introduced America to Ted Cruz, we're not responsible for Mr. Trump.
Sticking around here was never even my plan. Growing up, I suffered with the other kids who were incapable of following a football game but had mastered “Oliver Twist” (the book, not the movie). My best friend in middle school despaired at my incompetence with hair and makeup. (“You could be so pretty if you tried.”)
So when I headed for college on the East Coast in 1972, I never intended to return. I would move to Greenwich Village after graduation, and grow red geraniums in window boxes.
In the latest cave-in to big business
Obama grants waiver on limits to out-of-pocket health costs
By Kate Randall
14 August 2013
With the deadline for the full implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) now less than five months away, news came Tuesday that yet another consumer protection provision is being delayed. Federal officials have granted a one-year grace period for insurers to adhere to limits on the out-of-pocket costs of health care for individuals and families they insure.
Caps on out-of-pocket costs have been touted as a key component of the ACA, which President Obama pledged would guarantee affordable health care for virtually every American. However, Obama administration officials have now confirmed that, at least through 2014, many insurers will be allowed to set higher limits—or no limits at all—on deductibles, co-payments and other out-of-pocket costs to be paid by the insured.
As originally written, the health care bill stipulated that out-of-pocket costs could not exceed $6,350 for an individual and $12,700 for a family, sums that are already extremely burdensome for working class families. But, as the New York Times reported yesterday, a concession to insurers and employers had already been made in February of this year. It was noted on the Department of Labor's web site, but, according to the Times, “obscured in a maze of legal and bureaucratic language that went largely unnoticed.”
The Labor Department web site's “FAQs About Affordable Care Act Implementation Part XII” reported that many group health plans will be able to apply separate out-of-pocket limits for different components of coverage. For instance, an individual could be required to pay $6,350 out of pocket for doctor visits and hospital care, and another $6,350 for prescription drugs.
For all of 2014, in group plans that currently have no limits on out-of-pocket costs for prescription drugs, there will be no requirement that insurers impose any limit whatsoever on these costs. Under conditions where cancer and other life-saving drugs can cost tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, many people will be plunged into massive debt or personal bankruptcy, or be forced to go without these medications.
In September 2009, lobbying before Congress for passage of the ACA, President Obama declared: “We will place a limit on how much you can be charged for out-of-pocket expenses because in the United States of America, no one should go broke because they get sick.” It is clear that this is precisely what the victims of this latest opt-out of compliance provided by the government will face.
These waivers have been justified by the Obama administration on the most spurious of grounds. According to the Times, “federal officials said that many insurers and employers needed more time to comply because they used separate companies to help administer major medical coverage and drug benefits,” and in many cases “companies have separate computer systems that cannot communicate with one another.”
The public is expected to believe that in the more than three years since the ACA was signed into law—with full knowledge that the law was to become fully operational in 2014—major corporations and for-profit insurers have been unable to bring their bookkeeping and technology up to speed! The cynicism is both breathtaking and predictable.
From the beginning, the Obama health care legislation has been tailored to the interests of large employers, private insurance companies and giant pharmaceuticals. All other considerations have been subordinated to the corporations' drive to cut their costs and boost their profits.
The Obama administration has complied with one demand after another from big business for waivers on the nominal protections for ordinary Americans contained in the Affordable Care Act. Just last month, the White House announced that it would delay until 2015 one of the central components of the law: the requirement that companies with 50 or more full-time employees provide insurance to those working 30 hours a week or more.
In a blog headlined “We're Listening to Businesses about the Health Care Law” posted July 2 on the White House web site, Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett wrote that for companies with more than 50 employees that “choose not to offer quality affordable coverage, we have provided as much flexibility and transition time as possible for you to move to providing affordable, quality coverage to your workers.” (Emphasis added). In light of such assurances, there is no reason to take the administration's word that any of these waivers are temporary.
For working families and the poor, however, no such flexibility has been offered. The individual mandate—which requires individuals and families to obtain insurance coverage or pay a penalty—will be rolled out without delay beginning January 1, 2014. Those who are not insured through their employer or a program like Medicare or Medicaid will be required to purchase coverage on the insurance exchanges set up under the health care bill. Modest government subsidies will be provided for those who qualify. As a result, millions of cash-paying customers will be funneled to the private insurers who sell policies on the exchanges.
Businesses are strategizing on how to comply with the ACA regulations while paying as little as possible for insurance coverage for their employees. Because the law does not require companies to provide coverage to employees who work less than 30 hours a week, some employers are cutting workers' hours. Others are holding off on hiring full-time employees.
Another loophole in the ACA, sanctioned by White House officials, will allow companies to offer their employees bare-bones “skinny plans”—which provide minimal services but may not cover hospitalizations or surgeries—and still be compliant with the law.
Examined from every angle, there is nothing remotely progressive about the Affordable Care Act. It will gouge the Medicare program, slashing $700 billion from the program for the elderly and disabled. Private insurers will reap billions from the influx of new customers on the exchanges, and there will be little oversight on what they charge for premiums.
Legislation that Obama pledged would represent “another stone firmly laid in the foundation of the American Dream” has been increasingly exposed as a massive fraud perpetrated on the American population. The aim is to establish a class-based system of health care in which the vast majority of workers and their families receive inferior, cut-rate services, while the wealthy reception the best care money can buy.
The health care system cannot be “reformed” in the interests of ordinary Americans under conditions where it is dominated by corporations and subordinated to the drive for private profit. Universal, quality health care requires that profit be removed and the health care system placed on socialist foundations. The entire industry—insurance companies, the pharmaceuticals and health care chains—must be nationalized and transformed into public utilities under the democratic control of working people.
Four men who styled themselves as the "musketeers" and plotted a knife and bomb attack have been sentenced to life in prison.
Naweed Ali and Khobaib Hussain, from Birmingham, and Mohibur Rahman and Tahir Aziz, from Stoke-on-Trent, were found guilty of preparing terrorist acts.
Ali, 29, Hussain, 25, and Rahman, 33, were given life sentences and ordered to serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars.
Aziz, 38, was also sentenced to life in jail, with a minimum term of 15 years due to his lesser part in the plot.
He was the only one of the four present in the dock as the sentences were announced and was said to be "devastated" at being found guilty.
Musketeer terror gang had pipe bomb
The four men were arrested in August last year after counter-terror police found a pipe bomb described as "viable" in one of the group's car.
The group denied preparing an attack, claiming that the evidence was planted by an undercover police officer called Vincent, the boss of a fake firm called Hero Couriers.
During Ali's first day working at the firm last August, police went to bug his car and found the bomb alongside ammunition, an imitation handgun and a meat cleaver with the word "kafir" - meaning non-believer - scratched into the blade.
Vincent repeatedly rejected the allegations against him over 12 days of cross-examination.
Jurors at the Old Bailey agreed with him and convicted all four men of preparing terrorist acts.
West Midlands Police have been unable to identify where the men had planned to detonate the bomb.
Image: The meat cleaver found in Ali's car
Ali, Hussain and Rahman met inside HMP Belmarsh in southeast London, where they were serving time for terrorist-related convictions.
Azir, who was found with a large sword stashed in his car, was recruited to the plot later.
During sentencing, Mr Justice Globe noted that the trial came amid four separate attacks in Britain.
He said: "These attacks demonstrate in stark form the carnage that can be created by different types of terrorist attack that can be carried out with a vehicle, explosives and loaded weapons."
He said that if it had not been for the actions of the police and security services "there would have been not dissimilar terrorist acts in this country using at the very least the explosives and or one or more bladed weapons".
File photo - Faf du Plessis was fined 50% of his match fee © AFP
South Africa batsman Faf du Plessis has pleaded guilty to the charge of ball-tampering and been fined 50% of his match fee although the team management have called the references to tampering "harsh".
The match referee David Boon said that du Plessis' actions warranted the charge being brought against him, but also said that he was satisfied that it "was not part of a deliberate and/or prolonged attempt to unfairly manipulate the condition of the ball."
South Africa decided not to challenge the charge because of fear over a strong punishment. In their first comment on the controversy Mohammad Moosajee, the team manager, read out a statement: "As a team we proceeded not to contest it...because as per the ICC regulations a full hearing could lead to more severe punitive measure which could include a heftier fine or even a match ban."
South Africa denied claims of ball tampering on the third day when AB de Villiers said "we are not cheats," and continued to do so after the verdict was handed down. "Faf showed no intent to change the conditions of the ball. It is harsh to term it ball tampering," Moosajee read. "It was done inadvertently to dry the ball."
When Graeme Smith was asked if he thought du Plessis' actions tainted South Africa's series-levelling win in any way, his answer was limited to a single word. "No."
An ICC release said: "Before the start of fourth day's play on Saturday, David Boon of the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Match Referees handed the fine to du Plessis who had pleaded guilty on Friday evening."
Boon said: "I am satisfied that the player's actions warranted the umpires applying clause 42.1.1 of the ICC Test Match Playing Conditions, including the laying of a charge under the ICC Code of Conduct against Mr du Plessis in respect of changing the condition of the ball. After discussions with Mr du Plessis, he has elected not to contest that charge, but I am also satisfied that this was not part of a deliberate and/or prolonged attempt to unfairly manipulate the condition of the ball, and that the imposition of a fine of 50 per cent of his match fee is appropriate considering the circumstances."
The incident occurred two overs after tea on the third day, before the start of the 31st over, following television visuals of du Plessis rubbing the ball near the zipper of his trouser pocket. The TV umpire brought it to the attention of the on-field umpires Ian Gould and Rod Tucker, who called Graeme Smith over for a chat and subsequently changed the ball and awarded a five-run penalty against South Africa, sanctions that are consistent with the penalty for unlawfully changing the condition of the ball.
Du Plessis was charged with an article 2.2.9 offence of the ICC Code of Conduct which relates to "changing the condition of the ball in breach of Law 42.3 of the Laws of Cricket, as modified by ICC Standard Test Match, ODI and Twenty20 International Match Playing Conditions clause 42.1".
Some South African players - JP Duminy after play on the third day and Vernon Philander before play on the fourth - had said they thought there was nothing amiss with the condition of the ball when it was changed.
Penalties for offences such as du Plessis' under Level 2 of the ICC's code of conduct can range from a fine of 50% to 100% of a player's match fee to suspensions for one Test, two ODIs or two T20Is.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Pabitra Roy's SUV at the police station. Picture by Surajit Roy
Malda, Dec. 27: Two boys in Malda today died when a Trinamul rural leader fired from inside his car to scare away a mob that was chasing his SUV minutes after it had knocked down a cyclist.
Pabitra Roy, the Englishbazar Trinamul panchayat samiti chief, was arrested this evening.
One of the two boys, 19-year-old Ashim Mondal, was playing cricket while Rahul Paswan, 17, was nearby when both heard people shouting and rushed to see what had happened. Eyewitnesses said that someone rolled down the windows of the car and fired. Ashim died on the spot. Rahul died in Jangipur, Murshidabad, when he was being brought to Calcutta for treatment. Both boys had suffered head wounds.
Before his arrest, Roy spoke over phone, trying to defend his act of shooting as self-defence. He said people had started throwing stones at his car when it was about a kilometre from Malda town. He said some people fired at the Mahindra Bolero, a claim that could not be confirmed with police.
"My vehicle had hit a cyclist after which some locals attacked it. Stones and bricks were thrown at the vehicle and several people, among them a number of drunks, encircled my car. Even bullets were fired at me. I was forced to fire in self-defence from my gun," he said.
Trinamul sources said Roy possessed a licensed gun, which he had acquired about four months ago.
Asked why he did not fire blanks to deter the mob, Roy did not reply.
Sources said that around 3.30pm today, the SUV (bearing number WB65 B5740 and a red plate that had "sabhapati" written on it), hit a cyclist in Kulipara More in the Baghbari area, about a kilometre from the town. The cyclist was injured.
"Local people started chasing the car and stopped it half a kilometre from the accident spot. As they approached the vehicle, someone inside the SUV rolled down the rear window and started firing," a police source said.
"The people ran helter-skelter but two persons suffered bullet wounds. One of them died on the spot," the police source said. The SUV sped away.
Residents informed Englishbazar police station.
After some time, the police found out that the SUV was parked outside Englishbazar police station. Its windscreen was partially cracked, said an officer.
The two injured boys, Ashim Mondal, 19, and Rahul Paswan, 17, were taken to Malda Medical College and Hospital. Doctors declared Ashim dead and late at night said Rahul should be taken to Calcutta for treatment.
Ashim's family said the boy was playing cricket minutes before. "My son was playing cricket nearby. As some locals raised the alarm, he ran to see what had happened. Somebody in the vehicle started firing. My son was hit in the head and died," Rabina, Ashim's mother, said.
Arjun, Rahul's brother, said when "people gave the SUV a chase, my brother ran with them. He was shot in the head."
A police officer said that eyewitnesses told them bullets were fired from both the rear windows.
"We are trying to find out whether there was anybody else in the vehicle and whether they were carrying more than one firearm, that is, other than the gun of the sabhapati," the officer said.
Prasun Banerjee, the Malda superintendent of police, said: " Roy will be produced in court tomorrow."
Moazzem Hossain, the Malda district Trinamul president, said the party "will not intervene in the issue in any manner".
Police officers said Roy's driver had parked the vehicle at the police station and left.
The Russian government is getting into the business of commercial planes. The Russian United Aircraft Corporation (UAC), which is majority owned by the government, has just unveiled the MC-21 300, which it boasts will be a rival to the best planes coming out of commercial aerospace, like the Airbus A320neo and the Boeing 737Max.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev praised the plane, which will complete certification in 2017, at a fancy reception in Siberia. He called the plane "cool," and urged that Russia become an elite player in aerospace.
Western sanctions against Russia have led to increasing calls for domestic production, and the MC-21 300 stands to be a shining role model. The plane has Russian-built turbofans and Russian-built avionics. While the plane has gone through delays, there was no sense of caution in Medvedev's speech.
"I only want to say that I am absolutely certain that the airliner will be the pride of Russian civil aviation, and that our citizens and foreign people will take pleasure in flights on MC-21," he said. We'll see!
Source: The Guardian
No. Nooo. Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo way. Destructoid writer but not X-Files creator Chris Carter (who is probably incredibly bored of that reference) has been doing a bit of maths, which immediately makes him a more capable human being than I am. The purpose of this mathleticism was to collate all the disparate bits of DLC, pre-order bonus, unlocks and whatnot available for the upcoming marketing monolith that is Mass Effect 3, and just how much it'd cost someone to lay hands on the whole shebang. Take a seat before you read the next line.
$870/£550/€650. Whaaaat.
It must, however, be pointed out that much of that horror-price stems from having to buy bonus code-sporting hardware such as special gamepads, keyboards and headsets, or Mass Effect 3 merch such as multiple action figures and iPhone cases.
And most of what it gets you in-game is just weapon variations, skins and multiplayer unlocks, rather than ‘real' content. Not stuff you'll actually need, in other words, depending on how much you care about being King Big Balls in multiplayer. Apparently, each additional code you get for the Collector's Assault Rifle (available with assorted Razer hardware) further boosts its power in multiplayer, which makes for a fairly vague concept of completism and presumably suffers from diminishing returns.
Even so – this is a sign of just how darkly convoluted and fragmented modern gaming purchases have become. The full breakdown of all the DLC and the necessary purchases is over yonder.
SAFE.PNG
(Birmingham Police)
Excited about selling your old sofa or your grandmother's dishes on Craigslist, but afraid of who might be on the other end of that transaction? Leery about delivering a large amount of cash to the woman selling an authentic designer purse on your favorite Facebook trading site?
The Birmingham Police Department is stepping up to help.
Police officials on Thursday designated the downtown headquarters on First Avenue North, and the city's West Precinct, as a "Meetup Spot" - a safe zone or "internet purchase exchange location."
It is a move that many police departments around the country have made following some high-profile crimes involving online trading deals.
The department is partnering with OfferUp, an online marketplace, which as a program aimed at helping law enforcement provide safe places for community members to conduct transactions, said Sgt. Bryan Shelton.
The signs will be placed in areas that are well-lit and monitored by surveillance cameras and police. The goal, Shelton said, is to make sure internet exchanges go smoothly.
"Meeting people for the first time can be unsettling, especially if it's someone from the internet,'' he said. "With these signs and this program, we feel we are able to provide a place where both buyers and sellers can meet that both can trust."
The meeting spots at headquarters and the West Precinct are either at the front entrance or inside the lobby. Shelton said transactions at headquarter - 1701 First Ave. North -should always be conducted during normal daytime hours. The lobby of the West Precinct - 2236 47th Street Ensley - is open 24 hours a day, but after-hours transactions are discouraged.
While the department is teaming up with OfferUp on this project, Shelton said, anyone who needs a safe meeting spot for any trading site is welcome at the two locations. They plan to add more locations in the future.
"Even with good lighting and cameras, it's always best to meet up during daytime hours,'' Shelton said. "Technology should not be a substitute for caution or sound judgement."
Editor: God states that seven kings must come before the rise of the Antichrist. Revelations 17:10 says the seventh king will reign for a short amount of time. Is Barack Obama the seventh king?
Editor: God states that seven kings must come before the rise of the Antichrist. Revelations 17:10 says the seventh king will reign for a short amount of time. Is Barack Obama the seventh king?
Obama has passed laws to kill more innocent people than anyone in the past. Obama's laws are on abortion and medication allow children to kill children and kill millions of children yearly with our tax dollars. Obama passes his own laws without any laws being enforced in the U.S. Constitution to stop his actions. Obama funds America's enemies with our money.
Obama's lifted sanctions off Iran with promises that a peace treaty will be made but does nothing to inspect Iran as they continue to make nuclear weapons. Does Obama already know Iran's actions and is helping Iran? God says Israel must be attacked by Iran to start a war between all nations before the Antichrist can rise to create a peace treaty between these nations. Everything God said is happening. The Lord can return for God's children at anytime.
Obama's releasing terrorists from Gitmo so they can go back to doing the same thing again. Obama won't call this Islamic terrorism. States also have no-go zones of Islamists teaching their followers how to attack people. Obama believes this is their religious right. This is to come also in these last days. Will this belief be used to create a one-world government?
Radical Islamists show you either follow them or be killed. Christ said only those who remain faithful and endureth until the end are saved. It's going to be this world's choice.
Obama has done nothing to help anyone unless it helps him hurt other people. Obama doesn't want to protect America and nations like Israel. Obama's given more rights unto the millions of illegal immigrants and anyone entering America than any U.S. citizen. Obama did this to divide America and other nations to make them easier for these terrorists to enter.
Who and what is Barack Obama? Obama claims nobody can stop him or change anything he's done. This evil must come to pass before the Lord's return and the rise of the Antichrist, but you better know what evil you're dealing with. Nobody is promised another minute of life upon this earth, and judgment comes at the time of your death.
Many supports and stand behind Obama no matter what he does. All these people will stand with Obama in judgment also. Christ promises to spew every lukewarm soul out of his mouth. This means very few will enter heaven, because they show no faith by fighting against the sins of this world daily.
Should Christianity, God's words or all other beliefs be trusted in these last days? Many Christian beliefs today aren't God's words, because they support the sins of this world. No hypocrite will enter heaven.
Boyd W. Thomas
Welcome
ARK, a decentralized digital asset token, is partnering with Ledger, a cryptocurrency hardware wallet, in an attempt to boost the token adoption. The project has long been a focus of both the groups and has finally released on July 28, 2017.
ARK is an advanced blockchain-based decentralized digital asset token that is aimed towards getting mass consumer adoption. ARK's great abilities are based on unique features such as SmartBridge Technology, which lets it communicate with other blockchains. The Encoded listeners listen to the communication sent over ARK SmartBridge service provider fields. The same technology can also be used for other coins such as Ethereum, bitcoins and also for SmartBridge apps.
Ledger, on the other hand, is the cryptocurrency hardware wallet that is used for saving the cryptographic assets and securing the digital payments such as ARK, Bitcoin, and other altcoins. Being able to connect to any computer (USB), it has a secure OLED display for cross-checking and verifying all the transactions with a single tap.
Ledger Nano S brings enhanced security, making sure that private keys are impossible to be exposed. The device separates sensitive operations in a closed state of the art Secure Element, locked by a PIN code. All transactions within wallet are fully tamperproof, and can be verified physically on an embedded screen very easily.
What's special about this integration?
This integration will make ARK the 10th cryptocurrency in the world that is secured by this great hardware. Ledger enhances security measures as well as the ability for the users to save their ARK safely, along with other mainstream cryptocurrencies.
The integration has also made ARK the first Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) blockchain and the first JavaScript blockchain to include native integration in the Ledger Hardware Wallet. The ARK-desktop and ARK-mobile wallets are also compatible with Ledger wallet, and are BIP32 compliant.
High Security & Compatibility
Ledger wallet users can generate HD wallets having enhanced security without facing any passphrase to get out of the Ledger device. After complete compatibility with Ledger Hardware wallet is experienced, Ledger Hardwar Wallet support will also be extended to ARK's Desktop and Mobile wallets, instructing them to sign their transactions if the ledger account is synchronized with ARK wallets.
The further inventions by ARK in future, such as ARK cloned network, ARK test-net/dev-net and ARK fork, will also be compatible with Ledger. ARK support on Ledger Nano S and Ledger Blue is open to public on July 28, 2017.
To know more about the partnership, please check https://ark.io/whitepaper
Forty five years ago, D.B. Cooper made his famous leap from hijacked airliner over the forests of the Pacific Northwest with two-hundred thousand dollars cash and a parachute. He was never seen again. Or was he? A long running theory names Richard McCoy, a man arrested in Provo for a similar crime, as the real D.B. Cooper. Courtesy: FOX 13
IT IS a case too baffling for the most experienced investigators in America.
But even after the FBI shut the book on the mysterious case of DB Cooper, armchair detectives have refused to give up the search for answers.
They've continued to investigate who this well-dressed businessman was, why he hijacked a US domestic flight 45 years ago, and how he then disappeared without a trace.
And now they've stumbled across an exciting new lead.
Three scientists that are part of a citizen investigation into the case have revealed their analysis on a necktie likely left behind by Cooper when he jumped out of a Boeing 727 jet in 1971, could narrow down the hijacker's elusive identity, and blow the now-closed case — the only unsolved hijacking in America's history — wide open.
THE HIJACKING
The man known as DB Cooper boarded a Seattle-bound Northwest Orient Airlines flight in Portland, Oregon, on November 24, 1971. He had a suitcase with him and sat in seat 18E.
Aged in his 40s and dressed in a smart business suit, Cooper calmly ordered a bourbon, lit a cigarette, and put on dark sunglasses. Shortly after takeoff, he handed a note to the flight attendant nearest to him, 23-year-old Florence Schaffner, which said the aircraft was being hijacked and Cooper had a bomb in his suitcase.
Cooper sat next to a terrified Schaffner and detailed his demands: four parachutes, a fuel truck on standby at Seattle airport — where the plane was headed — and a second flight to Mexico City. He also demanded $200,000 in cash, estimated to be about $A1.6 million today.
Cooper opened his suitcase to reveal what Schaffner would later describe as a battery and eight red cylinders with wires attached.
The attendant relayed Cooper's demands to the flight crew, and the crew informed the police. As the plane approached Seattle, the FBI rushed to meet each of Cooper's demands.
Then things took another unexpected turn. After the Boeing jet touched down at Seattle airport, Cooper allowed the 36 other passengers and some crew members to disembark. He stayed on the plane and told the pilot to fly him to Mexico, slowly, while remaining below 10,000 feet.
As the jet crept its way towards Reno, Nevada, for a planned fuel stop en route to Mexico, Cooper opened a rear door and, with the $200,000 cash and a parachute, jumped out.
THE FUTILE INVESTIGATION
In the 45 years since that event, no trace of Cooper's body has been found, fuelling speculation he survived the jump.
Hundreds of theories emerged over the years. Some people said Cooper was a former paratrooper. Various families claimed Cooper was their relative. Someone pointed out the entire hijacking was eerily similar to the events of a 1963 French comic called Dan Cooper.
For a while the primary suspect was John List, who murdered his whole family days before the hijacking. Other former suspects included a Vietnam veteran-turned-Catholic priest, a transgender mechanic, and a leather worker posthumously accused by his niece.
In 1980 a young boy digging in sand north of Portland unearthed bundles of cash that matched the serial numbers of Cooper's ransom money. The cult status surrounding Cooper grew, but the mystery remained.
“The fascination with Cooper has survived not because of the FBI investigation, but because he was able to do something that not only captured the public imagination, but also maintained a sense of mystery in the world,” author Geoffrey Gray wrote in his book Skyjack: The Hunt for DB Cooper.
But no theory nor claim could confirm who Cooper was, why he hijacked the flight, and if he survived his daring jump.
In July last year, after “one of the longest and most exhaustive investigations in our history”, the FBI admitted defeat.
“During the course of the 45-year [hijacking] investigation, the FBI exhaustively reviewed all credible leads, co-ordinated between multiple field offices to conduct searches, collected all available evidence, and interviewed all identified witnesses,” the bureau said.
“Although the FBI appreciated the immense number of tips provided by members of the public, none to date have resulted in a definitive identification of the hijacker.”
America's most experienced investigators had abandoned the case, but its armchair detectives refused to give up.
THE NEW DEVELOPMENT
This week, scientists working for Citizen Sleuths — a group that took up its own investigation into the Cooper case in 2007 — claimed they had a breakthrough.
For the past decade, Citizen Sleuths have been working away on the case, publishing their exhaustive research online.
Key members of the Citizen Sleuths team are scientists, including principal investigator Tom Kaye, a palaeontologist and spectroscopy specialist, as well as experts in optical miscrosopy, metallurgical engineering and biological illustration.
Their work has attracted the attention of an impressed FBI, which some years ago let them examine clues, including a tie.
The black, JC Penney clip-on necktie had been left behind on Cooper's seat — 18E.
And that tie, the citizen sleuths said, has given them a solid clue about the man's identity.
“A tie is one of the only articles of clothing that isn't washed on a regular basis,” the group explained on their website.
“It picks up dirt and grime just like any other piece of clothing, but that accumulation never truly gets ‘reset' in the washing machine. Each of those particles comes from something and somewhere and can tell a story if the proper instruments like electron microscopes are used.”
The scientists used a powerful electron microscope to find more than 100,000 particles of “rare earth elements” on the tie, including pure titanium, which most caught their eye.
They said titanium was a rare metal in 1971, and linked Cooper to a “limited number of managers or engineers in the titanium field that would wear ties to work”.
Based on this finding, the scientists said they believed Cooper worked for Boeing — the maker of the very plane he hijacked.
At the time, Boeing happened to be working on a Super Sonic Transport plane that used those elements.
“The tie went with him into these manufacturing environments, for sure, so he was not one of the people running these [manufacturing machines],” the group's lead researcher, Tom Kaye, told Seattle's King 5 News.
“He was either an engineer or a manager in one of the plants.”
The group is now asking for public help to develop their theory Cooper was a Boeing employee.
They've detailed the list of found particles on their website and hope other citizen investigators detectives can help piece together the mystery of DB Cooper.
“Someone may be able to look at those particles and say ‘Oh my gosh. I know what that means having those particles on the tie',” Kaye said.
The FBI has said it would preserve evidence from the case at its Washington, DC headquarters but won't act on further tips unless Cooper's money or parachutes were found.
In the meantime, another amateur sleuth is working away on the case — Geoffrey Gray, who wrote the book about the Cooper hijacking mystery in 2011.
He has made published hundreds of FBI files related to the case his online magazine True Ink in the hope opening the case to the public would help finally solve the baffling case.
“We're trying to solve one of the greatest unsolved mysteries of our time,” he said. “And we need your help.”
DISTRIBUIE
Investiţia de 15 milioane de euro va fi funcţională în primul semestru din 2018. Clădirea de pe Calea Dorobanţilor va fi ridicată de bancherul clujean Horia Ciorcilă şi închiriată de reţeaua Regina Maria.
„Clujul are competenţe medicale importante la nivel naţional şi dispune şi de profesioniştii necesari; ceea ce aducem noi de la Bucureşti sunt certificările internaţionale. Avem mai multe unităţi medicale cu acreditări americane şi europene, iar tot acest proces foarte costisitor constă în verificări, inspecţii inopinate, auditări, reacreditări. Dacă nu menţii un nivel de calitate, îţi pierzi certificarea”, a explicat, la Cluj, Fady Chreih, CEO al reţelei de sănătate.
Primul spital cu servicii integrate din oraş va dispune de o suprafaţă de 7.000 mp, va ocupa şapte niveluri: parter, patru etaje supraterane, două subterane, având maternitate, secţii de chirurgie pentru adulţi şi copii, imagistică şi laborator, ambulatoriu mutidisciplinar. Aici vor lucra 300 de oameni, dintre care 150 medici. Conducerea reţelei estimează că 60% dintre pacienţi vor fi clujeni şi 40%, din zona Transilvaniei.
Unde faci un spital: în centru sau la periferie?
„Am decis să facem spitalul în centru şi nu într-un cartier pentru că, dacă un copil va putea fi adus de părinte la spital în 20 de minute, este mai greu să aduci un medic să lucreze la periferie. În plus vom avea şi un call center, ai cărui angajaţi sunt interesaţi să poată veni cu transportul în comun.
Medicii vor fi recrutaţi atât din spitalele de stat, cât şi din mediul privat. Am semnat deja cu10 chirurgi renumiţi din Cluj, însă vom avea specialişti şi din Satu Mare, Baia Mare, Zalău care au terminat aici Universitatea de Medicină şi Farmacie.
Avem inclusiv medici români care vin din Germania, Franţa, Italia, însă trebuie să ne preocupe mai mult menţinerea aici a celor din ţară decât aducerea în România a medicilor plecaţi în străinătate, mult mai greu de realizat, din moment ce majoritatea s-au integrat deja în acele ţări”, spune Chreih.
Metroul de Cluj, din nou pe tapet
Managerul reţelei consideră că zona Clujului poate deveni atractivă pentru industria medicală. „Noi nu am fi luat decizia de a înfiinţa aici un spital dacă reţeaua nu era prezentă de nouă ani. În afară de sectorul IT, care trebuie să aibă un nivel şi mai ridicat, Clujul ar mai trebui să aibă un sector de dezvoltare, de exemplu producţie industrială.
Nu văd un viitor aici pentru centrele de servicii externalizate, deoarece Clujul va deveni un oraş prea scump pentru aşa ceva. Aici trebuie create condiţiile pentru un oraş de 1 milion de locuitori, adică infrastructura care să permită această dezvoltare. Dacă ar avea şase noi cartiere în afară şi metrou dintr-o dată s-ar decongestiona oraşul”.
Reţeaua Regina Maria are la Cluj alţi 300 de angajaţi în policlinici, laboratoare, centre medicale, la care se vor adăuga cei din nou spital. Ea reuneşte la nivel naţional 4.500 de angajaţi şi colaboratori în 39 de locaţii şi dispune de patru spitale, trei centre de spitalizare de zi, două maternităţi, opt campusuri medicale, 11 centres de imagistică, 20 de laboratoare de analiză.
Aceasta are 2,2 milioane de pacienţi şi un portofoliu de 430.000 de abonamente medicale. După achiziţiile din 2017 ale serviciului de ambulanţă privată Prompt URG şi laboratorului Santomar, Regina Maria va atinge o cifră de afaceri anuală de 120 de milioane de euro.
While addressing battle rap during his interview with Elliott Wilson of CRWN this week, Ab-Soul was asked to share his thoughts on the rap collective, Slaughterhouse.
According to Vibe.com, Soulo praised the group for being “the most rapping-est” artists out and was later asked about the possibility of a battle between Slaughterhouse and those in Black Hippy.
“Them Slaughterhouse niggas are the best rappers for sure…The most rapping-est…Them niggas rap…I'm with it! I told all of them I'm with it,” Ab-Soul said when asked about the possibility of a battle between Slaughterhouse and Black Hippy.
And in regards to his battle with Daylyt on his newly-released album These Days…, Soul says Daylyt's “electricity” and “battle stance took” the win.
“Battle rapping is like boxing,” he said. “I smoke a lot of weed, drink and do all these things. Daylyt is clean. He keeps electricity. He's like a boxer. He's charged. So, when you're listening to the battle whether you dig my bars or not I feel personally his electricity is what took it. His battle stance took it versus my cool words.”
During his CRWN interview, Soul explained the inspiration behind the cover art for These Days… He revealed that Jesus is one of “the most popular characters these days.” The Black Hippy lyricist also spoke on KRS-One's influence and the Bronx, New York rapper making Hip Hop a religion.
“Jesus has been the most popular character these days– these days in music,” Soul said, according to Vibe.com. “I think I have been hearing the Gods are back and all these type of religious references and what not. Yeezus…Jesus is probably the most famous man in the world…KRS-One made hip hop a religion. It's intelligent movement. To be hip is to be intelligent. Hip Hop is a movement, intelligent movement. That's KRS-One. So I'm still trying to push that issue.”
In addition to discussing his These Days… cover art, KRS-One influence, a potential Slaughterhouse versus Black Hippy battle, Ab-Soul also discussed Nas, Jay Electronica, and more during his CRWN interview.
(September 18, 2014)
RELATED: Video from Ab-Soul's CRWN interview has been released.
It is as follows:
RELATED: Ab-Soul Announces “These Days Tour” Dates
Notorious American AOL spammer Jeremy Jaynes had his nine year federal prison sentence overturned today, when Virginia's high court ruled the state's tough "anti-spam" law violates the First Amendment right to free speech.
The court unanimously agreed Virginia's anti-spam law is "unconstitutionally overbroad" because it bans all unsolicited bulk email with false or misleading originating addresses, both commercial and noncommercial.
The law considers unsolicited bulk email a felony if more than 10,000 recipients are mailed in a 24-hour period.
Justice Steven Agee wrote in today's ruling that the state law violates "the right to engage in anonymous speech, particularly anonymous political or religious speech" protected by the First Amendment.
Agee added that "were the Federalist Papers just being published today via e-mail, that transmission by PubliAus would violate the statute."
"Publius" was used as a pseudonym in 1787 and 1788 by Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay to argue for ratification of the US Constitution.
Jaynes, a resident of North Carolina, was convicted in 2004 of three counts of junk email offenses by spamming tens of thousands of AOL users by means of a stolen database containing around 100 million addresses. He was once rated as the eighth worst spammer in the world by the anti-spam firm Spamhouse and is the first American to be convicted of a felony for sending unsolicited bulk email.
Because his spamming campaign flooded AOL's servers, Jaynes was prosecuted in Virginia, where the internet provider is headquartered.
In 2005, Jaynes was sentenced to nine years in prison under Virginia's anti-spam law. Prosecutors claimed Jaynes made nearly $24 million in sales from his spamming operation.
His conviction was affirmed by a Virginia Appeals Court decisions in 2006 when it determined trespassing on private computer networks through intentional misrepresentation merited no First Amendment protection.
Virginia Attorney General Bob McDonnell told the AP he was disappointed the state Supreme Court overturned both previous rulings and said he would take the issue to the US Supreme Court.
Even if Virginia's anti-spam law is invalidated, Jaynes's commercial spam would still violate the federal CAN-SPAM Act. However, the law cannot apply to Jaynes because it was adopted after the emails in question were sent. ®
Rapper and poet Dessa joined me over the phone for Composer Quest Episode 21, in the midst of her nationwide tour (SXSW, New Orleans, Nashville, etc.). I was honored to talk with Dessa about her creative process of writing and arranging hip hop songs. In this episode, we get a glimpse behind the scenes of Castor, the Twin, which features more tender jazz arrangements of her original beat-based songs produced by the Doomtree crew.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Right click to download Ep. 21, or open in iTunes.
Episode Soundtrack
For more of Dessa's music, visit doomtree.net/dessa. You should also say hi to her on Facebook and Twitter.
Subscribe to Composer Quest
An Israeli biotech company is developing a vaccine for cancer that it says can help prevent the return of the lethal disease for 90% of the different types of cancer.
Vaxil BioTherapeutics based in Nes Ziona has been developing ImMucin for more than five years, and already has seen strong success in testing indicating it can be a vital tool in combating cancer. The disease kills eight million people worldwide per year, and sees 14 million new cases diagnosed annually according to the World Health Organization.
"Vaxil is developing a drug to keep the cancer from coming back," Vaxil's CFO Julian Levy told NoCamels. "We are trying to harness the natural power of the immune system to fight against cancer by seeking out cancer cells and destroying them."
ImMucin is not intended to replace chemotherapy or other traditional cancer treatments, but rather is meant to halt the development of the disease at less intense periods of the process, during early stages of detection and remission.
Remarking on the concept of a cancer vaccine, Levy said "many preventative cancer vaccines today are not actual vaccines against cancer. Young women can take a vaccine for the HPV virus, which doesn't combat cancer; it's a vaccine against a virus that has been proven to lead to a more serious cervical cancer."
So how does ImMucin work?
The vaccine stimulates a certain part of the immune system, developing it to attack specific cells with markers indicating cancer. When used in early stages of cancer, the vaccine is expected to train the immune system to destroy the right cells as cancer develops and fight the disease.
Until last January the company focused its experiments on Multiple Myeloma patients, but then shifted to breast cancer patients. It may be some time before the vaccine sees its way onto the market though, with Levy expecting a release by 2020 at the latest.
Third file in the series is about aKm, the flex DPS player of Rogue with data collected from Winstonslab for the Overwatch PIT NA tournament.
The right man for the job
Dylan “aKm” Bignet is one of the 4 players that build the core of Rogue, alongside Winz (his brother), KnoXXX & Unkoe. He's an expert on hitscan heroes like McCree, Widowmaker & Soldier76 and after the November patches, he also started to fly in the skies with Pharah, the only projectile hero he plays. In other words, he's the one player in the DPS department of Rogue that plays whatever the team needs composition-wise to get the upper hand on a map/gamemode.
In the Overwatch PIT NA he had the highest Average Kills/10 mins of all of Rogue's DPS players, standing at the top with 11.2 deaths on average per 10 mins of playtime. Although, his PTK (percentage of team's kills) wasn't always as high as SoOn's, he's the second in-line in terms of securing kills in the team for that tournament.
“I can do this with my eyes closed”
In this file of his, I examined his Soldier76 performance from that tournament, because it was the hero that he played the most, 77% of his time with over 4.5 hours on him. Interestingly enough, his average kills/10 mins on that hero is almost identical to his tournament's average kills/10mins, which means that his performance on the other heroes had little effect on that.
In terms of pick rates, one will see that only Pharah's pickrate is having significant peaks, especially in the game against LG Loyal. The explanation is pretty simple and it is directly related to the maps they played in that match: Ilios & King's Row. Especially on Ilios, he always picks his Pharah due to the layout of the sub maps that favors aerial combat and approaches. But, he also tends to pick Pharah on King's Row's 1st & 2nd phases.
So, the way the maps are selected in a tournament format can have direct impact on a player's performance due to him having to go for certain picks that can secure fewer kills, per se. Keep this in mind.
His Widowmaker pick rate is also affected by the maps they play on. It's almost an insta-lock hero for him when they play on the Ruins submap of Ilios and he can maybe bring her out on Assault maps. Apart from these cases, it's really unlikely to see him playing her. Especially for that tournament, Rogue played no Assault map at all.
“Tag ‘em and bag ‘em”
Soldier76 can register kills in the killfeed with 4 different ways: Bodyshots, Headshots, Helix Rockets and Tactical Visor. In aKm's case in Overwatch PIT NA, the majority of kills came from Bodyshots and Tactical Visor ones. In one match, against Team Liquid in the Group Phase, he had as many Bodyshots as Tactical Visor ones.
As we saw in NiCO's case, a drop in his stats is witnessed when he has close or more than 50% of playtime on another hero for a specific match. In the match against LG Loyal, where he played mostly Pharah, his Soldier76 stats are below average and it's the only case where he has slightly more Tactical Visor kills than Bodyshots. This leads me again to believe that a player does much better on a hero (stats-wise) the more time he plays him in a match and low pick rates are messing up stats to a certain degree.
In Soldier76′s case, Helix Rockets kills are probably the differentiating factor between different players. Headshots, with the consistent but not “bursty” damage output of Soldier76, can't be considered a really big factor even if there is a peak at some point that exceeds kills made with Tactical Visor or Helix Rockets.
“Tactical Necessity”
In the Tactical Visor department, the value aKm gets out of it is really inconsistent. His average value is 90%, almost close to 1 kill /1 Tactical Visor. However, for an Ultimate like Tactical Visor this is not great.
Tactical Visor is closer to Dragonblade in terms of Ultimate value instead of Pulse Bomb, meaning that it has potential to secure more than 2 kills per activation. And still, that's not always the case. His lowest performance value was 40%, which translates to him not even securing 1 kill / 2 Tactical Visors used in a game. Sometimes, though, this can be explained by the quality of opposition they face and the fact that Rogue's composition can secure so many kills without Ultimates.
Comparing the team's last two games in the tournament, the Bo5 ones, to his mean Tactical Visor performance value, we see that his performance in those games is closer to his mean performance. This probably is a hint that Bo5 games actually give us better insight, since they provide more data. One should not forget that time banks in the game are dynamic and most aspects of the game are evaluated over time, rather than in absolute numbers.
Mode of Operation
Because of his Flex role in the team, aKm's mode of operation on Soldier76 is not as crystal clear as SoOn's on Tracer and NiCOGDH's on Genji.
One of the things that I have seen aKm do many times and it partially explains why his Ultimate Value is relatively low compared to what one would expect, is that he activates his Ultimate after the team's two other DPS players have unloaded theirs. In some cases, he does so in order to close a fight, but in another cases it's an overcommitment and they eventually lose the fight as well. [In the images below, Rogue is the blue team]
Tactical Visor value is affected in two ways by using the Ultimate later in the fight and after other two DPS ultimates were already used:
a) There are fewer kills to secure, if the other two Ultimates did their work.
b) Tactical Visor is not a “burst damage” based Ultimate and therefore it can't really execute players straightaway, unless they are already low on health.
As far as stunning performances go, he had one in their game against LG Loyal on Ilios, but he was playing Pharah. He essentially won the 2 first fights almost by himself by securing one kill after the other. He doesn't really stand out on Soldier76 that much, when it comes to carrying fights single-handedly, but this doesn't mean that he underperforms in any case. So, although he has devoted most of his time on Soldier76, I would be cautious of his Pharah play a lot more. It's a hidden threat.
Closing thoughts
In NiCOGDH's case, his hero picks were affecting his tournament stats a lot more than aKm's hero picks, because the latter was switching roles within the DPS category instead of swapping between DPS and Tank. In aKm's case, the evaluation of only Soldier76 can't paint the whole picture of his performance. Pharah has been a really crucial pick for Rogue and especially on maps that she shines on, his performance peaks above the rest.
The tournament format also affects all the above, alongside patch changes. The comparison with APEX S3 will tell us a lot more about each player's performance and this is why I focused solely on Rogue for my first test.
Stay tuned for more next level analysis.
– Karahol
Share. We delve inside Valve's incredible virtual economy and meet the fans who make a living from it. We delve inside Valve's incredible virtual economy and meet the fans who make a living from it.
At the end of a Dota 2 match the scoreboard pops up over the exploding ancient, and you're given a chance to drift your eyes over the stats of each player; how much experience they were earning every minute, how many kills they got, which items they opted for. It's interesting enough, but it's not why people stick around instead of just disconnecting. What holds their attention is a scattered handful of gifts handed out at random among the ten players of each match. Sometimes you'll get nothing, other times an exceedingly rare mythical item: perhaps a new courier to ferry items between you and the base, or an excellent hairstyle for Invoker, the master of wizardry.
Now almost three years into its beta, Dota 2 has a department store's worth of items available to buy, and just as many dropping for free in games. Cosmetics are hardly news in games, or even in Valve games; Team Fortress 2 has been keeping itself fresh with hundreds of cosmetic and mechanical additions, although whether they've improved the game is a matter up for some debate.
The difference with Dota 2 is that these items don't do anything. Even though the game is in an invite-only beta, it will eventually (and probably some time this year) be launched as a free to play title, supported entirely by in game purchases of items that are purely aesthetic. That's a lot of risk for Valve to place on the power of fashion alone. But that's hardly the only risk; Valve isn't even making the items that it is relying upon to fund the game. Instead, they're being made by the player community - some of whom are making a living from it.
Exit Theatre Mode
“No one can deny the urge to make their characters look cool and individual.” Stephanie Everett, known to the Dota 2 community as Anuxi, is the closest thing Dota 2 has to a Lagerfield. “Personalisation makes you more attached to your characters and to the game.” Launched out of a competition that Valve ran in conjunction with Polycount, Anuxi created a set of cosmetics that were in the final eleven picked. Anuxi has worked on all sorts of projects and previously worked at Trion as a 3D modeller, but now she makes her whole living from Dota 2 items. Just recently she had a chest added to the game containing items made only by her: the Treasure of the Shaper Divine is now dropping in games all over the world, and people are buying keys (at $2.49/£1.59 each) just to get one of the twelve items she made.
“On Polycount we had those art guidelines posted up, and everyone was gushing over them because they were such a great insight into how Valve did things,” says Anuxi. Polycount, as a community, is made up of some of the biggest 3D artists and modellers in the gaming industry, along with a huge amount of people who are just enthusiastic about the creation of 3D objects. There was even precedent for the collaboration with Valve; just a few years before they'd run a similar competition for Team Fortress 2.
“ It's gotten to the stage where Anuxi is something of a DOTA celebrity.
“We knew that the winners of that competition got like $45k, so we knew there was money in it,” says Stephanie. This was back at the tail-end of 2012, before Anuxi, or many creators at all, had sunk their teeth into Dota 2. “I didn't even like Dota before I started the competition, but I thought I should at least play it if I was going to be creating items for it.” And since that success in the competition, barely a fortnight has gone by when Anuxi hasn't added something new to the Dota 2 Workshop.
In fact, it's gotten to the stage where she's something of a celebrity within the community. Along with a handful of other creators, a reputation has been forming. None of these people are employed as such by Valve, but they're the golden geese that the developer is hanging the future of the game upon. If you take a look at the Workshop now, it's clear that the quality and quantity of items is well above and beyond something even a hugely talented and competent developer like Valve could put out.
In essence, Valve is crowdsourcing Dota 2's income, and they're doing it without compromising the game in any way. There's even been controversy when a set for one hero was deemed to go against the visual tone of the game by the community, before being promptly removed. It's a system built entirely on goodwill. There's absolutely no disadvantage to a player who pays nothing to Dota 2 compared to one who buys everything in the store. The latter will even have a fair amount of items just through playing the game, from the drops at the end of each match.
“ You're directly supporting an individual who worked on that one piece of armour or that fetching virtual hat.
So why pay? Playing free to play games often feels like there's an invisible hand in your pocket trying to loosen the catch on your wallet, but in Dota 2 you are faced with an abundance of content rather than a curmudgeonly handful, which takes every last bit of bad taste out of the transaction. More than that, you feel like you're directly supporting people who deserve to be supported. No longer is it some faceless developer, even one as highly thought-of as Valve, but instead you're directly supporting an individual who worked on that one piece of armour or that fetching virtual hat. Valve just takes a cut.
All of this creates a sense of collaboration between the community and the developer. Dota 2 is an interesting case purely because for all the excellent work Valve has done on it, it's not really Valve's game; it was developed over the past decade by Icefrog and a few others, in conjunction with a large team of beta testers. More than that, it was the community that grew up around it, and their passion for the game, that elevated it to the level where Valve was interested in taking it on and pushing it further.
Valve is continuing that trend of allowing the community to enrich the game that they're the highly involved custodians of. Beyond the cosmetics, there's a thriving community of casters and personalities forming around this shared hobby, and there are avenues through which they can make money too.
“Valve got in touch with me about making an announcer pack,” says Pyrion Flax, the creator of a whole suite of comedy videos about Dota 2, who is now on his way to becoming a sports commentator for the game. “It was great, they're really really nice guys and great to work with, but Valve's approach to everything is that you have to be really proactive on your own. You limit creativity if you tell people how to do it.”
“ You limit creativity if you tell people how to do it.
This is the main reason that Valve has only given the sparsest of guidelines on how to create items, mostly concerning visual readability and maintaining a consistency with the lore. Everything else is up to the creators. Creating an audio pack to replace the standard announcer with a famous member of the Dota 2 community (much in the same way they did with the Bastion Announcer pack back in December) is something that they're still working out how to do.
“I recorded 1200 lines and tore up my throat. I had to go and see a throat specialist to make sure I was OK,” Pyrion continues. “And then Valve get back to me with a list of the lines, and told me that half of them were unusable.” The problem was he'd created lines for things Valve didn't have triggers for. “I had a line for when Lion fights Ursa about a bear squaring off with a lion, which was way too specific.” So he went back, and revised a whole bunch, before rerecording a load more.
“I've been working on this thing for nine months now, and people have babies in less time than that.” That's not a criticism of Valve, just a commentary on how in the dark everyone is on how exactly to approach all these new concepts. It's not just people like Anuxi and Pyrion who are having to figure everything out; Valve is stomping all over new ground without a compass too.
It's hard not to be a little in awe of quite how elegantly Valve have pulled all this off, and if there's a flaw in the plan it's very difficult to spot. Creators get recognition and income, the community doesn't feel like it's being exhorted just to play the game they love, and Valve gets to focus on making the game better for everyone.
Phill Cameron is a freelance journalist who leaves his PC fan light on every night to scare away the monsters. You can follow him on Twitter and IGN.
Get the biggest Sport stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
ABERDEEN and Dundee United are set to scrap it out in front of the biggest New Firm crowd for 58 years.
Fans of the north-east rivals have snapped up almost 30,000 tickets for tomorrow's QTS League Cup showdown with 24 hours to go until kick-off. More League Cup semi finals build up
The Red Army have sold out their 20,000 allocation while Arabs have picked up nearly 9000 briefs for the mouth-watering clash between two of the country's in-form sides.
The Hampden attendance will smash the 12,000 crowd the last time the sides met at this stage at Tynecastle in 2008 – and the most punters present since 41,500 jammed into Dens Park for the Scottish Cup semi-final in 1967.
Even the New Firm League Cup Final clash in 1979 attracted 28,000 in both matches after the game went to a replay.
A Dons spokesman said: “The Aberdeen fans have backed the side in huge numbers in recent years and it is no surprise to see them do so again.
“It is incredible to sell 20,000 tickets for the game and once more the Red Army will be our 12th man at Hampden.”
Federation of Dundee United Supporters clubs secretary Mark McMahon said: “We would have wanted a few thousand more but to have 8500 tickets sold at this stage is probably more than usual. There will be a smashing atmosphere and it has the makings of a great game.”
Try today's sports quiz:
While any editor with a lick of political sense will tell you they love EVERY book they have the honor to publish, today I'm going to admit to playing favorites. Winter Tide holds a special place in my heart, and I think over the course of this week you'll begin to see why.
The first novel from debut author Ruthanna Emrys kicks off a new historical fantasy series, the Innsmouth Legacy, that could enrapture readers for years to come. It's about Aphra Marsh, last survivor of the Innsmouth internment camps, working with the U.S. government that imprisoned her people to prevent a magical war with the USSR. It's about the found family she wraps around herself in a world she no longer recognizes. It's about survival in the face of annihilation, kindness under the shadow of cruelty, and love as an antidote to hatred.
I first met Aphra Marsh in 2013, when I found Ruthanna's novelette “The Litany of Earth” in Tor.com's slush pile. Hers is the first work of fiction I ever edited, and I'm terribly proud to share the first five chapters of Aphra Marsh's next journey with all of you.
That's right, we'll be releasing a new chapter of Winter Tide every day from Monday to Friday of this week. Come and discover an amazing world.
You can get started right away with chapters one and two, and check back all this week for additional excerpts, collected below:
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Winter Tide is available April 4th from Tor.com Publishing. Happy reading!
A Manhattan think tank is pushing a plan to end the misery of Penn Station commuters, who are having an especially horrid month, by recasting the West 34th Street hub as just another stop for New Jersey Transit and the Long Island Rail Road, rather than the terminus for both. Having trains pass through the station instead of stopping and turning around, which results in a daily traffic nightmare, would also open up possibilities beyond alleviating congestion.
Part of the idea, named ReThinkNYC, calls for moving rail yards in Sunnyside, Queens, to the Bronx. That way a major new transit hub could be built on the Queens site, connecting the region's commuter lines and the subway system for a fraction of the cost of Mayor Bill de Blasio's plan to build a deck over Sunnyside Yards. With that kind of transit access, a business district could sprout up around the station, taking advantage of a 280-acre blank canvas across the East River from the most expensive office towers in the city.
“It should be part of the region's central business district,” said Lane Rick, a principal at ReThink Studio, the group behind the idea. “It should be [like] a Midtown East.”
ReThink Studio also envisions green space akin to Central Park, but much smaller, where the rail yard currently sits. The plan is ambitious but not impossible. Amtrak, New Jersey Transit and the Long Island Rail Road already run through Sunnyside but don't stop there. Adding the station, along with others in the Bronx and New Jersey, could be done in conjunction with the planned Gateway tunnel project beneath the Hudson River without raising the $25 billion price tag. The park and the commercial center could be absorbed into the current Sunnyside Yards effort.
Whether elected officials take a page from ReThink Studio's plan or a pending transit blueprint from the Regional Plan Association, drastic measures are needed. Amtrak announced last week that service at Penn Station will be cut by 25% this summer for long-overdue track work that will do little to address the underlying problems.
Getting Calcium can be a pain if you're lactose intolerant, and even more so if you're totally dairy free. Luckily there are a few options out there to get calcium into your diet. According to http://ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/Calcium-QuickFacts/ this is how much calcium you need per day. I'm not going to list how much calcium is in each food because, well really? Just eat the food in your diet where you can and you'll be fine. If you're taking calcium supplements cycle off them every month or so and don't take them for a few weeks. It builds up in your system and can cause kidney stones.
Life Stage Recommended Amount Birth to 6 months 200 mg Infants 7–12 months 260 mg Children 1–3 years 700 mg Children 4–8 years 1,000 mg Children 9–13 years 1,300 mg Teens 14–18 years 1,300 mg Adults 19–50 years 1,000 mg Adult men 51–70 years 1,000 mg Adult women 51–70 years 1,200 mg Adults 71 years and older 1,200 mg Pregnant and breastfeeding teens 1,300 mg Pregnant and breastfeeding adults 1,000 mg
Lactose Free Calcium Sources
First of All if you're only lactose intolerant you can get your calcium from
Lactose Free Cheeses – hard and lactose free cheese (check out our post on how to tell if a cheese is lactose free here)
Lactose free milk, cheese, butter etc.
Dairy Free Calcium Sources
Collard Greens Cooked
Soy Milk
Black Eyed Peas
Firm Tofu
Fortified foods like Orange Juice
Mollases
Baked Beans
Kale
Chinese Cabbage
Oranges
Almonds
Salmon
Sardines – eat the bones and everything
Figs
Sesame Seeds
Seaweed
Oatmeal
Dark Leafy Green
Broccoli
Green Snap Beans
Where do you prefer to get your calcium from? Let us know in the comments!
Related articles
FORT LEE — Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich said he has accepted an in-person apology from Gov. Chris Christie for the September lane closures at the George Washington Bridge.
"He assured us this would never happen again," Sokolich said this afternoon.
Christie arrived at the Fort Lee municipal building around 4:15 p.m. and left around 4:45 p.m., as more than 100 reporters watched behind barricades.
About a half-hour later, Sokolich emerged with members of the Borough council and the police chief. He told reporters the meeting was "very productive and very cordial."
Sokolich said he appreciated that the governor took time to visit Fort Lee, "and took a step in regaining the trust of this region."
Asked if he believed Christie when the governor said he had been unaware of the lane closures until Wednesday, Sokolich said, "I take him at his word."
Sokolich also clarified comments he made earlier today about not wanting the governor to come Fort Lee because it would be disruptive. He said he did not mean it literally and that he "would always welcome the governor here."
Sokolich said earlier today that he would accept the governor's apology but also wants to see if more details emerge from investigations.
Sokolich said he believed the governor was sincere when he apologized about emails and text messages that seem to reveal his aide wanted highway lanes near the foot of the George Washington Bridge closed because the Democratic mayor wasn't endorsing the Republican governor's re-election bid.
Christie fired the aide, Bridget Anne Kelly, this morning.
Sokolich said he hopes Christie will apologize again if investigations reveal additional findings.
The September lane closures caused major traffic back-ups throughout Fort Lee. Ironically, Christie's appearance in the borough today caused a major traffic jam.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
RELATED COVERAGE
• Christie apologizes to the people of N.J., fires top aide linked to GWB bridge scandal
• Complete coverage of bridge scandal
CenturyLink Apologizes for Misleading Customer About Its Gigabit Internet Service
Can CenturyLink and Comcast be trusted to provide basic services like the internet? Robert Ullman
As I've reported before, Seattle desperately needs affordable, reliable high-speed Internet service, and a lot of people are pissed off that the city's two dominant providers—Comcast and CenturyLink—haven't yet made it available in all parts of town. President Obama says he stands behind any city that wants to take matters into its own hands, over those companies' objections, by creating municipal utility-run gigabit broadband networks.
Mayor Ed Murray has said he's considering the municipal broadband option, pending yet another city-commissioned study about its feasibility that's due this month. But he's also said he wants to give CenturyLink and Comcast (both major donors to his mayoral campaign) a chance to "step up" and provide fiber-optic gigabit service throughout Seattle.
In February, CenturyLink sent out a statement saying it had done just that: launched one-gigabit service in Ballard, West Seattle, and Beacon Hill. The company advertises "CenturyLink Fiber 1 Gig Internet in Seattle" online. But following an excruciating experience with a CenturyLink customer service representative, a Seattleite who's moving to Beacon Hill found it's not available.
Earlier this week, Joe posted this transcript of a chat with a CenturyLink representative on Reddit. (He goes by the username joeshirley.) He began by telling the company he was moving to a new address on Beacon Hill. "Could you confirm that fiber is available at that address?" he asked.
The representative responded, "I see that we have Fiber to the Premises available for you."
Joe understood this to mean 1 gigabit speed, as the company advertises. But, after a long and frustrating back and forth, Joe summarizes what the company is actually offering:
Joe: What you have just told me is that what is available to me at this address is copper/DSL technology at 40MBs, and that you have chosen to call that speed by the name "fiber" because you were told to do so. Am I right? Jaqualon D.: You are correct.
Just for reference, 40 MBs is 4 percent of true gigabit speed. Then, later:
Jaqualon D.: I am sorry, but the 1GB is not yet available in your area. However, we are working very hard to get you that type of speed in your area. Joe: I would really have appreciated if you had been able to be straight with me at the beginning rather than waste forty minutes of both our time.
"I'm sure," Joe concluded, "that Jaqualon did not intend to deceive. However, his bosses surely know exactly what they were doing in writing their sales templates. This policy to treat customers as sales numbers is what I have objected to ever since my first days on the internet with Qwest."
Joe told me he'd love to see a municipally run broadband network in Seattle. He called his conversation with the CenturyLink representative a "classic bait and switch."
I passed this on to CenturyLink and they sent me this statement:
This incident does not reflect the level of customer service we strive daily to provide our customers and we sincerely apologize... The customer service representative was not aware that the area was still under construction. We are continuing to expand the fiber network in Beacon Hill throughout the year, along with Ballard, West Seattle, the Central District, the International District, Rainier Valley, Delridge and Green Lake.
Here's the thing: Is there any reason to believe that CenturyLink or Comcast would deliver a reliable and equitably distributed level of gigabit service to Seattle, on par with a locally owned and operated utility that's accountable to taxpayers? During a conference call in 2013, CenturyLink's Duane Ring admitted, "We're a public company. We have shareholders. We have rules and commitments. If you're smaller, the shareholders are the owners. There's more flexibility—especially if owners/shareholders are local."
And I think we're all familiar with the horrors of Comcast.
CenturyLink's national budget for upgrading its network to offer gigabit speeds is about $350 million, according to a call with investors in 2013. But Christopher Mitchell, a municipal broadband advocate, points out that the cost of offering gigabit across Seattle is more than that. "How CenturyLink is going to make a dent in Seattle," he said, "when it's spending less than it's going to take in Seattle across the whole country, is beyond me."
Devin Glaser, a member of a group of artists, techies, and activists called Upgrade Seattle that wants the mayor to act on municipal broadband, said Joe's experience illustrates why private companies "can't be trusted to provide crucial services like the Internet."
Amazon pickup points on college campuses, which have been sprouting up at schools across the country, have two purposes: they exist to alleviate the strain that college students with Prime memberships put on campus mail services, and to help kill college bookstores. Bookstores are responding: not with price-matching or anything wacky like that, but by dropping books from their merchandise assortment.
Barnes & Noble's college bookstore division is actually profitable, and split off from the original company a few years ago. Yet it also did something interesting: the word “book” has been taken out of its name, since the stores don't really sell books anymore.
The New York Times visited the State University of New York's Stony Brook University on Long Island this back-to-school season, and found a Barnes & Noble-run bookstore with a selection of pleasure reading and adult coloring books. Their reporter also found some confused freshmen trying to go textbook shopping.
The school bookstore is still the best place to get branded t-shirts and serves as an on-campus convenience store, but Stony Brook and other schools have partnered with Amazon to be their official textbook provider.
This is beneficial to students, many of whom already knew that they can get the best prices from Amazon for their texts. Schools also cash in, getting back about 2% of student textbook spending back in cash in return for making Amazon their official bookstore.
Purdue University was the first campus to set up an Amazon pickup point, and an official there told the Chronicle of Higher Education that the college has received about $1 million back from Amazon on student purchases.
As Amazon Arrives, the Campus Bookstore Is a Books Store No More [New York Times]
click to enlarge Image courtesy of the artist
In her installation, Oakland artist Favianna Rodriguez intertwines issues of immigration and migration.
The moment you walk into the Metamorphosis & Migration: Days of the Dead exhibit at the Oakland Museum of California, a wave of serenity washes over you. Perhaps it's the shades of blues on the walls, or the captivating imagery surrounding each altar. It's an inviting space in which to honor the dead.
Día de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) is the sacred holiday celebrated throughout Mexico on Nov. 2. For one day, the realm between the living and the dead overlap. It's a chance for families to honor those who have passed away by creating intricate altares (altars) and ofrendas (offerings), which consist of photographs of those who have passed, their favorite food or drink, and sentimental objects, all adorned with orange and yellow marigolds, papier mâché, and sugar skulls.
For the past 23 years, the Oakland Museum of California has hosted the Day of the Dead exhibit. (Although, beginning in 2016, the museum decided to present the exhibit every other year, so there won't be one in 2018.) In each installation, different artists are featured, and while the general format is the same, the altars are always unique, each honoring someone special.
click to enlarge Photo by Azucena Rasilla
Installation by artistBea Carrillo Hocker
For this year's Day of the Dead, curator Evelyn Orantes said the ofrendas and artwork not only recognize the death of a loved one, but also mourn the outcome of last year's presidential election and the constant controversy surrounding immigration. "There was a sense of loss around the election," Orantes said. "What's great about Day of the Dead is that it reminds us of our humanity and our interconnectedness. Death is the common equalizer, no matter if you're rich, poor, skinny, tall — no matter what, we will all experience death."
Orantes said it was important to incorporate a migration theme into this year's exhibit, so she reached out to Oakland artist and activist Favianna Rodriguez, who is known for using butterflies in her protest artwork representing the plight of immigrants. "Artists can put images to the words that we can't always say," Orantes said.
Rodriguez's installation depicts the monarch butterfly and its migration route, intertwining issues of immigration with conservation. And there's another connection: In Mexico, the monarchs' arrival represents the souls of loved ones returning home.
Another installation is by artist Bea Carrillo Hocker in which Hocker pays homage to her family, her lineage, and the sacrifices made by her ancestors in order to immigrate to the United States.
Fernando Escartiz was commissioned to create an 11-foot papier mâché sculpture of a calavera. The calavera depicts a man carrying a briefcase with his most prized belongings, representing those who leave everything behind in order to forge a better life in a different country.
Orantes also enlisted students from Oakland International High School and Thornhill Elementary School to participate in the exhibit. While Day of the Dead is a Mexican tradition, other cultures honor their loved ones as well, and the curator wanted other members of the community to be represented.
One of the most striking installatioons is the one about the Ghost Ship by Chris Treggiari and Peter Foucault. The fire that killed 36 people in December 2016 touched the OMCA family in a direct way. One of the victims, filmmaker Alex Ghassan, had contributed to the installation Oakland, I want you to know... earlier that year. OMCA wanted to honor his name and legacy, and all of those who lost their lives on that tragic night. Orantes said many OMCA staff members were at the party and managed to escape. "We wanted to recognize lives lost through fire," Orantes said, adding that "shortly after Ghost Ship, there was another fire in West Oakland, and there was little to no attention to that one."
click to enlarge Photo by Azucena Rasilla
Installation by Chris Treggiari and Peter Foucault.
Chinese-born artist Hung Liu showcases a series of paintings that were used at her solo show, Summoning Ghosts, at OMCA in 2013. The paintings honor the passing of Liu's mother: Each canvas depicts loss, mourning, the transformation from death, and the completion of the life-and-death circle.
Outside of the exhibit in the Oak Street Plaza, there's one more piece — a mural by Mexican-born artist Jet Martinez, known for his Mexican folk art-inspired murals that can be found around downtown Oakland. The mural follows the theme of the monarch migration, with bright orange colors like the wings of the butterflies and the marigolds.
With this year's installation, Orantes was able to capture the correlations between life and death, the hope that comes with immigration, and the mourning of what is lost along the way. "Metamorphosis reminds us of our humanity and how death brings us together," she said.
Metamorphosis & Migration: Days of the Dead runs Oct. 18, 2017 through Jan. 14, 2018, at the Oakland Museum of California, 1000 Oak St., Oakland, MuseumCA.org
The year isn't over yet, but we can already be sure that 2017 will be among the hottest years on record for the globe. While the global average surface temperature won't match what we saw in 2016, it is now very likely that it will be one of the three warmest years on record, according to a statement issued by the World Meteorological Organization.
What is more remarkable is that this year's warmth comes without a boost from El Niño. When an El Niño brings warm waters to the tropical east Pacific, we see a transfer of heat from the ocean to the lower atmosphere, which can raise the global average temperatures recorded at the surface by an extra 0.1-0.2℃. But this year's temperatures have been high even in the absence of this phenomenon.
Read more: Why hot weather records continue to tumble worldwide
We can already say with confidence that 2017 will end up being the warmest non-El Niño year on record, and that it will be warmer than any year before 2015. The average global temperature between January to September this year was roughly 1.1℃ warmer than the pre-industrial average.
This trend is associated with increased greenhouse gas concentrations, and this year we have seen record high global atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations and the biggest recorded surge in CO₂ levels.
A year of extremes
Of course, none of us experiences the global average temperature, so we also care about local extreme weather. This year has already seen plenty of extremes.
NASA Earth Observatory
At the poles we've seen a continuation of the global trend towards reduced sea ice extent. On February 13, global sea ice extent reached its lowest point on record, amid a record low winter for Arctic ice. Since then the Arctic sea ice extent has become less unusual but it still remains well below the satellite-era average. Antarctic sea ice extent also remains low but is no longer at record low levels as it was in February and March of this year.
East Africa saw continued drought with failure of the long rains, coupled with political instability, leading to food insecurity and population displacement, particularly in Somalia.
Storms and fires
This year also saw a very active North Atlantic hurricane season. Parts of the southern United States and the Caribbean were struck by major hurricanes such as Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and are still recovering from the effects.
Other parts of the globe have seen a quieter year for tropical cyclones.
There have also been several notable wildfire outbreaks around the world this year. In Western Europe, record June heat and very dry conditions gave rise to severe fires in Portugal. This was followed by more severe fires across Spain and Portugal in October.
Read more: Wildfires are raging in the Mediterranean. What can we learn?
Parts of California also experienced severe fires following a wet winter, which promoted plant growth, and then a hot dry summer.
Australia is now gearing up for what is forecast to be a worse-than-average fire season after record winter daytime temperatures. A potential La Niña forming in the Pacific and recent rains in eastern Australia may reduce some of the bushfire risk.
The overall message
So what conclusions can we draw from this year's extreme weather? It's certainly clear that humans are warming the climate and increasing the chances of some of the extreme weather we've seem in 2017. In particular, many of this year's heatwaves and hot spells have already been linked to human-caused climate change.
For other events the human influence is harder to determine. For example, the human fingerprint on East Africa's drought is uncertain. It is also hard to say exactly how climate change is influencing tropical cyclones, beyond the fact that their impact is likely to be made worse by rising sea levels.
For much of 2017's extreme weather, however, we can say that it is an indicator of what's to come.
Know What To Do After A Car Accident
Car accidents can be stressful, flustering experiences, and Best Auto Insurance is here to help. There are a lot of things to remember, like best practices for post-accident safety and how to take proper documentation. It all seems like common sense with a cool head, but in the tense moments after a car accident it can be easy to forget some of the most basic, and most important, pieces of information to gather. Click to download our printable Car Accident Checklist, and keep it in your glove compartment should you ever need it – there'll be no question about what to do after a car accident. Remember, even the safest of drivers get into car accidents; it never hurts to be prepared.
Like our Car Accident Checklist? Feel free to use a copy for yourself! Copy the code below and paste it into a page on your site.
Car Accident Checklist from Best Auto Insurance
So today, there was an article on Techcrunch “CEO controversy mars Arduino's open future” with a quote from the new CEO of Arduino (Federico Musto “Ph.d”) that said the maker market is “is in some way reducing” and used Intel's roll back of Arduino support as the evidence.
Musto also believes the maker movement is contracting especially considering a move by Intel to roll back some of its Arduino support. “As I mentioned it looks like I'd be insane if I'd do anything to change the DNA of Arduino. Arduino is open source and open hardware and it will stay open source and open hardware, full stop,” he said. “The maker movement is in some way reducing and everyone is concerned about how we can protect our investment.”
The only “full stop” and “reducing” is the bizarre Arduino.org product line up, lack of open-source at Arduino.org, and the leadership at Arduino.org. INTEL was making and supporting boards with the Arduino logo stamped on it as part of a partnership, they got stuck with the new Arduino CEO (just like the community did) – what could INTEL possibly do besides end the product lines that had anything to do with Arduino? The Arduino 101 sold in the tens-of-thousands of units and the dev board market depending on who you ask is thriving with sales in the millions of units. INTEL isn't going to be able to publicly say “This new Arduino.org is a mess” – they'll just end the Arduino(org) partnerships and products and focus on the community and the makers (and start new/better partnerships).
I emailed INTEL for a quote about all this, and they replied right away.
Intel remains an enthusiastic supporter of the maker community and maker mindset. We will continue to support tomorrow's makers through education and community outreach programs such as Maker Share (https://makershare.com/). – William Moss, Intel Corporate Relations
Intel + Make: Maker Share.
The goal for me for Maker Share is to do some of the magic that we do at Maker Faire online, where almost anybody has access to it.
-Dale Dougherty, Make: Founder and CEO .. The skills you learn through making is what is going to make you successful in innovating in the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
-Rajiv Mongia, Director Maker Experience and Outreach at Intel
This is smart, celebrate the community, makers, and avoid the nonsense of arduino.org. The new Arduino CEO went to say “The maker movement is in some way reducing and everyone is concerned about how we can protect our investment.” – his investment, and it's only reducing because of his actions (and inactions).
There are at least 15 million Raspberry Pi's, probably over a million micro:bits by now, Adafruit just hit 1,500,000 orders (we've outsold Adafruit vs Arduino related products at least 15 to 1 for a very long time, FEATHER, TRINKET, GEMMA, CIRCUIT PLAYGROUND, ETC, ETC). There's more going on then ever and our companies and efforts are growing.
Don't blame the maker movement, blame dumb decisions on people and product.
There still is not a promised Arduino foundation, that Arduino promised.
There still is not open-source hardware files for many/most of the Arduino.org products.
Related:
CEO controversy mars Arduino's open future – Techcrunch.
ARDUINO'S NEW CEO, FEDERICO MUSTO, MAY HAVE FABRICATED HIS ACADEMIC RECORD – WIRED.
Arduino's new CEO has spent years pretending to have an MIT PhD and an NYU MBA – BoingBoing.
“Free Arduino” – MAKE magazine.
“Arduino and Open Source Hardware” – Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories
THE ARDUINO FOUNDATION: WHAT'S UP? – Hackaday.
Arduino's “arm's-length” foundation is being run by CEO who lied about his degrees from MIT and NYU – BoingBoing.
Arduino: the next installment– ELEKTOR (USA).
Thoughts about Arduino, again … ELEKTOR magazine (German)
Arduino launches IoT developer kit for LoRa – Developer Tech.
What happens with Arduino project? – OLIMEX.
“#FreeArduino”- Related posts and more – Adafruit.
Jason Botterill has promised open communication. Jack Eichel likes the sound of that.
Eichel will meet with the Sabres' new general manager for the first time Wednesday, part of a whirlwind trip to Buffalo for the center. Eichel has talked with Botterill by phone and text, and the first impression has been good.
“Seems like a great guy, and just looking forward to starting a relationship,” Eichel told The Buffalo News on Wednesday. “First impressions, he's very well put-together. He's very well-spoken. I think he's real sharp. He knows what he wants.
“Obviously, I'll get to know him more as I get to talk to him and meet him. I've heard nothing but great things from other people, peers of his that know him. I'm excited to have him and excited about the future.”
When Sabres owner Terry Pegula fired General Manager Tim Murray and coach Dan Bylsma in April, he said he wanted improved communication in the organization. Botterill, a longtime Pittsburgh executive, says talks were common between coaches and players with the Penguins, and he wants to bring that to Buffalo.
“That's what you want,” Eichel said in a Tim Hortons in Orchard Park, where he was helping the chain raise money for its “Camp Day” fundraiser. “He's going to try and bring in the winning culture that obviously Pittsburgh has had and instill that on us, and just having an open relationship and trying to keep everyone informed, let everyone know where they are in different situations.
“It will be important for us. Communication's a big thing, and he seems like a great communicator.”
As Eichel told The News last month, he said talks he had with Murray and Bylsma after the season went well. The firings came as a surprise.
“Obviously, it was a bit of a shocker,” Eichel said. “I think the Pegulas and the rest of the organization, if they think that was best for the future, then that needed to happen.
“Obviously, the last two years, Tim and Dan have been nothing but great to me. I can't say anything bad. They treated me well and took care of me. I've got to thank Tim for drafting me and Dan for being my first coach in the NHL. I learned a lot from him.
“That's out of my control. I'm a player, so like I say all year, I try and work on being a good teammate and coming to the rink and trying to work hard on being a better player and help the Sabres win hockey games.”
Eichel couldn't say what just didn't click for the organization this season.
“I'm not really sure,” he said. “I went through both of my end-of-the-year meetings, and I thought things were all right. You don't really know what's going to happen. That's not my position really. I'm more in terms of playing, as you know. Whoever the GM, whoever the coach are, I'll just try and show up with a good attitude and be a good player.”
Eichel said he hasn't kept up to date with the coaching search. He represented the United States at the world championships in Germany this month, and he's been relaxing at home in Boston since the tournament ended.
“That's out of my control,” Eichel said of the search. “I'm sure that all the people behind the scenes will do a great job at finding the next guy. I just look forward to getting things started.”
Eichel flew into Buffalo early Wednesday morning and is heading home after meeting with Botterill. He's eager to get ready for the 2017-18 season with the new-look organization.
“I just look forward to training,” Eichel said. “I always enjoy that. It's an important part of my life to be able to reflect on your season, think about things you'd like to do better, things that maybe you want to improve on for next year, then kind of attack them in the offseason and see some improvement.
“Just looking forward to getting in the weight room. I've got a new trainer this summer. I'm pretty excited about working with him. I try and stay pretty similar to the way I've trained my whole career with the same people. I've had the same skating, skills guy for seven years. I've shot with the same person for three years, four years, so I like rekindling those relationships, being with those people again and training. It's exciting for me and it's exciting for them.”
I have been a Republican since I became a US Citizen in 1984 and was proud to vote for Ronald Reagan's reelection. Eventually, I was given the incredible honor to be the United States Treasurer, the first Mexican-born to hold this title.
I have been a loyal, trusted and fiery fighter for every Republican presidential candidate. I have been a delegate to the previous five Republican conventions. But since July 2015, when a certain candidate, upon entering the political arena, showed his contempt for Mexican immigrants by stating they were drug dealers, rapists and murderers, I have voiced my disgust and have warned one and all of the perilous threat he was to our party, our nation and the world.
I had hoped against hope that my party would listen. After all I had the personal commitment of our party chair, after the catastrophic loss of Mitt Romney, that Hispanics were going to be an important voting bloc for the party and that significant efforts would be made to augment their numbers in our party.
Maybe I was naive, maybe it was just a strong desire to believe. But the party left me and my community all alone again. It has had plenty of time to stand up for my community, but it has chosen not to do so. I have come to the devastatingly painful realization that my party right now doesn't want my vote nor that of my community. Evidently it is not important, or not as important as some other voting bloc.
So, for me to consider the unthinkable—to vote for a democrat—has been a profound soul searching process. Leaders are tested time and time again and so, I will stand up for my community against the menace of a tyrannical presidency that does not value the countless contributions of immigrants across its beautiful and bountiful history.
I have disagreed with and criticized Hillary Clinton's positions, but I have come to the conclusion that she would be a far better president than the Republican candidate could ever be. She understands that words spoken from the White House have consequences, that sarcasm is not a strategy when dealing with delicate world situations, that our friends and foes listen to every word spoken by our president and react accordingly.
There is too much at stake both domestically and abroad to have a thoughtless individual at the helm of the most important economy in the world.
My party and its standard bearer leave me no choice; On November 8, I will vote for Hillary Clinton.
15 January 2003 | cinevox
8 | Live it and lose it
Scorsese's best. Not too many hyper-critical reviews of this film have anything near as intelligent to say about what the director and the screenwriter had in mind when they created this American gem.
To those people that have seen it and thought it was "slow" or the pacing was sub par, they don't know what they're talking about; "Taxi Driver" is about the gradual and eventual take-over of insanity, and not about violence, action-shoot-'em-up 'slash' car chase... or whatever they expected from it. The modern audience today is expecting everything--comedy, drama, unbearable suspense, spfx--all rolled-up into one-stop entertainment... and no, I'm not anybody's grandfather, or here to tell you that movies were great in my day, but, viewers, lighten up already.
De Niro, and the rest of the cast, do a serviceable job in this micro-cosmic window into the life of Travis Bickle--a Vietnam vet--who, true, writes mind-numbing entries in his diary, leads a, for the most part, dull existance as a cabbie, and strikes out with a female political campaigner who, after Travis becomes a hero, discovers she is indeed attracted to unstable, sometimes violent chauffeurs.
The rest of this movie's story is for the less initiated viewer; decide whether you've truly become desensitized to sexual and violent content in today's films... Ah, forget it! You have to have lived at least some of which goes on in "Taxi Driver," or you've just been plain lucky in this life so far.
Durban (CNN) A vaccine against HIV will be trialed in South Africa later this year after meeting the criteria needed to prove it could help fight the epidemic in Africa.
In 2015, 2.1 million new infections were reported -- two-thirds of which occurred in sub-Saharan Africa
A small trial, known as HVTN100 , took place in South Africa in 2015 to test the safety and strength of immunity the vaccine could provide, ahead of any larger-scale testing in affected populations.
Two-hundred and fifty-two healthy volunteers were enrolled to receive either the vaccine, known as ALVAC-HIV/gp120, or a placebo to compare the extent of immune response generated. The results were presented Tuesday at the 21st International AIDS Conference in Durban, South Africa.
"This was precautionary to see if the vaccine looks promising," said Linda Gail Bekker, deputy director of the Desmond Tutu HIV Centre in Cape Town, South Africa, and president-elect of the International AIDS Society , who is leading the vaccine trials.
The vaccine stems from a landmark trial in Thailand in 2009 that was the first to show any protection against HIV, with 31% protection against the virus. This was enough to get experts in the field excited after years with no success.
"The obvious question is: Can we now replicate those results and can we improve upon them with greater breadth, depth and potency?" said Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Disease , whose organization sponsors the study.
The vaccine was improved for use in the higher-risk populations of sub-Saharan Africa, where a different subtype of the virus also exists.
"We've inserted specific inserts from viruses that have come off the subcontinent," said Gail Bekker. A new component was also introduced to stimulate stronger immunity, known as an adjuvant.
Four criteria were set as measures of its likely effectiveness, including the level of T-cell and antibody response to fight the virus if it were to infect.
"It gives the tick on all four, it does look promising and it should launch," Gail Bekker said. "We wanted to see a particular immune picture that would suggest that a big efficacy trial would be likely to yield results," she said.
"[This] was like the gatekeeper of will we or will we not go ahead," Fauci said, "and the answer is 'yes'."
A larger-scale trial of the vaccine will now begin in 5,400 people across four sites in South Africa in November 2016 and run for three years. A fifth dose of the vaccine will also be given in hope of longer-lasting protection.
The Thai study showed 60% protection against HIV after one year, but this fell to 31% by the end of the trial. The team hopes the new regimen will bring protection levels back up.
"We want to get it up to 60% and keep it there," Fauci said. "That's the reason for the boost and the reason for the adjuvant," he said.
Experts have long been awaiting a vaccine showing enough efficacy to dent the numbers of people newly infected with HIV each year, which fell by 0.7% between 2005 and 2015, according to a study published Tuesday and presented at the conference.
"We're hoping this can be the first licensable vaccine regimen in the world," said Gail Bekker. She acknowledged that this is unlikely to occur purely as a result of the upcoming trial, but hopes the results will provide the evidence needed by manufacturers and vaccine regulators to take it further.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
"I don't think we are going to treat [our] way out of this epidemic, " added Gail Bekker. "We are ultimately going to need a vaccine to shut it down."
The first vaccines made available are unlikely to provide enough protection for use on their own, but will instead be needed in combination with the plethora of prevention, treatment and social interventions already in use.
Looking forward to seeing what Michael Sheen and Lizzy Caplan do next. Showtime
Deadline reports that Showtime has canceled Masters of Sex, Michelle Ashford's decades-spanning historical drama series about sex research pioneers William Masters (Michael Sheen) and Virginia Johnson (Lizzy Caplan). Its fourth and final season, which ended with the two characters getting married, concluded earlier this month.
The decision is something of a departure for Showtime. Over the years, the network has developed a reputation for leaving its signature series, such as Weeds and Dexter, on the air long past their expiration dates. With Masters of Sex, however, the show suffered from ratings declines in addition to—after a promising first season that was met with modest awards recognition—significant drops in quality.
While Sheen and Caplan (who received an Emmy nomination for her performance) continued to do strong work on the show even as it lost all traceable buzz, Ashford simply couldn't keep up with the pressures of an extended timeline. Her first season was relatively tight, smartly exploring the budding partnership between Masters and Johnson while spotlighting supporting characters played by the likes of Beau Bridges, Nicholas D'Agosto, and the great Allison Janney. Unfortunately, Ashford—who initially wanted to take the story from the '50s through to the '80s—apparently felt the need to start moving at a faster clip.
By Season 2, Masters had become reliant on abrupt time-jumps with too much filler in between. The series' storytelling grew increasingly scattered, and in turn, it lost its grip on its characters, holding onto some past their relevance and throwing others into exceedingly bizarre situations. (Its “jump the shark” moment arguably came in the Season 3 episode “Monkey Business,” in which Johnson attempted to sexually arouse a gorilla for the entire installment—as the A.V. Club's John Teti put it, it was “as bad as it sounds.”) Thus while the show was still capable of producing strong individual episodes, like Season 4's “Coats or Keys,” Masters' diminished overall stature likely rendered cancellation an unfortunately easy choice for Showtime.
Persona 4: Dancing All Night . Despite the clamoring of a desperate fanbase, the game sold a paltry 90,000 units in North America. Then Rock Band 4 released, accompanied by a disappointing track list and new hardware that was flimsy at best ( and non-functional at worst ). Even Guitar Hero Live , the most recent in Activision's royal family of rockstar simulators, sparked outrage with sparse on-disc content and DLC “rentals”. It seems that the modern gaming public no longer gets the same thrill from shredding on a plastic guitar, pressing an empty pedal, or belting into a USB microphone for hordes of ravenous, virtual fans. 2015 was not a good year for rhythm games. Perhaps the first sign was the lukewarm reception of
Amidst all of this disappointment, I can't help but long for a simpler time, when rhythm games were about, well, music. A time before peripherals and leader-boards. A time known as… 2003.
In 2003, then-unknown developer Harmonix released the original Amplitude for the Playstation 2. The gameplay elements were relatively simple: the player controls a “blaster” travelling along a vertically scrolling track. Notes travel down the track, and the player must press one of three corresponding face buttons on the controller in order to hit the note as it reaches the blaster. The game featured some songs from mainstream artists, but with a clear focus on more underground electronica, including music written, produced, and performed by Harmonix staffers such as Kasson Crooker and the band Freezepop.
amplitude_ps2.jpg The original Amplitude was frenzied, chaotic, and addicting due to it's simple design towards the rhythm of the songs
Where this game differed from, say, Dance Dance Revolution , is the ability to play different parts of a song by moving onto different audio tracks. In Amplitude , the player is not simply pressing buttons to the beat while a song plays in the background -- their success (or failure) actively influences how the song sounds. Miss a phrase on the drum track, and the beat will drop out until you can get your streak back. Ignore the vocal track for too long, and the lyrics cut out mid-chorus. This created a sense of urgency, a scramble to keep every track going in order to hear the song properly. Perhaps most impressively, it encouraged to player to isolate those tracks in their own mind -- to tune out everything else but that one instrument, to really listen to it, in order to overcome the chaos inherent to such a system. It's something that no other rhythm game had really done, at least not to the same degree, which largely contributed to Amplitude 's cult-classic status.
It was a cult-classic for sure, but not exactly a financial success. Amplitude was beloved by fans, but the soundtrack and visual style lacked mainstream appeal. Harmonix decided to focus their attention elsewhere, and in 2005 -- two years after the release of Amplitude -- released Guitar Hero. Combining well-known rock songs with a unique guitar controller proved to be exactly what the public wanted. Guitar Hero 2 released the following year, with an even more expansive setlist. In 2007, the Guitar Hero license was purchased by Activision, leading Harmonix to begin development of a new IP, Rock Band, which would feature four different instrument peripherals. The rest is rock n' roll history.
Yet the fervor for music games has been lessening in recent years, with Guitar Hero Live and Rock Band 4 being just the most recent in a series of disappointing releases. But into this, Harmonix launched a Kickstarter in 2014 with the intent of funding a sequel/successor to Amplitude, inexplicably not titled Ampli2de. The campaign was a success, generating over $800,000 in its 30-day run; Now, as 2016 starts, the new Amplitude was released, taking us back to the start.
amplitude_ps4_harmonix.jpg The new Amplitude is a return to the basics of a rhythm game - no peripheral controllers or things to buy, just the music and your nanoblaste
The first thing one notices about the new Amplitude is its distinct visual style: the older games toyed with a similar Tron-like aesthetic, but the backgrounds could often be cluttered and overwhelming. This new game instead opts for a sleek, modern look, with bright pops of neon colors against deep black backgrounds. It harkens back to games like Geometry Wars and Rez, audio-visual experiences to be played with the lights off and the speakers cranked.
The game only continues to surprise from there. Upon entering the career mode for the first time, the game informs you that you'll be playing through a 15-song original “concept album” centering on a comatose hospital patient, and the attempt to awaken her using a computer interface known as “Amplitude-OS”. The structure of the album meshes well with the structure of the game itself, starting off with low-BPM tracks in familiar time signatures (“Decode Me”, “Dreamer”) that the game uses to introduce mechanics, before ramping up into frenetic and unpredictable songs (“I.C.U.”) that would be challenging to even a seasoned veteran of the series.
The inclusion of an original soundtrack is not all that novel. The surprising bit is that the concept album written by Harmonix, produced by Harmonix, and performed by Harmonix employees for a Harmonix game… is actually pretty good. Frequently I found myself humming the melody to an earlier song while navigating menus or taking a break. Games like Rock Band and Guitar Hero have long used licensed music to draw in players, not necessarily because those songs translate well to the video game medium, but because players are already familiar with them. Due to the fact that much of the music in Amplitude was created with this game in mind, the transition to the interactive medium is much more fluid.
Amplitude Start.jpg Amplitude, like most other Harmonix games, keeps to four difficulty ratings - the higher you go, the more closely you have to follow the musical beat
Which is not to say that Amplitude is completely bereft of licensed music. Harmonix tapped such talents as C418, Danny Baranowsky, and Darren Korb -- artists that have composed tracks for Minecraft , Crypt of the Necrodancer, and Transistor , respectively. The songs they bring to Amplitude do more than serve as fanservice: they naturally fit within the established style of Harmonix's original music, expanding the game's content without sacrificing the aesthetic.
But Amplitude's impressive track list and commitment to a style would mean nothing if the game didn't feel good to play. Fortunately, on this front, Harmonix impresses once again. Gameplay is responsive, remaining almost entirely unchanged from the original release, with small quality of life improvements such as lag calibration and a larger frame window to successfully hit notes. In both single and multiplayer the game runs at a fairly consistent 60FPS, with only minor frame-rate hiccups at the end of some songs when particle effects on the backgrounds tend to pick up. And, just like the original, Amplitude's track-switching mechanics feel incredibly satisfying. It forces to player to actively engage with the music, paying attention to elements of a song that would be missed on a casual listen.
Amplitude PS4.jpg Don't worry, this new version of Amplitude has new multiplayer and leaderboard tracking too, giving you a reason to keep perfecting those tracks
The original Amplitude was a wonder of a rhythm game, and that's not just the nostalgic ramblings of someone who played it from age 10 until the present. Its eclectic mix of tracks - from Korn to David Bowie to Freezepop - was fascinating in its strangeness. It never felt disorganized; it felt raw and unfiltered, like listening to a mixtape of someone's favorite music. Even beyond the music curation, it was the great gameplay which allowed me to engage with that music, on a level deeper than just experiencing it in the background. Even in the years that followed, as I worked my way through the trenches of Guitar Heroes and Rock Bands , a part of me missed that feeling.
Which is why the new Amplitude is so important, particularly now. It's a rhythm game without any gimmicks. It's not a karaoke game to be played during a party, or something to tap on your phone while waiting for a bus, or a rockstar simulator. Amplitude is a video game about music, and a pretty fun one at that. 2015 may not have been the best of years for the rhythm genre, but 2016 seem to be off to a rollicking start. Here's hoping that trend continues.
Whenever you travel through a city, hundreds of cameras and other sensors may be recording your every move. Despite the important real-world uses of public cameras, the surveillance can feel slightly creepy. How do we keep the value and reduce the creepiness factor?
While cameras and sensors can help keep people safe in smart cities, it's also important to protect people's privacy.
As with most human efforts, the lofty goal is to improve the quality of life. For example, cities deploy cameras to protect the populace, or at least collect data to serve as evidence in cases of wrongdoing. But in planning smart cities, urban designers have to consider how that power might be misapplied and guard against those circumstances. It's a common theme in dystopian science fiction and thrillers: Someone must evade a network of cameras and other sensors to carry out their plans.
Lest you think this is an old story: While cameras have been used for years, newer tools can extend them to perform other useful functions. For example, facial-recognition software can check attendance in a school lecture hall. The data collected can track the number of people entering a facility to determine if a room needs to be closed or the event needs to be moved to a larger location, points out Munir Ismet, Hewlett Packard Enterprise's global head of digital government. Cameras could also be used to count the number of people coming to a museum or other attraction and thus alert shop owners and restaurants of an influx.
Municipal cameras on the highway can help measure traffic flow and look for congestion to alert first responders or identify the need for traffic controllers. “The idea is to take that data and send that information to electronic signs on the motorway so you can close roads and direct traffic away from the congested area,” Ismet says.
In regions of unrest, cameras have a security role as well. For example, cameras could spot local trucks entering an army base that are bypassing a certain area rather than heading straight. Such behavior could indicate an improvised explosive device in that area, Ismet says. Similarly, cameras can spot parcels or backpacks left in critical areas such as a train station or a campus, alerting security teams to investigate.
All are great goals. But even when video surveillance is used for the right purposes, it raises privacy questions.
A painful recent example
The mass shooting in Las Vegas highlighted how often someone is watching. Casinos often use heavy camera surveillance to spot people who are cheating or stealing, as well as to protect the casino against personal injury lawsuits. “A typical facility might be armed with thousands of cameras, which watch gamblers as they enter, while they play, and when they leave,” according to a Los Angeles Times article. “The footage is stored as potential evidence and monitored by internal security forces who are prepared to dispatch a response within moments in case of problems.”
For example, Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock spent roughly a week at the Mandalay Bay hotel. During that time, he was captured on surveillance cameras about 200 times, according to law enforcement personnel. The footage helped investigators determine that Paddock probably didn't have an accomplice, because he was always shown alone.
One takeaway is that the surveillance didn't set off any kind of useful alerts. But the recordings also demonstrate the extent to which people in cities are constantly under surveillance, even when they don't realize it, whether it's by video, photograph, or audio.
“The state collects vast amounts of information on its own through intelligence services, law enforcement, and regulatory arms,” says Alexander Howard, deputy director of the Sunlight Foundation, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit that advocates for open government. Video cameras are particularly problematic, he says, whether footage is collected on a stationary camera, an employee's body camera, or a drone, especially if the video then becomes publicly available. “It's a dystopian idea to do what The Circle describes: Put a camera on someone and they live-shoot everything they see,” he says. “Unredacted live streams have a clear and demonstrable potential to create negative privacy and secure impacts on the public.” In fact, if not protected, the cameras themselves can be a security risk.
Learn the future of public sectors in a citizen-centric digital world. Get the Citizen.nxt Report
This may be more of an issue in some regions than in others. Cities vary in how many cameras they install. “In France, the number of cameras in the streets is less than in the U.K.,” Ismet says. “In the U.K., they can pinpoint every minute of my move.”
While cities justify the use of cameras and sensors to keep their citizens safer, critics say they violate law-abiding people's constitutional rights to assemble, as well as their simple right to privacy as they travel around the city going about their business. This becomes even more of an issue as facial-recognition software improves.
Demonstrating the problem
As an example, some people have used video footage and photographs to identify people who appeared in demonstrations and threaten their livelihood. But people who demonstrate in public have to expect that, says Michael Morisy, executive director for MuckRock, a Cambridge, Massachusetts, nonprofit that helps media and citizens file public records requests. “You have the right to publicly protest and demonstrate,” Morisy says. “Others have the right to take note of what happens in the public sphere. Participating in democracy is a public act.”
Citizens have fought the identification efforts in some cities. For example, Oakland's Domain Awareness Center was intended to use a variety of surveillance tactics, ostensibly for public safety. But when citizens learned that political protesters might also be targeted, they went to city hall and eventually had the project shut down.
Cameras can also have other purposes. Ostensibly in the name of safety, a number of cities, including New Orleans, have installed so-called red-light cameras, which automatically take pictures of cars that run red lights, as well as speed sensors to detect speeding, using the evidence to send tickets to the owners of those cars. Critics of the programs say cities' interests are in revenue, not safety. They claim cities are placing the cameras and sensors not at the most dangerous intersections but in areas where they are most likely to catch people. It also entices a city to install cameras to maintain the revenue stream it's come to depend on, rather than to prevent harm. In fact, some studies have shown that red-light cameras actually increase accidents. Los Angeles removed its cameras as the result of citizen outcry.
A number of cities set up license plate recording systems only to be surprised at what could be found out—such as the minute-by-minute whereabouts of the Minneapolis mayor, for example. Boston shut down its system after a MuckRock investigation on the limitations of the technology, such as not differentiating between states.
Protecting the data and citizen privacy too
Any urban planning effort needs to take into account the things that can go wrong, as well as the many ways in which cameras truly can serve city residents. For example, license-plate recording systems usually make the data they collect anonymous, says Ismet. “Most of the data is providing information to drivers and moving them into the right direction, rather than recording plates or names,” he says.
One place to start may be the ACLU guidelines in regard to video on drones, which applies to similar municipal video efforts. Despite their beneficial uses in search-and-rescue missions, scientific research, and mapping, organizations need to develop drone projects to avoid invasion of privacy, argues the ACLU. Among the safeguards discussed:
Usage limits : When may law enforcement deploy a drone?
Data retention : When and for how long should images be retained?
Usage policy : The public's representatives should write open and transparent policies, not police departments. For accountability, use of domestic drones should be subject to open audits and proper oversight.
Weapons ban : Domestic drones should not be equipped with lethal or non-lethal weapons.
Ultimately, the issue is not that of the camera or sensor itself, but the regulatory environment, notes Ismet. “The technologies should be done using the regulatory agencies in those countries to protect privacy,” he says. “We rely on the fact that regulations exist and the users of those devices will adhere to regulations.”
Public video surveillance: Lessons for leaders
Sir Reginald Dural, left, jams with his father, Stanley Dural, leader of the band Buckwheat Zydeco. Reginald leads a Tribute to Buckwheat Zydeco March 18 at the SXSW Conference in Austin. (Photo: David Simpson)
Lafayette-area musicians have long been a part of South by Southwest in Austin, Texas. One of the world's largest music festivals with more than 2,000 acts, SXSW has grown into a film and interactive gathering with screenings, showcases, exhibitions and networking opportunities.
City government and economic development officials are now joining the effort with “Lafayette Live,” a music, food and digital presentation at 5 p.m. Monday at C-Boys Heart & Soul Bar. “SXSW Lafayette Live Sheauxkaze: A Tribute to Buckwheat Zydeco” will be held at 8 p.m. March 18 at Antones, marking the first time Lafayette has had an official conference showcase.
Lafayette Consolidated Government, Lafayette Economic Development Authority and the Lafayette Convention and Visitors Commission are partners in Monday's event, with support from Louisiana Economic Development. Ben Berthelot, LCVC's president and CEO, said SXSW is a prime territory for business recruiting.
“With our music, we're able to combine that into efforts to recruit the workforce for the technology sector and the new companies that we have,” said Berthelot. “It's a chance to showcase our city in terms of workforce development and the needs that those technology companies have to get skilled workers to move here and come work. It's a great partnership.”
Monday's event, which is open to the public and invited media and executives, includes boiled crawfish, jambalaya and live music from Cedryl Ballou and the Zydeco Trendsetters.
Music overflows at Saturday night's showcase with C.C. Adcock and the Lafayette Marquis, Roddie Romero and the Hub City All-Stars and Lane Mack. A Tribute to Buckwheat Zydeco, featuring Sir Reginald Dural and the Ils Sont Partis Band, headlines the evening.
Marcia Ball, C.J. Chenier Charlie Sexton and Shannon McNally will perform as special guests, along with some surprises.
“There's still a few A-listers who are threatening to pop in and tip the hat,” said Adcock. “Such is the nature of SXSW.
“With so many artists and fans in towns, amazing things can come together at the last moment.”
Adcock added the salute to Stanley “Buckwheat” Dural, a Grammy- and Emmy-winning musician who died last September, is appropriate for the occasion.
“As a man and musician, Buck personified soul,” said Adcock. “He took our regional, southwest Louisiana music and truly brought it out the woods and onto the world stage.
“He was able to play the major label record company game and collaborate with all the greats, without compromising his roots. No one from home, before or since, has been able to do it as successfully and purely as Buck did.”
Read or Share this story: https://www.theadvertiser.com/story/news/2017/03/07/music-business-merge-sxsw/98856764/
The Education Department announced last week that it is stripping the powers of one of the nation's largest accreditors of for-profit schools.
The Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools, or ACICS, has been under scrutiny for continuing to accredit colleges whose students had strikingly poor outcomes.
As ProPublica has reported, schools accredited by the agency on average have the lowest graduation rates in the country and their students have the lowest loan repayment rates.
Accreditors are supposed to ensure college quality, and their seal of approval gives schools access to billions of federal student aid dollars.
As we have also reported, two-thirds of ACICS commissioners — who make the ultimate decisions about accreditation for schools — were executives at for-profit colleges. Many of the commissioners worked at colleges that were under investigation.
Critics who've pointed to abuses by for-profit colleges celebrated last week's action.
“The rot from poor behavior spread beyond just the for-profit schools to the people who were supposed to be looking over them,” said Ben Miller, senior director for postsecondary education at the Center for American Progress. “This is an extremely important decision both in protecting students and taxpayers.”
ACICS accredits over 200 colleges, which enroll an estimated 600,000 students. Schools accredited by ACICS received around $5 billion in federal student aid last year.
Two of the nation's largest chains of for-profit colleges — Corinthian Colleges and ITT Educational Services — both remained accredited by ACICS while facing multiple investigations from government agencies before they shut down.
“ACICS's track record does not inspire confidence,” wrote Education Department Chief of Staff Emma Vadehra in a letter to the agency's chief executive last week.
Over the past few months, a growing chorus of critics have called on the Education Department to take action, including more than a dozen state attorneys general, over 20 consumer protection and advocacy groups, and members of Congress.
In June, the Education Department released a report on ACICS that raised 21 red flags, including about the agency's reticence to sanction bad schools and even to verify the accuracy of schools' metrics. The report also highlighted the agency's lack of policing potential conflict-of-interest issues of its own board.
ACICS has said it plans to appeal last week's decision to Education Secretary John King.
“While we are disappointed in this decision, ACICS plans to continue diligent efforts to renew and strengthen its policies and practices necessary to demonstrate this agency's determination to come into full compliance,” said the agency's chief executive Roger Williams in a statement posted on the agency's website.
BERLIN (Reuters) - A German man held hostage for about a year in Syria by fighters of Islamic State was released in June after the government did a deal with the militant group, die Welt am Sonntag newspaper said on Sunday.
Citing German security sources, the newspaper said the Islamists, who last week released a video showing the beheading of an American journalist, were given something for the man's release but did not specify the nature of the trade-off.
The foreign ministry refused to comment on the report and the interior ministry was unavailable.
The newspaper said that a 27-year-old man from the eastern state of Brandenburg was kidnapped by IS fighters while traveling in Syria in 2013.
His family received an email earlier this year with a video showing the man alive and a ransom demand, it said.
The video also showed the execution of another hostage which the German man had witnessed, it said.
After negotiations for the release of the man, who is not identified in the report, German authorities secured his freedom in June.
Something was given in return for his release, the newspaper said without giving details. It added that the foreign ministry “denied having paid a ransom in any form”.
The murder of U.S. journalist James Foley, whose beheading by an IS militant was shown in a video released last week, has heightened fears in Germany about the growing threat presented by the group, which controls large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.
Germany has agreed to arm Kurds in northern Iraq who are fighting IS.
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told Bild am Sonntag newspaper that about a quarter of the 400 people who had traveled to Syria from Germany had returned.
“These men have learned to kill and to hate. They represent a danger to our country,” de Maiziere told the paper. He said not all 100 returnees were potential terrorists or suicide bombers.
Der Spiegel magazine said German prosecutors are investigating at least 139 Germans suspected of being members or supporters of groups including IS, or of involvement in plans for violent crimes against the state.
It was unclear from the report where the individuals were or where the investigations were taking place.
Linux Mint is killing the KDE version of its operaring system -- a move some people applaud. That's what makes the new 18.3 version -- named "Sylvia" -- so frustrating. It's bizarre to release a new version of an operating system that essentially has no future. But oh well, here we are. After a short beta period, the KDE distro is now available for download -- if you still care. I recommend that KDE loyalists just switch to Kubuntu or Netrunner, but I digress.
Despite being the final version of Linux Mint KDE, it is still a great alternative to the consistently disappointing Windows 10. After all, it has been discovered that Microsoft is bundling a bug-ridden password-manager with its operating system without user consent! How can you trust such an OS?! Sigh.
ALSO READ: Avast makes 'RetDec' machine-code decompiler open source on GitHub
The KDE variant is not the only version of Linux Mint with a new release, however. If you like the Xfce desktop environment, that version of Linux Mint "Sylvia" is now available as well. It too is a solid alternative to Window 10 -- especially on computers with meager hardware.
"Linux Mint 18.3 is a long term support release which will be supported until 2021. It comes with updated software and brings refinements and many new features to make your desktop even more comfortable to use," explains Clement Lefebvre, Linux Mint.
ALSO READ: New Linux Mint installation guide makes switching from Windows 10 even easier
Lefebvre further explains, "Thanks to Flatpak you can install bleeding-edge applications even if their dependencies are not compatible with Linux Mint. Linux Mint 18.3 comes with Flatpak installed by default and the new Software Manager fully supports it. A section is dedicated to Flatpak and the Software Manager lists the content of each Flatpak remote. Although Flathub is configured by default, you can modify the list of remotes. If you add new ones, they will appear in the Software Manager."
ALSO READ: New Linux Mint installation guide makes switching from Windows 10 even easier
Both the Xfce and KDE versions of Linux Mint 18.3 are based on the Ubuntu 16.04 -- a rock-solid long term support release from Canonical. The Linux kernel included is 4.10. The KDE variant comes with Plasma 5.8, while the the Xfce environment sits at version 4.12
Ready to download? You can use the below links to grab either the 32 or 64-bit versions of each.
Photo Credit: StepanPopov/Shutterstock
Ah, a new NHL season is almost upon us… and with the start of a new season comes the answers to long-awaited questions asked during the drawn-out (and often quite boring) NHL offseason. Without any hockey for about three months, it's hard not to speculate and evaluate the talent of teams before they even step onto the ice for the beginning of the actual season.
For the defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins and other top-tier teams like the Chicago Blackhawks, Washington Capitals, Nashville Predators, Edmonton Oilers, etc., it's easy to see a successful season followed by a chase for the Stanley Cup. On the other end of the spectrum, potential bottom-dwellers like the Vancouver Canucks and Colorado Avalanche will carry very low expectations into the new season. However, what we have left over are the teams in between. These teams are the wild cards that you just can't put your finger on, and could see their seasons go in two completely different directions.
1. Philadelphia Flyers
Why They Could Succeed:
Better Forward Depth
After an inconsistent 2016-17 season that resulted in a 20th-ranked offense, the Flyers “hot-and-cold” offense had to be addressed. Gone is the fourth line duo of Pierre-Edouard Bellemare and Chris VandeVelde which saw way too much ice time when considering their lackluster production (a combined 23 points). Replacing them will likely be the recently acquired Jori Lehtera (who is by no means a superstar, but can provide a solid two-way game to the Flyers fourth line) and either Dale Weise or Scott Laughton, both of whom could help improve a lackluster fourth line the Flyers sported last season.
Philadelphia also lucked into Nolan Patrick, who will likely slide into a top-nine spot and will help provide depth scoring that the Flyers have dearly missed over the past few seasons. Oskar Lindblom is another exciting young talent who is a good bet to make the Flyers and has shown some impressive defensive prowess in the preseason.
Influx of Young Talent on Defense
The youth movement is in full effect on the Flyers' blueline, as at least two of their highly-touted defensive prospects will make the team out of training camp. The most likely of the prospects are Robert Hagg and Sam Morin, who both made their NHL debuts last spring and have done enough to show they should stick this season. However, it's still entirely possible that preseason standout Travis Sanheim could surpass Morin or Hagg to grab the last spot. While more uncertainty surrounds the offensive-minded Sanheim's game than the stay-at-home style of Hagg and Morin, the Flyers could roll the dice on the 21-year-old Sanheim to give them some more offensive punch from their backend.
While the rookies will get most of the attention, returning players like Ivan Provorov and Shayne Gostisbehere should also be ready to take another step forward. Provorov will hope to build off of a great rookie season that saw him handle #1 defenseman minutes at just 19 years old. Meanwhile, Shayne Gostisbehere did take a step back from his 2015-16 rookie season as he recovered from an offseason hip surgery. Now fully healthy, the Flyers should enjoy a rebound season from the guy they call ‘Ghost'.
Why They Could Struggle:
Uncertainty in Net
Steve Mason is out and despite what some may say, he was the best goalie the Flyers have had in a long time. That being said, it won't be an easy task for Brian Elliott – coming off a forgettable season in Calgary – to replace him. While Elliott might be a better fit for a 1A-1B platoon situation with Michal Neuvirth than Mason who was better as a clear-cut starter, it's hard to argue that Elliott is an upgrade over Mason.
Uncertainty also surrounds Michal Neuvirth – now in his third season in Philadelphia – where he has, to say the least, been the inconsistent goaltender the Flyers knew they were getting. After an impressive 2015-16 season where he went 18-8-4 with a .924 save percentage to go along with a 2.27 GAA and prove his worth with a spectacular playoff performance against the Washington Capitals, Neuvirth crashed back down to Earth this past season, posting a career low .892 save percentage.
Claude Giroux Doesn't Rebound
It's no secret that Claude Giroux is not the same player he was a few seasons ago. It was only 2012 when he looked to be on the verge of unseating Sidney Crosby as the league's top player after a dominating performance against Crosby's Penguins in the 2012 playoffs. Unfortunately, Giroux just hasn't been the same player he once was, and will also be turning 30 soon.
Concerns about Giroux reached their peak last season as the Flyers' captain finished with just 14 goals and 58 points – both his worst marks since the 2009-10 season (not including the lockout season). While some of his struggles could be attributed to the hip surgery that he had two summers ago, the Flyers simply need more than 58 points from their captain. Players like Jake Voracek, Wayne Simmonds, and of course, rookie Nolan Patrick will all play big roles for the Flyers, yet no one can compare to how much Giroux means to the Flyers' success.
2. Ottawa Senators
Why They Could Succeed:
Stingy Defense
One of the biggest reasons why the Senators were able to reach the Eastern Conference Finals and take the Penguins to seven games was their ability to limit goals allowed with Guy Boucher's trap defense. With their eleventh-ranked defense, the Senators were able to mask an average offense.
Currently, the Senators have a bit of a logjam on defense, which is definitely not a bad problem to have. After losing Marc Methot in the expansion draft, Ottawa brought in veteran defenseman Johnny Oduya to take his place as Erik Karlsson's defensive partner (when he returns), which leaves one less spot for the handful of defenders in Ottawa's possession. Chris Wideman, Cody Ceci and Dion Phaneuf are all likely to make the team, while Thomas Chabot, Ben Harpur, Fredrik Claesson and Mark Borowiecki will fight for the last two spots (at least until Karlsson is healthy).
Why They Could Struggle:
A Decline from Craig Anderson
Going into his eighth season with the Senators, Craig Anderson has become perhaps the most successful goalie in Senators' history. Last season, Anderson had one of his best seasons as a starter, posting a 2.28 GAA with a .926 save percentage to boot. However, there is uncertainty surrounding Anderson, as he is 36 years old and could start declining at any time.
Lack of Forward Depth
The Senators boast a very good top-six featuring three 20+ goal-scorers: Mike Hoffman, Kyle Turris, and Mark Stone. Despite a great playoff performance, the highly-paid Bobby Ryan hasn't quite been the model of consistency. Next season, the Senators will have to put their faith in the likes of Zach Smith, Alexandre Burrows, Ryan Dzingel, and Tom Pyatt to provide depth scoring.
3. Dallas Stars
Why They Could Succeed:
A Major Improvement in Goal
After many seasons of underwhelming goaltending from Kari Lehtonen and Antti Niemi, the Stars hope to have finally fixed their problem between the pipes with Ben Bishop. Bishop, who was acquired in early June from the Los Angeles Kings for a fourth-round draft pick, will look to return to being the elite goaltender that he was with the Lightning. While in Tampa Bay, he was a two-time Vezina Trophy finalist and helped the Bolts reach the Stanley Cup Final in 2015-16.
A Deadly Top Line & Solid Depth
Another big acquisition was that of Alexander Radulov, who returned to the NHL with a 54-point season (with the Montreal Canadiens) after years of playing with CSKA Moscow in the KHL. The addition of Radulov – who figures to play with superstars Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin – gives the Stars one of the league's best top lines. Behind their star-studded top line, Dallas' depth is nothing to ignore, as they are strong down the middle with Jason Spezza, newly-acquired Martin Hanzal, and either Radek Faksa or Devin Shore centering their bottom three lines. On the wing, the Stars will have plenty of young talent returning. Mattias Janmark – who dealt with a knee injury last season – will make his return, and Brett Richie (16 goals in 2016-17) will enter his second full season.
Why They Could Struggle:
Lack of Certainty Behind John Klingberg
While there is no doubt about John Klingberg's status as the Stars number-one defenseman and his likely D partner Marc Methot (acquired in a trade with Las Vegas), there is still much to be sorted out among the rest of the defense. The pressure will be on for 2014 first-round pick and top prospect Julius Honka to produce, as he will likely crack the Stars' roster. Fighting for the last three spots will be veteran Dan Hamhuis, Esa Lindell, Stephen Johns, Jamie Oleksiak, and Greg Pateryn, none of which were particularly impressive last season.
4. Winnipeg Jets
Why They Could Succeed:
A Dynamic Offense
Last year, with the addition of 2016 second overall pick Patrik Laine, the Jets offense flourished. With an already strong top-six featuring the likes of Mark Scheifele, Blake Wheeler, and Nikolaj Ehlers, Winnipeg jumped from 27th in goals in 2015-16 all the way to sixth overall in 2016-17. With no major departures from the front and a young talent in Kyle Connor embarking on his first full season, Jets' fans should have no reason to expect regression from their talented attack.
Pieces on Defense Coming Together
On paper, the Jets could have the makings of a solid defensive core headlined by the minute-eating pair of veteran defenders Dustin Bufyglien and 22-year-old Jacob Trouba. Also returning this season is puck-moving defenseman Josh Morrissey, who will look for improvement in his second full season in the NHL, as well as Tyler Myers who impressed in a short sample size last year before a lower-body injury knocked him out for much of the 2016-17 campaign.
Winnipeg also added a new face to their defense in eight-year veteran Dmitry Kulikov. He will look to rebound after an injury-plagued 2016-17 season with the Buffalo Sabres, where he finished with just five points and a plus/minus of -26 in 47 games. It will take a lot to prove himself worthy of the three-year/$13.3 million contract he received this past summer, but he could provide a steady third-pairing presence if he can return to the player he was with the Florida Panthers a few seasons ago.
Why They Could Struggle:
A Question Mark In Goal
While the future between the pipes is likely Connor Hellebuyck, the 24-year-old struggled at times last season in a 1A-1B situation with Michael Hutchinson. After finishing 27th in goals allowed, the Jets looked to free agency for a short-term fix, inking former Flyers netminder Steve Mason to a two-year/$8.2 million contract.
After a rocky tenure in Columbus, Mason resurrected his career in Philadelphia to become a pretty solid goaltender… most of the time. While much improved from his time with the Blue Jackets, Mason has become known as a streaky goaltender who can go on an incredible run before crashing back down to Earth. What makes Mason an even bigger question mark are his struggles when he is forced to share the net in a 1A-1B goaltending situation like the one he was in with Michal Neuvirth with Philadelphia. This will likely be the situation in Winnipeg with Connor Hellebuyck and could spell trouble for Mason, who has always been at his best when he has been the workhorse in net.
Dean is a lifelong Philadelphia sports fan (note the Carson Wentz photoshop) and an aspiring sportswriter. He is a student at Millersville University where he is studying sports journalism. The primary way of contacting Dean is at this email: dsnock@gnghockey.com.
Jimmie Lee Jackson (December 16, 1938 – February 26, 1965)[1][2] was an African American civil rights activist in Marion, Alabama and a deacon in the Baptist church. On February 18, 1965, while participating in a peaceful voting rights march in his city, he was beaten by troopers and shot by Alabama State Trooper James Bonard Fowler.[3] Jackson was unarmed and died eight days later in the hospital.
His death was part of the inspiration for the Selma to Montgomery marches in March 1965, a major event in the Civil Rights Movement that helped gain Congressional passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. This opened the door to millions of African Americans being able to vote again in Alabama and across the South, regaining participation as citizens in the political system for the first time since the turn of the 20th century, when they were disenfranchised by state constitutions and discriminatory practices.[3]
In 2007 former trooper Fowler was indicted in Jackson's death, and in 2010 he pleaded guilty to manslaughter. He was sentenced to six months in prison.
Early life [ edit ]
Jimmie Lee Jackson was a deacon of the St. James Baptist Church in Marion, Alabama, ordained in the summer of 1964. Jackson had tried to register to vote for four years, without success under the discriminatory system maintained by Alabama officials. Jackson was inspired by Martin Luther King, Jr., who had come with other Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) staff to Selma, Alabama, to help local activists in their voter registration campaign. Jackson attended meetings several nights a week at Zion's Chapel Methodist Church. His desire to vote led to his death at the hands of an Alabama State Trooper. It inspired Southern Christian Leadership Conference leader James Bevel to initiate and organize the dramatic Selma to Montgomery marches, which directly contributed to President Lyndon Johnson calling for, and Congress passing, the Voting Rights Act of 1965.[4]
Death [ edit ]
On the night of February 18, 1965, about 500 people organized by the SCLC activist C. T. Vivian left Zion United Methodist Church in Marion and attempted a peaceful walk to the Perry County jail, about a half a block away, where young civil-rights worker James Orange was being held. The marchers planned to sing hymns and return to the church. Police later said that they believed the crowd was planning a jailbreak.[5]
Grave of Jimmie Lee Jackson
Memorial where Jackson was shot, behind Zion Methodist Church in Marion, Alabama
They were met at the post office[5] by a line of Marion police officers, sheriff's deputies and Alabama state troopers.[3] During the standoff, streetlights were abruptly turned off (some sources say they were shot out by the police),[5] and the police began to beat the protesters.[3][5] Among those beaten were two United Press International photographers, whose cameras were smashed, and NBC News correspondent Richard Valeriani, who was beaten so badly that he was hospitalized.[5] The marchers turned and scattered back toward the church.
Jackson, his mother Viola Jackson, and his 82-year-old grandfather Cager Lee, ran into Mack's Café behind the church, pursued by state troopers. Police clubbed Lee to the floor in the kitchen;[3] when Viola attempted to pull the police off, she was also beaten. When Jackson tried to protect his mother, one trooper threw him against a cigarette machine. A second trooper shot Jackson twice in the abdomen.[6] James Bonard Fowler later admitted to pulling the trigger, saying he thought Jackson was going for his gun.[3] The wounded Jackson fled the café, suffering additional blows by the police, and collapsed in front of the bus station.[5]
In the presence of FBI officials, Jackson told a lawyer, Oscar Adams of Birmingham, that he was "clubbed down" by state troopers after he was shot and had run away from the café.[7] Jackson died of his wounds at Good Samaritan Hospital in Selma, on February 26, 1965.[3][5] Sister Michael Anne, an administrator at Good Samaritan, later said there were powder burns on Jackson's abdomen, indicating that he was shot at very close range.[7]
Jackson was buried in Heard Cemetery, an old slave burial ground, next to his father, with a headstone paid for by the Perry County Civic League. His headstone has been vandalized, bearing the marks of at least one shotgun blast.[5]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Jackson's death led James Bevel, SCLC Director of Direct Action and the director of SCLC's Selma Voting Rights Movement, to initiate and organize the first Selma to Montgomery march to present a way for the citizens of Marion and Selma to direct the anger over Jackson's death into a positive outcome. It also was called to publicize the effort to gain voter's registration reform. Held a few days later, on March 7, 1965, the march became known as "Bloody Sunday" for the violent response of state troopers and the sheriff's posse, who attacked and beat the protesters after they walked over the Edmund Pettus Bridge and left the city.[3] The events captured international attention, raising widespread support for the voting rights campaign. In the third march to Montgomery, which began on March 21, protesters traveled the entire way, and a total of 25,000 people peacefully entered the city protected by federal troops and Alabama National Guard under federal command.[8]
In March 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson announced his federal bill to authorize oversight of local practices and enforcement by the federal government; it was passed by Congress as the Voting Rights Act of 1965. After the act was passed, Jimmie Lee Jackson's grandfather Cager Lee, who had marched with him in February 1965 in Marion, voted for the first time at the age of 84.
Criminal charges against James Bonard Fowler [ edit ]
A grand jury declined to indict Fowler in September 1965, identifying him only by his surname.[3]
On May 10, 2007, 42 years after the crime, Fowler was charged with first degree and second-degree murder for Jackson's death,[9] and surrendered to authorities.[10] On November 15, 2010, Fowler pleaded guilty to manslaughter and apologized publicly for killing Jackson. He said he had acted in self-defense. He was sentenced to six months in jail, but served five months due to health problems which required surgery.[11] Arguing that the sentence was too weak, Perry County commissioner Albert Turner, Jr. called the agreement "a slap in the face of the people of this county".[12]
In film [ edit ]
In the 2014 film Selma, Jackson was portrayed by Lakeith Stanfield. The film depicts the events of February 18, 1965, including Jackson's murder.
Presidential contender Donald Trump has issued comments regarding the three police officers in Baton Rouge killed in an ambush style attack Sunday, blaming the deaths on “a lack of leadership.”
“We demand law and order,” Trump said via Facebook.
Trump also commented on the growing racial divide in America leading to events like the one in Baton Rouge, while the US simultaneously attempts to fend off ISIS.
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016
Since his presidential announcement in June of last year, Trump has made it a point at numerous campaign rallies to show solidarity with members of law enforcement across the nation.
Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton on the other hand has attempted to woo supporters of Black Lives Matter, many of whom cheered and celebrated the Baton Rouge police murders.
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black Americans…feel like their lives are disposable." —Hillary — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 13, 2016
The Clinton camp has yet to release a statement on the fallen officers.
Cop's Wrong Firing Lawsuit Leads To Public Release Of Vulgarly-Titled 'Enemies' List
from the non-denial-denials-follow dept
The names and terms on the list – which range from politicians to famous personas such as Chelsea Handler and even particular crowds such as “mouth breathers” – were put there when UOPD officers disliked them for one reason or another. In the opinion of the officers, those referred to on the list were entitled to “eat a bowl of dicks,” according to the lawsuit.
[James] Cleavenger is a graduate of UO Law and currently works as a clerk at the Eugene federal court. In his lawsuit, he said that the list was assembled during night shifts and that several officers contributed. The list was kept on Officer Eric LeRoy's cell phone and, according to the lawsuit, the list was a constant topic and debated over during work hours.
[...] admit that there were remarks made about a bowl of dicks list but deny such remarks were made during "many" briefings; and admit the referenced list was and is maintained on Leroy's cell phone. The remaining allegations of paragraph 20 are denied.
In response to paragraph 21, Defendants admit the list identified in paragraph 20 contained dozens of entries; admit O.J. Simpson, Oprah Winfrey and Hilary Clinton were and are on this list; admit Plaintiff alleges he does not have a copy of the list; and admit officers will confirm the existence of the list.
“The list was not meant maliciously, it was not labeled with the vulgarity referred to in the court complaint, and was not a collection of ‘enemies,'” said UO Police Chief Carolyn McDermed.
And, note that the court complaint explains that the “eat a bowl …” list was a work in progress that was frequently updated, debated, and discussed. So why does UO only provide one version, and act as if it's the only one? Here's UO's response to my request for “any public records that list the members of the “Bowl of Dicks” list kept by UOPD employee Eric LeRoy.”:
On FridayJul 11, 2014, at 10:22 AM, Office of Public Records <pubrec@uoregon.edu> wrote:
"… The attached list is responsive to your request. It is a list of names that was maintained on a UOPD officer's phone as referenced in a pending litigation.
Thank you for contacting the office with your request."
Every other public records response from UO includes this boiler-plate:
"The office considers these documents to be fully responsive to your request, and will now close your matter. Thank you for contacting the office with your request."
Why did they leave it out this time? Because they've got more lists?
Cliff Harris
Alejandro Maldonado
"A recent story with information about a legal matter involving a former employee of the University of Oregon Police Department focused primarily on the unproven allegations of the former public safety officer and did not provide the university's responses to the courts or the newspaper reporter,” said the university.
UO Police Chief Carolyn McDermed declined this week to comment on Cleavenger's firing, saying that the university “does not comment on pending litigation.”
Among the many things Richard Nixon was infamous for, his "Enemies List" stands out for the sheer pettiness involved. The most powerful man in the free world took time out of his schedule to compose a running tab of everyone who had ever slighted him. Without a doubt, the world is full of such pettiness, but most of it remains unexposed, or deployed by people the public could not care less about.A former campus cop for the University of Oregon (now a court clerk) has sued the school for wrongful termination, something he claims was the result of retaliatory actions by his UOPD (University of Oregon Police Dept.) supervisors. The list of allegations is long and detailed, but much of the friction seems to track back to an (allegedly) oft-discussed "enemies" list maintained by one UOPD officer that (again, allegedly) contained a number of people, ideas and entities that these officers felt should "eat a bowl of dicks." That this sort of behavior occurs is no surprise. In the "us vs. them" environment of law enforcement, it's almost expected. But it's rarely admitted to and even more rarely exposed in such a public fashion. Cleavenger alleges that the defendants discussed this list during briefings and many other times during the course of the shift and, most worryingly, that the list contained names of University of Oregon staff and administration.Rather than the expected denial, the defendants openly admitted (in their filed response to the allegations) the list exists, although they claim it wasn't discussed quite as frequently as Cleavenger alleges and doesn't contain the names of people these officers worked for (and in conjunction with).Despite the defendants stating in a legal filing that the list was referred to as the "bowl of dicks" list, a statement from the chief of the UOPD denied the phone-contained list was referred to by that name But itlabeled that way, and the defendants are on record saying so. The allegations in Cleavenger's complaint note that the list was a "work in progress and constantly updated," a detail that caught the eye of the UO Matters blog. It issued a public records request for the "bowl of dicks" list and received its own version, albeit one that now contains redactions There are two names redacted in the UO matters version, both of whom are former Oregon football players.Apparently, this information wasn't deemed sensitive enough to redact from the UOPD's version of the definitely-not-a-"bowl-of-dicks" list. What's not contained in these documents are Cleavenger's more serious allegations: that University of Oregon staff were included in the extensive compilation.What itlook like is a list of annoyances, running from A-, B- and C-list celebrities (Beyonce, Miley Cyrus, Gary Busey) to stuff that generally annoys a large subsection of the public (mouth breathers, fraternities, Comcast, Windows Vista). In fact, for the most part, this is probably one of the least controversial "hate" lists to ever be outed. Osama bin Laden makes the list. So does David Hasselhoff. And Adobe Acrobat.One of the stranger inclusions is " ORS 352.385 ," the state statute that provides for the creation and funding of university police departments. Were these campus cops suffering from a bit of self-hatred? Maybe they didn't see themselves as "real" cops and felt that they shouldn't be expected to do much more than hole up in the office and compile a list of eminently hateable entities.So… tempest in a dickbowl? Possibly, but there are still unanswered questions as to whether the list(s) that have been made public were edited by Officer Eric LeRoy before turning it over to authorities. If these officers were including campus staff on its enemies list, that's definitely a cause for concern, especially if it prompted any sort of harassment under the color of law.But at this point, there's no indication this was much more than a crude inside joke for UOPD officers, albeit one that apparently consumed a great deal of each workday. The university has gone on the defensive , however, which indicates there may be something to Cleavenger's allegations.The " blame the press " approach -- one that nearly universally goes terribly but is almost always the first reaction to negative attention. But, considering the following was the initial response, what did the university PD expect?Now, the press is focusing on the fact that the UOPD not only admitted its officers compiled an enemies list, but that it also attached a vulgar name to said list. The official denial by Chief McDermed says otherwise, but one would think that the legal document filed in response to Cleavenger's allegations is the more trustworthy version. And that version clearly says the list was referred to as the "bowl of dicks" list.Police officers should know better than anyone else how much evidence a cell phone can store. It's one thing to be obnoxious behind closed doors during long, boring night shifts. It's quite another to (allegedly) hassle an officer out of a job because he disagreed with the contents of a vulgarly-named list and the amount of time being spent keeping such a non-essential item updated.This list doesn't seem to indicate these officers' attitude towards the general public was less healthy than any other person's. In fact, in its own perverse way, it somewhat humanizes these public servants. I mean, who doesn't hate Vista and Acrobat? But if further versions come to light -- ones that show the police were adding staff or students to this obviously negative list -- then it's likely the surface indicator of something uglier lying underneath.
Filed Under: enemies list, police, university of oregon police department, uopd
Companies: university of oregon
It's impossible to depict who you are as a woman
You've far surpassed the limitations of poetic words
Skool Luv Affair / BTS
With the rain falling
I feel like I'm going to fall too
On Rainy Days / B2ST
When I think of you,
a day only filled with sighs feels so long
Sleepless Night / SHINee
I'll gift you the world,
you just have to be the owner of it
ROD / G-Dragon
Like the glue of a sticker that's been stuck on and off
Only messy remnants are left behind when you leave
Movie's Over / Block B
Our BGM is the sound of our breaths
Just One Day / BTS
A child in the Sunflower class in kindergarten
is now at the age to spray perfume
Say U Say Me / VIXX
Because I wish that every second we spend together
is as long as a second of fencing in London
11:30 / Block B
You're a verbal rendezvous,
an endless road that can't be traveled alone
We walk hand in hand in a kiss before we fall
Excuse Me Miss / SHINee
With you in my arms
I pray that this night where you and I are one doesn't pass
My Girl / BtoB
Try to imagine our future together
Baby sneakers in between our couple shoes
Miss Right / BTS
Who thought that the words breathed out through stolen lips
would be the very necklace that was choking me
1/3 / INFINITE
Do you remember our temperature
and my warm hands that embraced you
Someday / VIXX
Let's meet when Morning Glories bloom
and bid farewell when the flowers wilt
Just One Day / BTS
All of the love I kept embraced in my heart has died
so I'm quitting with it too
Why / BtoB
When things start feeling better, I recognize it right away
and start stabbing where it hurts the most, choking myself
Dance With U / B2ST
I'm not even an artist,
but now I grab the brush of our memories
and paint your face
Someday / VIXX
I can't be calm in the face of our inevitable break up
I can't be discharged when the hospital room I'm in is you
Am I the Only One? / Block B
The emotion of love is weird because
I make you laugh
but you leave me for the man who makes you cry
Skool Luv Affair / BTS
The only keepsakes of my youth are pictures
My adolescence is the ornamental decorations of others
Still Alive / Big Bang
Your skin was white and pure
Not a freckle leading to our break up
(TN: freckle and sign share the same word 'gimi')
You're My Angel /BtoB
I'll build you a wealth from our memories
and make you rich
My Girl From Today / VIXX
The lightless moon must be so happy
to be able to see you every night
Starlight Song / B1A4
I'll become as marvelous as your ideal man
Romantically / Block B
You always send me short replies
"k", "sleeping", "no"
that are less than 10 bytes big
You're a keeper who has lost her will
and I'm the message speeding through an empty void
What am I to you / BTS
I'll kick away every woman who isn't you
I swear, like Beckham's free kick
and the result will surely be Victoria
Love, Lalala / VIXX
Watching over you from afar is the only way to possess you
without getting hurt
Be My Light / Block B
We do not simply live in life
but manage to live on
and as we manage to live on
we all eventually disappear
Tomorrow / BTS
-
Advertisement Maine girl battling cancer granted Christmas wish to meet Tom Brady Hailey Steward's wish was to meet NFL quarterback Share Shares Copy Link Copy
An 8-year-old Maine girl battling cancer had her No. 1 Christmas wish granted: She met New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.Hailey Steward, of Bethel, is battling B-cell leukemia for the second time. She was first diagnosed in October 2012 and was on the road to recovery.Hailey's room at The Barbara Bush Children's Hospital is decked out in New England Patriots memorabilia. Her window has “Pat the Patriot” painted in the corner and a sign on the door with a message for visitors.“If I ever met him, I'd excitedly pass out and faint,” Hailey told WMTW News 8's Courtney Sturgeon before Christmas.A representative from the Patriots contacted WMTW News 8 shortly after the Dec. 16 story aired, inviting Hailey and her family to Sunday's game. However, Hailey could not go because she had to prepare for treatment this past week.37138672Christmas morning, Hailey received a special message."Hi Hailey, Merry Christmas. It's Tom Brady," the video said. "I heard you had a special Christmas wish you wanted this year and I've got one too. I was hoping you'd be willing to come down here before we leave for New York and I get a chance to meet you. Maybe you can ask your mom and dad if that's what you can have for Christmas. Hopefully you can make it and I look forward to meeting you."Hailey and Brady met Saturday at Gillette Stadium.Hailey's mom, Tabaitha Steward, said Hailey is "tired, but doing good.""I'm crazy," Hailey said when asked what she thought when Brady said her name.Hailey was able to be home for Christmas, but will have to return to the hospital Tuesday for more treatment, her mother said.37140578The Patriots play the New York Jets in New Jersey on Sunday.Hailey said she will never wash the spot on her head where Brady gave her a kiss. No. 12 also signed her Brady jersey and gave her a hat to match his.
Locals in different areas watched the incredible spectacles as three active volcanoes erupted at the same in Indonesia in the last week.
Mount Gamalama volcano was seen spewing ash in Ternate, Maluku Utara on 3 August. Gamalama Vocano Observing Post, operated by the Volcanology Survey of Indonesia reported that the blast was categorised as weak, with ash bursts hitting a height of up to 600 metres. The eruption was suspected to be triggered by a 4.6 magnitude earthquake. No injuries were being reported from any of the eruptions.
Mount Sinabung volcano also erupted near the Tiga Pancur Village in Karo, Sumatra on the same day. Large clouds of ash were reported but no flights were disrupted in the area. Local people gathered to watch the amazing sights, taking pictures from a nearby cafe.
The trails around Rinjani National Park in Lombok Islands are temporarily closed following continuous activity from Mount Barujari, the baby volcano in the area that has been erupting continuously since last week but it is thought that they will open again soon.
Indonesia has more active volcanoes than any other country in the world due to its proximity to the Pacific Ring of Fire, an area of huge seismic activity. It is home to close to 150, many of which are active today.
A 22-year-old western Sydney man was saved by NSW Fire and Rescue officers after spending three hours stuck inside a washing machine. Bankstown Fire and Rescue posted photos of the bizarre rescue on their Facebook page on Monday. "Recently the crew from D Platoon were turned out to a rescue incident in which a person had become trapped in a front loader washing machine," the post on the Bankstown Fire and Rescue page said. "Upon arrival the crew was informed that the patients' legs had been entrapped in the washing machine for at least 3 hours."
1 of 4
A 22-year-old western Sydney man was saved by NSW Fire and Rescue officers after spending three hours stuck inside a washing machine.
Bankstown Fire and Rescue posted photos of the bizarre rescue on their Facebook page on Monday.
"Recently the crew from D Platoon were turned out to a rescue incident in which a person had become trapped in a front loader washing machine," the post on the Bankstown Fire and Rescue page said.
"Upon arrival the crew was informed that the patients' legs had been entrapped in the washing machine for at least 3 hours."
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Breaking Benjamin frontman Benjamin Burnley has claimed that he was asked to post about Star Wars Battlefront to his social network channels to promote the game, something he refused to do. Burnely shared the image below of a broken Battlefront Xbox One disc through his Instagram account this weekend, along with the fiery caption. Apparently, he'd rather watch the prequel films than play the game.
On Halloween, Burnley dressed up as Kylo Ren, one of the villains in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Perhaps EA's marketing team (or whatever group is handling the game's promotional efforts) saw this and deemed Burnely to be a fitting candidate to promote the game.
We have followed up with EA in an attempt to learn more.
Burnley would not have been the first high-profile person to promote Battlefront. Before this, Sony and EA enlisted Pitch Perfect and Twlight star Anna Kendrick for a live-action Battlefront commercial. She's been posting about the game on Twitter, where she has close to 5 million followers.
By comparison, Burnley has 47,000 followers on Twitter and 48,000 on Instagram.
Battlefront launched on November 17 and received a generally positive critical reception. GameSpot's review scored it a 7/10, while other publications also spoke favorably. Looking ahead, Battlefront is getting free The Force Awakens-inspired DLC in December, with additional paid expansion packs to follow in 2016.
On a longer timeline, EA recently teased that Battlefront sequels are also in the works.
Download Release Notes Changelog Overview of 10.1
Release date: 2 Mar 2015
MariaDB 10.1 is the current development series of MariaDB. It is an evolution of MariaDB 10.0 with several entirely new features not found anywhere else and with backported and reimplemented features from MySQL 5.6 and 5.7.
MariaDB 10.1.3 is a Beta release. One should not expect any notable new features or incompatible interface changes in 10.1 after this release.
Thanks, and enjoy MariaDB!
This is the first beta release in the MariaDB 10.1 series. One should not expect any notable new features or incompatible interface changes in 10.1 after this release.
Major new features
Other notable changes
Do not use beta releases on production systems!
Repositories exist for 10.1, but because 10.1 is still Beta, they are not visible in the repository configuration tool. To configure a 10.1 apt, yum, or zypper repository using the tool, simply select 10.0 and then when executing the instructions, manually change all occurrences of '10.0' to '10.1'.
For a complete list of changes made in MariaDB 10.1.3, with links to detailed information on each push, see the changelog.
Author: Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
Who says you have to give up your must-have Windows applications when you migrate to Linux? If you can't leave some crucial Windows program behind, you can run it using CodeWeavers' latest version of CrossOver Linux.
Though today there are many great Linux end-user applications, some people still have "must-have" Windows applications -- Quicken instead of GnuCash, for instance, or Photoshop instead of the GIMP. That's where CrossOver Linux 7 comes in.
With this new version, you can run more Windows programs on Linux than ever. Such popular Windows programs as Microsoft Office -- from 97 to 2007 -- Internet Explorer 6, and Quicken run almost as well on Linux as they do on Windows. Other programs, like Adobe Photoshop CS3, run decently albeit not perfectly on Linux with CrossOver.
CrossOver is based on the open source project Wine, an implementation of the Windows API on top of the Unix/Linux operating system family. Wine is a very mature project, which, after 15 years of development, has reached the 1.0 mark.
You don't need CrossOver Linux to run Windows applications on Linux. Wine alone is enough. Wine, however, requires more technical expertise to use properly. What CrossOver gives you is an automated Windows application installation and technical support. For most users, who just want to run their Windows programs and not bother with the nuts and bolts of Wine, CrossOver Linux, which retails for $40, is worth the money. CodeWeavers also offers CrossOver Mac, which brings the same functionality to Intel-powered Macs.
To see how well this Wine 1.0-powered edition of CrossOver Linux works I tested it on two systems. The first was my main openSUSE 11 desktop, a Hewlett-Packard Pavilion A6040N Desktop PC powered by a 1.86GHz Intel Core 2 Duo E6320 dual-core processor with 2GB of 533MHz RAM and a 320GB SATA (Serial ATA) hard drive running at 7200 RPM. It's a good 2007-era PC.
I also put CrossOver 7 through its paces on an older Gateway 503GR running Ubuntu 8.04. It comes with a 3GHz Pentium 4 CPU, 2GB of RAM, an ATI Radeon 250 graphics card, and a 300GB SATA drive. Both systems had more than enough raw horsepower power to run Linux, CrossOver Linux, and multiple Windows and Linux applications simultaneously.
CrossOver requires very little from a system. CodeWeavers claims that any 32-bit system that runs at 200MHz can run CrossOver. The program will run on 64-bit systems, but only if they have the 32-bit compatibility library installed. CrossOver also requires that your Linux includes Glibc 2.3.x or greater and X11R6 3.3 or greater. XFree86 4 with XRender and FreeType support is recommended. The bottom line is any modern Linux can run CrossOver.
The program can be installed in several different ways. The sure-fire way of installing it on any Linux is to use its shell script. Once you have it installed, CrossOver presents you with a GUI that works equally well with both KDE and GNOME. Here, you choose which Windows applications you want to install from a supplied list of supported applications.
Installing Windows applications is a snap. It's a pick and clip operation. You can also install non-supported applications. Some, such as my favorite HTML editor, NoteTab, even though not technically supported, will run, albeit with some problems.
You should also keep in mind that, while CodeWeavers is trying to support the most popular Windows applications on Linux, it doesn't support every program. Check the company's compatibility pages to see if anyone has tried to run your particular favorite program with CrossOver and how well it has gone for them.
Once in place, the supported Windows applications ran without a hitch. I spent most of my time working on Word 2003 documents, Excel 2003 spreadsheets, IE 6, and fairly complicated Quicken 2006 financial statements. The programs ran well. As a matter of fact they ran better on Linux than they did on Vista. Quicken, in particular, took better to CrossOver than it did to Vista. With a little research I found out that this was not just me. Vista is known to have trouble with several versions of Quicken.
Some Windows software runs better on Linux than it does on the latest version of Windows -- who knew?
CrossOver isn't perfect of course. While I was able to run Photoshop CS3, I sometimes had trouble rendering the CS3 interface. A screen refresh usually took care of the problem, but some users will doubtlessly find that annoying.
I would also sometimes need to force a screen refresh when one Windows application's window covered up another. When I'd reveal the "lower" application, the part of it that had been covered by the other Windows application wouldn't render properly. After doing anything with the new foreground application, such as running a command, the foreground program's screen reappeared as it should.
CodeWeavers also offers CrossOver Linux Professional, which costs $70, can be used for multiple users, and comes with CrossOver Games. This addition includes advanced support for DirectX, Microsoft's graphics application programming interfaces for games. With this, many Windows games will run well on Linux. I can personally attest that zapping your enemies and other baddies in World of Warcraft and Guild Wars is just as much fun on Linux as it on Windows. CrossOver Games is also available separately for $40.
Not sure if CrossOver is right for you? You can download a free 30-day trial version of CrossOver Linux and a seven-day trial edition of CrossOver Games. You should find that more than enough time to see if these programs deliver the Windows goods for you.
A person is holding an Armatix iP1-Pistole and wearing the watch to unlock the gun on July 11, 2014 at a shooting range at the headquarters of Armatix in Unterfoehring, near Munich, Germany. (Photo: For The Washington Post)
After vehement protests helped block the nation's first smart gun from entering the marketplace, proponents of the technology are gearing up for another fight, intent on capitalizing on renewed interest in gun safety following a spate of high-profile shootings.
Ernst Mauch, the renowned German firearms engineer who designed the gun but left its manufacturer, is in the United States this week exploring starting a company to build another smart gun, perhaps with one of his previous competitors.
Mauch wants to persuade police groups to back the technology, which allows only authorized users to fire guns, hoping that will assure Second Amendment advocates and consumers that smart guns should be embraced, not rejected. The head of the International Association of Chiefs of Police said this week that agencies are eager to test and perhaps adopt smart guns.
Meanwhile, lawmakers in New Jersey are considering doing away with a controversial law mandating that all firearms sold in the state be smart guns if one were sold anywhere in the United States. Gun industry groups, particularly the National Rifle Association, fiercely oppose the law. An announcement about the mandate is expected Monday.
“I still want people to understand that there is a huge potential for this technology,” Mauch said in an interview at a Virginia hotel where he was holding meetings with possible partners. “The technology was never in question.”
Proponents of smart guns say the weapons can reduce street violence with stolen firearms, prevent children from using their parents' guns in school shootings, stop accidents in homes with young children and eliminate thousands of suicides.
Mauch's .22-caliber iP1, built by Armatix GmbH near Munich, has battery-powered electronic chips inside the gun that when activated communicate with a special watch worn by the gun's user. If the watch is within close reach of the gun, a light on the grip turns green, and it can fire. Without the watch, it won't fire.
Armatix introduced the gun in the United States in 2014, partnering with the Oak Tree Gun Club in California to market and sell it. But the store owners backed away following angry protests, even denying the gun was on sale despite photos of it on display.
A few months later, Andy Raymond, a Maryland gun dealer, said he would sell the gun. He faced immediate protests, saying people threatened his life and his dog's, too. He quickly dropped plans to sell the gun. “I thought I was doing right,” he later said.
The New Jersey mandate was cited in both protests, with fears that other states would follow, fundamentally altering the firearms industry. But now, New Jersey Senate Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg (D), the sponsor of the law, appears ready to remove the biggest obstacle in the marketplace.
Asked whether she would soon end the mandate, Weinberg said: “We haven't finalized anything yet. I will be ready to make an announcement on Monday.”
Ralph Fascitelli, president of Washington CeaseFire, a prominent Seattle group working to reduce gun violence, said, “nobody is going to look at this again until the mandate is resolved.” And now that the mandate might be going away, Fascitelli is organizing a coalition of interested parties to make another run at bringing smart guns to market.
Fascitelli helped set up Mauch's trip to the United States, where he's had several meetings, including with Robert McNamara, whose Ireland-based company TriggerSmart has been working on technology to control guns with a ring. Mauch and McNamara said they discussed forming a company together, with the goal of raising $5 million to produce a 9mm smart gun by 2017.
“I didn't think this would be such a struggle,” McNamara said. “I thought this is such an issue, with massacres in the news so regularly, my idea was that people would be coming to me. So far I've found it's a struggle to get funding.”
Mauch and McNamara think they can persuade investors to fund smart guns by getting police groups to adopt the technology, creating a huge market first in law enforcement, then with consumers. That wasn't possible with Aramtix's iP1 because it was a .22-caliber, not powerful enough for officers, who typically carry 9mm weapons.
Richard Beary, president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, said there would be “plenty of agencies interested in beta testing the technology.” Officers fear their weapons being turned against them, something that smart guns could stop. They are also desperate for innovative ways to stop street gun violence, as well as accidents in the home and suicides.
Earlier this week, an anti-gun-violence campaign sent a letter to President Obama urging him to raise $20 million for developing smart guns before he raises money for his presidential library and foundation. The group, which is connected to the Metro Industrial Areas Foundation, says it has 80 law enforcement agencies interested in the technology.
The hurdle, Beary said, is that the guns have to perform at a high level to win support from rank-and-file officers, who may be skeptical. “It can't be 99 percent accurate,” he said. “It has to be 100 percent accurate. It has to work every single time.”
Mauch said he's already proven he can do that with his smart gun, which passed rigorous testing and certification in the United States.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1S5coIH
Image 2 icon Your Mac. Your Icons. in the USA, UK and France
Create and personalize icons from your pictures Help Twitter SF Shiny Frog
Easy Icon Creation Tired of your standard Mac icons?
Do you want to personalize your files or folders?
Image2icon provides the fastest way to customize your icons, easily and free. It's easy as pie: drop an image to Image2icon, then drag your file or folder and drop it again to apply it.
Customize your icons Unleash your creativity! The pro version provides 30 retina ready icon templates you can apply to your images Go pro and export in icns, folder, windows ico, iconset, jpg, png, favicon ( for mobile and desktop ), iOS and Android formats.
Color your icons Standard blue folders are fine but what if you add some colour?
Try changing the background colour of an icon template, you'll be surprised.
Experiment and be creative, nothing can go wrong.
Text? Emoji? Why Not Both 😱? Using text in your icon can be useful to tag files or folders.
Add emoji for a more playful result. Beware of the smiling poop! 💩
Background removal, icon restoration and much more Image2icon can make icons from any file or folder, not just images.
You can apply the icon to any file, use it in templates or convert it in png or jpeg.
Remove your image background in a few clicks for optimal results.
Wash your files to restore their default Mac OS X icon.
Batch export multiple icons in one single shot.
Tune your picture to obtain the best result.
Favicons and icons for the web? No problems! Image2icon pro features exporting in multiple favicon formats:
Multisize ico (16x16, 32x32), iPad and iPhone regular and retina, Android and IE10 Metro.
A handy tool for iOS/Android developers Are you a fellow iOS developer? We have some free features for you!
Image2icon can convert your images to all the icon formats needed for your iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch app.
Android developer? We can help you to make launcher and Play Store icons.
We speak many languages Image2icon is available in 7 different languages: English, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Japanese and Chinese.
Do you want image2icon to be localized in your language? Write us.
Do you want to Apply for translation? You guessed right, contact us.
Ok, but... What about the price ? Image2icon will convert your images into icons for free! Templates, background removal, Favicons,
windows ico (256x256 pixels with alpha channel), iconset, jpg and png export are available via In-App Purchases.
You can purchase buy everything for 9.99$.
"There's a problem on the horizon. There is no horizon."
K-2SO - Rouge One
A Native American leader at the forefront of efforts to ban the “racist” Washington Redskins team name dressed up in blackface for Halloween, according to a report.
Terry Rambler, chairman of the San Carlos Apache Tribe in Arizona, posted a Facebook picture of himself as reggae legend Bob Marley, according to the Independent Journal.
“I had fun tonight at the Bylas Halloween Carnival,” he wrote of a picture of himself flashing a peace sign and wearing a dreadlocks wig with blackface makeup.
“I joined up with the Bylas Wellness Program and gave out information & candy and set up a ring toss booth. It was so awesome seeing the happy and enthusiastic faces of our children.”
Several of Rambler's Facebook friends chimed in and chastised him about the get-up. He hasn't immediately responded.
Ello
People sure are excited about Ello.
If you haven't heard the hype, Ello is the once-mysterious social network that promises zero ads and a creative layout.
Ello is currently in beta, and is invite-only, which has led to influx of people signing up and requesting invites.
Two days ago, Ello was seeing 4,000 signups per hour, but that number has ballooned in the last 48 hours, as people continue to create accounts and request invites.
"We're up to 38,000 signups per hour recently," Ello founder Paul Budnitz tells Business Insider.
And while the interest in Ello is promising, Budnitz says they're not trying to be the biggest social network out there, even though people continue to characterize Ello as a threat to Facebook.
"It's not really what we're about," says Budnitz. "We're not trying to be the biggest."
To get a sense of what Ello looks like, you can take a look at a preview of Budnitz's Ello profile below or sign up for an invitation here.
It Hurts So Good
For people who think too much, the end of school and the start of university is a strange and occasionally terrifying time. Despite all the evidence to suggest it would never happen, your school years are over, and you're forced to accept that time will continue to move. In my case, the discovery of life's finiteness meant that it suddenly felt imperative that I really did something with my first year at uni, beyond the standard mixture of beers/weed/clubs/marathon runs of Breaking Bad/Domino's/10 hour sleeps/pondering whether university is all it's cracked up to be. I'm often prone to introversion when faced with freedom, so without some kind of kick it would be easy to slip into a dull and potentially lonely routine.
In retrospect, what I really wanted was an intense experience, and due to various factors there were only two obvious ways of achieving that. Option 1: take an enormous amount and variety of drugs (this is hardly rare amongst Philosophy students) and plunge head first into Bristol's underground clubbing scene (to describe it as drug-orientated would be an understatement, see the logo for one of the most popular nights to the left). Option 2: Rowing. At the time I wasn't thinking like this at all, and had no idea how all-encompassing either lifestyle could be. [Don't worry: This isn't a debate about healthy living at all; that's an attribute of rowing too obvious to be worth writing about]
I have never considered myself/been considered a sporty person; I see the attraction but tend to be more comfortable in other areas. And yet, for some reason, I picked up a sport which demanded 12 training sessions a week, a handful of which would easily dominate a list of my life's most physically painful experiences.
A 2k test, for example, is when you are sat on the worst contraption ever devised by mankind: a rowing machine, and then have to row 2000 metres as quickly as possible. From 0-500m, you try to keep cool and calm – aware that pain is on its way – and attempt to maintain good technique. From 500-1000m, various parts of your body begin to send warning signals that all is not well. From 1000-1500m those signals turn to screams, often echoed by the members of your squad clustered around you demanding that you give your all. At this point you will likely decide that you should obviously quit rowing as nothing is worth this, and yet as my teammate put it ‘something innate at the back of your mind makes you realise that you can't let your crewmates down because they've put in just as much effort as you‘. From 1500-2000m all that matters is holding on; with little consciousness of technique left, the extension of legs-core-arms has merged into one ‘go faster' button which you hammer with whatever energy you have left. Our captains used to sum up with mindset necessary for a successful 2k test with the phrase ‘body in the oven, head in the freezer', and the experience of having 800 metres left to go is described quite nicely by the cartoon on the right.
I have seen rowers collapse or vomit at various stages of these tests (a special mention must go to Henry Mellen, who once managed to throw up before his began), and yet they keep coming back for training the next day. Why on Earth would you not quit rowing the moment it becomes clear that you'll be asked to put yourself through this anaerobic hell again? Because just as hedonistic highs are followed by comedowns, masochistic pains are followed by deep, fecund pleasures.
The actual act of rowing in an 8-person-boat is often bizarrely satisfying; every member has to contribute to the power, rhythm and balance, and so the sound of a unified ‘chunk' (at the end of a stroke) becomes pleasurable to the point of mild arousal. A successful performance comes with the knowledge that not only are you doing your job right, but so is your whole crew, and the residual respect built up as a result justifies any clichéd claims of ‘brotherhood'. On the gym side of things, it's impossible to explain the feeling of getting a 6k time which you would have been physically incapable of reaching a month ago; pride doesn't quite cut it. Funnily enough, drugs are actually a pretty useful simile to use, as the serotonin that floods your brain after extreme exercise is the exact same chemical triggered by MDMA, and the enjoyment I've garnered from the simplest post-session meals would suggest hefty post-weed munchies. (Other benefits of rowing include being allowed – nay required – to eat enormous amounts of food, telling everyone within a 5 metre radius of you that you row, and being paid to attend nightclubs due to the crowd of adoring fans who will doubtlessly follow)
I recently met up with an old friend who went to the same university as me, considered rowing just as I did, and went instead for continuous drugs and clubbing. She found it odd that despite being a music fanatic and living in Britain's most musical city, I chose a lifestyle that prevented me from frequenting its critically acclaimed clubs and absorbing their vibes with the help of various narcotics. However, rowing has allowed me access to a completely different plethora of musical experiences. Having the ‘right song' come on whilst out clubbing is exciting, but having it come on when you are just starting a 6k and need to keep calm and concerted, or when you're near the end and need to be dragged over the finish line is far more intense. I still get an mild adrenaline rush when listening to Kendrick Lamar's verse from Control, it's just natural association by memory.
If you want to try out an lifestyle whereby you experience extreme highs and unavoidable lows, it's impossible to say which will make you happier overall. You may never again have the freedom that a student loan, overdraft and first year course gives you, to take shitloads of drugs with little consequences. Equally you may never again have the opportunity to push your body to its limits and experience the unique highs and lows that come as a result.
If you're still not bored of hearing about this rowing lark, below is a montage my crew made about our rowing camp over Easter. It takes itself very seriously, but to be frank most rowers feel that they've earned that right; when consulting a fellow rower (and occasional writer) about this article he suggested I end it with the Chris Hedges quote ‘The rush of battle is often a potent and lethal addiction, for war is a drug', something that may sound ridiculous to any non-rower, and utterly justified to anyone else.
Advertisements
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Abilene's annual 'Fireworks Spectacular Show' has been canceled this year.
ABILENE, Texas (KTAB/KRBC) - Abilene's annual 'Fireworks Spectacular Show' has been canceled this year.
WesTex Connect, the vendor that has put on the show for years, has decided to suspend the 2017 show which was set to take place in the Festival Gardens at Nelson Park. However, the company does plan to bring back a show for 2018.
The following statement was released on Monday, announcing this year's cancelation:
WesTex Connect has elected to suspend their annual Fourth of July
Fireworks Show for 2017. It takes a lot of sponsors, volunteers,
preparations, ticket sales, logistics, and tremendous support from local
media to put on the caliber of show that we bring to Abilene and the Big
Country. Unfortunately, all of these areas have not come together this
year as necessary. We are currently working with the City, Sharon's BBQ
and hopefully several other sponsors for contingency on a 2018 show.
KTAB and KRBC are currently unaware of any alternate plans for a firework show in Abilene this year, though we are awaiting more information.
Stick with BigCountryHomepage for any updates!
HuffPo Writer Tossed from CPAC For Handing Out Russian ‘Trump' Flags (VIDEO)
A man named Ryan Clayton was thrown out of CPAC for handing out Russian flags with ‘Trump' written on them.
Ryan Clayton is a leftist who is a part of Bob Creamer's group ‘Americans Taking Action'.
Bob Creamer is a provocateur who was busted by Project Veritas in a series of undercover videos. Creamer used ‘bird dogging' to incite violence at Donald Trump's rallies.
Video of Clayton being removed from CPAC:
Crowd at CPAC waving these little pro-Trump flags that look exactly like the Russian flag. Staffers quickly come around to confiscate them. pic.twitter.com/YhPpkwFCNc — Peter Hamby (@PeterHamby) February 24, 2017
(PHOTO: Peter Hamby Twitter account)
Ryan Clayton harassed James O'Keefe and fellow conservatives at a recent Republican meeting in New York City.
This was Ryan Clayton from Bob Creamer group "Americans Take Action" handing Russian flags. Ryan was forcibly removed. You edited that out. https://t.co/hKwywREjn5 — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) February 24, 2017
Clayton was also frogmarched from the “Hating Breitbart” premier in Washington DC in 2012.
Girls at mixed-sex schools feel more under pressure to be thin and have lower self-esteem than those at girls' schools, a study has found (file photo)
Girls at mixed-sex schools feel more under pressure to be thin than those at all-girls' schools, a study has found.
They were also more likely to feel pressure to be thin and have lower self-esteem, it was revealed.
The presence of boys may make girls worry more about how they look, researchers said.
On the other hand, an all-female environment may protect young women from negative messages about body image, they added.
The team, from the University of Bristol, wanted to investigate the factors that contribute to a young woman's confidence.
Society 'continues to advocate an unrealistically thin body shape' and girls being aware of this pressure - and acting on it - is 'increasingly concerning', they said.
They wanted to find out if the type of school a young woman attends affects her self-esteem - something they said was 'largely unexplored' before their study.
As part of their research, they recruited 212 British girls with an average age of 13.8 attending either a single-sex or co-educational (mixed sex) school in West Sussex, south east England.
The schools were broadly similar in socioeconomic terms, and school uniform was compulsory at both.
The girls were given questionnaires which asked them for their height and weight, and their Body Mass Index was calculated from the results.
The questionnaires also asked about their attitudes to appearance and weight; whether they were currently trying to lose weight, and, if so, by what method.
They were also quizzed about their self-esteem and their social support network.
Despite the majority - 79 per cent - of the girls having a normal BMI, researchers found 46 per cent were trying to lose weight.
Some 23 per cent were doing this through dieting; 41 per cent by exercising and 1 per cent by smoking.
While there were few differences between the two schools, women in the same-sex one were more likely to take pressures to be thin to heart.
The presence of boys may inflate girls' worries about how they look, lowering confidence, researchers said
The presence of boys may cause women to care more about how they look - lowering their confidence, researchers said.
Writing in the report, lead author Victoria Cribb, of the University of Bristol, said: 'Internalising the thin ideal portrayed by the media has a stronger link with self-esteem in girls attending a co-educational school.
'Greater internalisation is linked to lower self-esteem in girls in mixed gender environments.'
The study supports the argument that the presence of boys inflates girls worries about their looks, lowering self-esteem, she added.
Meanwhile, in same-sex schools, women may be protected from taking cultural attitudes about women being thin to heart - meaning it doesn't affect their confidence as much.
If you work for them! I think it took nearly the whole internet to rescue this kitty from a high-kill shelter in Georgia!
But here she is, safe and sound at the home of Bobbie from the Cats ~ Goats ~ Quotes blog, and getting ready for the next leg of her trip to her forever home in Arkansas.
We did not think she was going to make it. Robin, who originally wrote about her on her blog, Covered in Cat Hair, really did not believe she was going to be saved, but posted about her on the off chance that word would get out to someone who could help. When I saw Robin's blog post, I decided that this kitty had to live, so I linked to Robin's blog post from my Facebook page the next day (Monday June 28). I also wrote a blog post about her and put the word out to KC at the Cat Blogosphere. By Tuesday the word had spread like mad. Humans and cats were posting on their blogs and Facebook pages, re-Tweeting, posting on forums, emailing and doing anything they could to save the life of this one cat in need. A few of us, including Dorian of Your Daily Cute, got really passionate about it.
Throughout the day, there were a lot of potential leads, but nothing definite. People would tentatively step up, then back out. Bobbie told Dorian that she was close enough to pick up the kitty, but she couldn't keep her (Bobbie already has 10 cats!). As Tuesday wound down, leaving just one more day to save the kitty, my human (ever the pessimist) was beginning to think that the buzz all over the internet was just random noise, and that there was no one who could or would take real action. But then, the miracle happened! All the reposting reached a couple of people involved with a Little Rock, AR group called Feline Rescue and Rehome (FuRR). The kitty reminded one of the volunteers of a beautiful black cat he had lost, and a member of the organization's board began working out arrangements to get the kitty moved from Georgia to Arkansas. On Wednesday, Bobbie was able to pick up the kitty (temporarily named Arizona), and have a couple of vets check her out. The kitty spent the night with Bobbie, and Susan from FuRR is finalizing the details of getting her to her new home.
But it gets better! Carolyn of ALL C.A.T.S. found out about the kitty's plight through Jan of Jan's Funny Farm, and even though she has been sick, she wanted to help. When she discovered that the cat had been adopted, she offered to save a white kitty who would otherwise have died. And that's not all — a helpful/ hopeful worker at Henry County Animal Control (where the kitty was) told Robin she could pull some kittens off of death row if the funds were available… so the story continues.
The lesson? Expect a miracle — but keep plugging away while you're waiting for it to happen!
* * *
See all of Summer's merch at her See all of Summer's merch at her Designercat Shop , available on Zazzle.
True: Trump has advocated more countries getting nuclear weapons
“This is a person who has been very cavalier, even casual about the use of nuclear weapons. He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan. Korea. Even Saudi Arabia.” — Hillary Clinton
The Clinton campaign has blasted Trump for being too cavalier on nuclear weapons, including advocating the spread of nuclear weapons to countries like Saudi Arabia, Japan and South Korea. On several occasions, Trump indicated an openness to other nations to obtain nuclear weapons, citing the cost of the U.S. to protect countries against regional threats.
“Well I think maybe it's not so bad to have Japan — if Japan had that nuclear threat, I'm not sure that would be a bad thing for us,” Trump said in an interview with the New York Times, referencing the nation's ability to protect itself against a nuclear threat from North Korea.
And asked by Cooper if he had “no problem with Japan an South Korea” having nukes, Trump responded: “ At some point we have to say, you know what, we're better off if Japan protects itself against this maniac in North Korea. We're better off, frankly, if South Korea is going to start to protect itself.”
All noted, Trump's past statements and positions on nuclear proliferation have been contradictory.
This story has been updated with additional context.
(Photo: Michael Palmer/CC BY-SA 4.0)
Rhydypandy, a village in south Wales, has a sheep problem. The grazers have been running amok in the village, eating people's gardens and breaking into homes, according to the Telegraph. One of them even died after running into the road. This isn't, in other words, normal sheep behavior.
But what could be the cause? A county official suspects it is marijuana. Ioan Richard, a councillor, told the Telegraph that the discarded remains of an illegal marijuana farm had been unceremoniously dumped on the side of the road. It has since been removed, but did the sheep get to it before authorities did?
Richard says it's possible.
“We could have an outbreak out of psychotic sheep rampaging through the village,” Richard told the Telegraph.
But a local bartender told the Daily Beast that reports of stoned sheep were overblown. Sheep have always invaded people's gardens, the bartender said, and, besides, she thinks a stoned sheep would likely just fall asleep.
Stoned sheep or not, Richard took the episode as a chance to rail against illegal dumping, which is frequent in rural Wales. There was no word on whether Richard lectured the sheep on marijuana being a gateway drug.
Although Capitals Coach Bruce Boudreau said “I'm not going to talk about any players today” when asked if Mike Knuble made the trip with the team, all signs point to the veteran right wing missing Game 4 at Madison Square Garden tonight.
It's hard to know for certain, but it's possible Knuble may not have traveled to New York as there was no sign of him at the morning skate.
Knuble hasn't skated for three days, something that only occurred previously this season when he broke his jaw in November. Replay footage from Game 3 shows Knuble take off his glove to examine his right hand after scoring a goal, the same shift where he appeared to have been struck in the hand by a shot from Mike Green.
Also, several Capitals discussed the upcoming contest with the expectation that they would be without the 38-year-old winger. If Knuble is out, Jason Chimera will likely move up to the first line with Alex Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom while Eric Fehr is expected to make his first appearance of the series, moving into the third line right wing spot.
Update: Here's reaction from Knuble's teammates.
Well it's been a big week for search, I think we can all agree.
If you're a regular Google user (65% of you globally) then you'll have noticed some changes, both good and bad.
I won't debate the merits of these improvements, we've done that already here: Google kills Right Hand Side Ads and here: Google launches Accelerated Mobile Pages, but there's a definite feeling of vexation that appears to be coming to a head.
Deep breath…
As the paid search space increases in ‘top-heaviness', as organic results get pushed further off the first SERP, as the Knowledge Graph scrapes more and more publisher content and continues to make it pointless to click through to a website, and as our longstanding feelings of unfairness over Google's monopoly and tax balance become more acute, now more than ever we feel there should be another, viable search engine alternative.
There was a point not that long ago when you could easily divide people between those that used Google, Yahoo, Ask Jeeves and AltaVista. Now it's got to the point where if you're not using Google, you're not really using the internet properly.
Right now though maybe we should be paying more attention to the alternatives. Maybe our daily lives and, for some of us, careers shouldn't need to balance on the fickle algorithm changes of the world's most valuable company.
Let's see what else is out there in the non-Google world. It's not that scary, I promise. Although you may want to bring a coat.
Please note: this is an update of an article published on SEW in May 2014, we felt like it needed sprucing up especially many of the listed engines (Blekko, Topsy) are no longer with us.
Bing
Microsoft's search engine is the second most popular search engine in the world, with 15.8% of the search market.
But why should you use Bing? Lifehacker has some great articles where they try to convince themselves as much as anyone else why Bing is a serious contender to Google. Plus points include:
Bing's video search is significantly better than Google's, giving you a grid of large thumbnails that you can click on to play or preview if you hover over them.
Bing often gives twice as many autocomplete suggestions than Google does.
Bing can predict when airfares are about to go up or down if you're searching for flights.
Bing also has a feature where if you type linkfromdomain:[site name] it will highlight the best ranked outgoing links from that site, helping you figure out which other sites your chosen site links to the most.
Also note that Bing powers Yahoo's search engine.
DuckDuckGo
The key feature of DuckDuckGo is that it doesn't retain its users' data, so it won't track you or manipulate results based on your behaviour. So if you're particularly spooked by Google's all-seeing, all-knowing eye, this might be the one for you.
There's lots more info on DuckDuckGo's performance here.
Quora
As Google gets better and better at answering more complicated questions, it will never be able to match the personal touch available with Quora.
Ask any question and its erudite community will offer their replies. Or you can choose from any similar queries previously asked.
Dogpile
Dogpile may look like a search engine you cobbled together with clip-art, but that's rather the point as it pulls in and ‘curates' results from various different engines including Google, Yandex and Yahoo, but removes all the ads.
Vimeo
Of course if you're going to give up Google, then you'll also have to give up YouTube, which can be a terrifying prospect. But there is an alternative. And a pretty good one at that… Vimeo. The professional's choice of video-sharing site, which has lots of HD video and no ads.
Yandex
This is a Russian portal, offering many similar products and services as Google, and it's the dominant search engine in Russia.
As you can see it offers results in a nice logical format, replete with favicons so you can clearly see the various channels for your branded queries.
Boardreader
If you want to get into the nitty-gritty of a subject with a variety of different points of view away from the major publications, Boardreader surfaces results purely from forums, message boards and, of course, Reddit.
WolframAlpha
WolframAlpha is a ‘computational knowledge engine', or super clever nerd to you and me. Ask it to calculate any data or ask it about any fact and it will give you the answer. Plus it does this awesome ‘computing' thing while it thinks about your answer (which can take a short while.)
It's not always successful, you have to practice how to get the best from it. But at least it's aware of the terrible 90s television show The Dinosaurs.
StartPage
Another search engine that puts privacy at the forefront, StartPage (originally Ixquick) was the first search engine to allow its users to search privately.
With StartPage, none of your details are stored (including your IP address) and no cookies are used, save for a single, anonymous cookie that's used to remember your preferences. (For those who want to go “cookie-free”, StartPage has a URL generator alternative to save your settings).
Uniquely, StartPage also offers a proxy for those who want to not just search, but browse, the web in full privacy.
Ask.com
Oh look… Ask Jeeves is still around. Also he's no longer a Wodehousian butler, but a computer generated bank manager. Weird.
It's still a slightly mediocre search engine pretending to be a question and answer site, but the ‘Popular Q&A' results found on the right hand side are very handy if Jeeves himself can't satisfy your query. And what a good use of the right-hand side space, huh Google.
SlideShare
SlideShare is a really handy place to source information from presentations, slide decks, webinars and whatever else you may have missed from not attending a conference.
You'll also be surprised what information you can find there.
Addict-o-matic
“Inhale the web” with the friendly looking hoover guy by creating your own topic page, which you can bookmark and see results from a huge number of channels in that one page (including Google, Bing News, Twitter, YouTube, Flickr).
Creative Commons Search
CC Search is particularly handy if you need to find copyright free images for your website (as discussed in this post on image optimisation for SEO). Just type your query in then click on your chosen site you want to search.
Giphy
Because really, when it comes down to it, we could imagine a worse dystopian future than one in which we all communicate entirely in Gifs.
Want to stay on top of the latest search trends? Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe
Image copyright AP
Passengers arriving at a growing number of international airports are being screened for Ebola. But how effective are the tests and will they really help to stop the virus spreading?
Screening is now being carried out at airports in a number of countries including the UK, US, Canada, France and the Czech Republic. People travelling from the West African nations affected by Ebola - Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone - have their temperatures taken and are asked to fill in a health questionnaire.
But when you consider the statistics, it seems the impact of this increased vigilance is limited. "Traveller screening and bans and so forth are really addressing the symptom, not necessarily the root cause, and ultimately controlling the outbreak in West Africa is going to be the most effective way to protect the interests of the rest of the world," says Dr Kamran Khan of St Michael's Hospital in Toronto.
He specialises in infectious diseases and is one of the authors of a paper examining the potential for this outbreak of Ebola to be spread by commercial air travel.
Khan analysed data for worldwide flight schedules between 1 September and 31 December this year, along with historic data from 2013 to project how many people with Ebola might leave Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
In the first part of the study, he looked at how efficient it is to screen people taking international flights, and found there were three scenarios to consider.
Image copyright AFP
The first is to screen passengers as they leave a country - this is known as exit screening.
For this there are only three points at which you would need to perform the tests - the airports that serve the capital cities of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone. Between September and December 2013, that would have meant screening 144,798 passengers.
The second option is to screen those same passengers on direct flights out of the three affected countries when they land at their destinations, which would be airports at one of 15 cities across 15 different countries - this is called entry screening.
More or Less: Behind the stats More or Less is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and the World Service, or download the free podcast Download the More or Less podcast More stories from More or Less
The third option is where things start to get tricky.
"There are very few direct flights out of the three countries and therefore most travellers have to pick up a connecting flight," says Khan
"So in order to ensure a country picked up the passengers that originated from one of the West African countries, they would need to screen all international travellers."
That sees the number of airports where screening would be required go up from 15 to 1,238 and the number of passengers that would need to be screened rises to nearly 363 million.
As a result airports would have to scan 2,512 passengers for every one that has had potential exposure to the Ebola virus.
How does entry screening work?
Image copyright Reuters
Temperatures taken to check whether people have a fever
Passengers asked questions such as, "Have you been near anyone with Ebola? Have you cared for anyone with severe illness who died of an unknown cause? Have you been vomiting or do you feel generally unwell? Have you had any contact with dead bodies or been to any funerals?"
Anyone with suspected Ebola is taken to hospital
In the UK passengers deemed to be at high risk but displaying no symptoms will be contacted daily
Travellers told who to call and what to do if they become unwell
All passengers flying from international airports in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are already screened prior to take off, and anyone who shows symptoms before boarding their plane should be refused permission to fly.
Therefore screening travellers when they land can only identify people who develop symptoms during their flight - so what are the chances of that happening?
The incubation period for Ebola - the time from exposure to the virus to a person showing symptoms - is on average 9 days. The average flight out of one of the affected West African countries is about six hours, so the window for symptoms to develop on board a plane is small.
Dr Craig Spencer - the doctor who tested positive for Ebola in New York on 23 October - was screened at JFK airport on his return from Guinea on 17 October but he wasn't picked up because he wasn't showing symptoms at the time.
For the same reason, airport tests may not have identified the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the US in the current outbreak either - Thomas Eric Duncan had travelled from Liberia to Dallas where he died.
Khan and his team also wanted to establish how many people infected with Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone were likely to fly.
The table below shows that even in the countries at the centre of the Ebola outbreak, the chances of someone becoming infected is low and very few of those people will actually fly - especially if exit screening is employed.
On average, across these three countries, one person infected with Ebola would travel every 0.14 months (roughly five days) if there were no exits screening place compared to one every 0.35 months (every 11 days) if exit screening is carried out.
Prevalence of Ebola Guinea Liberia Sierra Leone Total Population estimate 11,745,189 4,294,077 6,092,075 22,131,341 Number of active cases of Ebola (21 September 2014) 292 1,707 737 2,736 Estimated prevalence per 100,000 2.49 39.75 12.1 18.11 Monthly outbound travellers Sept-Dec 2013 14,732 12,781 14,237 41,750 Projected number of infected travellers per month, without exit screening 0.37 5.08 1.72 7.17 Projected time to one internationally exported case, without exit screening 2.7 months 0.2 months 0.6 months 0.14 months Projected time to one internationally exported case, with exit screening 8 months 0.4 months 3.9 months 0.35 months
Governments have long known how hard it is to identify passengers carrying infectious diseases - they've tried it before.
In 2003 an outbreak of Sars - severe acute respiratory syndrome - began in Guangdong province in China. In the following months cases were reported in Hong Kong, Singapore and Vietnam.
The World Health Organization issued a global health alert for Sars as it became clear that the disease was being spread by global air travel.
In response, Canada introduced screening at airports and passengers were asked a series of questions.
"700,000 people filled in a questionnaire of whom about 2,500 answered 'yes' to one of the questions. Those people were all referred for medical investigation and none of them had SARS," says David Mabey, professor of communicable diseases at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and co-author of a British Medical Journal paper Airport Screening for Ebola.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A thermal camera monitors body temperature of passengers arriving in Tocumen airport, Panama City
"They introduced thermal scanners, which are supposed to detect those with a raised temperature. Almost 500,000 went through those scanners of whom 95 were thought to have a raised temperature... but on investigation none of them had a fever.
"Overall, of more than a million people screened, not one case of Sars was found. The cost of this exercise was 17m Canadian dollars ($15m, £9.4m)," says Mabey.
Of course the dangers of not doing any screening at all at airports can be highlighted by a case in Nigeria.
On 20 July, before exit screening was introduced, a man who was ill flew from Liberia to Lagos. He collapsed at the Nigerian airport and was taken to hospital. Three days later it was confirmed that he had Ebola.
Medical experts identified 898 people who could be connected to him - primary, secondary and tertiary contacts. Had he not collapsed at the airport, and instead gone into the centre of Lagos - a city with a population of more than 20 million people - the number of contacts would have risen rapidly.
So while governments around the world are considering big screening programmes where the chances of detection are low, the research suggests screening those getting on and off direct flights is the smartest approach.
Listen to More or Less on BBC Radio 4 and the World Service, or download the free podcast.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
​Former lawmaker Ron Paul says he expects the current political climate in the United States will hardly change as a result of last week's midterm elections, even if the Republican Party will soon assume control over the Congress as a result.
Paul, a longtime Republican member of the House of Representatives who has campaigned for president both with the GOP and as a Libertarian, said on Monday that recently elections mean “very little” despite ending with Democrats losing their majority stake in the Senate.
“Yes, power shifted,” Paul said. “But the philosophy on Capitol Hill changed very little.”
Although the Republican Party will soon have a majority of representation in both the House and Senate as a result of the midterms, Paul said in a four-minute-long statement broadcast through his weekly telephone address this week that the very recent actions of President Barack Obama, a Democrat, suggest a change in Congress will do little to revamp the way Washington works.
In response to an Election Day tweet he authored condemning Tuesday's events as almost meaningless, Paul said that it's already becoming clear to him that having more Republicans in the Senate won't change the way the government at large will go about doing business.
“Some were critical of my comment that, Republican control of the Senate equals expanded neo-con wars in Syria and Iraq. Boots on the ground are coming,' Paul said with regards to some recent tweets. “But unfortunately my fears were confirmed even sooner than I thought. Shortly after the vote, President Obama announced that he would double the number of US troops on the ground in Iraq and request another $5.6 billion to fight his war in the Middle East.”
Indeed, Pres. Obama said Friday that he is ordering a surge of 1,500 additional troops to Iraq as the US continues to combat the so-called Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, as that group further wages an intensifying campaign of violence across the Middle East.
On the heels of statements from both the White House and the Pentagon in which administration and Defense Department officials alike have denounced a combat role in Iraq or Syria, Paul warned Monday that the latest decision from the president pushes the envelope with regards to what's been promised.
“The president also said on Wednesday that he would seek a new authorization for the use of force in Iraq and Syria. He said that a new authorization was needed to reflect, ‘not just our strategy over the next two or three months, but our strategy going forward,'” Paul added. “That sounds like boots on the ground in an endless war.”
“Senate Democrats had been competing with Republicans over who would push a more aggressive foreign policy. This may explain their miserable showing on Tuesday: it is likely the honest, antiwar progressives just stayed home on election night. But with the Republican victory bringing to leadership the most hawkish of the neoconservatives like John McCain, the only fight over the president's request to re-invade Iraq will be Republican demands that he send in even more soldiers and weapons,” Paul said.
As a result of the midterm elections held across the US on Tuesday, representatives from the Republican Party will soon have control over not just the House as exists presently, but also the Senate. Regardless, Pres. Obama said last week that he is willing to take executive action to make determinations concerning immigration reform, and perhaps other issues, if Republican politicians continue to stonewall the administration's attempt to have legislation make its way out of Congress and to the White House.
The Larnaca Salt Lakes are actually a complex of four water bodies that lie to the south of Larnaca, an ancient city renowned for its large numbers of sarcophagi (stone coffins) and its picturesque seafront. “It's one of the two most important wetlands of Cyprus,” says Ioanna, “and also a landmark for my home town.” The city draws large numbers of tourists, many of whom visit the lakes to enjoy the spectacular views, cultural sites and to see the vast flocks of flamingos that overwinter there. In winter and spring the lakes are an important congregation site for many species of migratory birds on the Mediterranean flyway, including Common Crane Grus grus and Collared Pratincole Glareola pratincola. For this reason the lakes enjoy several layers of classification and protection, as a Ramsar Wetland of International Importance, an IBA and a Natura 2000 site. This should be enough to ensure Larnaca's wildlife is safe from human disturbance, right?
Wrong. Ioanna estimates that since she became an IBA Caretaker in 2014, she has had to report destructive activities affecting the lakes every couple of months. She has seen it all: from kite-surfers zooming across Larnaca's protected waters during peak flamingo season, to the disruptive construction of pipelines across the lakes, and bulldozers clearing native vegetation. She reports any new problem to BirdLife Cyprus, which then proceeds through official channels to resolve the issues before they can escalate. “One day some people were racing motorbikes along the beach next to the Kentish Plover breeding site”, says Ioanna. “Soon I found out that they were preparing for a bigger event in the same spot. I warned them the beach was a protected site and I notified BirdLife Cyprus.”
"One day some people were racing motorbikes along the beach next to the Kentish Plover breeding site"
BirdLife Cyprus (BirdLife Partner) has just nine permanent staff on an island boasting 34 IBAs, that collectively encompass an area of more than 310,000 hectares. Even with the best will in the world, BirdLife Cyprus can't keep watch over all of these sites all of the time. This is why the IBA Caretakers are so precious. There are currently 21 of these conservation heroes scattered across the island, reporting threats to habitats and wildlife across 18 IBAs. Each Caretaker looks after their local IBA, which means they visit regularly and respond quickly each time a new threat arises.
In a country where nature is often overlooked in favour of irresponsible leisure activities and rapid development, even by the authorities, Clairie Papazoglou, former CEO of BirdLife Cyprus, appreciates how important the network is as an environmental early warning system: “The Caretakers often find out about threats that BirdLife Cyprus would never have heard about, or only when it was too late to do anything about it.” Papazoglou believes so strongly in the programme that she and her partner are also IBA Caretakers in their free time. They have had many successes, but frustratingly they can't always prevent ill-conceived projects before it's too late. On her first bird survey as an IBA Caretaker, she was horrified to find a new development project had wreaked havoc on the mountainside of her local IBA.
Illegal or poorly planned picnic sites can cause disruption in wild places. There are usually no services such as litter collection, so the site quickly becomes polluted. Picknickers can disturb wildlife and their barbecues risk igniting dangerous bushfires in Cyprus' dry, fragile forests. Activities like this are not rare. Papazoglou estimates at least half of the country's IBAs regularly face with these sorts of problems, and BirdLife Cyprus' work often involves trying to deal with them. Historically, BirdLife Cyprus had a small but valuable network of bird-loving volunteers who took part in annual bird surveys. Ornithologists are a rare breed in Cyprus, however, and to help in their mission to conserve the island's wild places they needed to reach out more widely. A new approach was required. In 2014, the Important Bird Areas of Cyprus were published, and at the same time they launched the IBA Caretaker project (IBACareCY), using funding from the European Economic Association (EEA). Many volunteered immediately. The new volunteers came from all walks of life, and most were motivated by a general interest in protecting their local site rather than a love of birds.
The programme enabled people to take ownership over the conservation of their local environment, channeling their concern in a dynamic, constructive, and empowering way. At the outset, BirdLife Cyprus provided volunteers with the essential materials, training and support to carry out their new roles. Since then, they have worked hard to maintain close relationships with the Caretakers by setting up a Facebook group and holding annual seminars, with funding from the MAVA Foundation. They also try to keep the Caretakers in the loop regarding progress on issues in their local IBA. Ioanna was not a birdwatcher before she joined the programme, but felt a strong desire to protect her local lakes and welcomed the opportunity to be directly involved in their conservation.
BirdLife Cyprus will happily welcome and train more Caretakers to cover the remaining 16 IBAs, but they do not currently have the resources to actively recruit them. If you live in Cyprus and are interested in getting involved, visit the BirdLife Cyprus website or email filio.ioulianou@birdlifecyprus.org.cy for more details. The IBA caretakers in Cyprus join a growing band of volunteers working with BirdLife Partners to protect IBAs worldwide. BirdLife partners are working together with over 4,000 local conservation groups to protect places important both locally and globally.
Stichting BirdLife Europe gratefully acknowledges financial support from the European Commission. All content and opinions expressed on these pages are solely those of Stichting BirdLife Europe.
Just put your pinky on the 5th of the high string and you'll get a high A. No need to mute anything.I didn't know you could flip the tab in the game to make it 'proper.' And you're right if I had any interest in the game I could've found that out months ago I suppose. I just have no interest.I bear no ill feelings towards people that use it as some kind of learning game. Mostly though I just think it's going to produce a wave of really bad guitarists who think they're awesome because they can wiggle their fingers a little bit.At least 'back in the day' the torturous learning curve you speak of weeded out the people who lacked the passion and dedication to actually learn to play guitar. There was no internet or mini-games. You sat there with your guitar, by yourself, and you played for hours and hours everyday. Because you loved music and guitar. And when you started to see improvement you felt like you'd earned it. When you learned a new trick or scale it actually meant something, and you retained the information because information was so hard to come by.Nowadays all the answers are just a mouse click away.I'm not trying to be hateful or anything. I just think there's already a bunch of people I've run into that kinda suck, but think they're awesome. And I don't see this game making that any better.IDK, IDK what I'm trying to say. I guess I'm trying to say some things have to be earned and learned. I don't remember my first 6 months of playing. I know I picked up an acoustic guitar, loved it, and didn't put it down for about 2 years when I finally got an electric. And I haven't really put the electric down in 23 years (except when I go through an 'all acoustic' phase every once in a while.)I guess I just feel like you have to want it badly enough to dedicate yourself and work for it.I do remember in my first 2 years I learned something new every day. And I practiced it that day until I could do it. Even if it was just one scale, one chord, or the intro to a song. I learned 365 new things a year, for two years.And in those 2 years I also developed my ears by learning to tune my guitar without a tuner, and developed my ears and rhythm by playing along with tapes and records. There are just lots of little things that all added up in a big way, and I tend to think any kind of shortcut is actually going to hurt people in the long run. Maybe they can't tune their guitars without a tuner, or they have really bad technique due to just plain doing things wrong (holding the pick, angling your hand, never using the pinky) and then they're kind of screwed. Because it's Waaaaaaaaay harder to break those bad habits, then it is to learn things the right way the first time.I know, because for 2 years I was holding my pick wrong, lol. (Damn you Mel Bay and your stupid folksy books!!)It wasn't until I started playing with other people that I realized I'd developed some bad habits that probably took at least a year to break.I suppose what I'm trying to say is. These rhythm games are cool. But they're just games. They're no substitute for actual practicing or actually learning from a real teacher. And someone who could play these games note for note perfect, is still not a musician or guitarist in my eyes. They're a master of a video game.So,....yeah they're fun. But I try to keep a realistic perspective on it. It's still just a game.Will you learn some fingerings and maybe a solo or two? Or some licks? Sure, I suppose so. It's still not the same as a teacher and I can't see how it's going to help someone develop their ears.Very few guitarists/musicians have perfect pitch. But most good working guitarists have very good relative pitch and can hear a chord and right away know what kind of chord it is, or hear the following chord and have a good idea what the root distance is from the first chord to the second chord. I don't see how a game can teach that.But maybe it can. Who knows.I'm just getting grumpy in my old age, maybe I'm tired of seeing computers take over everything I suppose.If you really want to be a guitarist, or were born to be a guitarist, then nothing will stop you from playing guitar. And you won't need games or tricks to learn guitar. You'll buy some 3 string piece of sh*t from a yard sale and be happier then a pig in sh*t just to have a guitar to play. And you'll play the hell out of it.I see it in my students all the time. You can tell pretty quickly who has the fire to learn and who just has parents that will buy them tons of gear that they never practice with. (usually because they're playing video games, lol.)The kids that get all the expensive gear bought for them rarely turn into anything. (not, but rarely.)Meanwhile the kid that goes home and practices 4-5 hours a day on a $100. Strat Copy usually turns out to be quite a little bad ass.Honestly, I think that's the biggest reason I teach. I love finding those rare, pissed off, poor kids, that just want to destroy the world with an electric guitar. They 'get it', and they practice their asses off and make me proud of them.anyway, .... I'm just rambling at this point,...I'll shut up.I've got to start my practice soon.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Tower Hamlets council today confirmed it has no powers to close down a controversial Jack the Ripper Museum, even though it was originally billed as a project dedicated to the history of woman in the East End.
The Cable Street attraction is seeking a "retrospective planning application" for its shopfront, triggering hopes of renewed opposition to the museum.
When it opened at the beginning of August, hundreds of protesters gathered outside to demonstrate against what was described as a "sick horror attraction". Former Google diversity chief Mark Palmer-Edgecumbe had originally obtained planning permission from the council to convert the empty shop into a museum which would be “the only dedicated resource in the East End to women's history”.
In newly submitted documents, made in Mr Palmer-Edgecumbe's name, proposals for the front of the terraced building appear to show it much as it stands now, with "Jack the Ripper Museum" written beneath a logo and in between two Victorian-style lamps.
In the plans the words "And the history of women in the East End" have been added on panelling below the window.
One of the submitted documents, which are currently under consultation, refers to the project as "Women's Museum".
Notice of the planning application has been posted in the area near to the museum, prompting some to question whether anything can be done to oppose it.
That horrible @RipperMuseum is applying for retrospective planning permission. How can you protest it? pic.twitter.com/4qDUjTnzen — Periwinkle Jones (@peachesanscream) August 18, 2015
@peachesanscream @RipperMuseum if enough people object, I would assume they would be forced to destroy it by the council — Rob Moore (@RobM_07_78) August 18, 2015
But a Tower Hamlets spokeswoman said: "The council does not have powers to close this museum down. Planning permission was granted in October 2014 for the change of use of the premises to space for a museum.
"The council was advised at that time that the premises were intended to be used as a Women's Museum and supporting information was submitted with the application to suggest that the vision of the museum was to tell the story of women of the East End of London.
"Ultimately, however, the council has no control in planning terms of the nature of the museum."
Kate Connelly, 29, and Jemima Broadbridge, 45, led the protest earlier this month, and said at the time that if the building's original purpose is not met, planning consent should be withdrawn.
Ms Connelly, a PhD student, told the crowd: “I think it's a grotesque insult and not representative of women's struggles.” Ms Broadbridge said: “We want him to deliver what he promised or shut up shop for good.”
Previously Mr Palmer-Edgecumbe has defended the museum on the grounds the victims of Jack the Ripper played a significant role in the history of women in the East End.
“The purpose of the museum, as stated in the original proposal, is to highlight the often overlooked history and untold stories of women in the East End of London," he said.
"In Tower Hamlets, the female victims of Jack the Ripper have formed a significant and undeniable part of that history.”
Pig Roast in La Caja China
Okay, I'll give you just one warning, so listen good. This isn't a typical Steamy Kitchen post. There are not pretty photos, no recipe and actually I didn't even do any of the cooking. This is a post about a pork roast, beginning to end. Hint: before it becomes pork, it's a pig. So, if you're squeamish about seeing pig — a whole pig before it's cooked — don't read further.
Members of PETA, vegans who blast meat eaters and people who like to eat bacon but deny that it comes from a cute little piggy, click away stat! (Here, come check out some cute kitteh kats.) If you read further and then complain about pig photos, I'll dunk you in a vat of fermented fish muck. I swear.
Everyone else, pull up a chair! Grab a beer! I'm going to show you how to do a whole pig roast.
First, you need a pig. A whole pig! In Florida, we are lucky enough to to have Jim Wood and his family farm, Palmetto Creek Farm raise free-range, all-natural Hereford pigs.
I actually met Jim and his wife about three years ago, when they were part of a Farm-to-Fork event, along with other area farmers and chefs. It's a family-and-friends operated company, with son Jim and daughter Annesly (and that cute little doggy too!).
Jim normally delivers pigs around 250lbs, but since I was only feeding about 30 people and wanted to roast it in La Caja China (more on that later), we needed a 100lb live weight pig, which meant about 85lbs dressed.
Palmetto Creek Farm slaughters only on Mondays, and on Tuesday, came the delivery. I'd never ordered a whole pig before, so I didn't know what to expect. I didn't even know how big a 100lb pig was!
And here she is:
Onto a dolly. We had to get the delivery at our old house, since there was an empty refrigerator there, and I only have 1 refrigerator in my current home. If you're doing this at your home, I suggest clearing out your extra refrigrator OR getting a 150 quart cooler (about $150, you'll see in later pics that the pig *just* fit in that massive cooler)
Now back to the pig. I removed all of the shelves in my refrigerator, but how do you fit a 4-legged, floppy pig upright in a refrigerator!???
Hmmmmm……
We ended up wrapping the pig in large black garbage bags, securing it with packing tape.
Uh, that looks mighty suspicious, doesn't it?
And then stuff him in the fridge.
The problem now was that the four-legged floppy pig kept falling and pushing the door open.
And so we had to block the door shut – with heavy boxes.
The pig stored there until the day before we wanted to have our pig roast. Our roasting vessel was La Caja China, a wooden box with a charcoal tray on top that I picked up from The Outdoor Kitchen in Tampa, FL (if you live in the area, they've got a must-visit showroom!)
La Caja China has been featured by Bobby Flay, Martha Stewart and Al Roker, it's a fool-proof method of roasting a whole pig in 5 hours or less, complete with the beloved crispy skin. I first heard about La Caja China when we moved to Florida 10 years ago – it's got it's own cult following!
The method is simple: Inject pig with marinade the night before. The day of, let the pig come to room temp before roasting. Start with 16 pounds of charcoal and add charoal 3 more times, flip pig skin side up and let the skin crisp for 30 minutes.
I followed Roberto's Mojo Criollo Marinade recipe, which consists of oranges, lemons, garlic and spices:
Let the marinade sit at least 1 hour (or overnight) and strain it before using (otherwise your injector thingy will get plugged)
Here's the injector thingy.
Oh my.
Before marinating, I wanted to wash the pig thoroughly and give it a good scrubbing.
Since our kitchen sink wasn't big enough, we gave the pig a scrub the tub. errrr….I mean….my husband did.
What a good sport. I love him.
Give the pig a good rinse. Then to clean the skin and scrub well, I used kosher salt *groan* I KNOW. I know. But kosher salt is the perfect size and shape for scrubbing, I'll show you before and after scrubbing with salt on a chicken. It helps get rid any dirt, loose skin on the pig. Use as much salt as you want, you'll rinse it all off. For the pig, we used 2 big handfuls.
Back to the kitchen, Scott had to open the pig up further to make it flat, pressing down on the ribcage.
Fill the injector with marinade.
Inject everywhere but not just anywhere – be careful NOT to pierce the skin – otherwise the marinade will leak out.
See the space between the skin and fat/meat? That's where we inserted the needle. Once you insert it, you can go as deep as you want (as long as you don't pierce skin on the other side) or change your angle to to get to as much meat as possible. It's a long needle – from the neck area, we reached the cheeks too.
After you've botox'd the pig, I threw some orange and lemon slices all over, crushed bay leaves.
Then seasoned with salt and ground cumin. You can use a rub if you want instead.
Very little mess! That's my counter right after we lifted the pig off.
Put the pig in the large cooler (this is the 150 quart cooler that I mentioned previously) and cover with bags of ice. Keep the ice in bags, you don't want the pig covered in loose ice, which would melt and dilute the marinade and all the hard work seasoning the pig.
On the day of the roast, you'll have to do some math.
4 hours to bring pig to room temperature (about 70F)
4 hours or so to roast
20 minutes to rest after cooking
In the morning, we took the ice out of the cooler and kept the cooler lid open. After 4 hours, it was 70F.
Put the pig in La Caja China's provided wire racks with S-hooks so that it lays flat. We had a choice or rubs: it was a difficult decision, but we ended up using the Texas Pig Rub.
Our friend Charlie came over to help – I discarded the orange and lemon slices first, then we seasoned one side.
Flip the piggy over.
Season the other side.
Place the pig inside La Caja China.
It barely fit! Stick a heat-safe meat thermometer into the pig, a meaty area that doesn't touch bone (thigh is best). I highly suggest a meat thermometer that has a probe and beeper.
Put the metal tray on top.
Start the charcoal with chimney starters on the metal rack. Do not use charcoal ligher fluid. That stuff stinks. However, if you really, really want to use self-starting charcoal, go ahead, but ONLY use it at the beginning here. Use regular plain charcoal thereafter.
La Caja China owner, Roberto Guerra, told us to ignore the instructions on the box and gave us the easy method. We have La Caja China Box #2 with a 100# live weight pig (85# dressed)
Start with 16 pounds of charcoal.
Get the charcoal nice and hot. Instead of using self-starting charcoal, we used 2 chimney starters.
Then it stared raining. So we had to move the roaster to our dock, under the umbrella <– not recommended — don't do this. I'm surprised the umbrella didn't go up in flames.
Have a plan if you are expecting rain – in a cleared garage – keep your garage door open is fine.
Carefully dump the 16 pounds of charcoal on top of the metal tray + metal rack.
So, at this point, I was in the house, getting other stuff ready for the party. Charlie took these photos with my camera, and it was JUST NOW that I realized that my husband's choice of footwear was open-toe sandals. WHHHAAAT!??? Let's see. Hot fire. Burning hot charcoal that you're dumping by hand. Wet, slippery wood dock.
)!(@&$)!*$!@%*!@$$ I HAVE NO WORDS. At least none I can publish.
Spread the burning hot burning hot charcoal around. You know, the type of burning hot charcoal that could accidentally fall off and burn your big toe off.
Let it burn for 1 hour.
You'll add charcoal 3 additional times. See timing below.
TIMING:
Start with 16 pounds of charcoal. Light charcoal – once the charcoal is lit and hot, spread it around. Your cooking time starts now.
START: Let it cook for 1 hour.
1:00: Add 8 pounds charcoal on top, cook 1 hour
2:00: Add 8 pounds charcoal on top, cook 30 minutes
2:30: Add 4 pounds of charcoal on top, cook 30 minutes or until the meat thermometer reaches 190F.
3:00: Time to flip the pig. This will take 2 people.
Lift up the metal tray.
Place it on the handles (the handles are designed specifically for this)
Take a peek?
Flip the pig over
Hello, delicious.
Score the skin, make an X in each square of the grid.
Put the charcoal back on.
Let it cook for 30 minutes (no more charcoal is needed).
Then find another friend wearing flip-flops to lift the burning hot charcoal.
MMMmmmm…crispy skin. If it's not crispy enough, put back the charcoal for another 10 minutes.
Let the pig rest for 20 minutes before digging in – we got a big folding table, covered it with newspaper and set the pig on top. Three people with gloves pulled the meat apart, placing it in massive serving tray. It was crazy juicy, fall-off-the bone! The Mojo Criollo marinade was perfect, the pork had hints of citrus.
I set out flour tortillas, salsas, lime for guests to make their own tacos.
Here, take a bite!
Russia using 'illegal schemes' to fund propaganda in Lithuania, MP says
Elta EN
After hearing a report from the State Security Department (VSD) about how Russia disseminates propaganda in Lithuania, MP Artūras Paulauskas, chairman of the Seimas Committee on National Security and Defence, says that illegal methods are used to fund media outlets and recruit journalists.
The State Security Department (VSD) prepared a presentation about threats to information security related to the funding of Russian propaganda in Lithuania. It was presented to the Committee on National Security and Defence by deputy director of the VSD Kęstutis Budrys.
"The VSD presented to us the entire infrastructure of broadcasting Russian propaganda in Lithuania, institutions that were created and used in various ways by Russians to disseminate their propaganda. Schemes were shown how these information channels are funded, how offshore companies and illegal payments are used. An entire system exists which, I would say, is being funded in violation of the law. They also explained to us how our citizens get recruited to work in those media outlets, especially young people in schools - their interest to choose career in journalism is encouraged, they are sent to Russia to study journalism and work here upon return," Paulauskas told reporters.
According to the MP, VSD representatives said that law enforcement agencies had been alerted about possibly illegal actions.
Paulauskas says various institutions are operating and at the moment Russians are looking to establish or acquire a radio station, but have not been successful so far. "They are doing their targeted work with the help of the press, television, online channels and we were shown how the schemes work and who is responsible for what," said MP Paulauskas.
The MP said that Russian-language media disseminating Russian propaganda was "receiving instructions directly from Moscow, the Embassy and all other sources". Paulauskas refused to name concrete sums of money these media outlets receive.
According to the chairman of the Committee on National Security and Defence, alternatives must be created to counter such propaganda. "We discussed that alternatives are needed and that some channels or newspapers are selling themselves out in order to survive. Three factors were explained clearly - we must develop resistance capabilities of our citizens, create alternatives and, third, consider the issue of responsibility," said Paulauskas.
The MP added that better coordination is needed in Lithuania, greater funding and clearer strategy. These factors will be included in the Committee's findings.
Paulauskas claimed that although Russian propaganda was spread through a wide range of media, including the press, websites, radio and TV, it was nonetheless facing difficulties.
"Even in other countries, such as Latvia, those activities are much more successful. In Lithuania the audience is small," said Paulauskas.
Last year, 1.57 million Americans served prison sentences in state or federal penitentiaries, a slight decrease from nearly 1.6 million in 2011, according to figures released Thursday by the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS). Despite the decline, the United States still incarcerates people at a higher rate than anywhere else in the world.
According to the BJS report “Prisoners in 2012,” for every 100,000 Americans, an estimated 480 people were serving at least a one-year sentence in a state prison during the year. In some states, the rate of incarceration was much higher. Louisiana, the state with the highest rate, sentenced 893 people to a state prison for every 100,000 residents. Based on the BJS release, 24/7 Wall St. identified the states that send the most people to prison.
Cities with the Most Abandoned Homes
As might be expected, states that had more people in their prison systems tended to have higher crime rates. Seven of the states with the highest incarceration rates were in the top 15 for murder rates, and overall violent crime rates were generally higher in these states as well. The states with high incarceration rates also tended to have high property crime rates. Of the 10 states on this list, eight had the highest burglary rates in the country.
American Cities Where Wages Are Plummeting
While the causes of higher crime rates are difficult to determine, these states often shared some of the risk factors that appear to make their populations more likely to commit crimes. The states were among the most impoverished in the country, a factor commonly associated with crime. Residents of these states were also among the least likely to have graduated from high school, another factor often linked to higher crime rates.
But higher crime rates do not tell the whole story. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., John Roman, Senior Fellow at the Urban Institute's Justice Policy Center, explained that each state's policies on enforcement are a major factor. “It really is a political choice,” he said.
American Cities Where Wages Are Soaring
There are several sentencing policies that can dramatically increase the number of inmates in a state's prison system. According to Roman, such policy is mandatory minimum sentencing, which requires a minimum predetermined prison sentence length, regardless of the circumstances of the crime, tend to have larger prison populations. Roman also pointed to three-strikes laws, which impose much longer sentences on criminals who have committed three or more serious crimes.
“Take Texas,” said Roman. "Texas has some of the safest cities in America. You wouldn't expect it to have a high incarceration rate, but it is third in the country.” Texas was notably the first state to adopt a three-strikes law. Most of the states on this list, he added, have a history of policies that are harsher on crime. For example, while much of the Northeast has begun to relax drug enforcement policies, the states on this list have kept strict drug enforcement in place.
To identify the states sending the most people to prison, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states that had the most inmates in each state's prison jurisdiction per 100,000 residents. The data come from Bureau of Justice Statistics' “Prisoners in 2012” report. To be in a state's jurisdiction, a prisoner needed to be sentenced within the state, not necessarily incarcerated there. We also reviewed educational attainment, income and poverty statistics from the U.S. Census Bureau for 2011. We also considered state crime rates from the FBI's Uniform Crime Report, also for 2011. All data was for the most recent available period.
The Most Dangerous Cities in America
These are the states sending the most people to prison.
10. Idaho
> Sentenced prisoners: 499 per 100,000 residents
> Total sentenced prisoners: 7,985 (19th least)
> Violent crime rate: 200.9 per 100,000 residents (6th lowest)
> Poverty rate: 16.5% (19th highest)
In 2012, 499 people were incarcerated for every 100,000 residents of Idaho, up from 487 a year earlier. Of the nearly 8,000 sentenced prisoners in the state, 1,008 were women, an increase of 13.9% from the prior year, among the highest growth rates in the country. Unlike most states with high incarceration rates, Idaho had a relatively low crime rate. It had the sixth-lowest violent crime rate and the lowest robbery rate in the country. Idaho also had the fourth-lowest property crime rate in 2011.
Story continues
For a long time now, cryptocurrency users have been required to have a computer if they want to trade or just pay for a transaction. With the introduction of Dent Coin, this is no longer necessary. DENT is the first cryptocurrency which has dedicated itself to give users an exclusive mobile data exchange. The firm seeks to disrupt the world telecommunications industry as we know. DENT Wireless Limited, the company behind Dentcoin, launched a crowdsale in July 2017 which closed two weeks later.
How does DENT work?
DENT is a global company. It seeks to liberate the use of mobile data by enabling any person to sell or buy or even donate data using the now popular Ethereum blockchain. The developers of the currency want it to be the world's global exchange eventually. DENT will make data pricing transparent and easy. This will increase the efficiency of purchase just as is the case in spots markets. One user will be able to exchange their package for a more suitable one especially because eSMSs are now more popular. This crypto will allow more people to engage via phone.
Over the past few years, mobile data has become very important and valuable. It's a commodity that many people around the world rely on for their lives to be okay. Using the ecosystem of DENT, users are able to connect to one another using the Ethereum like blockchain. This way, users can sell or donate their mobile data allowances which have been unused.
How successful is it?
Just like the vibrant new cryptocurrencies of 2017 and 2016, DENT has made several efforts to revamp the crypto. In November 2017, connectivity to India and Brazil was improved in a major way when the firm extended its services there. That seemingly small step helped the company earn an extra 400 million users. Plans are still underway for the launch of the crypto in the USA and Mexico. Among the successes which DENT has achieved include partnering with Aquito to bring decentralized global mobile data exchange closer to over 500 million users. The developers are working very hard to make the mobile data exchange disrupt the already established Telco market.
The current market position and predictions
Using token sales, DENT seeks to raise 152,000 ETH. Considering its already sweet success, the company seeks to enlist other firms. The average price of the altcoin since Sept has been $0.0005. In early December, the price spiked to reach a new high of $0.016. The market capitalization of the coin stands at $159.5 million while the volumes moved on 17th December were $14.85 million. Like Potcoin and other performing cryptos, DENT seems like 2018 will be the year to finally take off.
Want to trade DENT? See if some of the best crypto brokers offer it!
The city that prides itself on its cycling culture is finally set to hop onto the saddle of the biggest urban trend of the century: a public bike-share system.
Vancouver has finalized an agreement for Alta Bicycle Share Inc. in Portland, Ore., to roll out a first stage of the system in the fall, using Montreal's Bixi bikes, with a $6-million contribution from the city. It will have 1,500 bikes and 125 stations in operation by the spring.
Alta will also install the continent's first helmet-dispensing system to address the province's helmet laws, which have been a hurdle for the past three years. Only two other cities – Sydney and Melbourne in Australia – are known to require helmets for bike-share users.
Story continues below advertisement
The Alta/Bixi system is being used for bike-share operations that launched recently in New York and Chicago.
The news has prompted excitement from the city's avid cycling community, and some wariness from those who fear financial problems or a negative impact on local bike-rental companies.
But the city's deputy manager said Vancouver learned from other cities about the best way to avoid getting into a financial mess.
Unlike Toronto, which provided a loan guarantee to get its bike-share operation going, Vancouver will shell out $6-million up front and provide staff to support the system. It is also going to give up revenue as some parking meters near bike stations will no longer be in use. But Alta will be on the hook for everything else, Sadhu Johnston said.
"Alta owns the system. They're liable," Mr. Johnston said. "Then if the numbers aren't working, it's their responsibility. It's enabling and regulating rather than owning and operating."
A report on the proposed system that goes to council next Tuesday also recommends that no bike-share stations be set up within 50 metres of private bike-rental stores.
Cities have experimented with bike-share systems – which allow people to rent a bike for brief periods – since the 1970s. But the idea really took off after Paris created the Vélib system in 2007. The distinctive grey bikes and docking stations are now ubiquitous in the city.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
More than 500 cities, from London to Mexico City to Hangzhou in China, have bike-share systems that range in size from a few hundred bikes to 60,000.
Some have pooh-poohed the idea of a bike-share system in Vancouver, saying the city is too hilly and too rainy.
But others point to the dramatic increase in cycling in recent years as the city has moved aggressively to put separated bike lanes downtown and enhanced cycling routes elsewhere.
City councillor George Affleck, who is in the minority Non-Partisan Association, said he is in favour of bike-share systems.
But, he said, he does not understand why Vancouver is putting in so much money, when New York got a sponsor to cover all $41-million of its costs.
He said he is glad the money will come from the city's parking reserve instead of being added to tax bills, but he thinks the city could have found more partners to help with the costs.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Johnston said that Alta is lining up sponsors to cover half of the remaining $15-million in costs for the system. Those deals are being finalized and will be announced later. However, Vancouver is unlikely to get a single sponsor, the way New York or London did.
"It's been quite difficult identifying sponsors. We don't have the same kinds of headquarters."
The city is still deciding on a name, colour and logo for the bikes.
It is also allowing Alta to limit its coverage in the early years to downtown, plus parts of Kitsilano and Mount Pleasant, bounded by 12th Avenue, Arbutus and Main streets. That means no stations for the heavily used Commercial/Broadway station, or Commercial Drive, which is popular with cyclists.
Mr. Johnston said Alta determined the industrial area between Commercial Drive and downtown did not have enough density to support bike stations all the way there.
MOSCOW—The latest installment of the Trump-Russia saga might take a title inspired by the Peter Greenaway film The Cook, the Thief, His Wife and Her Lover. In this case it would be more like, “The Son-in-Law, His Wife, the Shippers and the Secretary [of Commerce].” Throw in a hockey player and a couple of presidents, one of the United States and the other one of Russia, and the action begins.
The scenario comes from the recently leaked trove of documents called “The Paradise Papers” pulled together by the same Consortium of Investigative Journalists that brought us “The Panama Papers” last year. In this case, they've been tracking the tax havens and “fiscal paradises” where the rich like to stash their money far from prying eyes. Among the big international names exposed: the queen of England.
Here in Moscow, however, while some American businessmen may have learned a lesson, the Paradise Papers have not caused much of a stir in Russian public opinion. The main players in this show denied their involvement almost immediately, and the public here is so jaded that the consortium's revelations were soon eclipsed by bigger news about Putin's daughter, which we will get to shortly.
The investigation published by the consortium in The Guardian, among other papers, shed some interesting light on a member of Donald Trump's cabinet doing business with Russian President Vladimir Putin's friends and family. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross owned a stake in a shipping company, Navigator, which had a long history of deals with a Russian gas and petrochemicals company, Sibur.
Sibur, in turn, has very colorful part-owners: Putin's close friend, the billionaire and hockey player Gennady Timchenko, and Putin's alleged son-in-law, Kirill Shamalov, Russia's youngest billionaire. The subplots of the story also feature Shamalov's brother Yuriy and a $1.75 billion state loan that Russian company Sibur got at one third of the rate paid by everybody else in the country.
“ Putin cannot keep money in his own bank accounts, so he keeps it in his many friends' and relatives' accounts all over. ”
There is a punchline recognized by many Russians in a famous Russian comedy about a theft: “Detochkin has lots of sick relatives in many towns of the Soviet Union.” Stanislav Belkovsky, a prominent Kremlinologist and TV presenter, said that the Sibur scandal reminded him of that bittersweet comedy. “Putin cannot keep money in his own bank accounts, so he keeps it in his many friends' and relatives' accounts all over the market, so even if you're not looking you step on his wallet.”
That part of Russian reality did not matter much to David Butters, who built and ran Navigator Gas Transport company and began to cooperate with the Russian company Sibur in 2011.
“Probably every Russian company that one deals with has some of Putin's influential friends!” Butters told The Daily Beast on Monday. He said that he saw no reason for blowing up and politicizing the scandal, and he insisted that there was no story: “Sibur approached us through a broker, as usual. They needed first-class vessels and we were the only ones around; so we entered into a 10-year charter with our two first vessels. Ross, the secretary of commerce, had no involvement with our company at the time, zero.”
Navigator CEO Butters said that he loved dealing with Russia's Sibur and that he had never met the company's part owner and close friend of President Putin, Gennady Timchenko.
Today Timchenko's worth $16 billion, according to Forbes. Timchenko is also on the U.S. sanctions list, and lives in the former luxury residence of the late Russian leader Nikita Khrushchev in Moscow's outskirts.
“I have never met with Putin's son-in-law, either,” said Butters. “They had zero influence on our business; I was not even aware that the son-in-law was involved—not that I care!
“We deal with a wonderful team of professional Russian managers. We are glad to continue dealing with Sibur, they are a first class company,” said Butters.
Navigator has made at least $68 million in revenue thanks to its good partnership with Sibur, according to The Guardian.
Independent experts in Russia insisted that if the time comes to put Sibur on the list of sanctions, Trump's Secretary of Commerce Ross, who had shares in Navigator, might have a conflict of interest. In Washington the story raised a big discussion on all levels, but in Moscow it was hardly noticed.
Putin's supporters enjoyed the information leaked from so-called Paradise Papers about prominent Western businessmen and public figures keeping money in offshore accounts to avoid paying taxes.
“ Ross's share in Navigator is nothing comparing to the billions stolen by Putin's cronies. ” — Dmitry Oreshkin
“It is a pleasure to ordinary Russians to see that some famous Western leaders, including the British queen, keep money in offshore companies, avoid paying taxes, or steal just as much as Putin's cronies or more,” Dmitry Oreshkin, an independent political analyst told The Daily Beast.
“For Russians it is not a big discovery that Putin's relatives and close friends own and control leading business companies; Ross's share in Navigator is nothing comparing to the billions stolen by Putin's cronies,” Oreshkin added.
Before April this year 21.3 percent of Sibur, Russia's largest petrochemical producer, belonged to Putin's alleged son-in-law Kirill Shamalov. Today the youngest Russian billionaire owns 3.9 percent of the company.
Why do we keep saying “alleged son-in-law”? Because personal details of those close to Putin are forever murky.
“At least for a some time Putin's daughter Katerina was married with Kirill Shamalov, but it is unclear if they are still married,” Belkovsky told The Daily Beast. According to Reuters, Putin's younger daughter Katerina married Shamalov, a son of Putin's friend and banker Nikolai Shamalov, in February, 2013. And in December, 2015 Sibur received $1.75 billion state loan at a third of the market rate.
In the past the Kremlin repeatedly denied that Katerina, who reportedly uses an assumed name, Katerina Tikhonova, was Putin's daughter. At a press conference in 2015, a reporter asked Putin whether Tikhonova was his daughter and what Putin thought of her project at Moscow State University, the National Intellectual Development Foundation.
President Putin answered: “I never discuss my family: my daughters are not involved in business or politics.”
On Tuesday Putin's alleged daughter, Tikhonova, and her foundation was all over the news here. Apparently Russia's major oil company Rosneft became the main client of Tikhonova's National Intellectual Development Foundation—the deal was estimated at more than $10 million.
“Comparing to potential corruption involving Ross,” said Oreshkin. “To Russians, Putin's daughter dealing with Rosneft might sound more disturbing.”
I suspect that many of your days in high school looked something like this: An adult teacher stands in the front of a square room, lecturing or drawing, with a flood of facts, figures, and dates flowing into a well organized grid of neatly arranged desks. As the teacher lectures, students apathetically scrawled notes, which will be regurgitated onto a future exam. Every one of the students is expected to master the same information, regardless as to their individual ability, personal strengths, interests or aptitudes. Rinse, repeat, until the day of high school commencement, when the cycle ends and one's post-school life commenced.
This inherited story of what a traditional classroom education should resemble is often difficult to retread with a modern ending. To often, we hear the adage, "It was good enough for us as kids, why change?" Worse, modern school systems still cling to a model where teachers magically transmit sacrosanct, yet often arbitrary, curriculum into kids' heads by the power of shear lecture charm and wit.
The traditional education story is a one of a highly-structured closed system. It values what a student has purportedly learned, as demonstrated by her test score, on a linear learning path. However, we know that discovery, invention, innovation, and breakthroughs rarely follow a predefined trajectory. Learning is iterative, unexpected, collaborative, and chaotic. The side alleyways of failures, wrong hunches, and fortuitous mistakes present powerful learning possibilities.
Side alleys can certainly look dark and intimidating at first. As we prepared for our open source high school 1:1 student laptop program and a supporting student peer help desk, my team and I knew we were off the main road, without GPS. Student tech support teams are somewhat uncommon in the United States high schools. On top of that, Linux and open source software rarely makes an appearance in classroom desktops, let alone on 1700 laptops that would travel with our students in school and to their homes. What wasn't surprising is that when students are unchained from scripted curriculum and given the freedom to learn based on personal interests and passions, our kids rise to the occasion in unique and powerful ways.
As Penn Manor High School launched the Linux laptop learning initiative, our team deliberately created opportunities for our students to be deeply entwined in supporting their peers and the school-wide laptop initiative. What better way to help kids learn the art and science of technology than via an apprenticeship model? Our student tech team program is an honors-level independent study course, and students report for the class like they would for math, science, or art. Any similarity to a traditional high school course ends there.
Students technology apprentices work alongside district IT staff on hardware support, repairs, software setup, instructional tutorials, system imaging, peer training, and any number of tasks related to our school-wide laptop program. Daily work assignments are guided by the needs of fellow students and classroom teachers. On any given day, you might observe our help desk apprentices answering questions from students or staff, repairing a damaged laptop screen, experimenting with code, or diving into Linux configuration files.
We could never write a formal curriculum to match their daily real-world help desk experiences. There is no textbook; students use the Internet to discover solutions to problems or borrow code and ideas freely shared by the open source technical community. They learn and play with the same support tools, software, and techniques utilized by industry professionals.
My team and I are certainly present as mentors and facilitators. But none of us watch over the students and tally points or grade each task as an absolute success or failure. In fact, the errors and little failures, the bad guesses and small mistakes help, creating an even more vibrant student learning experience. Troubleshooting steps either solve a problem or cause the students to return to the drawing board. Code either executes or crashes. We have no simulations, worksheets, or final exams. The program is pure practical problem-solving of authentic issues.
Of course, open source software is integral to our success. Our students could never experience this level of technology learning on locked down, closed source operating systems and applications. Better yet, all Penn Manor High School students, no matter their technical skill level, are free to explore, experiment, and learn programming, science, math, art, and music via a capable and flexible computer. What I love so much about the open source philosophy is that it flattens the classroom hierarchy between teacher and student. Open source brings a participatory, team mentality to the classroom. The focus is on crafting something new, not passing a test. One student may be playing with Node.JS, another with HTML/CSS. With that, a teacher may challenge the students to solve a practical problem. Together, the team collaborates to invent a whole new application for use in their school. And we did exactly that.
A Penn Manor Technologist, Alex Lagunas, worked with student apprentices to create a classroom URL sharing program called PaperPlane. The program runs on every one of our high school laptops and saves teachers from writing long URLs on the chalkboard. One simply pastes a website into the program and the address is automatically shared with every classroom laptop. PaperPlane may be a simple little program, but it epitomizes the power of an open learning philosophy that venerates students, not curriculum. How many standardized tests have this kind of reach and impact on an entire school?
And exactly how does one grade a student software project, hardware repair, or peer training session? Standard grade scales fall short of assessing how deeply a student's passion and soul is stitched into a tangible creation used by fellow classmates. To appraise these learning stories, we need to think very differently from the closed models of tradition.
Read more on the Penn Manor Technology blog.
More resources: What is open education? and Youth using open source (a free eBook).
EUGENE, OR—Now synonymous with controversial uniforms, the Oregon Ducks reached a new level of contentiousness Saturday when they took the field to play Stanford wearing helmets, jerseys, pants, socks, and shoes made entirely of rotting, feather-strewn duck flesh. “Jesus Christ, the smell and all those goddamn flies,” said Stanford head coach David Shaw, who pleaded with officials to suspend the game when a nauseous Cardinal defense started vomiting on the field, and again when slippery footballs covered in duck blood limited his team's passing game. “I've said before that their uniforms can be overly distracting, but the way the sun glints off those slimy duck entrails wrapped around the waist clearly has to be some kind of violation. Plus I've got a halfback receiving stitches from the duck bill that snapped off a tackler's shoulder pads and lacerated his forearm.” According to NCAA officials, an investigation into Oregon's controversial uniforms will be conducted as soon as health officials deem the sweaty, festering duck carcasses now strewn in a sopping pile on the floor of the Autzen Stadium locker room safe enough for inspection.
Advertisement
Eileen Davidson
You can fire her. But you can't stop her. Soap superstar Eileen Davidson, who returns to Days of Our Lives on Thursday, Oct. 11 as nutty hell-raiser Kristen Blake, hasn't been on the NBC serial in 14 years. And she wouldn't be on it now if she hadn't been unceremoniously dumped from her long-running role as heroine Ashley Abbott on CBS's The Young and the Restless. Sony, which oversees both soaps, pulled the puppet strings on the deal, axing Davidson fromY&R mid-contract and basically trading her without permission, like she's with the NFL. Yet things worked out pretty damn well — for her and us! Who doesn't want to see Kristen back in Salem ruining lives and driving Dr. Marlena Evans bat-crap crazy? TV Guide Magazine talked with Davidson about her roller-coaster suds career and, of course, we hit her with the big question: Will she once again don those fake buck teeth and play Kristen's dippy doppelganger Susan?
TV Guide Magazine: The last time we saw Kristen, wasn't she trapped on a remote island somewhere?
Davidson: Yes. She was in a dungeon having been sold into slavery, which seems a little harsh now that I think about it, but at the time is was sort of goofy and crazy and the kind of stuff [the late Days head writer] Jim Reilly was creating for me. Days is a whole different kind of animal now. It's going to be interesting to walk that fine line between what we did back then with Jim and what we do now.
TV Guide Magazine: Not to mention the fact that newer viewers won't know any of that wackadoo '90s stuff. Fourteen years is a hell of a long time.
Davidson: Tell me about it! [Laughs] I'm the one who has to live with all the flashbacks we're showing! Flashbacks are so unbelievably mean to actors! In practically every other episode we've got some old scene that explains who Kristen is, especially when it comes to the dynamic between her and John [Drake Hogestyn] and Marlena [Deidre Hall]. It's been so much fun being back with Drake and Dee and diving back into that murky pool!
TV Guide Magazine: The Days PR peeps tell me there are scenes coming up in November where Marlena catches Kristen and John in a compromising position. Give us the dish.
Davidson: Both John and Kristen turn up at the Horton cabin on Smith Island at the same time. It's really just a coincidence but that's where a lot of history happened between them. When Marlena shows up and finds them together, she's sure Kristen set it up and it turns into quite a mess.
TV Guide Magazine: Shouldn't John be wary of Kristen, too? She ruined the guy's life! Several times, actually.
Davidson: [Laughs] Oh, he's very on guard! He's not going to trust her at all. Just the fact that she's there at the cabin says a lot, right? Kristen does try to make some inroads with John, assuring him she has changed and that she's trying to be a better person. She wants to be his friend. She really has changed a lot from the old days.
TV Guide Magazine: Yeah, right.
Davidson: Really! Everyone in Salem is horrified to see Kristen back in town and they should be. She was vile! You couldn't get much more evil than she was, right? So people are really hateful towards her. But she's had tons of therapy in the years she's been away. She's trying to be very sincere in reaching out to people. She even goes to work at the church.
TV Guide Magazine: The same one where she was found naked and handcuffed to the altar? That should be fun! Let's back up. We first see Kristen again when her father, Stefano, tracks her down in Europe?
Davidson: Yeah. He's very upset about the DiMera family being in splinters and he's reaching out to her to try to put it back together. He needs her help rounding up Chad and EJ, especially now that Lexie's dead. At first Kristen doesn't want any part of it but she acquiesces. Apparently, Stefano has been taking care of her and supporting her all these years.
TV Guide Magazine: You made suds history during your previous Days run when you juggled five roles at once — Kristen, her goofball lookalike Susan, and Susan's three sibs, one of them a man! Will you resurrect any of that? Or would it be a mistake to try to recapture all that Jimmy Reilly insanity now that he's no longer with us?
Davidson: At this point, the only one even mentioned in the dialogue so far is Susan. I guess it would be fun to revisit some of that. Yeah! [Laughs] What can I say? I'm kind of a masochist. And I still have Susan's teeth. I took them with me when I left the show. I pull them out every once in a while to keep my husband in line.
TV Guide Magazine: Let's clarify what went down between you and Sony and Y&R. Word on the street is that you weren't happy about the way you were treated, even though you ultimately did stay employed.
Davidson: It was a really weird time, what with Maria Bell being let go shortly after I was. I was led to believe that I was fired, though it was a bad news-good news thing — the bad news is Y&R is firing you, the good news is Days wants you. But then there was no actual confirmation that the Days thing was happening. Maria was in Europe at the time, so that made it even more confusing. But then the Days offer finally did come in, and here I am.
TV Guide Magazine: We know actors are at the mercy of networks and production companies no matter what those contracts say, but I've never heard of a case quite like this.
Davidson: What happened to me at Y&R was shocking — I've been in this business a very long time and have never seen anything like it — but it's not like I haven't been fired before. And with everything going on in daytime right now, it was not completely surprising because everybody seems to be scrambling. Apparently, there was a lot of infighting going on behind the scenes at Y&R. We obviously know that now, considering what ultimately happened to Maria. At the time it felt like I was being ripped from my mother's arms but, in the bigger picture, I'm really happy to be at Days. It was always a place of great creativity for me. I should also say that a couple of months before I was let go at Y&R, Sony, which owns both soaps, did put out feelers as to whether or not I'd be interested in doing both shows and I said yes. That, of course, didn't happen, but it wasn't like I was completely blindsided. At least they did ask how I'd feel about going back to Days. But it was so strange being fired twice from the same show. I was, like, "Seriously? Really, people? Again?"
TV Guide Magazine: Well, for what it's worth. I interviewed Josh Griffith a couple of weeks ago, now that he's back as head writer at Y&R, and he hates it that you're not on the show anymore. He wants you back. Bad! He told me he was the one who brought you from The Bold and the Beautiful back to Y&R during the writers strike.
Davidson: I talked to Peter Bergman [Jack] the other day and he told me the same thing. That's very interesting, because I'd always been led to believe it was Maria Bell who brought me back.
TV Guide Magazine: Why doesn't that surprise me?
Davidson: If Josh said it, I'm sure it's true. [Laughs] You know what? Even though I keep getting fired from that show things worked out to my advantage. The first time I wound up taking my character over to B&B where Brad Bell wrote really well for Ashley. It was a breath of fresh air. And, now, to be able to come back to Days and do Kristen 2012 is just a gift. Sometimes things happen out of your control and it ends up being for the best. I mean that in all sincerity.
TV Guide Magazine: Even though this situation was essentially forced on you, did you still get wooed by Days? Did they sit you down and try to dazzle you with their grand plans?
Davidson: I wasn't sure what I was going to do for a little while there. Days had some great story plans for me and I did hear all that before I said yes. Of course, even if a story outline sounds good you never really know until you get those scripts. But the writing has been terrific — very intelligent and witty and wonderful to play. Very different from what I was doing on Y&R, which was straight drama. So, yeah, it all worked out really, really well. My contract with Days is kind of fluid. It's not what you might think. I have leeway. And it wasn't like they were horrible to me and I was made to do this. I could have said no. I was given a lot of options. Ultimately, it felt mutually beneficial and I am very happy here. [Laughs] And I gotta tell you, some things never change! I just love it when Kristen tortures Marlena! Driving that woman crazy is the most fun ever!
Subscribe to TV Guide Magazine now!
President Obama must remember the message of election night and back away from cutting Social Security benefits.
That didn't last nearly as long as I had hoped. I put on my Obama baseball cap — the one I picked up from a street vendor while walking to the inauguration four years ago — a few weeks before the November election. I've worn it every day since, to both celebrate his victory and cheer on the president for keeping to a progressive promise in the fiscal negotiations. Part of that promise was telling the DesMoines Register that Social Security benefits should not be cut. But it looks like my cap is going back on the shelf if reports that Obama is willing to cut Social Security benefits prove to be true.
There are three things to keep in mind about the president agreeing to cuts in Social Security benefits. The first is that Social Security's benefits are slim, while retirement savings for most Americans are even thinner. The second is that if we are going to address Social Security's eventual shortfall, there's a simple progressive alternative to cutting benefits. The third is that this concession is giving in to the corporate deficit hawks, each of whom has huge personal retirement accounts. Let's take them — very briefly — one at a time.
Social Security is what American seniors survive on. As Dean Baker reports, “The median income of people over age 65 is less than $20,000 a year. Nearly 70 percent of the elderly rely on Social Security benefits for more than half of their income and nearly 40 percent rely on Social Security for more than 90 percent of their income. These benefits average less than $15,000 a year.”
And most people don't have savings to fall back on. Half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings and nearly half of baby boomers are at risk of not having enough savings to pay for basic necessities and health care.
Point number two is if you are going to tackle the eventual Social Security shortfall — which has nothing to do with the fiscal talks since Social Security doesn't contribute a dime to the deficit — there is a simple, progressive alternative to cutting benefits. Lifting the cap on payments into Social Security for income of greater than $110,100 would only impact 6 percent of wage earners and would extend the life of the trust fund for almost 75 years.
Finally, let's look at the corporate CEOs who blithely talk cuts in Social Security, like Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, who told CBS News, “You're going to have to do something, undoubtedly, to lower people's expectations of what they're going to get.” It's easy for a guy who has $12 million in retirement assets to dismiss a cut in benefits of $1,000 and more than just lowered expectations. Other CEOs leading the campaign to cut benefits include Honeywell's David Cote, with $78 million in his retirement account, and GE's Jeffrey Immelt, with $55 million stashed away for his later years.
Hopefully the president will back away from cutting Social Security benefits. If not, we need Democratic leaders like Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to keep to his pledge to keep Social Security out of the fiscal talks. And if a fiscal package with the cuts is presented, Democrats in both houses should offer an amendment, substituting lifting the cap on 6 percent of upper-income Americans for cutting benefits for all our retirees. That's the kind of choice we need Congress to face.
But Mr. President, let's not get to that choice: I really like wearing my Obama cap.
Richard Kirsch is a Senior Fellow at the Roosevelt Institute, a Senior Advisor to USAction, and the author of Fighting for Our Health. He was National Campaign Manager of Health Care for America Now during the legislative battle to pass reform.
Cross-posted from the Roosevelt Institute's Next New Deal Blog
The Roosevelt Institute is a nonprofit organization devoted to carrying forward the legacy and values of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt.
Photo credit: AP/Carolyn Kaster
TULITA, NT, May 17, 2017 /CNW/ - Yesterday, the negotiators for the Tulita Yamoria Community Secretariat and the governments of the Northwest Territories and Canada initialled the proposed Tulita Self-Government Agreement-in-Principle (AIP).
Tulita, a community in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories, is negotiating a self-government agreement, to fulfil an obligation in the Sahtu Dene and Metis Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement.
By initialling the AIP, the negotiators are recommending the AIP to their respective leadership for approval. Once initialled, each party will consider approving and signing the AIP. Final Self-Government Agreement negotiations will begin following approval and signing of the AIP.
The settlement of land claims and the conclusion of self-government agreements is key to advancing reconciliation with Indigenous communities in Canada. Agreements like this one help create the foundation for social development and economic growth that can generate benefits for Indigenous people and all Canadians.
Quotes
"The Tulita Yamoria Community Secretariat is excited to have initialled the Tulita Self-Government Agreement-in-Principle. This is a milestone toward forming our own self-government."
Dyanne Doctor
Chairperson of Tulita Yamoria Community Secretariat
"The Northwest Territories is a leader nationally in relationship-building with our Indigenous partners. This is an important step in Tulita's journey towards self-government. Building on the Sahtu Dene and Metis Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement, self-government will allow the people of Tulita to chart their own course. Over the coming decades, the NWT will face significant social, economic and environmental challenges as well as great opportunities and how we as governments unite in partnership will help shape our common future."
The Honourable Bob McLeod
Premier of the Northwest Territories and Minister of Executive and Indigenous Affairs
"This marks an important step forward on the path to reconciliation with Tulita and to healthier, more self-reliant and prosperous Indigenous communities. A self-government agreement for Tulita will provide the community with more flexibility and control in the development and delivery of programs and services, in a manner best suited to the culture and values of the Sahtu Dene and Metis of Tulita ‎and will benefit the economy for all of Canada."
The Honourable Carolyn Bennett, M.D., P.C., M.P.
Minister of Indigenous and Northern Affairs
Quick Facts
An AIP is a not a legally binding document. It addresses most of the subjects for a self-government agreement and serves as the basis for concluding the Final Self-Government Agreement.
Following the initialling of the AIP, the Tulita Yamoria Community Secretariat and the Government of Canada will seek the authority to approve and sign the AIP. The Government of the Northwest Territories is prepared to approve and sign the AIP.
will seek the authority to approve and sign the AIP. The Government of the is prepared to approve and sign the AIP. Tulita is a community located in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories , with a population of approximately 560 people, 85 per cent of whom are of Aboriginal descent.
Stay Connected
Follow us on Twitter, YouTube, Facebook and Flickr.
You can subscribe to receive our news releases and speeches via RSS feeds or e-mail. For more information or to subscribe, visit www.aandc.gc.ca/subscriptions.
SOURCE Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada
For further information: For more information, media may contact: Sabrina Williams, Press Secretary, Office of the Honourable Carolyn Bennett, 819-953-8316; Media relations, Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada, 819-953-1160; Andrew Livingstone, Senior Cabinet Communications Advisor, Government of the Northwest Territories, Tel: (867) 767-9140 ext. 11091, Email: andrew_livingstone@gov.nt.ca; Norman Yakeleya (English), Cell. 867-587-6770; Frank Andrew (Slavey), Tel: 867-588-3341
By Ed Leahy
The arrival of James McClean on the Premier League scene this season sparked a spate of debates about the Ireland midfielders that would be travelling to this summer's European championships.
McClean had not even received an international call-up and was not even officially eligible, yet the clamour for his inclusion reached fever pitch as the Derry City starlet lit up the Stadium of Light under the expert tutelage of new Sunderland boss, Martin O'Neill
Trapattoni was last to jump on the McClean bandwagon, yet he has since been swayed and has now admitted that the former Candystripe is 90 to 99 per cent going to Poland.
So McClean's probable inclusion has made the midfield eight even more competitive, and with so much quality to choose from in this category, some big names are going to be left behind.
But let's look at the midfielders who could justify selection for the EURO 2012 Republic of Ireland squad:
James McClean
Less than 12 months ago, McClean was putting the fear of God into full-backs the length and breath of the country. Derry City had unearthed a gem, yet to the average Ireland football fan, the name would not have rung any bells.
Luckily for the lively left-sided midfielder, some top English clubs were paying attention to the League of Ireland and McClean was snapped up for a bargain and shipped off to the banks of the Wear and to Sunderland.
Remarkably, McClean made his Premier League bow less than five months ago and it was just over four months since he made his first start for his new club.
So was Trapattoni right to be slow to embrace McClean? Is he really good enough to justify a place in the EURO 2012 squad considering he played no part in the qualification process?
McClean's club performances (24 starts since 1 January) have proved that the ability is there and no better judge of a player than Martin O'Neill. And when Trapattoni saw the spontaneous crowd reaction as McClean made his Ireland debut, he probably felt that it was a win-win situation to take the young Derry man to Poland.
McClean's inclusion is akin to England's gamble on Theo Walcott at the 2006 World Cup. The Arsenal youngster wasn't used in that tournament, but Trapattoni is almost certain to utilise McClean at some stage in Poland. Expect the Sunderland man to get a good run in the pre-Euro friendlies and those performances should dictate whether McClean might be starting that opening EURO 2012 game in Poznan against Croatia.
Verdict: Didn't personally think that McClean would be going to the Euros until Trap let the cat out of the sack last week. Four months of high-octane Premier League football hasn't exposed any flaws but will the Ireland rookie be accepted by those that matter most, his new international team-mates.
Glenn Whelan
Four years into his Stoke City career, 28-year-old Glenn Whelan is in the prime of his career going into this summer's championships. There is absolutely no chance that Whelan could be omitted and he is certain to start the opening game against Croatia.
Trapattoni has been good for Whelan and likewise, the hard-working Stoke City midfielder has been a revelation for the Ireland boss. The central midfield workhorse position is not the most glamorous job but it is one that is needed for the Trapattoni machine to function.
And coinciding with the successful European qualifying campaign, Whelan's club career has also flourished as the former Sheffield Wednesday man was recently rewarded with a new contract at the Britannia Stadium.
Verdict: The pundits take pleasure pointing out the limits of Whelan's talents but without the Stoke midfielder carrying out orders for General Trapattoni, the Irish would be enjoying an extended summer break, watching the Euros from the bars of the Costa Del Sol. Whelan's on the plane.
Keith Andrews
After a turbulent year at club level, Keith Andrews will be delighted to get back to a bit of normality in the international set-up.
Like his midfield partner at international level, Glenn Whelan, Andrews knows the job that Trapattoni wants him to carry out and he has been performing it to the manager's satisfaction, which guarantee's Andrews' place in the squad and a start in the tournament opener in Poznan.
Trapattoni's reluctance to tinker with selection and formation, especially in the midfield engine room, has benefitted the central pairing as other talented midfielders have not been given ample opportunity to displace the Whelan-Andrews axis.
Despite Andrews' club issues, the midfielder played plenty of first-team football at Ipswich and with West Brom since his deadline day transfer to escape from the sinking ship that is Blackburn Rovers. Andrews will be a free agent at season's end so a solid EURO 2012 should see the 31-year-old land a nice deal at a club looking for a hard-working, reliable midfielder.
Verdict: Another easy target when things aren't going well for Ireland but Andrews' work-rate allows Trapattoni to include two flair players in his midfield four. The only opinion that matters will deem that Keith Andrews will be on the plane in June.
Damien Duff
Ten years ago Damien Duff was terrifying defenders and scoring vital goals at the 2002 World Cup in Japan and Korea. Fast forward to the 2011-12 season and the tricky winger is still showing that same form and desire that has cemented his place in the Ireland starting XI and he remains one of the fans' favourites ahead of the summer's championships.
Duff's season started last June as Fulham went through the qualifying stages of the Europa League, however, the midfielder has not been overused and has only played 34 times for the Cottagers. And at 33, the Dubliner's club form earned a contract extension to stay at Fulham until the summer of 2013
Verdict: The Ireland legend is still loving his football and wearing that green jersey. Hopefully his goal celebration will be as good as his Japanese bow when he scored against Saudi Arabia in the World Cup.
Darron Gibson
What do you do when your international manager tells you to leave Manchester United? Well Darron Gibson eventually heeded the advice and, like John O'Shea moving on to Sunderland, the transfer has been a revelation for Gibson who has seamlessly slotted into the Toffees' midfield. And Gibson has since become an instant fans' favourite, scoring the winner against Manchester City less than a month after joining the Goodison Park outfit.
Despite being called up to the squad for Ireland's last fixture against the Czech Republic, Gibson had to pull out through injury. The injury has cleared up and Gibson played an important role in Everton's impressive finish to the season, also playing the full 90 minutes in the 4-4 draw with former club Manchester United.
Gibson has yet to show what he is capable of in the green of Ireland but has shown glimpses of the quality he possessed including the wonder strike against Wales in the Carling Nations Cup.
Verdict: Surely Trapattoni wouldn't leave him behind after making the ultimate sacrifice, leaving Old Trafford. Gibson must have one and a half feet on the plane but will be playing it cool until he hears Trap announce his name on Monday.
Paul Green
A late arrival on the international scene, Paul Green made an immediate impact on the Ireland team as he scored on his first international start against Algeria.
The Derby County midfielder (he is leaving in the summer) missed the end of the qualifying campaign due to a bad knee injury picked up at the end of last season but returned to the Ireland squad, albeit belatedly, for the Czech Republic friendly in February.
Green has won ten international caps in the two years since joining up with Trap's squad so he obviously ticks a lot of boxes as far as the manager is concerned.
Green is a neat and tidy Trapattoni-style midfielder who will work hard and joins up with the attack from time to time and he has slotted in at right back at club level but it would surely take a lot of injuries for the Derby man to get a run out in defence.
Verdict: His short Ireland career was tarnished by some bad press following the defeat to Russia at Aviva Stadium. However, Trapattoni kept the faith as he played the full 90 on the night. Still in with a shout of making the final 23 but will probably just miss out.
Keith Fahey
Another of the League of Ireland exiles who made an immediate impact on arrival in England when he signed for Birmingham City. The former St Pat's midfielder helped City to promotion to the Premier League and spent two seasons in the top flight earning his first senior international call-up along the way.
Fahey has played several important cameo roles in the green jersey and scored the only goal of the game when Ireland secured three valuable away points in Armenia.
Birmingham's relegation from the Premier League last year will have done Fahey no favours as he has been out of the spotlight all season. He has, however, played a big part getting City to the play-offs and started over 40 games so far this season, including some high-profile Europa League fixtures.
Fahey is a great passer or the ball and very composed when in possession. He has a quality that brings a new dimension to the Ireland midfield when he plays, and is equally comfortable in the middle or out wide.
Verdict: So many permutations in midfield that someone who helped Ireland qualify is going to miss out. Will it be Fahey? Hopefully not but it's a close call. If the rumours of an established player not being available are true, it just might work in Fahey's favour.
Seamus Coleman
The former Sligo Rovers defender was transformed into a midfielder by David Moyes at Everton and received his first international call-up as a result of impressive performances on the right wing during the 2010-11 season.
The clamour for Coleman's inclusion in Trap's squad last year was not too dissimilar to the James McClean furore this year. However, Coleman's five international caps so far have not appeared to overly impress the manager, while the 2011-12 season at Goodison Park has been a mixed bag with injuries resulting in Coleman playing less than 20 games.
Verdict: Close but no cigar for the Killybegs youngster. Will probably be kept on the reserve list in case of injuries but there will be plenty more opportunities for Coleman in future campaigns.
Stephen Hunt
Another member of the Wolves mafia, Stephen Hunt is one of those players every manager loves to have at their disposal and one that no defender wants to be marking.
Hunt has been an integral part of Trapattoni's Ireland project and has worn the green 38 times since his debut in 2007. The former Reading midfielder has been used more recently as an impact sub for Ireland as he sits behind Aiden McGeady and Damien Duff in the pecking order for the wide midfield role.
The arrival of James McClean on the international radar will certainly have given Hunt food for thought considering he was playing in a struggling Wolves team and has missed a large chunk of the season run-in following a hernia operation.
Thankfully for Hunt, he returned for already relegated Wolves last weekend and will, no doubt, be begging Terry Connor to give him the remaining two games to build fitness ahead of the Euros.
Verdict: Once Hunt can prove his fitness he will make Trap's 23. The arrival of McClean, however, could limit the Deise man's involvement at EURO 2012.
James McCarthy
For a player with just three international caps, James McCarthy has already had an enormous amount of press coverage in relation to his Ireland career.
The Wigan midfielder was another player to face the wrath of the Trapattoni communication machine and things were not looking too good for McCarthy at one stage with reports claiming that he was ready to turn his back on Ireland to play for his native Scotland.
Reports were rubbished and a truce appears to be in place as McCarthy was called into the squad for the recent clash with the Czech Republic. McCarthy was also recently praised by assistant Marco Tardelli but that just could mean he's in the ‘one for the future' category.
Verdict: Watching some of McCarthy's recent performances for Wigan, most notably putting Tomas Rosicky in his pocket in the victory at the Emirates Stadium, you would imagine that the midfielder would be guaranteed a place in the Ireland 23. But this is Trapattoni that we're dealing with. All will be revealed on Monday. Gut feeling – In…!!
Aiden McGeady
An ever-present in Trapattoni's squads, Aiden McGeady is now playing his club football in Russia with Spartak Moscow after leaving Celtic in 2010. The decision was baffling, however, the quality of the league that the tricky Ireland winger is playing in cannot be questioned as it is ranked seventh by UEFA.
Recent reports from Moscow regarding McGeady's form are positive and that will please the Ireland boss who has shown great faith in the winger throughout the qualifying campaign.
Verdict: McGeady will make the 23 and should start the opening game against Croatia.
Best of the rest
Hats off to throw-in specialist Rory Delap who has continued to impress with Stoke in the Premier League but with absolutely no hope of getting a call up from Trapattoni.
And what about Liam Lawrence? A regular in the last World Cup qualifying campaign, the hard-working right-sided midfielder fell out of fortune as his club side Portsmouth went into freefall. Now on loan at Cardiff, Lawrence has helped the Bluebirds into the play-offs and may have something to celebrate this summer, although it won't involve the words Poland or aeroplane.
Norwich City midfielder Wes Hoolahan is a class act and has proven himself to be of Premier League quality. The Ireland management team are keeping tabs on the former Shelbourne player's progress but there'll be no phone call this week regarding EURO 2012 affairs.
Likewise, Hoolahan's team-mate Anthony Pilkington has had a superb season at Carrow Road in the Premier League and should see some senior international action in the upcoming World Cup qualifying campaign.
Sunderland's David Meyler has seen very little action this season, while Keith Treacy has six caps in the last two years but has recently been spotted in League One, of all places, helping Sheffield Wednesday's quest for promotion.
And the last word on midfielders goes to Stephen Ireland. A shame that such a class act is not even being considered for international duty but no manager in his right mind would spring him into the EURO 2012 squad at the last minute.
The right noises are starting to come from Camp Ireland about returning to the international scene and, while it's not the most coveted of awards going this year, Ireland was named Aston Villa Supporters Player of the Year.
List highlights best places for post-9/11 veterans to leverage military skill sets
SAN ANTONIO — Houston is the No. 1 place in the nation for veterans to find civilian employment, according to a new study commissioned by USAA and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation's Hiring Our Heroes program. The 2013 “Best Places for Veterans: Jobs” list identifies U.S. metro areas that offer America's new generation of veterans more opportunities to find a military skill-related job. The remainder of the top 10 list includes:
Dallas Minneapolis Oklahoma City Austin, Texas Norfolk, Va. Tampa, Fla. Salt Lake City Orlando, Fla. Ft. Lauderdale, Fla. “Some of the keys to a successful military separation are planning and preparing well in advance, including determining where you want to live and work,” said Eric Engquist, executive director of military transitions at USAA. “This study and resources, like USAA's military separation checklist and military separation assessment tool, can help those who have left or are considering leaving the service make their transition as smooth as possible.”
"More than 1 million service members and their families are expected to leave the armed forces over the next five years,” said Eric Eversole, executive director of Hiring Our Heroes and Navy Reserve Judge Advocate Commander. “We must remain vigilant to help these men and women find employment, and this list highlights the top places where veterans can put their skills to work.”
USAA, a leading financial services provider focused on serving the military community and their families, and Hiring Our Heroes, a program of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation, commissioned Sperling's BestPlaces to develop the lists. Researchers reviewed variables for 379 major U.S. metropolitan areas, including:
Employment opportunities in the top industries employing post-9/11 veterans, as reported by the U.S. Department of Labor (March 2013).
Overall job climate based on unemployment rate and recent job growth.
Presence of colleges/universities.
Access to Veterans Affairs hospitals and health resources.
Each variable was weighted and each metro area was then ranked based on its total points for all variables. To be considered for this year's list, metro areas had to meet the following criteria: an unemployment rate less than 1 percentage point above the national average, a median cost of living less than 10 percentage points above the national average and a violent crime rate below the top 10 percent of all metros.
USAA and Hiring Our Heroes also commissioned lists of the top metro areas for veterans to find employment in medium and small markets. To see the lists and access the Best Places for Veterans tool to create a customized list of best places, visit www.usaa.com/bestplaces.
USAA is part of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hiring Our Heroes initiative established to help veterans find meaningful employment. Since 2005, USAA has hired more than 7,800 military veterans and spouses. Today, one out of every four new hires at USAA is a veteran or military spouse, and USAA is now working to meet a new internal goal that 30 percent of the organization's new hires be veterans or military spouses.
About USAA
USAA provides insurance, banking, investment and retirement products and services to 9.8 million members of the U.S. military and their families. Known for its legendary commitment to its members, USAA is consistently recognized for outstanding service, employee well-being and financial strength. USAA membership is open to all who are serving or have honorably served our nation in the U.S. military — and their eligible family members. For more information about USAA, or to learn more about membership, visit usaa.com.
About the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation (USCCF) is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit affiliate of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce dedicated to strengthening America's long-term competitiveness by addressing developments that affect this nation, its economy, and the global business environment.
The trademarks, logos and names of other companies, products and services are the property of their respective owners.
The list does not represent any endorsement, expressed or implied, by the Department of Defense or any other United States government agency.
Population data as of 2012, U.S. Census Bureau. Median home price data current as of first quarter 2013 from state records of home sales and National Association of Realtors. Unemployment rate as of March 2013, Bureau of Labor Statistics. Job growth rate for last 12 months as of March 2013, Bureau of Labor Statistics. Largest industries as of 2011, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages. Nearby colleges as of 2012, National Center for Education Statistics.
149533-1013
WASHINGTON (CBSDC/AP) — Joe Biden made a midday lunch run Thursday to pick up sandwiches for himself and the president, but when it came time to pay the tab, the vice president came up short.
Customers gathered for a grand opening were taken aback to see the vice president sweep through the doors of Capriotti's, a Delaware-born sandwich shop and longtime Biden favorite. Biden quickly announced that the sandwiches — they're called subs, not hoagies, he asserted — originate from Wilmington's Union Street — “where I hang out.”
“The president's waiting. I'm having lunch with him today,” Biden said to no one in particular.
Four sandwiches later, Biden had racked up a bill of $56.25 for his to-go order, exhausting the contents of the vice presidential wallet. So Biden turned to his assistant, Fran Person, to borrow $10 as a shop worker offered one of the sandwiches to be on the house.
“No, no, no, I'm not taking it,” Biden said, adding that he's had to pay every time he's visited the restaurant for the last 40 years. “In Delaware, you pay. It's simple.”
Outside the shop, the vice president's visit formed a bit of a spectacle, and he shouted his sandwich suggestions to onlookers who'd caught wind of his visit. He was less accommodating to a group of oversized presidential mascots known for their fourth-inning races during Washington Nationals games.
“Hey, I love you guys, but you know, if you showed up outside Capriotti's on Union Street, you'd be in trouble,” Biden said. “They're all Phillies fans, you know what I mean?”
Biden has been known to frequent the chain's Delaware restaurants, and has even had their sandwiches brought in for events in Washington. He brought staff members from Delaware along for the lunchtime trip, the White House said.
The state department seems convinced by photographs collected by Ukraine's government that analyse the weapons, dress – and beards – of 'green men' appearing with paramilitaries in eastern cities
The US state department has claimed Russian special forces are engaged in covert actions in Ukraine, citing as evidence controversial photographs that purportedly identify known personnel and show bullet-proof jackets and “Russian-designed weapons like AK-47s”.
At first glance, the US appears to be opening itself up to ridicule by referring to the AK-47, a ubiquitous rifle used for decades in conflicts from the Middle East to Africa and Latin America due to its ease of use.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Armed pro-Russian forces guard a barricade in front of Slovyansk's city hall. The US says weapons used by some forces are Russian-made AK-74s. Photograph: Sergei Grits/AP
But the state department's assertion is not as dubious at it seems, according to Igor Sutyagin, a Russian affairs specialist at the London-based Royal United Services Institute. “They are a new generation of Kalashnikovs, not the kind it is possible to buy in the shops,” he said. “They are used by the Russian army and extensively used during the takeover in the Crimea.”
The dispute over the provenance of the AK-47 is just one piece of the row over whether the “green men” that have emerged in eastern Ukraine are merely pro-Russian supporters or are being bolstered by Russian special forces and intelligence agencies.
The controversy has been stoked by the US, which has backed pictures circulated by the Ukrainian government purportedly identifying Russian special forces that were part of Russia's invasion of Georgia in 2008.
What is in these pictures?
The Ukrainian government sent pictures of pro-Russian separatists to the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the pan-continental body whose aims include conflict prevention. According to Ukraine, the pictures offered evidence that Russian special forces and intelligence are engaged.
A collage of pictures shows a figure with a long beard that the Ukrainian government claims is “a soldier of the Russian special forces, who took part in combat operations in Georgia in 2008”, identified in Kramatorsk in Ukraine during the assault on a local police station by amed pro-Russian activists.
The US says the bearded 'green man', to the left of the Ukrainian police officer being arrested in Slavyansk last week, is the same man pictured in Georgia in 2008, below. Photograph: Kommersant/Getty
Other pictures show groups of men apparently in Russian military uniforms with identifying tags removed. Few would have paid much attention to the pictures until the US state department joined in.
“There has been broad unity in the international community about the connection between Russia and some of the armed militants in eastern Ukraine, and the photos presented by the Ukrainians last week only further confirm this, which is why US officials have continued to make that case,” the state department spokesman Jen Psaki told CNN on Monday.
Do the pictures prove that Russian special forces are engaged in Ukraine?
Any US government should be wary of presenting photographs as proof little more than a decade after Colin Powell displayed at the United Nations photographs incorrectly showing Iraq's weapons of mass destruction.
The Ukrainian pictures do not provide unequivocal proof. The man with the grey beard cited as being in Ukraine does resemble the one in Georgia in 2008, but only loosely. Close inspection shows the moustache is combed up in one and down in the other, the beards are different lengths, the hair much whiter and there is a difference in weight. That could be explained away by the seven-year gap, but it is far from conclusive.
Does this mean Russian special forces are not engaged in eastern Ukraine?
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Viacheslav Ponomariov, commander of the pro-Russian forces in east Ukraine, speaks with his troops in Slavyansk. Photograph: Pierre Le Crom/Le Journal/Rex
Russia initially denied that similar tactics were used in Crimea, where Russian soldiers removed their badges and pretended to be Crimean paramilitaries. The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, last week admitted that they had been Russian soldiers, but denied special forces and intelligence agents were engaged in the same tactics in eastern Ukraine.
Brigadier Ben Barry, who specialises in land warfare at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, which has offices in London and Washington, offers a cautious assessment that hints at the involvement of people with military training.
“Some of the photos and video footage I've seen shows armed men acting much more professionally and better-equipped than the vast majority of activists," he said. "But they seem to me to be in a minority. This may be because there are few of them, or they are deliberately staying in the background, or both.”
“My judgment is that there is strong evidence that there are a small number of better-equipped and trained personnel involved with the pro-Russian activists. Are they Russian Spetsnaz [special forces]? Possibly, but I've not yet seen a smoking gun,” Barry added.
What other ‘evidence' is there that Russian special forces and intelligence agents are involved?
The US says many of the pro-Russian militants engaged in seizing government offices in six cities in eastern Ukraine were “outfitted in bullet-proof vests, camouflage uniforms with insignia removed … These armed units, some wearing black and orange St George's ribbons associated with Russian victory day celebrations … These operations are strikingly similar to those used against Ukrainian facilities during Russia's illegal military intervention in Crimea in late February and its subsequent occupation.”
But the bullet-proof jackets, the St George's ribbons and the other paraphernalia mentioned are easily available.
Other evidence? The Ukrainian intelligence services released a recording of what it claimed was an intercepted communication between Russian agents in eastern Ukraine and Russia, basically suggesting that special forces should stay in the background and leave interviews to locals.
Sutyagin says this is among possible pointers to the involvement of Russian special forces. He acknowledged that many Ukrainians involved are genuinely dissatisfied and see a better future with Russia, but he believes they are being backed by special forces. “I do not think the special forces make up less than 10% of those involved,” he said, predicting “a long period of instability ahead”.
Major Mainstream Religious Leaders Support White House on Contraceptive Coverage In Health Care Reform
UPDATED–Thirty-one major mainstream religious leaders released a statement supporting the January 20, 2012 announcement by the Department of Health and Human Services that contraceptive services must be covered by most insurance policies without deductibles or co-pays, and that only purely sectarian organizations are exempt from this requirement.
Catholics for Choice; the Central Conference of American Rabbis; Concerned Clergy for Choice; Disciples for Choice; Disciples Justice Action Network; Episcopal Divinity School; Episcopal Women's Caucus; Hadassah; the Jewish Reconstructionist Federation; Jewish Women International; Methodist Federation for Social Action; More Light Presbyterians; Muslims for Progressive Values; the National Council of Jewish Women; Planned Parenthood Clergy Advisory Board; Presbyterians Affirming Reproductive Options; Presbyterian Voices for Justice; the Rabbinical Assembly; the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice; the Religious Institute; Shalom Center; Society for Humanistic Judaism; The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism; Union Theological Seminary; Unitarian Universalist Association; United Church of Christ; Women's Alliance for Theology, Ethics and Ritual (WATER); Women's League for Conservative Judaism; and Women of Reform Judaism represent millions of religious leaders and people of faith across the country.
Together, the leaders of these Christian, Jewish and Muslim national organizations affirmed:
“We stand with President Obama and Secretary Sebelius in their decision to reaffirm the importance of contraceptive services as essential preventive care for women under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and to assure access under the law to American women, regardless of religious affiliation. We respect individuals' moral agency to make decisions about their sexuality and reproductive health without governmental interference or legal restrictions. We do not believe that specific religious doctrine belongs in health care reform – as we value our nation's commitment to church-state separation. We believe that women and men have the right to decide whether or not to apply the principles of their faith to family planning decisions, and to do so they must have access to services. The Administration was correct in requiring institutions that do not have purely sectarian goals to offer comprehensive preventive health care. Our leaders have the responsibility to safeguard individual religious liberty and to help improve the health of women, their children, and families. Hospitals and universities across the religious spectrum have an obligation to assure that individuals' conscience and decisions are respected and that their students and employees have access to this basic health care service. We invite other religious leaders to speak out with us for universal coverage of contraception.”
Signed,
Catholics for Choice, Jon O'Brien, President
Central Conference of American Rabbis, Rabbi Jonathan Stein, President
Concerned Clergy for Choice, Rabbi Dennis Ross, Director
Disciples for Choice, Nancy Hunt Wirth, Representative
Disciples Justice Action Network, Rev. Dr. Ken Brooker Langston, Director
Episcopal Divinity School, The Very Reverend Dr. Katherine Hancock Ragsdale, President
Episcopal Women's Caucus, Rev. Dr. Elizabeth Kaeton, Convener
Hadassah, Marcie Natan, National President
Jewish Reconstructionist Federation, Robert Barkin, Interim Executive Vice President
Jewish Women International, Lori Weinstein, Executive Director
Methodist Federation for Social Action, Jill Warren, Executive Director
More Light Presbyterians, Rev. Dr. Michael Adee, Executive Director
Muslims for Progressive Values, Ani Zonneveld, President
National Council of Jewish Women, Nancy Kaufman, CEO
Planned Parenthood Clergy Advisory Board, Rev. Jane Emma Newall, Chair
Presbyterians Affirming Reproductive Options, Rev. Amanda Riley; Elder Brian S. Symonds, Co-Moderators
Presbyterian Voices for Justice, Rev. H. William Dummer, Moderator
Rabbinical Assembly, Rabbi Julie Schonfeld, Executive Vice President
Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, Rev. Steve Clapp, Chair
Religious Institute, Rev. Dr. Debra W. Haffner, Executive Director
Shalom Center, Rabbi Arthur Waskow, President
Society for Humanistic Judaism, M. Bonnie Cousens, Executive Director
The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, Rabbi Steven Wernick, CEO
Union Theological Seminary, Rev. Dr. Serene Jones, President
Unitarian Universalist Association, Rev. Peter Morales, President
United Church of Christ, Rev. Geoffrey Black, General Minister and President
Women's Alliance for Theology, Ethics and Ritual (WATER), Dr. Mary Hunt, Executive Director
Women's League for Conservative Judaism, Rita L. Wertlieb, President; Sarrae G. Crane, Executive Director
Women of Reform Judaism, Rabbi Marla J. Feldman, Executive Director
A bad weather front is fast approaching and a cloudburst is imminent. If you happen to be away from home, but have left a window open, either deliberately or because you forgot to check one room, you may be in for a wet surprise when you come home. However, it does not have to be like that: Thanks to a new sensor system, such situations can now be avoided. A sensor embedded in the window frame detects if a window is closed, cracked open or wide open and sends this information to a base station at the main door. When leaving the house, a resident can tell at a glance which windows are open and which closed. Since the system enables remote queries, users can even monitor windows via a smartphone. Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for Integrated Circuits IIS, based in Erlangen and Nuremberg, have developed the product in close collaboration with Seuffer, a Calw-based company which has been an IIS industry partner for over a decade.
The intelligent window monitor is based on the IIS-developed HallinOne® sensor – a 3-D magnetic field sensor that is already being used in mass-produced washing machines, where it determines the exact position of the drum. “We've adapted our technology for the window application. A fingernail-sized sensor embedded in the inner frame detects sash and handle positions by measuring any changes in the angle and position of a magnet that's embedded in the bottom of the sash. When you lock the window, for example, the magnet moves to the right,” explains IIS engineer Klaus-Dieter Taschka. “The sensor even detects if a casement window appears to be properly latched, but has actually just been pulled shut. No other system can do this.” In addition, the system is tamper-proof and so can help protect against break-ins. The magnet cannot be removed without the sensor detecting its removal.
Wireless communication
Also embedded in the frame is an RF node. Comprising a radio unit and a microcontroller, it uses the s-net® technology developed by IIS for extremely energy-efficient wireless data transmission to a base station. This can take the form of a PC, cell phone or tablet, even a room controller. “The s-net® wireless sensor network is a multi-hop network where sensor nodes exchange data both with each other and with master nodes,” says Taschka. Nodes have a communication range of 20 to 30 meters, which defines the maximum distance between one window and the next. Multi-hop capability means the system can cover vast areas, making it suitable for use in businesses. Installed in an office building, it could provide front-desk security staff with window status information and so do away with the need for walk-through checks. Another feature of the window sentinel is that it requires no cables or batteries. The sensor draws all the power it needs from its surroundings. The underlying technology, known among experts as “energy harvesting”, enables power to be derived from ubiquitous sources such as air currents, vibrations or in this case sunlight and ambient heat.
Thermoelectric generators embedded in the window frame transform heat into power. Solar cells attached to the outer window frame also help power the 3-D sensor. “Our tests showed that this works even in north-facing windows,” says Andreas Buchholz, Head of Research and Development at Seuffer.
Obviously, the system is suitable for everyday use only if all sensors function reliably. To ensure that this is the case, each chip is equipped with a coil that creates a magnetic field as soon as power is applied. If a signal is emitted, then the sensor is intact. “The window monitor is the result of a vigorous exchange of ideas we've maintained over the years with Fraunhofer researchers,” says Buchholz.
The window, which includes the sensor, magnet, RF node and solar cell, is currently available as a prototype. By the end of the year it is expected to be ready for mass production. Manufacturing will be done by Seuffer, which also developed the electronics and produced the housing.
Michu: Has completed his loan move to Napoli
Swansea forward Michu has joined Napoli on a season-long loan with an agreed option to make the move permanent.
Napoli's chairman Aurelio De Laurentiis revealed the news via his Twitter account, saying ‘Benvenuto a Michu' before Swansea confirmed the news.
Michu joined the Welsh club in 2012 for £2million from Rayo Vallecano and impressed during his first season, scoring 22 goals in 43 matches.
However, the 28-year-old endured a frustrating second season in Wales due to injuries - and netted only twice in 15 starts in the Premier League.
The one-cap Spain international scored 28 goals in 63 games in total for the Welsh club.
Napoli, who are managed by Rafa Benitez, finished third in Serie A last term to secure a place in the Champions League play-offs and also won the Coppa Italia for a fifth time.
New York City FC is today pleased to announce the appointment of Tom Glick to the position of President of the Club.
The appointment comes on the eve of NYCFC's forthcoming inaugural MLS season and follows two years of significant development and expansion since its foundation in March 2013.
Tom – a US National - joins New York City FC with more than twenty-five years of experience as a sports management professional. His 14-year career in Minor League Baseball was followed by several years at the NBA, firstly as VP Marketing and Team Business Operations at NBA Headquarters in New York City and later Chief Marketing Officer for the New Jersey Nets. More recently, he has held the roles of Chief Executive Officer at Derby County Football Club, Chief Commercial and Marketing Officer for Manchester City Football Club and Managing Director of City Football Marketing. In his new role, Tom will be responsible for all aspects of the organization on a day-to-day basis.
Speaking of his new position, Tom Glick said,
“This role for this Club is arguably one of the most exciting in soccer right now. I am thrilled to take up the responsibility and the challenge. After two years of laying the foundations for this inaugural season and beyond, we have an incredibly talented team both on and off the pitch. I very much look forward to playing my part in leading and supporting them as we embark on the next and most important stage of our development. ”
The Club can also confirm that Tim Pernetti, who joined New York City FC as Chief Business Officer in 2013, will leave the organization after the first game of the 2015 MLS season. Tim, who has overseen commercial operations for the club throughout its infancy up to and including its historic first professional game, has been appointed President of Multimedia for WME | IMG's college business.
Speaking of the move Tim Pernetti said,
“With college sports being my true passion and such a core part of my make-up, this awesome opportunity to join the team at WME | IMG was impossible to refuse, particularly at this natural exit point as New York City FC embarks on the next stage of its development. It has been my honor and a true privilege to work with the best in the soccer business and to be part of building the foundation of New York City FC. I will be a fan for life.”
Speaking of both announcements, Marty Edelman, Vice Chairman of New York City FC said,
“Tom Glick's appointment as President of New York City FC is a huge boost for the Club. The creation of the role is a necessary next step in the Club's evolution. In Tom, we have a leader with significant experience in soccer as well as in US Sports and Sports business, and one who is perfectly equipped to help the Club fulfill its full potential both on and off the field.
We would also like to thank Tim for all of his hard work as Chief Business Officer for the last 18 months. He has played a key role in preparing New York City FC for this inaugural season and the many seasons ahead. He leaves the Club with our very best wishes and will no doubt be a huge asset in his new role.”
Tom Glick will take up his position on February 1st and will report into Ferran Soriano, Managing Director of New York City FC.
25 Ways to Drive Your Fellow Cubicle Workers Crazy
Sometimes life in the office can get a little, well, dull. Long days spent gazing at a computer screen or answering phones are enough to put anyone to sleep … or slowly drive you insane.
Who says that's a bad thing, though?
We say, embrace that nervous tic and have a little fun with your cube mates.
Here are 25 ways to drive your cubicle mates crazy:
1. Put a Welcome mat in front of your cubicle. Ask that your co-workers wipe their feet before entering.
2. Find out where your boss shops for clothes and buy exactly the same outfits. Always wear them the day after your boss does. (This is works even better if your boss is the opposite sex.)
3. Refer to all of your co-workers by made-up names (find inspiration from their lunches). “Thanks for your help with that Veggie Soup!” “Excellent idea PBJ!”
4. Send e-mail to the entire office detailing your every move. For example “If anyone needs me, I'll be scoping out the vending machines for Peanut M&Ms.”
5. Use a highlighter to color your shoes. When people ask why you did it, tell them you wanted to make them easier to find.
6. Hang up mosquito netting around your cubicle.
7. Sit in a chair facing the printer for the day and tell people you're waiting for your document to come out.
8. Arrive at a meeting late, and apologize, but you haven't time to eat lunch, and you'll need to eat during the meeting. During the meeting eat several raw potatoes.
9. Ask the IT guy to change your e-mail to “thor_lord_of_thunder@companyname.com”
10. Each time someone asks you for help, ask them if they want fries with that.
11. Engage yourself in an intellectual debate about one of your company's products via e-mail. Forward the e-mail to your cubicle neighbor and ask them to settle the debate.
12. Escape from your cubicle and get a little exercise by encouraging your co-workers to participate in synchronized chair dancing.
13. Put your trash can on your desk. Label it “IN.”
14. Conduct a scientific experiment to determine how many cups of coffee is “too many.”
15. Develop an unnatural fear of your computer mouse.
16. Decorate your cubicle with pictures of Theo Huxtable and Steve Urkel. Tell everyone who asks about them that they're your children.
17. During breaks, waddle to the office fish tank wearing a snorkel mask and flippers.
18. Send out office-wide e-mails saying there's free cake, Chinese food, pizza, etc. in the breakroom. When your co-workers complain that there was none, lean back in your chair, pat your stomach and say “you snooze, you lose.”
19. Sing “Silver Bells” year round.
20. Page yourself over the intercom system without disguising your voice.
21. Carry on a conversation about last night's episode of “Fringe” with the office fern.
22. Stick Post-its on commonly used office supplies with instructions on how to use them. For example, on the stapler “Insert paper, push down.” Stop by your co-worker's desks to find out if they need any further instructions.
23. Answer your phone as Chuck Norris. Ask whoever is on the line if they'd like a roundhouse kick to the face.
24. Come to work with your face painted like a cat. Periodically lick your hands and wipe your face. Ask your cubicle mate if they have a rubber band – when they hand it to you, pretend to chew on it.
25. Put decaf in the coffeemaker for four weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch over to espresso.
On Sunday night, Citizenfour, a film about Edward Snowden holed up in a Hong Kong hotel room revealing the global spying programs run by the U.S. National Security Agency, won the Oscar for best documentary for its chilling portrait of technology and surveillance.
Three days later this week, in China, news surfaced that the country has removed from a central government purchase list some of the largest U.S tech firms implicated in the very affairs revealed by Snowden, including most notably Cisco Sistems (CSCO), but also Apple Inc (AAPL), Citrix Systems (CSTX), and Intel's (INTC) McAfee security business.
The companies were recently stripped from a China central government approved purchase list for small contracts, according to an analysis of the government-procurement list by Reuters. The number of approved foreign tech brands on China's purchase list fell by a third. A Cisco spokesperson says the company can continue to sell to Chinese governments, while an Intel spokesperson says McAfee did not apply for this year's list.
Whether China is really worried about U.S. tech firms jeopardizing state security, or if it's simply using the Snowden news as pretext for favoring domestic technology firms, is being debated. But U.S. companies being banished from the government purchase list clears up any doubt that China is an oppressive market for big U.S. tech firms.
China reacted almost immediately after Snowden divulged the NSA programs in mid-2013. Cisco said afterwards its China business had slowed to a crawl, in part because its IT-equipment was associated with spying. (It was later reported that the NSA intercepted Cisco routers to install surveillance equipment without the company's knowledge, which Cisco CEO John Chambers later complained about to President Obama.) Last year, Microsoft's Windows 8 was banned from Chinese government computers for what the government said were security concerns. Today, the country is trying to cleanse key industries in banking, state-owned enterprises, and the military from U.S. technology by 2020, according to reports.
China hasn't explicitly banned U.S. tech products, but it has gradually distanced itself from foreign tech. Earlier this month, China's banking regulator said it was planning to require source code from any suppliers of IT products used by its banks. That is greeted as a nonstarter by Microsoft Corp (MSFT) IBM (IBM), and Cisco. If approved, the rule would effectively shut them out of billions of dollars of contracts. Industry analysts say the Chinese are years away from building their own equipment on par with say, Cisco's, but they are getting closer.
The stripping of Cisco and Apple from the approved government list is the latest salvo in an ongoing tech conflict between the U.S. and China. The U.S. has similarly discriminated against Chinese telecommunications equipment makers for “state security” reasons. In 2012, a U.S. congressional committee warned that Huawei products could be used for spying—a charge the company continues to deny—but did not release evidence to support its claims. Huawei, the biggest telecom infrastructure maker in the world, can't bid for U.S. government projects or large U.S. telecom contracts. ZTE (ZTCOY), the second largest telecom infrastructure maker in China, is similarly banned.
In China, the situation has grown so poor for foreign IT that Cisco, in its latest quarterly results announced two weeks ago, said China sales dropped by 19%. Cisco's public relations department won't even directly address the topic of discrimination in China.
Except for Apple, which posted record sales in large part because its iPhone 6 dominated China's market, there's little reason to expect future good news for big U.S. tech in the Middle Kingdom. Snowden changed the dynamics in an already uneasy relationship. Now the effects are showing.
Correction: Story has been updated to reflect that companies were removed from a Chinese government approved purchase list, but not banned from government contracts.
Making workplaces flexible for all employees may just result in less discrimination against mums, writes Jenny Noyes.
I'm not sure when it was that I realised I don't want to be a mum. I think it came to me as less of a lightbulb moment and more of a gradual steeling against my family's insistence, throughout my twenties, that I should "never say never". At 29 and a happily single aunt to eight adorable kids, I can't imagine ever changing my mind.
The absence of maternal feelings in me hasn't triggered dreams of being sterilised like fellow 29-year-old Holly Brockwell – although I completely get where she's coming from. But it has got me thinking about the way our society values and encourages certain pathways in life far more than others. Especially if you're a woman.
Even as a teenager, I strongly empathised with Carrie Bradshaw's complaint that "If you're single after graduation, there isn't one occasion where people celebrate you" (apart from birthdays, but everyone has those). There are no milestones for parties at which single women's choices are toasted; which, as a budding spinster at 19, I felt was a grave injustice.
Ten years later, I'd like to think my concerns have matured a little.
Advertisement
Unlike Carrie, I don't care so much about asserting my right as a single woman to have non-wedding parties and receive non-baby-shower presents that celebrate my life choices. But more and more, I do care about asserting my right as a single woman to have the kind of workplace flexibility that parents are – and rightfully so – increasingly granted.
You see, while some people make the admirable choice to fill their lives with parenthood, those of us who have no desire to follow them aren't always looking forward instead to a lifelong marriage to our jobs. While work is often an incredibly meaningful and important part of our lives, just because single people don't go home to kids doesn't mean we don't have family or personal commitments that are just as important, to us.
Nor does it mean that we don't have dreams of making a different kind of 'baby'. A book baby, perhaps. Or a study baby. Or a travel baby. Or an artistic baby. These aren't frivolous pursuits, but the notion of workplaces granting significant time out (or everyday flexibility) to follow them is unthinkable for most people. But should it be?
As working mothers are encouraged more and more to participate fully in the workforce, study after study shows they are doing so without men picking up the slack at home. And at the office, women of childbearing age are still too often seen as a liability. Employers continue to favour men because they know fatherhood doesn't demand as much of men - physically or societally - as motherhood does of women. Women are overlooked not just because of sexism, but because many employers assume maternity leave is on the horizon for women of a certain age; and, afterwards, the flexibility most mums find they require in order to cope makes them less attractive than the men and confirmed singles employers assume have no other priorities in their lives.
As women, policymakers and employers are beginning to realise that flexibility for mothers doesn't necessarily translate to workplace equality, there's a push for fathers to demand more and take this opportunity to reimagine the balance of their work and family lives. But perhaps the real solution is more radical.
Women are constantly dealing with the loaded question of whether we can 'have it all' – but not everyone's 'all' looks the same.
Perhaps if workplaces treated everyone – parent or otherwise – as if their lives and interests outside work had value and legitimacy, the discrimination against mums and potential-mums might fade away. And perhaps all of us would find ourselves with an opportunity to lead more fulfilling lives.
This isn't pie in the sky, either. While Australian workers are working ever-longer hours, in Sweden employers are shifting to six-hour work days; and the rise of "unlimited vacation" at workplaces including Netflix, LinkedIn and a host of smaller tech agencies and startups has been the topic of much conversation around the office water cooler.
The idea behind it is that workplaces recognise their employees as adults who value their jobs and their outside lives. Time off is taken as needed, and employees are assessed on their overall performance rather than hours worked. Of course, this is within reason and is negotiated – and sceptics who say it's too good to be true reckon employers are counting on their workers feeling pressured to take even less time off than they otherwise would.
But while I'm as cynical as they come, I can't help seeing this move as an opportunity to challenge the conversation about how leave and flexibility are determined, about who needs (or 'deserves') flexibility and a life outside work, and how the working landscape might change to better accommodate the needs of all.
It's promising that the conversation around women's equality in the workplace is shifting to the role of paternity leave and flexible arrangements for men. But maybe the issue isn't just about making room for parents at work. Maybe the rest of us, rather than 'picking up the slack' at the office, should think about how we, too, could someday have it all – our all. Have the job and the book, or the band, or the Master of Poetry, or the world travel, or the podcast, or the charitable work, or the activism... or the bloody beautiful kids.
After my blogpost yesterday Pros and cons of JEP 286 I've received a lot of feedback.
The more I've been thinking about var/val it seems that my biggest mental hurdle is the Java 7 diamond operator. The diamond operator is good, it eliminates typing, and I like it… but I have the feeling it could be so much better!
Instead of (or in addition to) adding var and val I'd love to see a solution where we could ‘flip' the side of the diamond operator.
Look at the following example:
// Java 7 with diamond operator: List < Integer > numbers = new ArrayList <>(); // Proposed var: (saves 3 characters) var numbers = new ArrayList < Integer >(); // Flipped diamond operator: (larger, but more readable IMHO) List <> numbers = new ArrayList < Integer >();
In this case adding var/val doesn't improve much, we still need to specify our generics somewhere, and now it has moved.
But look at the following example:
// Java 7 with diamond operator: Map < String , Integer > someMap = someMethod (); // Proposed var: var someMap = someMethod (); // Flipped diamond operator: Map <> someMap = someMethod ();
The thing is: There is much more to win on the LHS with the diamond operator than we currently have with the RHS diamond. In most cases you're going to call code that has already defined the typing, in all those cases you can skip it LHS.
If it is possible to add var and infer everything, it should also be technically possible to have a flipped side diamond operator right? Or am I missing something?
The deteriorating health of the Canadian economy provides valuable insight into what Australia's economy will look like soon enough, including a plunging Australian dollar, as similar cyclical forces weigh down on both countries, challenging policymakers.
Atul Lele, chief investment officer at private bank Deltec, sees global growth booming but not for commodity-focused economies like Australia's.
"I can easily see a scenario where it goes into the US50s," Deltec's Atul Lele says of the Australian dollar. Credit:Louie Douvis
Last week, the Bank of Canada cut interest rates to 0.5 per cent in what was only a 50-50 decision and the second cut in 2015, prompted by fresh declines in the oil price and a difficult transition to non-energy-led growth. The central bank denied it was witnessing a recession.
"Canada is a fantastic six-month preview of what's going to happen to Australia," Mr Lele, an Australian who is based in the Bahamas, said. "The Australian dollar, it's going below US70¢ in the next six months quite easily. More importantly, it's not bouncing back any time soon. I can easily see a scenario where it goes into the US50s.
Thank you to CULER for providing me with product, free of charge, in exchange for this honest blog review. All opinions are 100% my own.
Is Minnesota the only place with a really goofy climate change? This past week has literally had me shivering cold and bundled up one day to kicking in the air conditioning for the first time this year the next and then back to bundling up again! Today seemed a little more normal with the sun shining and feeling about 65/70 out. However, I took my coat outside with me because when the wind would kick up, I would be cold again. The weather is just crazy here! While I don't think we'll ever leave Minnesota, it's definitely not my first choice of places to live since the Winters get so cold and then Spring likes to tease us for weeks or months before giving up and letting Summer shine through.
Yet, with the warmer days comes stuffy air and my need (okay…..want) for comfort. So I was excited to try out the CULER SOLO Flash-Evaporative Air Cooler. While I know the SOLO will become a steady fixture in my kitchen within the next month, I've been relishing in its performance in the bedroom until our AC is kicked in full time.
SOLO Features:
Cooling Capabilities: Independent lab tests have shown that CULER flash-evaporative air coolers really do produce cooler air. 90 degree air going in comes out as low as 68 degrees which offers 5x cooler air than pad-type coolers.
Independent lab tests have shown that CULER flash-evaporative air coolers really do produce cooler air. 90 degree air going in comes out as low as 68 degrees which offers 5x cooler air than pad-type coolers. Simple Set Up: Just pour water in the designated spot and place the cover on!
Just pour water in the designated spot and place the cover on! Easy Operation: Simply plug in, lightly push the power button, then fan button, and finally cool button for ultimate performance.
Simply plug in, lightly push the power button, then fan button, and finally cool button for ultimate performance. Three Speed Performance: Simply select high, medium, or low by pushing the fan button to select the perfect performance for your needs.
Simply select high, medium, or low by pushing the fan button to select the perfect performance for your needs. Running Time: Enjoy 10+ hours of running time with a 1 gallon water reservoir fill.
Enjoy 10+ hours of running time with a 1 gallon water reservoir fill. Portable: The SOLO weighs in at just over 10# empty, offers low voltage construction, and comes designed with a built-in carrying handle for easy portability. Use indoors, outdoors, on-the-go, in cars, or anywhere.
The SOLO weighs in at just over 10# empty, offers low voltage construction, and comes designed with a built-in carrying handle for easy portability. Use indoors, outdoors, on-the-go, in cars, or anywhere. Low Maintenance: No pads to clean and replace! The CULER air & water filters are designed with ultimate performance in mind while protecting the Flow Blurring system and requires no regular replacing.
No pads to clean and replace! The CULER air & water filters are designed with ultimate performance in mind while protecting the Flow Blurring system and requires no regular replacing. Low Energy Usage: The SOLO consumes only 35 watts of energy which translates into operating for less than a penny per hour!
We have been enjoying utilizing the CULER SOLO for a bit now and have been happy with the performance we've seen. The air definitely has a cooler and fresher feel to it after we've been running the SOLO for a bit. The one night, I watched the temperature gauge in the the bedroom and it went down two degrees within an hour of starting the SOLO. I really like that it's small in stature, yet performs well. The overall look is sleek and sophisticated and I think it would look good in any room.
Buy It: Head over to CULER to see for yourself the great selection of products they offer.
Connect: Don't forget to like CULER on Facebook, follow them on Twitter and Pinterest, Instagram, and subscribe to their YouTube Channel for all the latest news and promotions.
Win It: CULER is generously offering one of our lucky readers their very own SOLO Flash Evaporative Air Cooler valued at $240! This giveaway is open to the Continental US only and will end May 25th, 2016. For your chance to win, enter the Giveaway Tools below. Good luck!
Entry Form
I'm a city girl turned country by my awesome husband and we have three busy boys and two darling daughters. I love spending time with my family, reading Karen Kingsbury novels, and catching up with friends while our kiddos have play dates. I'm blessed beyond measure and can't wait to see what God has in store.
Follow Miranda on Pinterest | Twitter| Blog | Instagram http://www.emilyreviews.com/category/miranda
Related posts we've written:
‘They talk about gun rights. What about Chris' right to live?”
The above words were spoken by Richard Martinez, choking back tears, to reporters after his son Christopher, along with five others, was gunned down by Elliot Rodger on Friday, May 23, in Isla Vista near the University of California, Santa Barbara campus. Twenty-year-old Chris was a sophomore. Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown called it “the work of a madman,” which truly it was.
Since the above tragedy, every week or so we have been reading in the newspapers about similar shootouts happening in different parts of the country.
Now what, if anything, is society going to do? Every time a massacre like this happens, there appear a few editorials in the newspapers and a few commentaries on TV, and then regrettably everybody gets amnesia until a new round of mayhem starts all over again.
It seems to me that the public in general, and gun control advocates in particular — after repeated setbacks including Congress' failure to pass universal background checks legislation, in the face of stiff opposition from the NRA — are numb and stupefied. This is a very disheartening, in fact a very scary, situation.
But things are not as dismal as they seem. There are some bright spots if we look back at some of the society's previous achievements.
Consider cigarette smoking. Tens of thousands of people had died due to lung cancer caused by smoking before the U.S. Surgeon General was able to overcome, with staunch public support, the fierce opposition of the cigarette companies and win approval for affixing warning labels on cigarette packages about this link. And that, finally, turned the tables against the cigarette companies.
We should always remember that vested interests never forego their privileges easily. Some successful struggles of the past — the abolition of slavery, the Civil Rights Movement, women's suffrage — testify to that.
Another point, and this is important: We should be wary of electing legislators who could give a damn about any of society's needs and concerns, whose only interest is to get re-elected and thus retain their privileges.
Finally, even though the anti-gun control lobbies are currently formidable, I believe the Zeitgeist is in favor of gun control advocates. The former won't last long.
Himat Batra is an associate professor emeritus in the Department of Computer Science at Bradley University. He lives in Peoria.
Ontario tech firm Clearpath Robotics has raised $30 million in a Series B round of venture funding to scale up production of its self-driving vehicles.
They're not exactly Teslas or Google self-driving cars. Intsead, Clearpath makes vehicles that autonomously move boxes and pallets around factories, warehouses and distribution centers.
Clearpath CEO and co-founder Matt Rendall tells TechCrunch, “Boxes and pallets moving around the world in the global supply chain are the circulatory system for global commerce. We believe if we can move them more efficiently we can do profound things for the economy.”
Founded in 2008, originally as a computer vision and robotics engineering consultancy, Clearpath today employs 150 full-time in Kitchener. It intends to use a portion of its new funding for hiring in sales, marketing and customer support — staff the company will need to serve larger customers.
Automotive factories are already using Clearpath's OTTO self-driving vehicles for what's called “line side delivery;” that is, to move parts to the appropriate personnel at their workstations, just in time for rapid installations and assembly.
Clearpath's OTTO robots employ LiDAR and other sensors to perceive the path they need to travel and avoid collisions with people and other objects in factory and warehouse environments. The devices are operated behind a company's firewall, as security poses a huge concern for most manufacturers, Rendall notes.
When an OTTO is running low on fuel, it returns itself to a charging or fueling station. And if the network goes down at a given facility, the OTTO can complete a certain number of tasks that have already been assigned to it, safely, before pausing to await new directions.
The Series B funding will help Clearpath develop software that can differentiate its robots in the world of materials handling, and to develop new robots sized and equipped for different jobs, Rendall said.
INovia Capital led the Series B, joined by Caterpillar Ventures, GE Ventures, Eclipse Ventures, RRE Ventures and Silicon Valley Bank.
A partner with iNovia Capital, Karam Nijjar said part of the company's genius is its focus on vehicles that are used indoors, i.e. in controlled environments.
The makers of self-driving cars like Google, Tesla and Uber are just testing their fully autonomous systems. And regulators are still figuring out how to safely incorporate autonomous vehicles on U.S. roadways.
Meanwhile, Clearpath has been able to score large clients like GE and John Deere, and attain safety ratings for its OTTO vehicles.
Clearpath is following in the footsteps of Kiva Systems Inc., which Amazon acquired for $775 million in 2012, and turned into its Amazon Robotics division.
It competes with other companies making autonomous vehicles for materials handling, including Fetch Robotics, Seegrid and ADAM Robots.
Nijjar added, “We've all seen what Foxconn has been able to do with automation. The next phase for Clearpath will be about proving their value, in terms of cost savings, to clients in one of their factories in order to roll out to another five, ten or all of their factories.”
Long-term, the investor sees the potential of Clearpath Robotics to integrate its software with vehicles or robots made by other manufacturers.
For example, some of the intelligence that Clearpath has developed to move OTTO around a warehouse could work in shuttles that get people around an airport, or, contrastingly, in the mining industry, where multi-ton trucks are used to move iron, stone and other heavy loads around an outdoor but relatively controlled environment, Nijjam said.
The new funding round brings Clearpath's total equity funding to about $41.5 million.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
All players and staff at Oldham Athletic Football Club haven't been paid for September, the Manchester Evening News can reveal.
The League One club confirmed the situation in a statement, but said it was ‘working to resolve the situation as soon as possible'.
One angry employee, a matchday steward, said he now feared for the club's financial state.
He said stewards were considering staging a ‘sit-down' protest ahead of a game, which could possibly threaten the fixture involved, if they don't get answers from management.
He accused club bosses of failing to engage and discuss the full situation with staff.
The employee, a steward with more than 20 years' experience at Boundary Park, said he was due to be paid for the month last Friday, but has received nothing.
The club confirmed his fears that playing staff and all other office staff weren't paid for September either.
In a statement to the M.E.N., Oldham Athletic said: “The club can confirm the players and staff are yet to be paid for September. The club is working to resolve the situation as soon as possible.”
Latics sacked manager John Sheridan late last month but are currently celebrating three wins out of three under interim boss Richie Wellens.
The club steward, who asked not to be named, said matchday stewards were paid £32 a match. He said: “It is not just me. It is all the other stewards, players and full-time staff at the club.
“I rang up and no one from the top - the directors - would speak about it. Without the stewards there would be no matches, and I would say there are around 50 at the club.
“There are talks of a protest involving the stewards and a possible sit down ahead of a match to get people to speak to us. It is terrible. No one is talking to us from the club. We keep getting promises then things go quiet.”
The M.E.N. told last month of a possible investment of money into the club by Dubai-based Moroccan businessman Abdallah Lemsagam.
Accounts were conducting due diligence and the process was ongoing, said chief executive Mark Moisley.
Meanwhile the club confirmed that ‘a number of candidates' have been interviewed for the position of manager, but Richie Wellens would continue to lead the side.
Former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo attends his trial at the Constitutional Court in Guatemala in this March 17, 2011 file photo. REUTERS/Stringer/Files
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lawyers for former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo pleaded with a U.S. judge on Wednesday to block his extradition to the United States on money-laundering charges, saying he was improperly arrested in the Central American nation.
U.S. District Judge Robert Patterson delayed any ruling on the case in Manhattan federal court until a later date. Defense lawyers are asking that he be freed from Guatemalan custody.
Portillo, who was president from 2000 to 2004, has been held for more than a year. A U.S. grand jury indicted him in 2009, charging him with laundering $70 million through U.S. banks.
Portillo attorney Glenn MacTaggart said the judge could intervene in the case because Guatemalan authorities had improperly arrested Portillo at the request of U.S. prosecutors, and that Portillo was therefore entitled to petition for his release.
Prosecutors argued the court had no standing to hear Portillo's request — called a habeas corpus petition — and that the United States had acted properly in the extradition proceedings.
Guatemala's Constitutional Court last month ratified the U.S. extradition request, but the Central American country's current president, Alvaro Colom, has said he would leave the decision to his successor next year.
3. Items and Itemabilitys
3.1 Weapon
3.2 Itemabilitys
The best weapon for a frosty apprentice is the chilling touch legendary.It can drop randomly in every map and comes with theability.Its effect is simular to frosty power but with tower attackspeed instead of damage.The highest possible FF bonus for Defense Speed is 100.Best place to farm it is in any endgame mode.Important random item abilitys are:Can be on weapons and on trinkets.From what i have seen so far the highest possible is 20%,the worst ive found ingame so far was 8%.The possible max percent is also linked to the itemquality.can also appear on the chilling touch weapon (thats a perfect combination).With a perfect 20% weapon and trinket, the base tower slow of 50% increases up by another 40%.Can be on all items but weapons.The highest possible here is 10%, the worst ive found ingame so far was 5%.The possible max % is also again linked to the itemquality.To max the effect of frosty power put ur full focus on items with +DP (defense power) as mainstat.
Thank you to Mary Ann's Hairtastic with Lilla Rose for providing me with product, free of charge, in exchange for this honest blog review. All opinions are 100% my own.
I love finding fun and new hairstyles and hair pieces to utilize for myself as well as our 10 year old daughter. While her hair is quite far down her back, I just recently cut mine and it's about shoulder length now. (We also have a 13 month old daughter but her hair isn't long enough to do too much with yet!) So when I was approached to learn more about the company Lilla Rose, I was intrigued to see the beautiful pieces they offered including the Flexi Hair Clip, Hairbands, Bobby Pins, and more.
I scoured the Mary Ann's Hairtastic Lilla Rose Site and decided on a Flexi-Hair Clip and Hairband for this review. I originally chose the Jet Black Standard Hairband and Tiara Crystal Hair Clip in size medium. Upon arrival and when we went to wear the Jet Black Hairband for the first time, we discovered it was defective as it fell apart on us. So Mary Ann was quick to give me the information on how to get a replacement. I sent the email and a rep from Lilla Rose customer service got back to me within just a couple hours with the paper and next step to replace. So easy!
So as a replacement, I chose the Dusky Plum Hairband. Filled with a mixture of greys, plums, pinks, and clear beads, it's a beautiful piece that looks even better on! Thankfully, this hairband has been great and we've seen no issues like the other band had. There are lots of great ways to use and style with the hairband. It can be worn down low on the forehead, in the hair like typical headband style, or with hair twisted and tucked up into it. It's fairly versatile.
Our second piece, the Tiara Crystal Hair Clip, is very neutrally colored and goes with everything. I used the “finger circle test” to determine which size and I'm thinking we probably could have gotten away with a small because the medium is too big for my hair. It works fine on our daughter when I clasp up most of her hair though. I like how easy to use it is and it's also a very pretty piece.
Buy It: Head over to Mary Ann's Hairtastic Lilla Rose Page to see for yourself the great selection of products they offer.
Connect: Don't forget to like Mary Ann's Hairtastic on Facebook for all the latest news and promotions.
Win It: Mary Ann's Hairtastic Lilla Rose is generously offering one of our lucky readers a Lilla Rose item of their choice, up to $25 value. Disclaimer: ”Offer is for new and Mary Ann's Hairtastic existing customers only; if you already have a Lilla Rose consultant, please stay with her…I'm sure she'll appreciate it!” This giveaway is open WorldWide and will end November 9th, 2015. For your chance to win, enter the Giveaway Tools below. Good luck!
Entry Form
I'm a city girl turned country by my awesome husband and we have three busy boys and two darling daughters. I love spending time with my family, reading Karen Kingsbury novels, and catching up with friends while our kiddos have play dates. I'm blessed beyond measure and can't wait to see what God has in store.
Follow Miranda on Pinterest | Twitter| Blog | Instagram http://www.emilyreviews.com/category/miranda
Related posts we've written:
Ever since he began fighting professionally, Alistair Overeem liked to stay busy. Year after year, there would be no accusations of “The Reem” having idle hands, even after he built his reputation as one of the best fighters in the sport. Most notably, there was his 2010 campaign, when he defended his Strikeforce heavyweight title, won the Dream belt in Japan, and also added a K-1 World Grand Prix title to his resume.
In 2012, that all stopped. What he expected to be a triumphant year beginning with a UFC 146 title fight with Junior dos Santos in May turned into a nightmare, as he was suspended for nine months due to elevated levels of testosterone which showed up in a pre-fight drug test.
“It was a strange year as I haven't fought the whole year,” said Overeem. “Before I signed with the UFC I fought like five to six times a year, so it's quite the difference. But I have used my time to complete my moving to the States and getting to know the area and new people, so I haven't sat still.”
Born in England and raised and established in the Netherlands, the 32-year-old now calls Delray Beach home as he trains with the Blackzilians fight team. It was the ideal scenario for him as he served his suspension before getting his license to fight again in Nevada, the scene of one of his biggest victories when he knocked out Brock Lesnar in his UFC debut in December of 2011. And though he wasn't fighting, idle hands didn't make an appearance either.
“Fight or no fight I always train,” he said. “It's something that I need to do, so on that matter I kept on training.”
And waiting…and waiting some more, all the while passing several drug tests to prove his testosterone levels were within legal limits to compete. In the meantime, the heavyweight landscape changed with Cain Velasquez knocking off dos Santos last December to regain the title he lost to the Brazilian a year earlier. Asked for his assessment of Velasquez-Dos Santos II, Overeem says, “It was a one-sided fight and Velasquez controlled the fight from beginning to end and Junior dos Santos couldn't do anything. It was a great performance of Cain and he's rightfully so the UFC heavyweight champion.”
The win by Velasquez sidelined a revisiting of the scrapped UFC 146 match between Overeem and dos Santos, one that had picked up a nice bit of steam over the last year as the two exchanged barbs in the press. Now Overeem is knocking on the door of a title shot again should he dispatch Antonio “Bigfoot” Silva this Saturday night in UFC 156 action Saturday, but it will be an entirely different fighter and style matchup awaiting him down the line. Any disappointment that it won't be “Cigano” across the Octagon from him if he gets his title fight later this year?
“Yes and no,” he said. “I still believe that a fight between JDS and myself would be a huge fight, especially considering the way we fight, going for the knockout. But my focus is on the belt and the one that holds it is my priority, so that's Cain Velasquez now. But I believe that our time will come soon and I will fight Junior dos Santos.”
As for the champ, Overeem is highly respectful of Mr. Velasquez.
“Before that fight (the does Santos rematch) I picked Velasquez because the first fight was a single punch that ended the fight and I knew this time he would be more prepared and I was right,” he said. “Velasquez is a great fighter with great wrestling and cardio and he showed that in his last fight.”
To get to the title shot, there is first the matter of Silva, who bounced back from his loss to Velasquez at UFC 146 to pin Travis Browne with the first loss of his pro career, by knockout no less, last October. It's an intriguing style matchup on paper, but if you ask Overeem what difficulties Silva may present for him, he turns tight-lipped.
“We will see on February 2,” he said, making it clear that despite the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow in terms of a title shot if he wins, he's not going to lose sight of what he has to do first to win. “The title is the main goal and to get there we need to defeat Silva, so he's now on my radar and gets my full attention.”
Then it's back to his quest for the one belt he craves, and if he gets it, he will be marked as one of the most decorated heavyweights in MMA history.
“I have worked my whole career to be the best fighter in the world and I have showed it in different organizations, but with this belt I would unify all the belts and become the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world and the baddest man on the planet,” he said. “I hope it now gives you an idea what it means to win that title.”
Oh it does. History is one great motivator, and Overeem is chasing it. Though he probably wouldn't call it history. He's likely to refer to this journey as his destiny.
News, updates, and (mostly viable) rumors relating to development of science fiction / fantasy television productions.
Emerald City – Production has been halted on the Wizard of Oz-based series Emerald City according to Hollywood Reporter. Josh Friedman (The Sarah Connor Chronicles) was attached to the re-imagining of the Oz story which was greenlit by NBC straight-to-series without a pilot. However, since the network and the producers could not agree on the direction of the show, NBC has chosen not to move forward with it. Casting had not yet begun on the drama, but the show's studio may still shop it around to other venues. This is the second straight-to-series genre show to be cancelled while in production in as many months as FOX decided not to move forward with the fantasy/drama Hieroglyph back in June. That show had already completed its first episode.
Damien – Former Walking Dead showrunner Glen Mazzara will begin work on another horror property as he plans on producing a TV continuation of the 1976 classic film The Omen for Lifetime. The project has received a six episode straight-to-series commitment with a target for an early 2015 premiere. It will follow an adult Damien who must come to terms with the fact that he is the Antichrist.
Production continues on the Netflix Marvel Defenders project which will have Daredevil, Luke Cage, Jessica Jones and Iron Fist each in their own solo series along with a team-up series that will bring all four of the characters together. The streaming service's CCO Ted Sarandos answered in an interview why they chose these characters:
It was really based on the theatrical model of The Avengers. Could you take another group of characters, The Defenders, and go about it the same way? Normally they do the big movie and then eventually they get to the group origin story. Having 13 hours to tell each of these stories, you can go right to the origin story and the action at the same time.
You can read more of the interview at this link.
Nod – Fox has ordered a script plus penalty commitment (meaning they pay a substantial fee if they decide to pass) for a TV series based on the book Nod by Adrian Barnes. The book focuses on a world where people lose the ability to sleep and yet they are not tired.
The Living and the Dead – From the creator of Life on Mars, this BBC series will follow a 19th century gentleman farmer who is determined to prove the existence of the afterlife. Six episodes have been ordered (a typical number for a British series) and production is slated to start in 2015.
Naturally, there were a lot of jokes as Seth MacFarlane accepted a lifetime achievement award from the WGA's Animation Writers Caucus Thursday at the Writers Guild Theater, but he also offered some serious comments about the guild and the status of writers. “I am a firm advocate of the power of unions,” said MacFarlane. “The WGA and all the guilds remain among the most important powers in this industry as the studios and their parents get more and more monolithic, the necessity of unions like this becomes ever more obvious.”
David Goodman, VP of the WGA West, noted in his intro that MacFarlane's “Family Guy” and “American Dad” make him the employer with the most writers under the animation contract.
Patrick Stewart followed with a quip-filled presentation, opening by saying, “Oh my God, I'm over-dressed. I never thought I'd be in a room nerdier than a Star Trek convention.”
Stewart voices Avery Bullock on “American Dad” and stars in “Blunt Talk,” which MacFarlane exec produces. He traced back MacFarlane's history to 1998.
“‘The Simpsons' was in year three of its record-breaking 19-year-slide,” he recalled. “In an act of blatant desperation, Fox took a chance on a 24-year-old Seth MacFarlane who would eventaully would delivery a dazzling array of shows about bumbling dads, their hot wives and a talking animal.”
Related Writers Guild Tells Agents: 'We Continue to Be Prepared to Meet' Talent Agents Threaten to Pull Out of Writers Guild Negotiations
Stewart credited MacFarlane with broadening his career: “He changed my life and the world of humor opened up for me in a way it never had before, so I am personally most grateful for that. However, it is a little creepy knowing he has so many dolls of me.”
Stewart concluded on a serious note: “It is his talent as a writer that this award celebrates. Funny pictures will make us look and funny voices will make us laugh, but it is the writing underneath that distinguishes and elevates truly distinguished work.”
MacFarlane said in his acceptance that he's stunned by the 14-season run of “Family Guy.”
“Never in my wildest nightmares did I imagine it would go this long. We used to get in the room and talk about dating and now it is 100 percent about colonoscopies.”
He also joked about the WGA — “When the guild called me, my first reaction was ‘how late are my dues?'” and “You can tell it's an animation award because the invitation said black sneaker. I'm not sure who votes but I'll tell you this trophy is going to be in my car for a long time.”
MacFarlane concluded by crediting those around him. “All I've done to deserve this is to surround myself with people who are smarter than me and make me look good and I'll see you at the next strike.”
About 200 members of the guild attend the ceremonies for the award.
CARACAS, Dec 9 (Reuters) - Venezuela's economy shrank by 4.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014, an adviser to the country's main opposition group said on Tuesday, after almost a year of official silence about the state of the OPEC nation's economy.
The central bank has not published any GDP data for this year and has not revealed inflation figures since August's 63.4 percent 12-month reading, spurring criticism that President Nicolas Maduro is hiding bad economic news.
“The central bank has not given figures but I'm going to give them to you,” Jose Guerra, a former central bank director who now works as an adviser to the opposition's Democratic Unity coalition, told a news conference.
“GDP dropped by 4.4 percent in the first quarter, 4.4 percent in the second quarter and 3.5 percent in the third quarter,” he said, yielding a drop of 4.2 percent for the first nine months of the year.
Venezuela's economy grew 1.3 percent in 2013.
Guerra said the 2014 data was discussed at a central bank board of directors meeting, but did not say how he got it.
He served as the central bank's head of economic research but left in 2005, protesting interference by then President Hugo Chavez's government.
The central bank did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. The information ministry, which handles media requests for the finance ministry, also did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment.
Opposition leaders say currency controls that stimulate capital flight and frequent state takeovers of private businesses have weakened the country's productive capacity.
Officials have blamed economic problems including soaring inflation on violent opposition protests earlier this year.
The economic woes, greatly exacerbated by the recent slump in oil prices to five-year lows, have spurred concerns Venezuela might default on foreign debt obligations.
Bonds fell sharply on Tuesday, with the benchmark global 2027 dropping 2.1 percent to a bid price of 48.646 with a yield of 20.887 percent.
Maduro has insisted the country will make all its debt payments and notes the ruling Socialist Party has never defaulted on its commitments to foreign creditors.
Default concerns have nonetheless pushed the spreads on Venezuelan bonds to the highest of any emerging market nation.
Venezuelan debt on average pays 23 percentage points more than comparable U.S. treasury bills - more than quadruple the spread of Iraq and triple that of Argentina, which is in default due to a legal battle with creditors. (Writing by Brian Ellsworth, editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Tom Brown)
The Brazil coach, Luiz Felipe Scolari, is under criminal investigation in Portugal for suspected tax fraud and money laundering, according to US court documents obtained on Wednesday by the Associated Press.
Portuguese tax authorities suspect €7.4m (£6.05m) that was transferred from Portugal to a bank in Miami between 2003 and 2008, when Scolari was coach of Portugal's national team, was local income that the Brazilian did not declare.
A US district judge last week granted Portugal's request for a series of Miami bank accounts to be examined, Florida court documents show. An assistant US attorney was placed in charge of collecting the evidence.
Tax fraud and money laundering together carry a maximum penalty of 17 years in prison in Portugal, and the investigation is an unwelcome distraction for the Brazil coach as his country prepares to host the World Cup.
The 65-year-old denied any wrongdoing after the court documents were first reported on Monday by OffshoreAlert, a Florida-based site specialising in fraud investigations.
"I have correctly filed all my tax returns. In all the countries where I've worked, I've always declared my income," Scolari said in a statement in São Paulo on Tuesday. "If anything is wrong, it's not my fault. I hope justice gets to the bottom of the facts."
Officials at the Portuguese Football Federation, which employed Scolari as national team coach, did not reply to a request for comment.
Fifa had no comment on the investigation. Fifa's code of ethics can be applied to conduct "that damages the integrity and reputation of football and in particular to illegal, immoral and unethical behaviour". Sanctions for breaching the code range from a warning to a ban from any football-related activity.
Portuguese investigators want to know who were the "real beneficiaries" of numerous payments made into the Miami accounts over the six-year period.
The money went to accounts held by the Netherlands-based Flamboyant Sports, London-based Chaterella Investors Limited and Taliston Financial Corp, a British Virgin Islands company, according to prosecutors. Those companies owned, at various times, non-exclusive rights to the use of Scolari's name, image and voice, they say. Transfers were also allegedly made to Miami accounts in the name of Scolari himself and of his son, Leonardo. The investigators suspect Scolari used those companies and bank accounts to hide income from the Portuguese tax authorities.
Portuguese investigators sent an initial request for assistance to the US justice department in Washington in 2012. It was not clear why the request was submitted to a judge only last week. The judge endorsed the request last Thursday.
The Portuguese attorney general's office acknowledged in an email to the AP that the department for criminal investigation and prosecution has opened an inquiry into Scolari, but it provided no further details. In Portugal, investigations are subject to a judicial secrecy law which forbids the release of details of the case.
Scolari led Brazil to World Cup success in 2002. He has also coached in Japan and the Middle East and was at Chelsea from 2008-09.
Scolari was Portugal's most successful national team coach. He guided them to the final of the 2004 European Championship as hosts and the semi-finals of the 2006 World Cup, giving Cristiano Ronaldo his national debut and making him captain.
To help pay the salary of a World Cup-winning coach – and to prevent him from being poached by other clubs and countries which offered him contracts, including England – the Portuguese federation signed multimillion-dollar sponsorship deals, including with Nike and two Portuguese banks. Scolari, whose salary in Portugal was never made public, appeared in advertising campaigns.
Portugal's government has set up special investigative teams and increased penalties in an effort to crack down on tax evasion. The country needed a €78bn bailout in 2011 after high debts pushed it to the brink of bankruptcy.
In Spain, where authorities have also targeted tax evaders, officials have brought tax fraud charges against Lionel Messi and his club, Barcelona. Messi has denied any wrongdoing.
Another “quick takes” on items where there is too little to say to make a complete article, but is still important enough to comment on.
The focus this time: “Think as I think” said a man, “or you are abominably wicked; you are a toad.”
First, a little mood music:
Carrying on…
Wearing a fun or frivolous costume is now punishable at Tufts University if it runs counter to approved expression that is consistent with the pre-determined Politically Correct narrative.
“Members of Tufts University's Greek system have been told they could face ‘serious disciplinary sanctions' — including a possible investigation by the campus police — for wearing Halloween costumes that offend peers or make the campus community ‘feel threatened or unsafe.' “The warning was part of a letter to the presidents of fraternities and sororities on campus signed by various Greek Life council leaders, who asked the chapter presidents to relay the message to their members. “The letter stated in part that ‘Greek Brothers and Sisters have worn costumes that appropriate cultures and reproduce stereotypes on race, gender, sexuality, immigrant or socioeconomic status. Outfits relating to tragedy, controversy, or acts of violence are also inappropriate. … It is our mission to promote spaces that allow members of the Tufts community to have fun without feeling as though any part of their identity is being misrepresented or targeted.' “The letter went on to warn ‘there are consequences for wearing an offensive costume.'”
When you give authorities broad authority to determine if something is acceptable or not, you've abandoned objectivity and enabled misuse of power to censor dissent.
“Bracing for a day of canvassing and promoting liberty, Winski headed out Aug. 30 to collect signatures and gauge interest in starting a Young Americans for Liberty (YAL) chapter, accompanied by Abe Alassaf, a field representative for the conservative Leadership Institute. “Inside Falcon Hall, FSU was hosting its annual student organization fair. Outside, Winsky didn't last an hour before campus police told him and Alassaf to stop. “‘While campus security seemed sympathetic to his efforts, they explained that the student fair activities are the discretion of the police, and Winsky was too “outgoing” in his efforts to collect signatures,' YAL Director of Communications Matthew Boyer said in a statement.”
Why was this #Problematic? Because some students were “freaked out”… and thus helped justify shutting down the petitioning.
Ultimately, this isn't just about expression, but controlling thought itself:
“Indeed, to forbid people from articulating beliefs and peacefully acting consistently with those beliefs is, at its core, an attempt to forbid the beliefs themselves. As the Supreme Court has held, ‘First Amendment freedoms are most in danger when the government seeks to control thought…The right to think is the beginning of freedom, and speech must be protected from the government because speech is the beginning of thought.' “It's one thing to have guiding moral principles. It's another thing entirely to be able to express those principles and allow them to guide your actions.”
Case in point:
“Shortly after launching their expressive enterprise, Breanna and Joanna learned that a law in Phoenix requires them to create artwork expressing messages that violate their sincerely held beliefs. This includes artwork celebrating and promoting a same-sex marriage. “While Breanna and Joanna gladly serve all individuals regardless of their sexual orientation, the pair believe that only marriage between a man and a woman is consistent with God's plan for marriage and, therefore, they cannot in good conscience promote a same-sex marriage through their own artistic expression. The problem is, according to the Phoenix law they must.”
Of course, only those who want to express #thoughtcrime or refuse to utter #truespeak seem to be targeted…
TTFN.
Tweet
By Printus LeBlanc
The Chairman of the House Committee on Science Space and Technology, Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.) and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy Rep. Randy Weber (R-Tex.), recently sent a letter to the Secretary of Treasury Steve Mnuchin asking for an investigation into Russia meddling. I know what you're thinking, not another Russia investigation. The investigation is likely to lead to a place the left and environmental groups don't want to go.
Senator John McCain famously stated, “Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country.” Looking at the data, this could not be truer. Right now, Europe is dependent upon Russia for its energy needs. Over 35 percent of oil in Europe comes from Russia, while the Russian state owned Gazprom supplies about one-third of European natural gas needs.
Europe began looking at alternatives to Russia at the same time the energy renaissance was taking hold in the US. Flush with cash, environmental groups then began an all-out assault on the energy sector. Attempting to ban fracking in the US and Europe, while also fighting the construction of liquefied natural gas terminals (LNG).
LNG terminals are used to ship natural gas to European and Asian ports, softening the grip Russia has on Europe. Sounds like a good idea right. Democrats and the left are screaming about Russian influence, so this should be a no brainer, but for some reason it's not.
This all starts with a man named Nicholas Hoskins. According to Business Insider, “Nicholas Hoskins, is a director at a hedge fund management firm that has invested heavily in Russian oil and gas. He is also senior counsel at the Bermudan law firm Wakefield Quin and the vice president of a London-based investment firm whose president until recently chaired the board of the state-owned Russian oil company Rosneft….In addition to those roles, Hoskins is a director at a company called Klein Ltd.”
Klein Ltd. gave tens of millions of dollars to a group based out of California called the Sea Change Foundation. No one knows where Klein Ltd. acquired the money because it is based out of Bermuda. What we do know is that Klein Ltd. is run by the law firm Wakefield Quin, where Nicholas Hoskins is a senior counsel.
An investigative report titled “From Russia With Love: Examining the links between US environmental funder and the Kremlin”, found Hoskins was also in a directorship position with IPOC International Growth Fund. The group was owned by Russian Minister of Telecommunications and Putin friend, Leonid Reiman. The company was convicted of money laundering in the British Virgin Islands.
In the 2014 the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works released a Minority Staff Report, “The Chain of Environmental Command.” In it the Senate describes Klein Ltd, “It appears that Klein exists on paper only as it does not have an internet presence, and was set up for the sole purpose of funneling anonymous donations to Sea Change.”
The Sea Change Foundation then gave millions to several high profile environmental groups. The Natural Resource Defense Council, League of Conservation Voters, and the Sierra Club are just a few that received grant money from Sea Change.
What is perhaps most astonishing in all of this, is the role Hillary Clinton played. The former Presidential candidate, the one that is now railing against everything Russia, knew Russia was funding green groups that were backing the Democratic Party and trying to stop the US energy renaissance.
Wikileaks released the contents of a speech Hillary Clinton gave to a private audience, in which she stated, “We [the State Department and the U.S. government] were up against Russia pushing oligarchs and others to buy media. We were even up against phony environmental groups, and I'm a big environmentalist, but these were funded by the Russians to stand up against any effort, ‘Oh that pipeline, that fracking, that whatever will be a problem for you,' and a lot of that money supporting that effort was coming from Russia.”
It is important to note no one from the Hillary camp has denied she made the remarks.
The political arm of the Natural Resources Defense Council, the NRDC Action Fund, went so far as to endorse Hillary Clinton for President in 2016. The first endorsement the fund has ever made in a presidential election. The Sierra Club Political Action Committee, the political arm of the Sierra Club, also endorsed Hillary Clinton for President in 2016. The League of Conservation Voters' political arm, LCV Action Fund, got in the race early, and endorsed Clinton in 2015.
Does anyone else find it strange the political action funds of groups that received money tied to Russia supported one presidential candidate and overwhelmingly one party? Who really has close ties to Russia?
US energy dominance threatens the ability of Russia to extort foreign policy goals. If Congress is to investigate Russian meddling, it should start here. Russia used the left to harm US energy security, and keep the energy weapon pointed at Europe.
Printus LeBlanc is a contributing reporter at Americans for Limited Government
After learning a vandal had spray painted a large graffiti tag over a mural by Ann Arbor artist David Zinn and students at Bach Elementary School, local graffiti-removal specialist Jeff Hayner took a shot at washing it away.
Laboring for hours until the sun went down Friday night, Hayner, who operates under the name The Gum Giant, was successful in uncovering much of the original artwork on the wall at the big playground across the street from the school.
Students, parents and school employees were appreciative and stopped to thank Hayner, bringing him snacks and cold water.
Bach parent Colleen Monahan Smith, whose son was one of the students who worked on the mural, said she was disappointed it was vandalized, so she was thankful to come out and see Hayner doing something about it on Friday.
"The kids spent a lot of effort and time learning about public art, spending time coming up with their own creation to put on the wall," she said. "It's a special place, it's a special playground, and Bach is a special community."
Hayner, who volunteered his services for free because he was upset about what happened, used a power washer and a biodegradable solvent known as Elephant Snot to remove the graffiti. He planned to return Saturday to finish the job.
After the graffiti is washed away, the mural will require some restoration work to get it looking as it did before.
"Hopefully we'll be able to restore as much of the mural as possible," said Alison Epler, Bach Elementary's new school principal. "That mural is so important to the community and to our teachers and parents and students."
Epler noted Bach is getting ready to build an outdoor amphitheater at the playground in memory of Stephen Easter, an 8-year-old Bach student who died two summers ago. More than $40,000 has been raised for Stephen's Theater.
"He was a student who loved the arts, loved music, and so the amphitheater is in his honor," Epler said. "And the graduating class of Bach this year would have been his fifth-grade class, so this is a special year for us. We're hoping to have the amphitheater completely finished by mid-October and then we'll have a ribbon-cutting ceremony, so hopefully the mural will be finished then."
Orange construction fencing has been erected on the playground and construction supplies are expected to be delivered next week, Epler said.
Seating for the amphitheater will be built into the hill, and the mural will be highly visible off to the left for anyone seated.
Ryan Stanton covers the city beat for The Ann Arbor News. Reach him at ryanstanton@mlive.com or 734-623-2529 or follow him on Twitter.
article
St.Thomas resident Mike Laplac on Monday said that looters are robbing residents using machetes and guns in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma pummeling the Caribbean island.
Continue Reading Below
“I actually know of eight people that were robbed in broad daylight with machetes for everything they had in their vehicles, including their fuel. Yesterday we spent about 3 ½ hours in a line for fuel, and machetes were pulled there as well. We're getting stories of people being robbed at gunpoint in their house for something as small as a can of tomato sauce,” he told FOX Business' Trish Regan on ‘The Intelligence Report.'
Laplac said since the police force is “limited,” he has to protect himself from looters.
“At night right now in my house we have a couple of guys with me, we're taking four hour shifts and we're standing out there with the one pistol that we do have, machetes and flashlights to make sure that nobody comes to loot us without us seeing them,” he said.
All business involves risk, but there is a difference between commercial and political risk. Commercial risk can be gamed out; political risk cannot. The greater the political risk, the higher the incentive to wait and see, restricting plans to those already in the pipeline while conserving resources and risk by refraining from expansion or new ventures.
It took the murder of a foreigner and not a Filipino to stop the war on drugs — temporarily — at least because of the fallout after Jee Ick-joo was strangled in an SUV near the office of the Philippine National Police chief. It was the worst time for bad news, as the last two quarters of 2016 — the first six months of the present government — had already shown a decline of 10.7% in foreign investment commitments.
ADVERTISEMENT
In June, Kang Chang-ik, president of United Korean Community Association in the Philippines said he expected tourism arrivals to drop because of martial law in Mindanao (arrivals from South Korea, year-on-year in May, had increased 35.84% according to the Department of Tourism). The prediction seems to have an anecdotal basis, with Bohol resorts reporting most cancellations coming from Korea, Japan, and China in May.
Business keeps its head down and does not invite political attention. So decisions are blandly explained away on purely commercial grounds. On Aug. 24, the Philippine Star reported South Korean firms are “packing up” and shifting their manufacturing operations to Vietnam, with Lee Ho-ik of the Korean Chamber of Commerce saying the reason is the “higher cost of doing business as well as lack of incentives in the country.”
These are undeniably liabilities as far as prospects of investments in the country; when you add others of a political nature, the tide of confidence doesn't just stall, it's reversed.
Back in April, Cielito Habito in his column pointed to “dark clouds” over the economy, specifying inflation, a renewed rise in the unemployment rate, slowing GDP growth, the peso climbing above 50 to the dollar, and a minimal growth in exports meaning more money was going out than coming in, as well as a slowing down in the deployment of OFWs as causes of concern. In June, a report mentioned BPO investments were down 34.96% amid “fears of political uncertainty.”
In July, he diplomatically pointed out, “Something unique to the Philippines is happening lately that is leading to a net outflow of dollars — hopefully not a diarrhea — that merits close attention from both our economic and political authorities.” As a former chief government economist, he is careful with his words avoiding the term “capital flight,” but surely this is what crossed many readers' minds.
That same month, S&P cut its growth forecast for the country to 6.4% from 6.6%. In September last year, it had warned that the war on drugs combined with President Duterte's statements on security and foreign policy meant “that the stability and predictability of policymaking has diminished somewhat.” Meaning, political risk. At the start of August, the IMF cut its growth forecast for the country to 6.6% from 6.8% because of slower-than-expected first quarter numbers.
Last Aug. 25, Habito devoted another column to the peso rate, pointing out its depreciation is mixed news (good for OFWs, bad for importers, for example), but along the way mentioned foreign investments are down by 23%, portfolio investments have been leaving, again diplomatically noting “investor sentiment seems moving the other way, for reasons internal to us.” Something the foreigners had been saying, as clearly as jargon allows, since last year.
To compensate for all this, the government has done two things. It has tried to sustain the policies of the government it replaced, which would hopefully isolate any fallout from its political interventions in business, whether in online gaming, mining, the reclassification of agricultural land, cigarettes, real estate, or ride-sharing services.
The government, as all governments do, trumpeted a new scheme to make people bullish about the prospects of the country. The mantra would be “build, build, build,” with glittering promises of massively ramped-up investments in infrastructure. It would be funded by tax reform. Two days ago, Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez warned that he would advise the President to veto the very bill the administration had so strongly pushed, putting the blame on the Senate when it was the House that had passed a defective, “watered-down” bill. So much for a massive House majority, apparently incapable of being policed by the Palace. But then blaming the Senate is par for the course though what you'd least expect from supposedly professional economic managers: politics.
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Stopping drunk drivers may have just got a whole lot easier after scientists from the Military University of Technology in Warsaw unveiled a laser system capable of detecting alcohol in moving cars from the roadside.
Researchers from the university's Institute of Optoelectronics created the device in 2013 and have had their experiments detailed in the open access study "Stand-off detection of alcohol in car cabins", published in SPIE, the international society for optics and photonics journal.
Scientists used a car with a system to simulate an intoxicated driver and generated alcohol vapours inside. The external laser device was able to detect the presence of alcohol vapours in the car, simulating an occupant with a concentration of alcohol in their blood exceeding 0.1%.
Stand-off detection
The concept of using stand-off detection, a chemical and biological compound identification method, is nothing new. The difference now is that it is possible to build such a device with advancements in lasers having led to the development of "eye-safe" microchip lasers.
"We are already familiar with laser instruments used by the police for speed-limit enforcement," said Marco Gianinetto of the Politecnico di Milano, an associate editor with the journal.
"Now these researchers have demonstrated how a laser device could be effectively used for detecting drunken drivers and thereby helping to reduce the number of accidents caused by drivers under the influence of alcohol.
"In the future, a similar technology may be developed to detect different chemical compounds, enabling the detection of drivers under the influence of other intoxicants."
The scientists' system makes use of two lasers – a monitoring laser and a pilot laser, two detectors, two reflecting mirrors, a spherical mirror, a dichroic mirror and a chopper.
Even if the driver of the car is not intoxicated, the laser device is able to detect alcohol fumes coming from other passengers in the car.
Fooling the laser system
Of course, the researchers admit that it would still be possible to fool the laser detector.
"From the practical point of view, there seem to be some countermeasures, such as driving with windows open, solar screens on the side windows, etc, that can be applied by drivers to deceive the system," authors Jarosław Młyńczak, Jan Kubicki, and Krzysztof Kopczyński wrote in the paper.
"However, such situations are very easily detected by the system, which sends this information to the policeman indicating that the car should be checked."
Before commercialising their invention, the researchers will first attempt to cheat their laser system by testing out a series of countermeasures, in order to make sure that the lasers achieve a high accuracy of detection.
One of the things I like most about my Android phone (Samsung Vibrant) is it's picture taking ability and I take a lot of photos with it. My problems are that I was missing an easy method of uploading images to Flickr. After searching around and trying a number of different tools, I finally found Flickroid which makes this task as easy as it can be.
The Flickroid app itself doesn't actually have any functionality, but once installed it adds Flickdroid as an option to the Share feature of the Android media gallery. Flickdroid supports:
Image Uploading
Video Uploading
Background Processing
Tags with suggestions of your used flickr tags
Privacy settings
Select from available Photosets
Blog sharing to twitter, etc
If you have been looking for a simple uploader for Flickr, especially one that integrates nicely into the Gallery then Flickroid will be exactly what you are looking for. For a free app, Flickdroid provides for exactly the functionality some people are looking for.
Rate & download: Flickroid (Free)
The Surfing Scientist › Tricks
Newspaper bottle opener
Got a non-twist crown cap bottle but can't find a bottle opener anywhere? No worries! Master this party survival trick and you'll save the soiree, rescue the rave and become a barbecue hero.
Can't see the video? Download an mp4 [23 MB] version of this video.
To open non-twist crown corks, most people reach for the bottle opener. Not you. Not anymore. Grab two sheets of ordinary newspaper instead (that's a total of four pages and it doesn't matter if the newspaper is a broadsheet or tabloid format.) Roll the newspaper up nice and tight. If you are doing this at a barbecue or a party, expect some raised eyebrows. Bend the rolled up newspaper in half and squash the crease as tight and hard as you can. There will now be several stiff, sharp, pointy bits in the crease. Wedge one of the sharp pointy bits under the crown. Move the hand holding the bottle up so the paper is pressed against your index finger just above the first knuckle (on your proximal phalange bone.) Your index finger is now the fulcrum of a first-class lever. Pull down with the other hand and… pop! Congratulations. You've just opened a bottle with a newspaper! Now go forth and be the toast of the barbie.
Note: if you don't succeed the first time, the part of the crease you used will probably be torn so use a different pointy bit for your second attempt.
^ to top
What's going on?
You have successfully turned an ordinary sheet of newspaper into a class 1 lever (the surprising strength of newspaper deserves some of the credit too.) Levers are one of the six simple machines every kid learns about in primary school but nearly all forget again before the end of high school. In case you've forgotten, the other simple machines are the inclined plane, the wedge, the wheel and axle, the pulley and the screw. Coming back to you yet? Quit yawning!
Levers amplify force and they're so good at it that Archimedes famously said: "Give me somewhere to stand, and I will move the Earth." He meant that, if he had a long and strong enough crow bar, he could use it as a lever and move planets. Oi! Pay attention!!
A lever is just a beam or a stick or a rod. Or, in this case, a few sheets of newspaper turned into a rod. What class of lever you have depends on where you put the fulcrum. This is the other bit most primary school kids learn to forget. The fulcrum is the point around which the lever rotates. A seesaw is a class 1 lever but, with the fulcrum smack bang in the middle, it gives you zero mechanical advantage. If you put the fulcrum closer to the far end, however, you can lift a heavy object a small vertical distance by pushing the other end down a large vertical distance.
Okay kids, fascinating as this is, even I can tell that's probably enough lever lessons for one day. If you really are that keen to refresh yourself with what makes a class 2 levers (think wheelbarrows) and a class 3 levers (think biceps lifting a dumbbell), then simply type "class 2 levers" into any search engine and you will be rewarded with more than five results (trust me, I checked!)
In the meantime, here are a few extra hints for how to open crown cork bottle caps with a newspaper. It helps to practice the technique with the thick handle of blunt butter knife or a wooden spoon so you won't get too frustrated when the pointy bits in your creased newspaper tear (once it does, you usually can't use that pointy bit again.)
Also, if you break the seal, the neck of the bottle often becomes wet, and in that event you'll just end up making papier-mâché. The lever action should not hurt your index finger at all. If it does, you're holding it wrong. The crown cork should come off relatively easily (ie not much force is required) and if it feels like there is no way it's going to budge… you're still holding it wrong.
^ to top
Consumers are spending more time on mobile apps than on the web for the first time, a new report claims.
Flurry compared its mobile data to stats from comScore and Alexa, and found that in June, consumers spent 81 minutes per day using mobile apps, compared to 74 minutes of web surfing. (See chart below.) The shift comes as combined tablet and smartphone shipments eclipsed those of desktops and notebooks for the first time, according to a recent report by Mary Meeker, partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.
Flurry found consumers spend 9% more time, on average, using mobile apps. The report found that the growth in mobile app usage came mostly from more sessions per user, rather than longer sessions overall.
Those sessions, by and large, are consumed by the use of games and social media apps, which took 47% and 32% of the total amount of time used for such apps.
If the stats bear out, the data is vindication for Wired, which last year declared “The Web is Dead,” and predicted that apps would soon overtake it.
Competing forces are affecting people who work on help or service desks. One is that tools to automate IT support are continually improving, and advocates say those tools can replace Level 1 and 2 support staff. At the same time, the number of help desk tickets is rising each year, and that puts more demand on the service desk.
These crosscurrents in the industry make it hard to predict the fate of some IT jobs. A Pew survey, released in August, of nearly 1,900 experts found a clear split on what the future may bring: 52% of the respondents said tech advances will not displace more jobs than they create by 2025, but 48% said they will.
Either way, a push toward automation is certain. In the help desk industry, the goal is to keep as many calls as possible at either Level 0, which is self-help, or Level 1. It's called "shift-left" in the industry.
[ Find your 2017 salary info and our detailed report at IT Salary Watch ]
"It costs way more to have a Level 3 or Level 2 person to resolve an issue, and it also takes a lot more time," said Roy Atkinson, an analyst at HDI, formerly known as the Help Desk Institute. To keep costs down, help desks are increasingly turning to automation and relying on improvements in technologies such as natural language processing, he said.
A Level 1 worker will take an initial call, suggest a couple of fixes, and then -- lacking the skill or authority to do much more -- escalate the issue. The Level 2 worker can do field repair work and may have specific application knowledge. A Level 3 escalation might involve working directly with application developers, while Level 4 means taking the problem outside to a vendor.
Among the companies developing automation tools is New York-based IPsoft, a 15-year old operation with more than 2,000 employees. It develops autonomic technology and couples it with management services.
A majority of IT infrastructure will eventually be "managed by expert systems, not by human beings," said Frank Lansink, IPsoft's CEO for the European Union. The company says its technology can now eliminate 60% of the labor required to handle infrastructure tasks.
IPsoft's autonomic tools might discover, for instance, that a network switch isn't functioning, or that a wireless access point is down. After encountering such a problem, the system can then create a ticket and deploy an expert system -- a specially programmed software robot -- to make the repair. If that can't be done, a human intervenes.
Many service desk jobs have been moved offshored over the last decade, displacing workers. That trend is ongoing. One of the ideas underlying IPsoft's business model is a belief that offshore, as well as onshore, labor costs can be further reduced through automation.
Offshore companies are clearly interested. IPsoft's platform was adopted last year by Infosys and, more recently, by Accenture.
One IT manager using IPsoft's automation technology and services to support his organization's infrastructure -- including its network, servers and laptops -- is Marcel Chiriac, CIO of Rompetrol Group, a Romania-based oil company with 7,000 employees serving Europe and Asia.
"Without the automation, we would have to pay a lot more" for IT support, said Chiriac.
The cost savings arise from automating routine repairs and maintenance that might otherwise be neglected, said Chiriac.
If he weren't using autonomic tools, Chiriac said he would have to hire more people to provide a similar level of service. But he can't easily estimate the impact on staffing because of his company's IT history. (Rompetrol Group outsourced its 140 IT staffers, then ended its relationship with the outsourcer and rebuilt an internal IT unit with about two-dozen fewer people; it still relies on outsourcing to supplement its IT operation.)
Nonetheless, Chiriac doesn't believe that automation will necessarily eliminate IT jobs, though it may shift them to other IT areas. "In IT, we're not going to run out of work for the next two generations," he said.
The amount work that help or service desks are asked to take on is increasing. Two-thirds of 1,200 organizations surveyed by HDI reported that the number of tickets, either to fix something broken or to outfit a new hire or change permissions, for instance, is increasing annually by more than 60%.
According to HDI's survey, the top five reasons for this increase are the following: an increase in the number of customers at the companies surveyed, a surge in the number of applications supported, changes in infrastructure, increases in the scope of services, and the need to support an ever-expanding collection of devices and platforms. That latter could be a reflection of the escalation of the BYOD movement.
At the same time, support is being transformed in new ways. A service desk may, for instance, now act as a liaison for all IT service providers, including vendors of cloud and mobile services, said Atkinson.
"I think a lot of people have been predicting the death of support for a number of years, and it hasn't happened," said Atkinson.
It seems that every month BlackBerry -maker Research in Motion has more bad news to announce. In November it paid a $365million charge for unsold PlayBook tablets; yesterday it announced that crucial new phones would now be delayed to the latter half of 2012, rather than being out by March.
Co-CEOs Jim Balsillie and Mike Lazaridis charitably cut their pay to just a $1 each, but analysts and critics argued they're still overpaid. One writer on the respected blog PaidContent blog said the pair should have been “fired months, if not years ago”.
At the heart of BlackBerry's problems lie its troubled transition to a new operating system: in order to compete with the iPhone and with Google's Android phones, the Canadian company has had to rebuild its software from the ground up. So far, the only product using a new version is the underwhelming PlayBook.
Yesterday, announcing RIM's results, Lazridis delivered the bad news almost casually. The new OS will power a new generation of phone, but in order to compete RIM had earlier changed its mind on which chips to use. Now he said RIM could not get enough of them and that delays were unavoidable.
Lazaridis compounded the disappointment for investors by cutting the firm's prediction of sales to between 11 and 12 million smartphones in the current Christmas quarter, down from 14.8 million over the same time last year. Other companies' sales are rising at his expense.
Last month, analyst Ian Fogg said that “if you look at RIM's track record they have a history of missing launch dates; that doesn't bode well.” He warned ominously that “If they fail to ship quality products we'll see a slow decline,” and it would appear that Fogg's predictions are already coming true.
With rather dry understatement, however, Lazaridis said in a statement that "It may take some time to realise the benefits of the platform transition that we are undertaking, but we continue to believe that RIM has the right set of strengths and capabilities to maintain a leading role in the mobile communications industry”. When he claimed that people tell him “every day” that BlackBerry is the best communications device around, commentators immediately said he was listening to the wrong people.
RIM's share of the smartphone market in the US fell to 9.2 per cent in the third quarter from 24 per cent in the same period last year, according to research group Canalys. Increasing numbers of analysts across the board now find one conclusion inescapable: RIM doesn't just need customers – it needs a buyer.
This article is a quick exercise and a small introduction to the world of Linux forensics. Below, I perform a series of steps in order to analyze a disk that was obtained from a compromised system that was running a Red Hat operating system. I start by recognizing the file system, mounting the different partitions, creating a super timeline and a file system timeline. I also take a quick look at the artifacts and then unmount the different partitions. The process of how to obtain the disk will be skipped but here are some old but good notes on how to obtain a disk image from a VMware ESX host.
When obtaining the different disk files from the ESX host, you will need the VMDK files. Then you move them to your Lab which could be simple as your laptop running a VM with SIFT workstation. To analyze the VMDK files you could use the “libvmdk-utils” package that contain tools to access data store in VMDK files. However, another approach would be to convert the VMDK file format into RAW format. In this way, it will be easier to run the different tools such as the tools from The Sleuth Kit – which will be heavily used – against the image. To perform the conversion, you could use the QEMU disk image utility. The picture below shows this step.
Following that, you could list the partition table from the disk image and obtain information about where each partition starts (sectors) using the “mmls” utility. Then, use the starting sector and query the details associated with the file system using the “fsstat” utility. As you could see in the image, the “mmls” and “fsstat” utilities are able to identify the first partition “/boot” which is of type 0x83 (ext4). However, “fsstat” does not recognize the second partition that starts on sector 1050624.
This is due to the fact that this partition is of type 0x8e (Logical Volume Manager). Nowadays, many Linux distributions use LVM (Logical Volume Manager) scheme as default. The LVM uses an abstraction layer that allows a hard drive or a set of hard drives to be allocated to a physical volume. The physical volumes are combined into logical volume groups which by its turn can be divided into logical volumes which have mount points and have a file system type like ext4.
With the “dd” utility you could easily see that you are in the presence of LVM2 volumes. To make them usable for our different forensic tools we will need to create device maps from the LVM partition table. To perform this operation, we start with “kpartx” which will automate the creation of the partition devices by creating loopback devices and mapping them. Then, we use the different utilities that manage LVM volumes such as “pvs”, “vgscan” abd “vgchange”. The figure below illustrates the necessary steps to perform this operation.
After activating the LVM volume group, we have six devices that map to six mount points that make the file system structure for this disk. Next step, mount the different volumes as read-only as we would mount a normal device for forensic analysis. For this is important to create a folder structure that will match the partition scheme.
After mounting the disk, you normally start your forensics analysis and investigation by creating a timeline. This is a crucial step and very useful because it includes information about files that were modified, accessed, changed and created in a human readable format, known as MAC time evidence (Modified, Accessed, Changed). This activity helps to find the particular time an event took place and in which order.
Before we create our timeline, noteworthy, that on Linux file systems like ext2 and ext3 there is no timestamp about the creation/birth time of a file. There are only 3 timestamps. The creation timestamp was introduced on ext4. The book “The Forensic Discovery 1st Edition”from Dan Farmer and Wietse Venema outlines the different timestamps:
Last Modification time. For directories, the last time an entry was added, renamed or removed. For other file types, the last time the file was written to.
Last Access (read) time. For directories, the last time it was searched. For other file types, the last time the file was read.
Last status Changes. Examples of status change are: change of owner, change of access permission, change of hard link count, or an explicit change of any of the MACtimes.
Deletion time. Ext2fs and Ext3fs record the time a file was deleted in the dtime stamp.the filesystem layer but not all tools support it.
Creation time: Ext4fs records the time the file was created in crtime stamp but not all tools support it.
The different timestamps are stored in the metadata contained in the inodes. Inodes are the equivalent of MFT entry number on a Windows world. One way to read the file metadata on a Linux system is to first get the inode number using, for example, the command “ls -i file” and then you use “istat” against the partition device and specify the inode number. This will show you the different metadata attributes which include the time stamps, the file size, owners group and user id, permissions and the blocks that contains the actual data.
Ok, so, let's start by creating a super timeline. We will use Plaso to create it. For contextualization Plaso is a Python-based rewrite of the Perl-based log2timeline initially created by Kristinn Gudjonsson and enhanced by others. The creation of a super timeline is an easy process and it applies to different operating systems. However, the interpretation is hard. The last version of Plaso engine is able to parse the EXT version 4 and also parse different type of artifacts such as syslog messages, audit, utmp and others. To create the Super timeline we will launch log2timeline against the mounted disk folder and use the Linux parsers. This process will take some time and when its finished you will have a timeline with the different artifacts in plaso database format. Then you can convert them to CSV format using “psort.py” utility. The figure below outlines the steps necessary to perform this operation.
Before you start looking at the super timeline which combines different artifacts, you can also create a traditional timeline for the ext file system layer containing data about allocated and deleted files and unallocated inodes. This is done is two steps. First you generate a body file using “fls” tool from TSK. Then you use “mactime” to sort its contents and present the results in human readable format. You can perform this operation against each one of the device maps that were created with “kpartx”. For sake of brevity the image below only shows this step for the “/” partition. You will need to do it for each one of the other mapped devices.
Before we start the analysis, is important to mention that on Linux systems there is a wide range of files and logs that would be relevant for an investigation. The amount of data available to collect and investigate might vary depending on the configured settings and also on the function/role performed by the system. Also, the different flavors of Linux operating systems follow a filesystem structure that arranges the different files and directories in a common standard. This is known as the Filesystem Hierarchy Standart (FHS) and is maintained here. It's beneficial to be familiar with this structure in order to spot anomalies. There would be too many things to cover in terms of things to look but one thing you might want to run is the “chkrootkit” tool against the mounted disk. Chrootkit is a collection of scripts created by Nelson Murilo and Klaus Steding-Jessen that allow you to check the disk for presence of any known kernel-mode and user-mode rootkits. The last version is 0.52 and contains an extensive list of known bad files.
Now, with the supertimeline and timeline produced we can start the analysis. In this case, we go directly to timeline analysis and we have a hint that something might have happened in the first days of April.
During the analysis, it helps to be meticulous, patience and it facilitates if you have comprehensive file systems and operating system artifacts knowledge. One thing that helps the analysis of a (super)timeline is to have some kind of lead about when the event did happen. In this case, we got a hint that something might have happened in the beginning of April. With this information, we start to reduce the time frame of the (super)timeline and narrowing it down. Essentially, we will be looking for artifacts of interest that have a temporal proximity with the date. The goal is to be able to recreate what happen based on the different artifacts.
After back and forth with the timelines, we found some suspicious activity. The figure below illustrates the timeline output that was produced using “fls” and “mactime”. Someone deleted a folder named “/tmp/k” and renamed common binaries such as “ping” and “ls” and files with the same name were placed in the “/usr/bin” folder.
This needs to be looked further. Looking at the timeline we can see that the output of “fls” shows that the entry has been deleted. Because the inode wasn't reallocated we can try to see if a backup of the file still resides in the journaling. The journaling concept was introduced on ext3 file system. On ext4, by default, journaling is enabled and uses the mode “data=ordered”. You can see the different modes here. In this case, we could also check the options used to mount the file system. To do this just look at “/etc/fstab”. In this case we could see that the defaults were used. This means we might have a chance of recovering data from deleted files in case the gap between the time when the directory was deleted and the image was obtained is short. File system journaling is a complex topic but well explained in books like “File system forensics” from Brian Carrier. This SANS GCFA paper from Gregorio Narváez also covers it well. One way you could attempt to recover deleted data is using the tool “extundelete”. The image below shows this step.
The recovered files would be very useful to understand more about what happened and further help the investigation. We can compute the files MD5's, verify its contents and if they are known to the NSLR database or Virustotal. If it's a binary we can do strings against the binary and deduce functionality with tools like “objdump” and “readelf”. Moving on, we also obtain and look at the different files that were created on “/usr/sbin” as seen in the timeline. Checking its MD5, we found that they are legitimate operating system files distributed with Red Hat. However, the files in “/bin” folder such as “ping” and “ls” are not, and they match the MD5 of the files recovered from “/tmp/k”. Because some of the files are ELF binaries, we copy them to an isolated system in order to perform quick analysis. The topic of Linux ELF binary analysis would be for other time but we can easily launch the binary using “ltrace -i” and “strace -i” which will intercept and record the different function/system calls. Looking at the output we can easily spot that something is wrong. This binary doesn't look the normal “ping” command, It calls the fopen() function to read the file “/usr/include/a.h” and writes to a file in /tmp folder where the name is generated with tmpnam(). Finally, it generates a segmentation fault. The figure below shows this behavior.
Provided with this information, we go back and see that this file “/usr/include/a.h” was modified moments before the file “ping” was moved/deleted. So, we can check when this “a.h” file was created – new timestamp of ext4 file system – using the “stat” command. By default, the “stat” doesn't show the crtime timestamp but you can use it in conjunction with “debugfs” to get it. We also checked that the contents of this strange file are gibberish.
So, now we know that someone created this “a.h” file on April 8, 2017 at 16:34 and we were able to recover several other files that were deleted. In addition we found that some system binaries seem to be misplaced and at least the “ping” command expects to read from something from this “a.h” file. With this information we go back and look at the super timeline in order to find other events that might have happened around this time. As I did mention, super timeline is able to parse different artifacts from Linux operating system. In this case, after some cleanup we could see that we have artifacts from audit.log and WTMP at the time of interest. The Linux audit.log tracks security-relevant information on Red Hat systems. Based on pre-configured rules, Audit daemon generates log entries to record as much information about the events that are happening on your system as possible. The WTMP records information about the logins and logouts to the system.
The logs show that someone logged into the system from the IP 213.30.114.42 (fake IP) using root credentials moments before the file “a.h” was created and the “ping” and “ls” binaries misplaced.
And now we have a network indicator. Next step we would be to start looking at our proxy and firewall logs for traces about that IP address. In parallel, we could continue our timeline analysis to find additional artifacts of interest and also perform in-depth binary analysis of the files found, create IOC's and, for example, Yara signatures which will help find more compromised systems in the environment.
That's it for today. After you finish the analysis and forensic work you can umount the partitions, deactivate the volume group and delete the device mappers. The below picture shows this steps.
Linux forensics is a different and fascinating world compared with Microsoft Windows forensics. The interesting part (investigation) is to get familiar with Linux system artifacts. Install a pristine Linux system, obtain the disk and look at the different artifacts. Then compromise the machine using some tool/exploit and obtain the disk and analyze it again. This allows you to get practice. Practice this kind of skills, share your experiences, get feedback, repeat the practice, and improve until you are satisfied with your performance. If you want to look further into this topic, you can read “The Law Enforcement and Forensic Examiner's Introduction to Linux” written by Barry J. Grundy. This is not being updated anymore but is a good overview. In addition, Hal Pomeranz has several presentations here and a series of articles written in the SANS blog, specially the 5 articles written about EXT4.
References:
Carrier, Brian (2005) File System Forensic Analysis
Nikkel, Bruce (2016) Practical Forensic Imaging
UC Santa Barbara will receive more than $14 million over five years in two awards from the U.S. Department of Defense's Multicampus University Research Initiative (MURI) program.
"The sustained support provided by the MURI program makes it possible for large multidisciplinary teams to make rapid advances in new technologies," said Michael Witherell, Vice Chancellor for Research at UCSB. "This is a very competitive program, and these two UCSB-led groups were reviewed to be at the top in their field."
Witherell noted that the two awards to UCSB represent more than 7 percent of the total of $191 million granted by the Department of Defense with the MURI program. Both awards are from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research. A total of 27 awards are being granted across the U.S. by the MURI program.
David Awschalom, professor of physics, electrical and computer engineering, and director of UCSB's Center for Spintronics and Quantum Computation, is the principal investigator on a $7.5 million MURI award for "Quantum Memories in Photon-Atomic Solid State Systems." Awschalom also leads UCSB's California NanoSystems Institute.
"We are excited about launching this extraordinary collaboration with world-leading experts, aimed at integrating atoms, photons, and electron spins in diamond for new chip-scale quantum technologies," said Awschalom. "In particular, this effort includes training a new generation of quantum scientists and engineers."
Awschalom's award will include collaboration with colleagues at California Institute of Technology, Harvard University, University of Iowa, and Iowa State University. Additionally, a unique scientific collaboration and student internship program will be established with Hewlett-Packard Research Labs.
Kwang-Ting "Tim" Cheng, professor in the Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, is the principal investigator of a $7 million MURI award for developing solutions for building new three-dimensional integrated circuits that combine current integrated circuit technology with a novel nano-memristor technology.
"If successful, our solution will achieve densities several orders of magnitude higher than existing integrated circuits, and such compact circuits would be used in high-density information processing systems for military applications," said Cheng.
Cheng's award will include collaborations with Stony Brook University, University of Illinois Champaign, and California Institute of Technology.
In addition to these two awards, UCSB is a research partner in an award to UC Berkeley, headed by principal investigator Rachel Segalman. She received her Ph.D. in chemical engineering at UCSB in 2002. The UC Berkeley project is titled "Control of Thermal and Electrical Transport in Organic and Composite Materials Through Molecular and Nanoscale Structures."
Michael Chabinyc, UCSB professor of materials, is involved in this project.
Zachary J. Lemnios, assistant secretary of defense for research and engineering, said: "MURIs are an important vehicle for engaging the brightest researchers on ideas with major impact for the department. These projects constitute significant investments in multidisciplinary research with the potential for making rapid progress in cutting-edge science.
Image copyright PA Image caption No filter: Instagram said the app's name was "not acceptable"
Instagram has ordered the owner of a British anti-litter app to change its name.
Littergram invites people to share pictures of rubbish and report the location to their council.
Lawyers for the US photo-sharing giant, which was bought by Facebook for $1bn (£629m) in 2012, said the name was "not acceptable".
Owner Danny Lucas has sent Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg a video asking him not to "kill" his project.
Instagram v Littergram and other corporate name battles
Mr Lucas, 48, from Wrotham, Kent tried to register his brand littergram in December 2015 and has since met lawyers for Instagram to explain his campaign.
He said his mission was to make littering as anti-social as drink-driving and to educate children.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption littergram's owner Danny Lucas makes a personal plea
In his video plea to Mr Zuckerberg, he said changing his brand would "destroy all our ingenuity and hard work".
Bristows' letter said Instagram appreciates the project's social objectives and Mr Lucas's time, money and effort but the name littergram was "still not acceptable".
It said the brand "utilises and relies on social media usage" and they could not allow its use "in relation to services which are core to its world renowned activities in this area".
The firm gave Mr Lucas three to six months to phase out the name.
Image copyright littergram Image caption The littergram website invites people to share photos of rubbish
Mr Lucas said he created the not-for-profit app after sending "telegram postcards" of litter photos to councils in 2014.
A Facebook spokesman said the motivation behind littergram was admirable and it had engaged in a conversation to see if there was a way for them to have an app which operated in a way that was different enough to Instagram to not risk infringing their trademark.
But Facebook said ultimately littergram was a photo-sharing app which operated in a similar way to Instagram and Facebook had therefore asked them to change their name.
The social network company said it hoped an agreement could be reached before the case reached the courts.
ADEN (Reuters) - An aid worker from the United Arab Emirates was shot dead in the southern Yemen city of Aden by unknown gunmen on Saturday, a Yemeni security officer said, in another sign of instability in the port city where Yemen's fragile government is based.
“The aid worker was traveling in an armored land cruiser with a group of Emiratis in Aden's Mansora district. He was shot dead when he exited the vehicle near a store by gunmen pursuing in another car,” said the official.
A UAE spokesperson was not available for comment.
Al Qaeda and Islamic State have both gained ground in Yemen, where a war has been raging for seven months between a Saudi-led military alliance and Houthi militiamen allied to Iran.
In a series of suicide bombings on Oct. 6, Islamic State killed 22 people, including several troops from the United Arab Emirates, at the government headquarters in the southern port of Aden and military bases in the city.
It was the biggest attack on the government and its coalition ally since Gulf Arab and Yemeni troops retook the city from its Houthi forces in July.
Two Red Cross aid workers were shot dead in the northern Yemeni province of Amran in September by unknown gunmen.
Ground fighting and Saudi-led air strikes have killed at least 5,400 people in Yemen's multi-sided conflict, which started as a civil war among competing factions but has drawn in outside powers in a regional struggle for influence between Sunni Gulf countries and Shi'ite Iran.
The Yemeni government returned from exile in Saudi Arabia and set up temporary headquarters in Aden's al-Qasr hotel last month.
Director James Comey said FBI ‘plans to collect more data about shootings' while retaining controversial self-reporting method for police departments
The FBI will continue to resist pressure from legislators and activists for the creation of a fully comprehensive count of all killings by American police officers, the bureau's director signalled on Monday.
Writing as the FBI released its annual crime statistics, James Comey said an existing voluntary system, under which police departments around the country choose whether or not to submit data on homicides by their officers, will carry on.
Comey said the FBI would try to collect more information – but gave no specific details about how this would be done.
He said of the current information collected: “As helpful as this information is, however, we need more law enforcement agencies to submit their justifiable homicide data so that we can better understand what is happening across the country.”
The FBI counted 444 “justifiable homicides” by law enforcement officers in 2014, according to statistics released on Monday. That total represented a 5.7% decrease from the 471 counted the year before.
Yet both the accuracy of the figures and any trends emerging from them have been called into question due to the voluntary reporting system.
The Guardian is counting all deaths caused by police and law enforcement in 2015, and collecting extensive details on each incident and those killed. As of Monday a total of 871 deaths this year had been recorded by the project, The Counted.
A spokesman for the FBI did not respond to a request for information on how many of the roughly 18,000 law enforcement agencies in the US had submitted data in 2014 or in previous years.
Criticism of the FBI's system has sharpened since protests erupted last year following the fatal shooting of an unarmed black 18-year-old in Ferguson, Missouri. Mandatory reporting of all homicides by law enforcement was among a series of recommendations proposed earlier this year by Barack Obama's Task Force on 21st Century Policing.
Senators Barbara Boxer of California and Cory Booker of New Jersey have proposed legislation that would mandate law enforcement agencies to report comprehensive data on the use of deadly force by their officers. Their bill is currently sitting in committee stage, and is presumed to stand little chance of becoming law under the Republican-controlled Congress. Similar legislation has been put forward by Democrats in the House of Representatives.
Boxer told the Guardian on Monday that the FBI was correct to acknowledge the “serious gaps” in its own records, adding that reliable data was pivotal to “understand the scope of this horrific problem and save lives on all sides”.
Democratic congressman Steve Cohen, who reintroduced a bill for national deadly force statistics in January, said the data did not “tell us all we need to know about the use of deadly force by police”.
Cohen has gone on to introduce further proposed legislation to encourage a mandatory independent investigation of officer involved deaths.
Laurie Robinson, co-chair of Obama's taskforce, described FBI data published on Monday as flawed and unreliable, adding that any potential changes to police practice in the US after nationwide scrutiny accompanied unrest in Ferguson would not have filtered through by the end of 2014.
“I think one has to be very cautious and not read that much into of any of it at this stage,” Robinson said.
“There is a lag in the reporting of the data. The public and professional consciousness on these issues really has occurred in 2015, even though Ferguson occurred in 2014. So I'm not sure that one would expect there would be a dramatic change in behaviour in law enforcement in the last couple of months in 2014.”
Comey said in his statement that the FBI “plan to collect more data about shootings (fatal and nonfatal) between law enforcement and civilians, and to increase reporting overall”. Asked to elaborate, a spokeswoman said: “There's nothing else we have for you.”
The director said this extra information would be used to create a publication separate to the annual crime statistics that would “outline facts about what happened, who was involved, the nature of injuries or deaths, and the circumstances behind these incidents”.
Robinson said that while Comey's comments were a welcome rhetorical nod towards better reporting, the FBI director has no power to implement a mandatory reporting program himself.
“What he called for here is exactly right,” Robinson said. “But we're still at the mercy of having embraced this very, very decentralised state and local law enforcement system. I'm not criticising it; it's just what we have.”
In October, gaming revenue in Nevada was down 4.3% year-on-year, according to the State Gaming Control Board. The Las Vegas Strip saw a decline of 5.6%.
Without baccarat, the casinos would have been in good shape. The state as a whole would have been up 1.2%. The Strip? Up 5.6% without the card game.
On the Vegas Strip, baccarat revenue plunged, down a stunning 35.5% during October.
What happened? Brent Pirosch, a CBRE analyst in Las Vegas, has the answer: Chinese gamblers stayed away.
There are empty baccarat tables in Singapore too, but nowhere are the problems more evident than in Macau, a special administrative region of the People's Republic of China. In October, gaming revenue there was off 23.2% from the same month last year. The fall was the largest since Macau began keeping records.
November—Macau's Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau releases statistics faster than its Nevada counterpart—was not much better, with casino revenue down
19.6%. That was the sixth straight month of year-on-year declines.
Everyone expects Macau's December revenue to fall. Wells Fargo, for instance, thinks the drop could be as much as 25%.
Perhaps the decline will be even larger. Chinese leader Xi Jinping is coming to town this month to mark the 15th anniversary of Portugal's handover of the enclave to China, and the visit will certainly be a negative for casinos there. “It's like having your dad visit your frat house,” explains Linette Lopez of the Business Insider website.
Most analysts blame Xi's “anti-corruption” campaign for the recent falloff in Macau revenue, but this near-universal explanation is wide of the mark. The campaign—in reality a political purge—was in full swing a year ago, so it could not have had much effect on year-on-year comparisons.
Better explanations include the occurrence of the FIFA World Cup this year, the disappearance of a junket operator believed to owe investors up to $1.3 billion, tighter China visa rules, currency restrictions imposed on UnionPay cards, new prohibitions on smoking at casinos, and perhaps the democracy protests in nearby Hong Kong.
The best explanation, however, is the stumbling Chinese economy, especially the falling property market. Big Chinese betters have traditionally used real estate as collateral for gambling loans, but today it is harder to get lenders to make advances against such assets. Sales take longer, making it difficult for highrollers to raise cash. Moreover, gamblers are taking twice as long to honor gaming obligations because of banks' reluctance to write mortgages. General gloom does not help.
As a result, the tables in Macau, particularly those with high minimums, are often deserted. The city too is suffering. Macanese real estate, for example, has been getting cheaper. After peaking earlier this year, home prices are now off about 10% and continuing in the wrong direction. Transactions will be down about 40% compared to last year. The slump is expected to continue for some time.
Macau's gross domestic product is also headed south. In Q3, it was down 2.1%, the first fall since 2009.
Beijing is worried. Li Fei, deputy secretary general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, on the 3rd of this month told Macau to diversify its economy for the sake of the Motherland.
“The overwhelming dominance of gambling in Macau is not in line with the overall interests of Macau and the fact that Macau's economy, especially gaming, is closely connected with the mainland determines that when one judges the overall interest of Macau, one cannot focus only on Macau's economic growth and tax revenue,” said Li. “One must take into account the socioeconomic safety, stability, and developmental interest of the mainland and the whole nation.”
Beijing, in short, is getting ready to intervene in Macau's internal affairs. Not surprisingly, the stock of all six Macau casino operators fell on Li's remarks. Wynn Macau was down 6.1%, SJM Holdings down 5.8%, Sands China down 5.1%, Galaxy Entertainment down 5.1%, Melco Crown Entertainment down 2.6%, and MGM China down 2.0%. The declines were appreciably sharper than those following the announcement of diving November gaming revenue.
And for good reason. Macau is the only place in the People's Republic where casino gambling is legal, and the city is nothing without its gaming industry. Xi Jinping, however, needs to stop its casinos being used as conduits for capital fleeing China if he is to succeed in his signature purge, which means he needs to throttle Macau's main business.
Beijing, with its authoritarian determination, is going to clean up Macau, and that won't be good for baccarat play there, among other things.
Follow me on Twitter @GordonGChang and on Forbes
On this week's More Front Wing podcast we catch up with Zach Veach of Andretti Autosport, who has won two races so far in his 2014 Indy Lights campaign and looks set to be a full-season title contender. Zach gave us his very candid opinions on a number of topics, including:
A budding rivalry with his friend Gabby Chaves of Belardi Auto Racing
His thoughts on teammate Matthew Brabham, who dominated in last year's Pro Mazda season, not yet being in the mix at the front in Indy Lights
Seeing 2013 Indy Lights champion Sage Karam partnering with Chip Ganassi Racing Teams and what it means for the Road to Indy
What the Dallara IL-15 needs to accomplish to the best serve aspiring IndyCar racers
How he feels about the Indy Lights double-headers on road courses
Also this week, MFW Co-editors Steph Wallcraft and Paul Dalbey and Contributor John Lingle review the major talking points from the Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama — such as Will Power's error and Ryan Hunter-Reay's redemption, what the key may have been to Marco Andretti's podium performance, the severity of the penalty served by Helio Castroneves for pitting in the wrong box, the ongoing concerns on the consistency of the officiating, and much more — before looking at the results of the all-skate road course test to prepare for the inaugural Grand Prix of Indianapolis and taking a further glimpse down the road into the oval portion of the Month of May and what might be in store for the 2014 Indianapolis 500.
To listen, use the player below or search for More Front Wing on iTunes.
Applications for full-time Mormon missionary work have skyrocketed following a recent announcement by Latter-Day Saints president Thomas Monson that the organization is lowering the required age of service, reports state.
Monson made the announcement at the 182nd Semiannual General Conference of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints last month, and since then, spokespersons have stated that they are now receiving approximately 4,000 applications each week. Previously, the age limit for Mormon missionary service was 19 for men and 21 for women. The age has now been lowered to 18 and 19 respectively.
“Two years ago, President Monson made an appeal for more missionaries,” stated Jeffrey Holland of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, but added regarding the recent change, “Most of the general authorities of the church didn't know about it. Mission presidents didn't know. MTC officials didn't know. University leaders didn't know. So, we welcome you all to a worldwide church of people who did not know that this was coming.”
According to an article written by Quorum representative Richard Scott on the official LDS website, missionaries are being sent out to speak on “the restoration of the Church of Jesus Christ.” He explains that a manual called “Preach My Gospel” will be provided to Mormons in the field to train them in how to speak of this “restoration” as well as their belief in Joseph Smith as being God's prophet.
“One chapter explains why the Book of Mormon is the keystone of our religion, how it can answer profound questions of the soul, how it can build faith and help others draw closer to God,” Scott outlined. “Additional instruction shows how the Book of Mormon is a tangible resource that an individual can use to confirm the truthfulness of our message.”
He explained that he recently tested others on their ability to convey the message.
“I asked two assistants to a mission president to share the vision of Joseph Smith while I acted as the investigator,” Scott continued. “I planned to vigorously challenge them to see how they would respond. Yet the sincerity of their message, the purity of their intent, the skill with which it was delivered, even in a practice session, was so compelling that I could not do it. … [You should] feel their testimony as they bear witness of the sublime vision in which God the Father and His Son, Jesus Christ, appeared to Joseph Smith. They will skillfully unfold the subsequent events that restored the fullness of the gospel, with the authority to act in the name of God, on earth again.”
Connect with Christian News
Follow @4christiannews
While Mormon officials state that they are excited about the increase in applications, others have concerns about the proliferation of Mormonism around the world. They note that although the decision could have come at any time, they find it interesting that it precedes the possible election of Mitt Romney.
“[The LDS heirarchy] has never lowered the age of missionaries being in the field,” stated Tricia Erickson, daughter of a former Mormon bishop and author of Can Mitt Romney Serve Two Masters? “There's only one reason for this change, and that reason is they need more. They're getting ready. … What they're doing is recruiting soldiers, so to speak, to hit the ground running as soon as Mitt Romney is elected as president of the United States.”
She explained that according to the White Horse Prophesy, during a time of when the nation is hanging by a thread, a Mormon is to rise to power and usher in a new season until God's kingdom is restored on earth, where the Latter-Day Saints will be governing. Erickson advised that if Romney is elected, it is projected that many will convert to Mormonism.
“These missionaries are going to be … knocking on doors, pulling everyone into this cult, because you won't be able to call it a cult much anymore if the president is giving this religion credibility,” she said. “That's why it's estimated that there will be one million more converts worldwide if Mitt Romney steps into the office of the presidency.”
“And so, the Mormon church needs more missionaries on the ground — not just in the United States — they're all over the world. They need them worldwide,” Erickson explained. “So, it makes perfect sense that they are going to take advantage of Mormonism being mainstream via Romney being president of the United States. … They're at fever pitch now. They believe that we're in the end times, and that it's going to happen. They've been getting ready for centuries, and they believe it's here.”
Rauni Higley of Salt Lake City, Utah agreed. She and her husband Dennis were a long-time Mormons and were missionaries themselves, but left years ago after comparing Mormon writings to the Scriptures. They now run H.I.S. Ministries to reach out to those who are where they once were.
“The Mormon church is considering that Mitt Romney will make it to the White House, so they want to have a huge missionary force,” Higley said. “They're looking at least a double or at least a triple, and those people can be knocking on doors and say, ‘Look, we have a president who is a Mormon.'”
She believes that there is also a reason for seeking out greater youth involvement.
“The church has experienced a lot of falling away, because as they turn 18 and leave home, they start seeing the world around them,” Higley said. “If they can get them right from high school, they're not going to be exposed to the world. … Those that go to college before they start their mission, their minds have been changed and they say, ‘No, I don't want to go on a mission.'”
“They want a missionary force of young people that are very attractive, outgoing and handsome,” she added. “It was always emphasized, image is everything.”
“We always dressed very nicely; we always looked very pretty,” concurred Erickson. “It's all about image so that you can promote Mormonism [and] attract people into it, so that people will want what you have.”
As previously reported, Mitt Romney served as a Mormon missionary himself in France in the 1990's in addition to serving as a stake president for over a decade in Massachusetts.
Higley, a former translator, explained that while Mormon missionaries always present themselves as being happy and clean like Mitt Romney and his family, whom Erickson compared to 2 Corinthians 11:14, which states that Satan disguises himself as an “angel of light,” most missionaries keep the majority of their beliefs to themselves.
“The missionaries do not teach the true Mormonism. They make it sound like it's Christian,” Higley stated. “The Mormons don't immediately say, ‘If you become a Mormon, you become a god.' They veil it.”
“They use the name of Jesus Christ as a shill to give their religion credibility,” Erickson said. “Five years ago, they would not say that they were Christians. As a matter of fact, they were taught — and I was taught — that the Christian religion was the great and abominable religion. But, now that they have a goal, they have to mainstream Mormonism.”
Erickson and Higley both stated that they are grieved by the doctrines of Mormonism, which they explained include that God was once a man and birthed spirit babies with his wife, and that men can also become gods and inherit their own planet, according to Joseph Smith's Pearl of Great Price. They asserted that most Mormons are not even aware of these doctrines because they are not reading Smith's writings for themselves, and because some teachings are only shared with those who are temple Mormons.
“Newer [converts] may not be aware of some of the church's history because these missionaries that are knocking on doors are saying, ‘We're a Christian religion. We're the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints,'” Erickson said. “You won't see Mormons go and try to research it out, but that's what I encourage them to do all the time. It makes sense for them to research it out, but most of the time, they will not.”
While Erickson and Higley outlined that they rejected Mormonism many years ago after becoming aware of these doctrines, they have much compassion for Mormons and greatly desire to see them come to salvation.
“I love the Mormons,” Erickson said. “I hate the deception of their cult religion that has kept their souls in bondage and will literally, I believe, take them to Hell. I love the person enough to tell them the truth.”
“I keep telling people, if you would just get off your high horse and just start talking to people, they would have a choice,” Higley stated. “But now, they have no choice, because they don't know anything else other than Mormonism.”
While neither support Barack Obama, if Mitt Romney becomes president, the women state that Christians may have an even greater need to hit the streets in evangelistic efforts themselves.
Conservatives continue to attack programs Canadians depend on
OTTAWA – The Estimates tabled yesterday show that the Conservatives are continuing their cuts to the programs and services Canadians rely on.
“Canadians were already trying to cope when the Conservatives imposed their reckless austerity budget in 2012,” said NDP Finance Critic Peggy Nash (Parkdale – High Park). “With more and more Canadians relying on government programs to help them through tough times, it is irresponsible for the Conservatives to gut these programs and services by a further $4.89 billion.”
Conservatives are deepening their cuts to struggling programs like Employment Insurance and gutting the Canada Revenue Agency, VIA Rail, the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade, and the Canada International Development Agency.
“Conservatives are cutting Old Age Security and EI and then turning around and increasing the Senate's budget and handing out massive tax breaks to Canada's worst polluters. It's irresponsible,” said NDP deputy Finance critic Guy Caron (Rimouski-Neigette-Témiscouata-Les Basques). “It's a question of priorities and for the Conservatives, Canadians are clearly low on their list.”
Kumar Sangakkara is the overwhelming fans' favourite for the crown of cricket.com.au One-Day International Greatest of All Time after an exhaustive online polling process.
Sangakkara's highly motivated and extremely passionate supporters delivered the title to the Sri Lankan star, who received more votes than India's Sachin Tendulkar in the final.
Thank you humbly to all the fans who voted for me as the ODI GOAT. To be voted for among many players far better than myself is an honor — Kumar Sangakkara (@KumarSanga2) May 18, 2016
Sangakkara's prowess in one-day cricket is proven. He scored 14,234 runs in 404 matches, averaging 41.98 with 25 centuries to his name.
While his batting was his chief contribution – only Tendulkar has more ODI runs – he was also a worthy gloveman, and kept wickets with aplomb to Muthiah Muralidaran, to claim 482 dismissals behind the stumps.
After 40 days and millions of votes, Sangakkara and Tendulkar rose above a cavalcade of the world's greatest ODI players to be considered the top two by the voting audience.
WATCH: Sanga smashes it in Hobart
The ODI GOAT was run as a bracketed head-to-head knockout competition, similar to a grand slam tennis draw. It started with 64 one-day players, as selected by the cricket.com.au editorial team, and was loosely grouped into batsmen, bowlers, and allrounders/wicketkeepers.
The match-ups presented fans with difficult choices throughout – it was no easy task to split Michael Hussey and Michael Bevan in the first round – while others crossed generations and required more consideration than just the bare stats.
In some instances the modern player won out, their talent too good to ignore in an evolving game, such as the triumph of Chris Gayle over fellow West Indian powerhouse Desmond Haynes. While in others, the weight of history and a legendary career prevailed against the exploits of a modern marvel – such as Wasim Akram's overwhelming support ahead of Mitchell Starc.
Throughout the voting process, social media was abuzz with the daily #ODIGOAT match-ups. Passionate fans were voting, sharing and tagging their friends and returning to cricket.com.au over and over and over again to ensure the player they viewed as the greatest progressed in the competition.
Sangakkara's title owes much to this style of voting. The Sri Lankan – and global – supporters of Sangakkara pushed their man past MS Dhoni, Adam Gilchrist and AB de Villiers among glovemen – all exceptional one-day players in their own rights. In the quarter-finals he advanced past Australia's legendary leg-spinner Shane Warne and then was more popular than Pakistan icon Imran Khan.
WATCH: Sangakkara names HIS greatest of all time
Sachin Tendulkar, perhaps the most famous cricketer to have ever lived, sailed past Rohit Sharma in the first round and, after an early tussle, breezed past Saeed Anwar in the second and then Australia's Michael Bevan.
Tendulkar's task suddenly got a whole lot harder. A quarter-final match that many might argue would have been a worthy final: Sachin Tendulkar v Sir Vivian Richards, India's Little Master up against the West Indies' original Master Blaster.
Debate was fierce, arguments reasoned, torn down and argued again. Statistics were analysed and fans grappled with how to weigh up the intangible X-factor quality that each carried that allowed them to dominate the game as it was in their respective generations before finally casting their vote.
This was perhaps the most fiercely contested match-up between fans. Ultimately, Tendulkar advanced, and none could say he did not deserve it.
He faced a semi-final against Sanath Jayasuriya, another beneficiary of zealous support. Jayasuriya was swept aside for Tendulkar to reach the final, where the rally cries and impassioned pleas for votes for Sangakkara proved the difference.
The winner
Kumar Sangakkara (Sri Lanka)
The numbers: Matches: 404 | Runs: 14,234 | Average: 41.98 | SR: 78.86 | 100s: 25 | HS: 169 | Dis: 501 | C: 402 (19 in field) | St: 99
WATCH: Kumar's classic BBL cameo
#ODIGOAT Voting: Sangakkara faced a tough match-up in the first round in India's World Cup winning captain MS Dhoni but was the overwhelmingly popular vote to go through to the final 32. Next, he knocked off Australian legend Adam Gilchrist, claiming 60 per cent of the vote, before ousting South Africa superstar AB de Villiers in the round of 16. In the quarters, Sangakkara dispensed with another Aussie great, Shane Keith Warne, and he overcame Pakistan's 1992 World Cup winning captain Imran Khan in the semi-finals.
Why he makes the list: Kumar Sangakkara's ODI career had been incredible enough, but the manner in which he finished it off at last year's World Cup was something else. Sri Lanka didn't get their hands on the trophy they won in '96, so there was no fairytale, but Sangakkara's personal contribution was a triumph – a history-making four straight hundreds through the tournament. It was a classic sign-off from a classical player; a silky left-hander who was too much for even the world's best attacks when he got going. And that was regularly. Sangakkara began his ODI life as a bustling keeper with a fondness for chatter behind the stumps, slotting into the middle order and immediately producing quality contributions. His batting genius quickly became his chief form of contribution (notwithstanding the 482 dismissals behind the stumps), as he was promoted to No.3 and began churning out hundreds for fun. By the end of World Cup 2015, only Sachin Tendulkar had more ODI runs.
Performance we loved: Among those four World Cup hundreds in succession was a magical effort in Sangakkara's final match against Australia. Chasing an improbable 377 to win, it was clear that Sri Lanka's hopes rested on the genius of the pugnacious left-hander. He was at the crease in the second over, receiving an incredible ovation from a strong contingent of his countrymen among the SCG crowd, and set about his work. Taking on the form bowler of the tournament, Mitchell Starc, and some extreme pace also from Mitchell Johnson, Sangakkara resorted to his textbook strokes – with the occasional flashy ramp – and continued building his score, fellow veteran Tillakaratne Dilshan in tow. While ever he was at the crease, the crowd had reason to believe, and he appeared to feed off their energy, moving to another fabulous hundred in even time. Just as a miracle appeared a distinct possibility, he was gone; but in the process he'd left his adoring Australia-based fans with one final reminder of his brilliance.
The runner-up
Sachin Tendulkar (India)
The numbers: Matches: 463 | Runs: 18,426 | Average: 44.83 | SR: 86.23 | 100s: 49 | HS: 200no
WATCH: Mix Tape: The Little Master at his ODI best
#ODIGOAT voting: Taking on compatriot Rohit Sharma in round one, the Little Master produced yet another fine innings, collecting 89 per cent of the vote. He was then the winner of a one-sided clash with Pakistani Saeed Anwar, taking 93 per cent of votes after trending on Twitter in the subcontinent during the poll, and emerged victorious over Aussie ODI legend Michael Bevan with 57 per cent of votes in the round of 16. His toughest match-up - and what some could argue would have been a worthy final - Sachin faced off against West Indies Master Blaster Viv Richards. Sachin emerged victorious in an even-haded and fair contest that went to the wire with 53 per cent of the vote. In the semi-final, he came up against Sri Lankan great Sanath Jayasuriya, eventually winning out amid hundreds of thousands of votes.
Why he makes the list: Because he's Sachin, and excluding 'The Little Master' from the top 64 ODI players of all time would be like discussing relativity without Einstein. Tendulkar took his first short, confident strides to the middle as a 16-year-old in 1989 and for the next 22 years or so it felt like he scarcely left the middle. Throughout, he retained his boyish appearance, exacerbated by his oversized pads and railway sleeper of a bat that he swung with a precision that matched his footwork. The right-hander was technically adroit, unerringly patient, wholeheartedly ruthless and perhaps more than anything, possessed an insatiable appetite for scoring runs. He did that better, and more regularly, than anyone to have played ODI cricket, as the 4000-plus gap he has on his nearest rival on the 'most ODI runs' list attests. He fell one short of 50 ODI centuries, but fittingly became the first man to score 200 in an ODI. His record-breaking, feted career was capped off with a World Cup triumph on home soil in 2011.
Performance we loved: The 1998 version of Tendulkar was perhaps the most devastating of all; the Little Master had found his place at the top of the batting order, had benefited from lessons learned through almost a decade on the international scene, but still retained a youthful exuberance. Two days before his 25th birthday he made a blistering 143 against Australia in Sharjah, hammering five sixes and nine fours in what was ultimately a losing run chase. He made up for the defeat two days later, when he celebrated his quarter-century with a repeat act, this time in the final. Chasing 273 to win, Tendulkar picked up where he'd left off 48 hours earlier, flaying an Australian attack that must have been sick of the sight of him for another 134 from 131 balls. Across two innings, Tendulkar had provided an unrestrained celebration of subcontinental batting, and proof positive that, when in the mood, no-one on the planet could match him.
#ODIGOAT First Round
Tendulkar v Sharma | Akram v Starc | Garner v Donald | Richards v de Silva | Azharuddin v Miandad | Dev v Vettori | Lloyd v Border | Jones v Clarke | Waqar v Johnson | Warne v Kumble | Hooper v S. Waugh | Imran v Hadlee | Lee v Akhtar | M. Waugh v Jayasuriya | De Villiers v Boucher | Lara v Amla | Gilchrist v McCullum | Gayle v Haynes | McGrath v Pollock | Anwar v Ganguly | Sehwag v Greenidge | Ponting v Gibbs | Dhoni v Sangakkara | Inzamam v Kallis | Murali v Hogg | Bond v Ambrose | Malinga v Vaas | Kohli v Pietersen | Symonds v Klusener | Afridi v Saqlain | Bevan v Hussey | Dilshan v Jayawardena
#ODIGOAT Second Round
Shoaib v Waqar | Jayasuriya v S. Waugh | Ambrose v Vaas | Miandad v Lara | Warne v Dev | Border v Inzamam | Gilchrist v Sangakkara | Richards v Jaywardena | Wasim v Garner | Ponting v Clarke | McGrath v Imran | Tendulkar v Anwar | Bevan v Sehwag | Symonds v De Villiers | Muralidaran v Afridi | Kohli v Gayle
#ODIGOAT Third Round
Richards v Miandad | Jayasuriya v Ponting | Wasim v Waqar | Tendulkar v Bevan | Warne v Murali | Inzamam v Kohli | Imran v Ambrose | Sangakkara v de Villiers
#ODIGOAT Quarter-finals
Richards v Tendulkar | Kohli v Jayasuriya | Imran v Waqar | Warne v Sangakarra
#ODIGOAT Semi-finals
Tendulkar v Jayasuriya | Imran v Sangakkara
#ODIGOAT Final
Tendulkar v Sangakkara
Two Austin women were married Thursday morning on a state judge's orders, igniting celebrations from supporters and condemnation from the state's Republican leaders, including Attorney General Ken Paxton, who vowed to void the marriage.
Sarah Goodfriend and Suzanne Bryant, together almost 31 years, said their vows before Rabbi Kerry Baker while standing in front of the Travis County clerk's office sign as Airport Boulevard traffic rumbled by.
They became the first legally married gay couple in Texas to cries of "Mazel tov!" Bryant then grabbed Goodfriend by the arm and said: "Let's get back in (to register the marriage) before they make it illegal!"
Whether they remained married by day's end became the subject of debate when the Texas Supreme Court stepped in at Paxton's request, issuing an ambiguous afternoon order that blocked the ruling by state District Judge David Wahlberg, who had ordered that Goodfriend and Bryant be issued a marriage license, citing Goodfriend's poor health.
Chuck Herring, lawyer for the Austin couple, said the order has no impact on Thursday's marriage.
"In our view, there's no practical meaning," he said. "We got our people married."
Travis County Clerk Dana DeBeauvoir insisted the Supreme Court order was not directed at her office and that the license "my office issued was then and is now valid."
Paxton, however, believed differently. "The same-sex marriage license issued by the Travis County clerk is void, just as any license issued in violation of state law would be," he said in a statement.
At the very least, those involved said, the all-Republican Supreme Court's order warned other state judges against trying to issue a ruling similar to Wahlberg's.
Wahlberg, personally petitioned by Herring, had ordered DeBeauvoir to grant the couple a marriage license, saying the state law against same-sex marriage was causing them irreparable harm, particularly because Goodfriend had been diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
The judge also waived the 72-hour waiting period to perform a wedding.
Wahlberg's order arrived at the county clerk's office at 9:25 a.m. Bryant and Goodfriend immediately filled out the paperwork and quickly walked outside to take their vows, fearing the state would attempt to step in and enforce the law and constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.
It was a far different outcome than eight years earlier, when Goodfriend and Bryant entered the same office but were denied a marriage license.
The rushed ceremony was a mix of personal — with friends and their teenage daughters, Dawn and Ting Goodfriend, standing nearby — and public statement, with wedding photos sure to include the county sign.
After the ceremony, the couple went back inside the county office to formally register their marriage.
The newly married couple, and their daughters, met with reporters in the afternoon at the law office of Jan Soifer, chairwoman of the Travis County Democratic Party, which will be throwing a party for the couple later in the evening.
"It's a very, very important day for our family. And it's a very important day for everyone who believes in justice and equality," Bryant said.
Goodfriend called the wedding a bittersweet moment because she said she was thinking about thousands of similar families led by same-sex couples who cannot get married.
Goodfriend, diagnosed with ovarian cancer in May, underwent emergency surgery and chemotherapy. With her hair still growing back, Goodfriend said her health prompted the push for a marriage.
"We didn't want to wait for the (U.S.) Supreme Court to make a decision," Bryant said.
Condemnation was swift from the state's Republican leadership.
Gov. Greg Abbott said the Texas Constitution, in an amendment approved by 76 percent of voters in 2005, defines marriage as consisting "only of the union of one man and one woman."
"I am committed to ensuring that the Texas Constitution is upheld and that the rule of law is maintained in the state of Texas," Abbott said.
Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick said he supported Paxton's emergency appeals. "I hope the Texas Supreme Court will respond in a timely fashion," he said.
Paxton said his office will seek to void the marriage license "issued due to the erroneous judicial order" and promised a lawsuit seeking to halt the Travis County clerk from issuing any more marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
Herring, the couple's Austin lawyer, accused Paxton of being vindictive.
"We think that's legally invalid, and certainly cold-hearted, mean-spirited and unseemly to do that to an ovarian cancer victim and her family. We think he's on the wrong side of history," Herring said.
DeBeauvoir, a Democrat who supports gay marriage, emphasized that her office was acting under the direction of a state judge and would be issuing no additional marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
But as word of the marriage spread quickly through social media, Shellie Shores and Rosemary Wages arrived at the county offices Thursday morning hoping to get their own marriage license. They were denied.
"We were like, this may be it," Shores said. "We've been together over 20 years, and this is the state where we grew up and live, and we want to be legally married here."
"I'm disappointed we couldn't get it, but everyone was very nice," Wages said.
________
When John Wall's jump shot is falling, he becomes virtually impossible to stop. The Los Angeles Lakers, who were already in the bottom three in terms of defensive rating, saw how effective Wall could become when he's consistently knocking down perimeter shots firsthand.
Steve Nash and Kendall Marshall aren't necessarily known for their ability to defend and Wall took advantage of his size early on. Neither Nash nor Marshall could stay in front of John Wall and that led to multiple easy transition baskets. Once Wall started pushing the pace, it opened up jump shots coming off screens from Marcin Gortat and the Wizards would extend the lead to as much as 21 over the Lakers. Bradley Beal, Trevor Booker and Marcin Gortat all did a good job of keeping up with Wall in transition and he found them for open layups and dunks all game long. Los Angeles would later dig their way out of the hole, but eventually fell to the Wizards at home, 117-107.
Wall knocked down jumper after jumper in the fourth quarter to lift Washington past the Lakers in Hollywood in the fourth quarter. Wall has had a tendency of settling for jump shots, but I thought he did a great job at picking his shots last night and knocked down the majority of his open looks. Here's a look at his shot chart versus the Lakers:
Wall made 11 of his 21 shot attempts last night, most of which came from the perimeter. Steve Nash, who came off the bench for the first time since 2000 in his return last night, joked around after the game saying that he didn't start because Mike D'Antoni didn't want him defending Wall. Well, even though he was joking, it was pretty clear right from the start that the Lakers weren't going to stop Wall from getting to where he wanted to get on the court.
Washington will be back on the road tomorrow night against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday night. Wall will certainly have some stiff competition when going up against Ty Lawson.
At the ongoing Mobile World Congress expo, Samsung showed off its new Galaxy Tab S3 Android tablet, which the company says is designed for enjoying videos on the go.
The 9.7-inch slab features a 2048×1536 pixel Super AMOLED display, a Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor, 4GB RAM paired with 32GB of onboard storage, a massive quick-charging 6,000mAh battery, and a microSD slot for adding up 256GB more space.
That configuration allows the Android Nougat 7.0-based Tab S3 to play 4K videos and manage 12 hours of continuous video playback; Samsung also played up its four AKG-tuned speakers that should deliver decent sound without requiring additional hardware. There's also a 13-megapixel rear camera for shooting 4K footage.
https://youtu.be/8kX2ghp67yM
The Tab S3 also comes with a retooled S Pen stylus, that has a finer tip and better pressure sensitivity than the last model; it works with built-in apps to let you do things like jot down notes and annotate PDFs. You can also pick up a keyboard case that attaches to the side of the tablet.
Will that be enough to woo buyers in 2017? While the battery life sounds great, the Tab S3 is little more than an iterative upgrade over its predecessor. And apart from the glass back, the design is pretty underwhelming – a little less bezel around the screen would've been nice to see. Oh, and the stylus doesn't attach to the tablet, so you'll need to be careful not to lose it.
Samsung hasn't yet announced pricing or shipping for the S3, so we'll have to wait and see if it proves to be a good option in today's tablet market.
Follow all our MWC 2017 coverage here.
The race is on: who will be the first to launch a Bitcoin exchange-traded fund in the United States?
In Europe, there is already a Bitcoin exchange traded note (ETN) available to investors. In the U.S., it is widely anticipated a Bitcoin ETF will be be approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) very soon.
In Europe, ETNs are designed to track the movement of Bitcoin against the U.S. dollar. The ETNs are Bitcoin Tracker One, which is traded in Swedish krona and Bitcoin Tracker EURO, which is traded in euro. Both ETNs are issued by XBT Provider AB and traded on Nasdaq OMX (Stockholm).
Dave Nadig, CEO of ETF.com and previously the director of ETFs at FactSet Research Systemsm believes we can expect to see Bitcoin Futures-based ETF launched in the U.S. by the end of this year.
"Yes, you can already trade a derivative in Europe, an exchange traded note which tracks Bitcoin," Nadig adds. "Then the race in the U.S. is the race to see what gets approval first. Will it be a Bitcoin future or a straight up Bitcoin holding ETF? My bet is that we will see Bitcoin futures approved fairly quickly."
Are you investing in cryptocurrency? Don't miss TheStreet's coverage:
For those unfamiliar with futures-based ETFs , these instruments invest in futures contracts. Many futures-based ETFs do not take possession of the physical commodity, but rather keep the capital moving from one basket of futures contracts to another. Futures have expiry dates, so the futures rollover is an integral part of the business. The ETF investor doesn't have direct exposure to the underlying commodity, but simply deals in cash in terms of purchase or redemption of ETF units.
Nadig explains that index futures are fairly straightforward. However, after the launch, there will be the question as to whether or not people will want to trade based on the future value of that index. Nadig adds there is a lot of interest in Bitcoin, and a futures exchange traded fund would be very attractive.
Bitcoin ETF coming?
Nadig explains Investment management firm VanEck recently filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to launch Bitcoin futures-based ETF called the VanEck Vectors Bitcoin Strategy ETF. It will not hold actual Bitcoin but will invest up to 25% of its value in derivative instruments.
Then there's the Winklevoss twins, whose application to launch the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF (COIN) ETF was rejected earlier this year. The SEC cited a lack of regulation and surveillance-sharing agreements between exchanges. The twins have reapplied to the SEC for approval. It seems the bar is high for approval.
Amid the changing of the guard at the SEC, Nadig expects a Bitcoin ETF to be approved soon.
"But I don't think this will be at the top of the SEC agenda," he said.
Andrew Left has said he believes the SEC will approve Bitcoin products such as ETFs and that we should expect cryptocurrency ETFs very soon.
Watch: Hyperinflation is boosting Bitcoin in this country
Don't miss these top stories on TheStreet:
Editor's Note: Ask a what? A Certified Cicerone ® . That is, a beer expert who has passed a particular certification exam administered by the Craft Beer Institute. Curious about beer certifications? Read more here.
More All About Chocolate Everything you want to know about chocolate
If you love beer and you love chocolate, your Valentine's Day is going to be a good one. Especially now that you're armed with the advice we're sharing today: expert tips on how to find the best beers to serve with chocolate treats, whether they're simple bars, spiced-up truffles, or chocolates filled with nuts or caramel.
We asked a dozen Certified Cicerones for their beer advice for Valentine's Day. Here's what they had to say.
"Milk chocolate tends to pair better with traditionally chocolatey beers (porter, stout, etc.), whereas dark chocolate pairs better with beers of high intensity that may not be as obvious (dubbel, Belgian strong dark ale, barley wine). When chocolates are accompanied by other flavors, look for matching flavors in beers; caramel with English barley wine, nuts with English brown ale."—Ryan Spencer (Bailey's Taproom)
"Many people will commonly brush off pairing chocolate with IPAs and hoppy beers in general believing that their defining flavors inherently clash with each other, but I think certain examples that diminish the bitterness and play up some floral accents can work well with, say, chocolate flavored with lemon verbena or yuzu, as they possess overt citrus characteristics which dovetail nicely into the beer."—James Tai (Pinch)
"You can't go wrong with chocolate and a rich imperial stout, but another great pairing is with a sour beer, like a Flemish red or brown, to balance the sweetness of the chocolate with a sour, dark cherry bite. I would love a Russian River Supplication sour brown ale aged in Pinot Noir oak barrels with cherries, wild yeasts and bacteria with my dark chocolate this Valentine's Day. I would also enjoy a DuClaw Retribution Imperial Stout aged in bourbon oak barrels, as well as a Duck Rabbit Barleywine with salted caramel chocolate."—Judy Neff (Pints & Plates)
"I dig dry, roasty, bitter chocolate. The first rule of pairing is to match intensities, the second is to find flavor harmonies and contrasts. That's why I prefer a rich barrel aged beer, preferably a barleywine, for pairing with bitter chocolate. A barleywine's sweet caramel maltiness smooths out that dry chocolate, the light carbonation refreshes the palate, and the vanillins and toasted coconut flavors that are the common results of oak aging match perfectly. Often, when taking a bite of chocolate then a sip of beer, you can't tell where one starts and the other ends, it can be transcendent. My picks are Cockeyed Cooper by Uinta Brewing Company or Sucaba by Firestone Walker."—Chris Cohen (San Francisco Homebrewers Guild)
"Pairing beer with dessert is difficult. Because desserts are inherently sweet, they often knock all of the sweetness out of a beer, causing an otherwise balanced beer to taste bitter, thin, or astringent. While pairing something rich and roasty (think milk stouts or Russian Imperial stouts) with chocolate can make for a knockout pairing, if the beer lacks enough residual sugar, the chocolate can make the roast taste harsh and ashy. My personal go to is generally a sweeter fruit lambic, such as Lindemans Framboise. While the beer is a bit sweet on its own, pairing it with chocolate wipes out the sweetness and shows off the beer's considerable acidity, which isn't initially apparent. Plus, who doesn't like chocolate with raspberry sauce?"—Pat Fahey (The Cicerone Certification Program)
"Perhaps the most obvious choice for a beer pairing with chocolate is Russian Imperial Stout. It's a perfect desert beer and will go well with a box of bonbons, dipped strawberries or a chocolate torte. I like Great Divide Yeti, Founders Imperial Stout, and Bells Expedition Stout along with many others. However, this beer style is massive and aggressive and can overwhelm unsuspecting palates. Alas, it is not for everyone. For a lighter match, try a fruit infused Lambic such as Kriek (Cherry) or Framboise (Raspberry). While some purists won't opt for a sweet flavored Lambic, rather only sour ones with the fruit fermented in the brewing process, I say go for it. I refuse to apologize for the guilty pleasure of Lindeman's Framboise pairing magically with flourless chocolate cake."—Chris Kline (Schnuck Markets)
"For Valentine's Day, there are several styles that pair beautifully with chocolate—fruity lambics, smoky rauchbiers, roasty porters, and the list could go on. Ballast Point's Victory at Sea is an imperial coffee vanilla porter that not only goes great with dessert, you could substitute it for one. It's bold and full bodied with hints of burnt caramel and iced espresso and is surprisingly easy to drink. For chocolates filled with caramel or nuts, I love drinking beer that's aged in bourbon barrels. The flavors from the barrel actually mimic the caramel, toffee and vanilla flavors you'd get from the candy and the sweetness level is typically ideal. Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale is a widely available example—it's big at over 8.5% ABV, but dangerously smooth and reminds me of a cream soda."—Anne Becerra (The Ginger Man)
"Chocolates with more complexity, say with the additions of caramel and/or nuts, would be well paired with higher intensity beers such as Imperial stouts (personal favorites are North Coast's Old Rasputin and Oskar Blue's Ten Fidy) and especially barrel aged versions for even more decadence (Firestone Walker Parabola, 50/50 Eclipse). Alternatively you could skip the chocolates and surprise your spouse with a hard to find bottle of Goose Island's Bourbon County Brand Backyard Rye Stout. This beer tastes like a delicious liquid concoction of chocolate covered berries that have been soaked in whiskey and at 12.7% ABV is a perfect bottle to share with that special someone."——Tyler Morton (Taste of Tops)
"I like a solid porter like Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald for any chocolate with nuts. Other beer styles good for chocolates are some fruit beers and surprisingly, a number of dark malt based chile beers like Dogfish Head Theobroma. And while some like it hot, on Valentine's Day I would avoid the spice and pour something with a bit more elegance. New Glarus Raspberry Tart in a champagne flute certainly fits the bill while Brewery Ommegang's Three Philosophers offers a rich sophistication of its own."—Daniel Parker (Stout's Pub)
"A pretty pink Framboise or Kriek is still the best complement to a piece of chocolate that the beer world has. For a specific example of such a beer I'd have to recommend 'Honestly Ale' from Craftsman in Pasadena. It is brewed with tart cherries from Oregon. It is quite sour, seductively aromatic and unique among American sour ales in the purity of fruit it retains."—Sayre Piotrkowski (Hog's Apothecary)
"My all-time favorite beer and chocolate pairing: spicy dark chocolate bark with heavy-duty IPAs. If you like spice as much as I do, this is a perfect fire to set on your tongue. The burn in the chocolate turns into flame when combined with the hoppy bite and sparkly carbonation of an IPA like Ballast Point's Sculpin. Not into the heat? Calm the burn with a rich malty Quad or a smoky and smooth milk stout."—Becki Kregoski (Bites 'n Brews)
"I'm probably in the minority of beer enthusiasts in that I don't think beer and chocolate work all that well together. It's not that I think it never works, but for me it always seems to be beer specific and never style specific, and I think it's difficult to say that even imperial stout goes well with chocolate all the time. I think the pairing works best when the beer is matched with a plain, high quality piece of chocolate with nothing added to it. Things like caramel or fruit fillings can mess with the flavor of the beer too much. There are a couple of beers that I think work very well with high quality chocolate. Rochefort 8, in my opinion, is the best across the board with milk or dark chocolates; and as far as imperial stouts, something big and intense, like Bell's Expedition can be very good."—Jesse Vallins (The Saint Tavern)
Add Your Tips!
Do you have experience pairing beer and chocolate? What are your favorite combinations?
So many drinks, so little time. Keep in the loop on Twitter, or sign up for our weekly newsletter.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Wis. governor halts plans to implement union law
MADISON, Wis. (AP)  A Wisconsin judge on Thursday did what thousands of pro-union protesters and boycotting Democratic lawmakers couldn't, forcing Republican Gov. Scott Walker to halt plans to implement a law that would strip most public workers of their collective bargaining rights and cut their pay.
Dane County Circuit Judge Maryann Sumi, who had issued an order intended to block implementation of the law while she considered a challenge to its legitimacy and warned of sanctions for noncompliance, amended her order Thursday to clarify that the law had not taken effect, as Republican leaders argued it had.
The governor's top aide, Department of Administration Secretary Mike Huebsch, later issued a statement saying Walker would comply with Sumi's order and halt preparations that were underway to begin deducting money from most public workers' paychecks, but that the governor's administration still believes the law took effect after a state office unexpectedly published online.
"While I believe the budget repair bill was legally published and is indeed law, given the most recent court action we will suspend the implementation of it at this time," Huebsch said.
The law would require most public sector workers to contribute more to their health care and pensions, changes that amount to an average 8% pay cut. The measure also strips them of their right to collectively bargain any work conditions except wages.
Walker signed the proposal into law earlier this month after weeks of large pro-union protests in and around the state Capitol and after the Senate's Democrats fled Wisconsin in an attempt to deny Republicans the quorum needed to vote on the measure.
Several lawsuits challenging the law are pending, including the one before Sumi filed by Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne. His lawsuit contends that Republican legislative leaders violated the state's open meetings law in the run-up to a vote on the plan. Sumi issued an order blocking Secretary of State Doug La Follette from publishing the law, typically the last step before it can take effect while she considers the case.
But Republicans convinced another state office to publish the law online on Friday and declared the law took effect the following day. The state Department of Administration has begun preparations to start taking the deductions out of state workers' paychecks.
Sumi issued another restraining order on Tuesday after a day of testimony that reiterated her initial order. She warned anyone who violated it would face sanctions.
But state Justice Department attorneys and Huebsch said they didn't believe that order applied to the Walker administration since it wasn't named as a defendant in Ozanne's lawsuit. They continued work to implement the bill.
Early Thursday morning, Sumi added the non-effect declaration to her restraining order clarifying that the law has not been published and is therefore not in effect. She is expected to take more testimony at a hearing on Friday.
Ozanne said Thursday that Sumi's ruling speaks for itself. Justice Department spokesman Bill Cosh had no immediate comment.
A spokesman for Republican Assembly Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald said he had nothing new to say beyond his previous statement that he didn't believe the judge had the authority to interject herself into the affairs of the Legislature given the separation of powers.
The Legislature was scheduled to be in session Tuesday to pass other parts of Walker's plan to balance the current year's budget that faces a $137 million shortfall. There were no immediate plans to take up the collective bargaining piece again. The judge has said lawmakers could avoid the legal fight by passing it a second time, but legislative leaders have said they are confident it was done correctly the first time and it will prevail in court.
The law would require that about $30 million be saved by the state by July 1 through increased pension and health care contributions. If enactment of the law is delayed, the deductions from state workers would have to increase in order to get those savings by that time.
Copyright 2011 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com
Jack Goldenberg
Background
As a Copywriter, Creative Director and marketer, I've spent my career disrupting industries and launching a billion dollar products with innovative marketing concepts that opened new markets.
Companies I've Worked With
My portfolio is in almost every house in America—if they have a kid who likes Happy Meals, a Cabbage Patch doll in their basement or an instant scratch-off state lottery ticket in their wallet.
Skills
I'm a focused and motivational manager of people and ideas. I have a Cirque du Soleil-like ability to juggle myriad projects, deadlines and egos with skill and a calm, unflappable attitude.
I'm a good listener and I play well with others. I'm an Art Director's and client's best friend. I've worked in just about every industry and a recent boss said I was, ”the best person she's ever met with a blank piece of paper.”
Above all, I'm an engaging writer and storyteller who thinks like a marketer and writes like a wordsmith.
No matter what the industry or marketing challenge, from traditional to interactive, I have consistently created industry-breaking results.
Of course, I'm just as proud when I use my marketing talents to Pay it Forward:
I helped 300 families and individuals get a home and new job after hurricane Katrina.
For three years, I ran a campaign that fed 75,000 people a year a hot Thanksgiving dinner.
I launched International Earth Day two years after first (US) Earth Day with the support of the United Nations. If I can get the United Nations to back me, imagine what I can do for your business.
I also believe that with all I've accomplished, my best ideas are ahead of me.
The film has been pushed forward a month to accommodate the sci-fi juggernaut.
Universal's upcoming Doctor Dolittle project, which will star Robert Downey Jr., has a new release date.
The feature, which Universal picked up in March, was slated to open May 24, 2019, but has now been moved up to April 12, 2019.
The studio was “Forced” to change the release, as earlier this week, Disney and Lucasfilm booked May 24, 2019, as the opening date for its juggernaut Star Wars: Episode IX.
Described as a “sweeping adventure” by the studio, Dolittle is based on the character from the 1920s series of children's books by Hugh Lofting. The stories follow the eccentric Doctor John Dolittle, a former physician who lives with and treats animals, claiming that he can communicate with them.
Dolittle first hit the big screen in the 1967 movie Doctor Dolittle, which starred Rex Harrison and was a musical. Another Dr. Dolittle pic was released in 1998 and starred Eddie Murphy.
Stephen Gaghan is directing the new movie.
Issue 281 - March, 16th 2017
News
Great news for Drupal in my humble opinion! Last week Dries Buytaert dropped a little blog post that announced a major shift in how the Drupal project is going to handle backwards compatibility starting in 8.4. I won't summarize it here but everyone should read this post.
Last week a major change was made to project application process on Drupal.org. Now any registered drupal.org user can create a full Drupal project. This includes modules, themes, and profiles. This decision was discussed for years and the hope is that this change will lower the barrier for new contributors.
The deprecated Drupal Packagist was shut down on Friday, March 10th. If you didn't know Drupal Pakagist was a Composer repository for Drupal that has been replaced by an official Composer repo on Drupal.org
Checkout what is being discussed as proposed product goals for Drupal core 8.4 and 8.5. There are some interesting things in this slide deck.
The latest of what is happening on Drupal.org.
Drupal 8.2.7, a maintenance release which contains fixes for security vulnerabilities, is now available for download.
From Our Sponsor
DrupalCon
Enter for a chance to win the Ultimate DrupalCon Baltimore Experience. This is a pretty sweet deal. It even includes a coffee date with Dries! The contest dates are from March 13 - 22 (23:59 UTC-5).
Articles
A nice summary of the changes to the project review process on Drupal.org.
Easily run the PAReview script in Drupal VM. PAReview.sh is a script that runs any Drupal project through a set of tests checking for many things.
Sponsored
David Snopek at myDropWizard describes the most common site building mistakes they encountered while doing 64 site audits in 2016 ... and how you can avoid making them too!
A wonderful article by my Mediacurrent colleague Clair Smith.
Chapter Three's Managing Partner John Faber makes the case for Drupal companies contributing to Drupal.
Tutorials
A very useful tool for running shell commands in your host shell on a Vagrant box's shell. This works on all Vagrant machines, it's not limited to Drupal VM.
A useful tutorial by Mediacurrent's Edward Chan.
Sponsored
It's been 1 year since the announcement of End-Of-Life for Drupal 6, and there are still tens of thousands of D6 sites online. Find out how Tag1 Quo monitors updates across all of your Drupal sites—Drupal 6 through 8 (and get a coupon to try it for free).
Releases
Podcasts
The Utes as well as the rest of Football Bowl Championship Subdivision staffs will be allowed to add a 10th full-time on-field assistant coaching position starting Jan. 9.
Former Utah player and assistant Gary Andersen immediately comes to mind as a candidate to join coach Kyle Whittingham's staff, and Whittingham remains open to that possibility.
Andersen, who also has served as coach at Southern Utah, Utah State, Wisconsin and Oregon State, resigned from Oregon State and waived the remainder of his contract Oct. 9. He served as an assistant on the Utes' staff from 1997 to 2002 and 2004 to 2008.
“Gary is a heck of a football coach and a close friend of mine, and he's available right now so he's certainly a potential hire for us,” Whittingham told The Tribune. “But early January is when that date is.
“Right now it seems to make the most sense to bring in a defensive coach to balance out the staff because right now there are five assistants on offense and four on D. That would seem to make the most sense. It's not an absolute or a guaranteed direction that we'll go. I think a lot of it depends on if we have any movement on the current staff.”
Whittingham said he was not aware of any members of his coaching staff having been contacted about leaving for other coaching jobs.
The Utes have had nine offensive coordinators over a 10-year span with Troy Taylor being the latest. The Utes ranked higher in the Pac-12 Conference in both passing yards per game (sixth, 256.4) and pass efficiency (seventh, 134.7) this season under Taylor than any other year since joining the conference in 2011.
While the Utes also produced their sixth 1,000-yard rusher in seven seasons in Zack Moss, they still finished in the bottom half of the conference in total offense (seventh, 417.7) and scoring offense (ninth, 29.5 ppg).
Whittingham would not comment specifically on whether Taylor would be back next season, but said, “I thought we made a lot of progress this year from Game 1 to the end. I think the players started feeling very comfortable in the scheme, and we seemed to get some momentum, offensively, as the season wore on.”
Huntley status uncertain
Utes starting quarterback Tyler Huntley sat out Saturday's regular-season finale against Colorado with an undisclosed injury that kept him out of practice all week leading up to the game. Huntley, who ranked second in the Pac-12 in total offense (302.9 yards per game), suffered a shoulder injury against Arizona that forced him to miss almost three quarters of that game as well as two other games.
“I can just tell you it was a new injury, and depending on when the bowl game is will determine whether he's ready or not,” Whittingham said about Huntley's latest ailment.
Here and there
Former Brighton High standout running back Sione Lund announced on Twitter that he has decided to transfer from Stanford to the University of Utah. Lund was rated a four-star recruit coming out of Brighton. He rushed for 1,184 yards and 14 touchdowns on 113 carries (10.5 yards per carry) as a senior. He did not play as a true freshman this season for Stanford. He thanked the Stanford staff in his post and said he was “excited to be a Utah man.” … For the first time the Utes will have two players as national award finalists at the Home Depot College Football Awards in Atlanta on Dec. 7. Punter and 2016 Ray Guy Award winner Mitch Wishnowsky will try to repeat as the nation's top punter, while kicker Matt Gay is one of three finalists for the Lou Groza Collegiate Place-Kicker Award honoring the nation's top kicker. The winners will be announced live on ESPN. Fan voting continues through Thursday for both the Groza Award at www.lougrozaaward.com and the Ray Guy Award at http://rayguyaward.com/. The finalist with the most votes will get one additional vote toward the final total.
Revision 1.3
By Greg Welty (M.Div, Westminster Theological Seminary; B.A., UCLA)
The first to present his case seems right, till another comes forward and questions him–Proverbs 18:17 A printed version is available from:
Reformed Baptist Publications
2001 W. Oak Avenue
Fullerton, CA 92833-3624
(714) 447-3412 (Office & FAX)
Introduction
As a Baptist student at a Reformed seminary, I encountered many theological pressures — from students and teachers alike — to convert to a paedobaptistic view. After much study, I came out convinced that “Reformed Baptist” was not a contradiction of terms (as my paedobaptist peers admonished me), but a qualification of terms, a subjecting of the traditionally Reformed version of covenant theology to a more careful biblical scrutiny. And so while abundantly grateful for my training in Reformed theology at seminary, for both the piety and the scholarship of my professors, I have concluded that the doctrine of infant baptism is neither a good nor necessary consequence deduced from Scripture (to use the language of the Westminster Confession of Faith, I.vi).
In my readings on the subject of baptism, Paul K. Jewett's Infant Baptism and the Covenant of Grace(2) was a revolutionary treatment of the subject. It was the first full-length book I had seen which actually critiqued the doctrine of infant baptism from the perspective of covenant theology itself. Some may debate as to how faithful Jewett actually is to the details of covenant theology, as those details are spelled out in the Reformed confessions. But his basic identification of the problem as one of biblical theology was quite insightful. Avoiding a blatantly dispensational approach, he applies the Reformed emphasis on unity and progress in redemptive history to the sacraments themselves, thus beating the paedobaptists at their own game of continuity and discontinuity. To those who are familiar with Jewett, it will be clear that I am indebted to him at several points.
This paper was originally written to fill a primary need among the seminary interns and other young men at my church. My own experience has taught me that nondispensational, Calvinistic baptists are perpetually tempted to look over the fence of their small and often divisive camp and covet the ministry opportunities available in conservative Presbyterian circles. Many have made this leap, and often do so because they simply don't have a deep, Scripturally-based conviction that the baptist view is correct. Rather, they have absorbed their baptistic sentiments culturally and emotionally, and thus often lose them by the same means. Many have not been presented with an extended series of biblical arguments against infant baptism, a set of arguments which is at the same time consistent with their own nondispensational and Calvinistic perspective. So consider the following to be a resource for seminary and Bible students who want a quick, clear, and accessible summary of the leading reasons why Reformed Baptists (and all biblical Christians) ought not to embrace the doctrine of infant baptism.
I. The Fundamental Hermeneutical Error Of Paedobaptists
Paedobaptists, while rightly affirming the fundamental and underlying unity of the covenant of grace in all ages, wrongly press that unity in a way that distorts and suppresses the diversity of the several administrations of that covenant in history. To put it another way, paedobaptists rightly emphasize the inner continuity of the various administrations of the covenant of grace, while wrongly neglecting the various external discontinuities which exist between those administrations. To put it in still a third way, paedobaptists rightly stress the unity of redemptive history, while wrongly ignoring the movement of that redemptive history. Thus their error is fundamentally one of biblical theology, of understanding the progressive unfolding of God's redemptive purposes in history.
This hermeneutical error, thus stated, inevitably leads to a twofold distortion of the relationship between the two testaments of the Bible. Paedobaptists simultaneously “Christianize” the Old Testament (read the Old Testament as if it were the New(3)) and “Judaize” the New Testament (read the New Testament as if it were the Old). In thus “Christianizing” the Old Testament, paedobaptists restrict the significance of circumcision to purely spiritual promises and blessings, while neglecting its national, earthly, and generational aspect. In thus “Judaizing” the New Testament, paedobaptists import Old Testament concepts of “covenantal holiness,” “external holiness,” “external members of the covenant,” “external union to God,” “covenant children,” etc. into the New Testament, even though these distinctions are entirely abolished by the New Testament and completely foreign to its teaching.
Read the entire article here.
Advertisements
Queensland's Land Court rejects bid to stop Adani's Carmichael coal mine
Updated
The Land Court of Queensland has rejected a bid to stop Adani's proposed Carmichael coal mine from going ahead, but has made a list of recommendations to protect the environment.
Indian mining company Adani wants to build a $16 billion coal mine and rail line in the Galilee Basin in central Queensland.
Conservation group Coast and Country challenged the proposal in the Land Court in Brisbane on the impacts the mine would have to groundwater, climate change and biodiversity, including black-throated finches, an endangered species.
Handing down the decision on Tuesday, Land Court president Carmel MacDonald recommended the state Environment Minister grant mining leases subject to conditions.
Those conditions include six hour monitoring of water bodies from dawn and greater assessments and surveys of the black-throated finch.
The environmental conditions include:
Water bodies should be monitored over at least a six hour period
Detailed botanical assessment should focus on all black-throated finch locations
More effort should be placed into actively locating black-throated finches and collecting information on their movements
Recordings should be used when black-throated finches are encountered to better identify birds in the area
Specific surveys be carried out to identify breeding areas
Experienced ecologists with sound understanding of the black-throated finches be involved in the surveys
Ms MacDonald also ordered that the Ten Mile Bore region be investigated to determine their importance in sustaining the black-throated finch population.
Coast and Country lawyer Derec Davies said it was a disappointing result.
"Today's decision will pave the way to the destruction of some of Queensland's most beautiful ecosystems," he said.
"Days after a binding international climate agreement here we see an Indian mining company seeking to develop a massive coal mine."
The Queensland Resources Council chief executive Michael Roche said the decision showed the group's claims were unfounded.
"This judgement is a comprehensive rejection of the activist argument against this huge job generating project, it's rejected the activist arguments around the financial viability of the project, it's rejected the activists arguments around the issue of climate change," he said.
The coal mine is facing another legal challenge in the Federal Court by the Australian Conservation Foundation.
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, industry, mining-industry, environment, environmental-impact, environmental-policy, mining-environmental-issues, coal, foreign-affairs, government-and-politics, qld, mackay-4740, rockhampton-4700
First posted
In a statement carried on state media, North Korea's Ministry of State Security said it will "ferret out and mercilessly destroy" the "terrorists" in the CIA. | Getty North Korea accuses U.S. of assassination attempt on Kim Jong-un
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea on Friday accused the U.S. and South Korean spy agencies of an unsuccessful assassination attempt on leader Kim Jong-un involving bio-chemical weapons.
In a statement carried on state media, North Korea's Ministry of State Security said it will "ferret out and mercilessly destroy" the "terrorists" in the CIA and South Korean intelligence agency for targeting its supreme leadership.
Story Continued Below
North Korea frequently lambasts the United States and South Korea, but its accusation Friday was unusual in its detail.
The ministry said the spy agencies in June 2014 "ideologically corrupted and bribed" a North Korean citizen who had been working in Russia to carry out the alleged assassination on Kim after returning home.
It said South Korean agents gave $20,000 and satellite communication equipment to the North Korean to attack Kim during a public event with a bio-chemical weapon, such as a "radioactive" and "nano poisonous" substance.
The ministry threatened that a counterattack would begin immediately. "Korean-style anti-terrorist attack will be commenced from this moment to sweep away the intelligence and plot-breeding organizations of the U.S. imperialists and the puppet clique," it said, referring to South Korea.
Officials at South Korea's National Intelligence Service were not immediately reachable for comment.
Before her creeping uneasiness with naturopathic medicine finally drove her from practice, Britt Marie Hermes says she watched colleagues deliver advice that was bad, to dangerously incompetent.
She witnessed missed diagnoses of cancer. She watched naturopaths routinely advise against childhood vaccinations and treat aggressive illnesses with the same “immune boosting” herb Ezekiel Stephan was given while the Alberta toddler was dying from meningitis.
Now, as Ezekiel's parents stand charged in his death, ethicists and health-policy experts say the case is raising troubling questions about whether naturopaths should be restricted from treating children.
There are provincial bans on indoor tanning beds for minors, as well as bylaws keeping children under 16 out of tattoo parlours “because of possible harm to children,” notes University of Calgary bioethicist and lawyer Juliet Guichon.
Just because medicine isn't perfect doesn't make naturopathy a reasonable alternative
“There's also the consent aspect — that children aren't mature enough to say no to these outfits,” Guichon said.
The same principles could be applied to naturopathy, she suggested. “If (children) are not mature enough yet to say, ‘Mum, I'm not going to that quack, I need to go to a doctor,' then there could be an argument for a legal restriction to protect children.”
Nineteen-month-old Ezekiel died in March 2012. His parents, David and Collet Stephan, who operate a nutritional supplements company, have pleaded not guilty to failing to provide their son with the necessities of life.
Court has heard that, in the days leading up to Ezekiel's death, the couple, thinking Ezekiel had croup, treated the child with natural remedies and homemade smoothies.
After a family friend and nurse told the mother he might have meningitis — an infection that causes inflammation of the layer of tissue that covers the brain — Collet purchased an echinacea tincture called “Blast” from a Lethbridge naturopathic clinic. By then the boy was so sick and stiff he couldn't sit in his car seat.
The naturopath has testified she was busy with a patient when Collet called ahead of her visit to the clinic, but that she told a staff member to tell the mother to take the boy immediately to hospital. She said she remained by the phone long enough to confirm the message was relayed, and that she was never asked if echinacea would be a good treatment for meningitis.
Under cross-examination, the jury heard the naturopath never told police she had stayed by the phone while the advice was passed on. A worker in her clinic also told investigators she introduced the naturopath to Collet when she arrived at the clinic, and described her as the mother of “the little one with meningitis.”
The trial is scheduled to resume April 11.
University of Alberta health-policy researcher Tim Caulfield says the tragic death is exposing the sharp and dangerous limits of naturopathic medicine.
Caulfield, who has long argued that naturopathy operates in the realm of “pseudoscience,” said he's “sympathetic to the idea of restricting the kinds of services they can provide kids.”
“We do a lot of things to protect children and, at a minimum, I get very worried when kids are being taken there,” he said.
Alberta licenses naturopaths, as does Ontario and several other provinces, regulation Guichon said gives the field a “cloak of respectability and professionalism” it may or may not deserve.
“But the behaviour in Lethbridge suggests that they're not professional, because a professional would have called the Director of Child Welfare and said, ‘This parent is unwilling or unable to provide the child necessary medical treatment,' ” Guichon said.
Caulfield said naturopaths are increasingly positioning themselves as “some kind of substitute for a family physician” offering evidence-based treatments, when much of what they advertise, according to his research, has no foundation in science.
“They want to have the best of both worlds,” Caulfield said. “But if you're going to be a science-based practitioner, you shouldn't be providing homeopathy, you shouldn't be providing iridology or high-dose intravenous vitamin injections.”
The College of Naturopathic Doctors of Alberta said it could not comment on matters involving an ongoing criminal trial.
In hindsight, I'm really lucky nobody got hurt
Hermes, who practiced as a licensed naturopath in the U.S. for three years before leaving to pursue a career in biomedical research, said she frequently prescribed herbs for infections she was “fairly certain were viruses.
“In hindsight, I'm really lucky nobody got hurt,” said Hermes, who wrote about Ezekiel's case in her blog, Naturopathic Diaries.
When parents are “naturalistic fanatics” it can be nearly impossible to convince them to go to the doctor when their child needs real medicine, she said.
“My argument is not, and never has been, that medicine is perfect,” Hermes said. “But just because medicine isn't perfect doesn't make naturopathy a reasonable alternative.”
Calgary pediatrician Dr. Ian Mitchell said many people, including parents of young children, have a distrust of conventional medicine “and an almost magical belief that there is some pill or preparation called ‘natural' that will wipe things away.” But he said restricting naturopaths from seeing children would only drive things underground and discourage parents from telling doctors about natural products they might be using that could have “disastrous” interactions with other medicines.
“We want people to be open with us,” he said, which means not condemning or judging parents.
national Post, with files from The Canadian Press
• Email: skirkey@postmedia.com | Twitter: sharon_kirkey
Presented as the poster child for DICE's new “levolution” technology (something which has sadly taken a backseat in the studio's more recent titles), Battlefield 4's Siege of Shanghai map became an instant hit with the Battlefield community upon the game's release in 2013, quickly hailed as another series classic up there with Wake Island and Operation Metro.
In the four years since that time, Battlefield 4 has been inundated with expansions, free content, and updates, while most of us - including DICE - has moved on to new things. But a significant core community of players have stayed with Battlefield 4 ever since and, on console, it's more than likely that you'll find most of them playing Conquest on Siege of Shanghai.
Check out our verdict on Battlefield 1 Battlefield 1 review
According to Battlefield Tracker Network at the time of writing, Battlefield 4 has over 15,000 active players on PlayStation 4 and 9000 on Xbox One. Those statistics naturally suggest that the Battlefield 4 you knew and (probably) loved from 2013 is still alive and kicking four years later, but log on to the game yourself on either of those platforms, and you'll be hard pressed to find a server that isn't titled ‘Siege of Shanghai 24/7.'
This isn't to say that all those thousands of people are exclusively playing on a single map - Operation Locker and Golmud Railway infrequently pop up as one of the few viable alternatives depending on the time of day - but it is to say that Siege of Shanghai unquestionably dominates the schedule of the Battlefield 4 user base. This is less of the case on PC, as the expanded options for server ownership and community management makes it more viable to entertain other modes and maps, but Siege is still a popular go-to on that system too.
But what is it that makes Siege of Shanghai so replayable? Well, after all the controversy surrounding its rocky launch dominated the public discussion for weeks on end in 2013, it quickly became easy to overlook the fact that, at its core, Battlefield 4 is a really good game. Beautiful, expansive, robust, rewarding, and the last DICE game to really double down on the sandbox elements of the studio's formula for multiplayer warfare - it kicked off the next generation in all the right ways.
In theory, Siege of Shanghai represents the harmonic culmination of all those ideas within a single playground; a map where all manner of vehicles attack each other from land, sea, or air, where the space of play feels as vertical as much as it does horizontal, and where the visual scope of DICE's vision is really able to come into its own.
And at the centre of it all is that skyscraper, the nucleus at the heart of the mayhem, and a key control point that both sides are immediately drawn towards. Ascend its peak, and you'll find a heated firefight that, in another game, could easily be mistaken for its own separate match. In Siege of Shanghai, however, it's merely the eye of the storm in a massive, dynamic environment of ongoing warfare.
Bad company
As I said, though, that's all in theory. In reality, Siege of Shanghai is as controversial a map as as it is ubiquitous, not to mention a user experience made up of extreme highs and lows, thanks to the way in which fights now play out. Many active Battlefield 4 players were eager to describe their love-hate relationship with Siege of Shanghai to me, and offered their take on why the map remains so popular despite its contentious nature.
“The only reason this map is in rotation at such a high frequency is because people who rent servers put it on all the time to score cheaper helicopter kills”, explains Redditor moistman_761 . “The infantry gameplay is annoying and repetitive on top of the tower and you rarely engage in the surrounding bases, while the ground vehicle gameplay is lackluster compared to other maps because of Shanghai's tight corridors and poor flanking options. Even the air combat is limited to one attack helicopter, which usually remains uncontested for the majority of the match due to spawn camping.”
"I think Shanghai's greatest appeal is its novelty, not great map layout or any other important factors." FightThaFight, Battlefield 4 player
Helicopters are definitely the hot button issue at the crux of the Siege question. Even after playing a single round of Conquest, I found myself repeatedly mowed down and increasingly aggravated by the same helicopter pilot, who hovered around the tower like a vulture, raining down hellfire on anyone out in the open with the sort of speed, precision, and merciless efficiency that you would begrudgingly expect from a player with four years of experience.
I'm sure they were having a grand old time, but for everyone else, it was a nightmarish cycle of instant death that felt extremely unfair, especially as the same player held the same helicopter for the entirety of the 60 minute match.
Deathwhisperz is someone who takes a less critical disposition towards Siege, instead suggesting that its timeless appeal is a product of its variety.
“I think the map is popular simply because of its design. It's definitely not my favorite map, but I can play it over and over without ‘map fatigue.' This is to do with the wide range of viable styles you can try. There are plenty of safe places to snipe from, a good amount of streets for mid-range combat, and most of the sites themselves are closed enough to encourage close quarters engagement. You can play any style on Siege, and the building collapse... that's always cool.”
They're not wrong about the skyscraper, either, at least from a visual standpoint. Once the tower takes enough damage, the ‘Levolution' mechanic triggers, and the entire building will begin to plummet into a pile of rubble and dust, with anyone caught within, below, or on top of it doomed to a humiliating fate.
After that, the control point is fought atop the remnants of splintered concrete and metal but, despite its conceptual and visual allure, this transformation to the playing field is yet another point of contention amongst players.
Tower trouble
“When the skyscraper eventually falls, the map becomes, in my opinion, a lot worse” says Yoerroz , explaining that the “only reason to really topple the tower down is to force the other team off the objective, and reset its capture point to try and take it again.”
Meandarker agrees, going one step further by arguing that Siege is best enjoyed when you ignore the skyscraper altogether. “The map lends itself to great play when the focus is drawn away from the tower. Fights at the D and E flag are awesome and focus on more ground-based combat, where the air vehicles can't be totally dominant. The issue is that nobody ever leaves the C flag. The tower can be fun for a few minutes when you can hold the rooftop or peek the corner from the elevators and mow down the enemies across the way, but a chopper always finds a way to ruin the entire map for everybody.”
In other words, the tower's very presence only serves to further facilitate and accentuate Siege's biggest problem of air superiority, but it's not a universally hated gimmick. ClaptrapBeatboxTime , for example, explicitly points to the tower when asked why the map still remains a personal favourite of theirs.
“Siege is one of the only maps across all Battlefield I get excited to play over and over”, they tell me. “Taking the tower away from campers, being one of those campers, shooting helicopters down from the roofs. It was the first map they showed us that got us pumped, and it still gets me pumped.”
It seems to be that your opinion of Siege greatly depends on how you prefer to play and enjoy Battlefield. For those who delight in the chaos of the imbalanced interplay and cheap trickery which currently dictates activity on the map, then Siege's popularity makes perfect sense, especially for savvy pilots looking to score easy kills. But for players who want something more varied, welcoming, well rounded and meaningful, the frustration is valid.
Our thoughts on Dice's next big shooter Star Wars Battlefront 2 Highlights
Others who may also be less satisfied with the current state of Battlefield 4 are those who own or recently bought the Premium Edition, which comes packed with all of the game's DLC. Very few servers on console are dedicated to Battlefield 4's post-launch content which, for some, might have been their exact reason for picking the slightly pricier Premium Edition over a standard copy. In essence, they've invested in a game that made promises it can no longer keep.
This isn't necessarily DICE's fault, as no one can predict what a game's online community might look like four years on from release, but the case study of Battlefield 4 is a reminder of multiplayer gaming's precarious inconsistency when measured over time.
Britain is naive to expect a “free lunch” in trade negotiations with the EU, according to a scathing House of Lords report that calls for a transition phase to ease the pain.
“The notion that a country can have complete regulatory sovereignty while engaging in comprehensive free trade with partners is based on a misunderstanding of the nature of free trade,” said the cross-party group of peers.
The report, the second of six parliamentary studies on the mechanics of Brexit out this week, also accuses the government of underestimating the consequences of its limited negotiating position.
“We recognise that the government is engaging with industry stakeholders but are not convinced that the level of engagement and expertise within government are commensurate with the scale of this unprecedented task, particularly given the government's commitment to trigger article 50 by the end of March 2017,” wrote the Lords' EU internal market and EU external affairs sub-committees.
Peers took evidence on four main options facing the government: remaining in the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) like Switzerland or Norway, a more limited Turkish-style position inside the customs union, a free trade agreement (FTA) similar to that negotiated by Canada or falling back on the system of international tariffs agreed by the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
But expert witnesses warned that all the options involved weighing up the economic benefits of trade against lost political independence, leaving no foreseeable scenario where Britain was in a stronger position outside the single market. “There is no free lunch,” said Dr Ulf Sverdrup, director of the Norwegian Institute of International Affairs.
Far from escaping the protectionism of “Fortress Europe”, as some Brexit supporters have promised, walking away entirely and relying on the WTO tariff regime could both push up food prices and introduce huge uncertainty for UK farmers who would have to fight to inherit quotas agreed under opaque WTO “schedules”.
“There will be much more severe restrictions in certain sectors, primarily agriculture, than we face at the moment as a member of the single market,” said Richard Eglin, a senior trade advisor with the law firm White and Case.
“While the UK could unilaterally decide to lower its tariffs on agricultural goods, this could complicate the process of agreement to its schedules and reduce its leverage in future FTA negotiations, as the UK would be less able to offer preferential terms to other countries,” explained the report.
Other British companies, such as airlines, faced a devastating loss of competitive advantage if the UK moves abruptly from the single market without some form of negotiated trade agreement to replace it. Aviation “is hardly touched upon by WTO commitments”, said Piet Eeckhout, a professor of EU law at University College London, while in the single market “you have a full single market in aviation”, where “any EU airline … can perform freely any flights across the European internal market”.
Government witnesses said they were keeping an open mind about different approaches to the problem and were confident of a strong negotiating position.
George Bridges, under-secretary of state at the Department for Exiting the EU (DExEU), told the committee that the government was looking at all the options, though favoured a bespoke UK agreement, because “we perceive ourselves as being in a unique position as regards the EU”. Lord Bridges said he wanted an agreement that would allow the UK to control its borders and laws and provide “the freest possible relationship as regards trade for our businesses”.
This was met with scepticism by peers, who pointed to the fledgling Department for International Trade as a sign the government was already committed to leaving the single market, even if it had little idea what to replace it with.
Sandip Verma, chair of the EU external affairs sub-committee which led the study, said: “It is unlikely that a bespoke EU trade agreement can be agreed within article 50's two-year period, so a transitional deal is vital for protecting UK trade, and jobs that rely on trade. The government should focus on trade with the EU and its WTO schedules. Deals with non-EU countries are contingent on the outcome of these negotiations, and need to be sequenced accordingly.”
Mark Price, minister of state for trade policy, told the committee that a trade policy team of 40 people just after the referendum had grown to about 110 people, and was likely to number about 150 by the end of the year, though there were no plans to hire trade negotiators for future FTAs for the next three or four months.
The report responded: “The government appears to be underestimating the resources required to negotiate a bespoke deal with the EU, to adopt its WTO schedules, and to agree future trading relationships with third countries.”
It fears these practical concerns pale in comparison with the fundamental misunderstanding about Britain's ability to negotiate both market access and political freedoms.
“The level of market accesses the UK is able to negotiate with the EU would depend in part on the extent to which it was willing to accept and adopt EU law or demonstrate equivalence with EU rules,” concluded the peers. “In the medium to long term the UK may have to continue to update its domestic law to be consistent with EU law.”
“Trade-offs will need to be made in whatever trading framework we eventually agree,” added the chairman of the EU internal market sub-committee, Larry Whitty. “While an FTA would provide the greatest flexibility, and no commitment to freedom of movement, there is no evidence that it could provide trade on terms equivalent to membership of the single market.”
There is much public debate about the role of 'choice' when it comes to women and work in Australia – but structural factors appear to play a stronger role in shaping the labour market experience of women. The persistent gap between male and female remuneration for similar work and the gendered nature of informal care work play an important role in determining labour market outcomes for women. It is hard, if not impossible, to incorporate such factors into conventional notions of choice.
Drawing on hypothetical examples, this paper analyses how the life course and work patterns of four women in different occupations – a nurse, a lawyer, a finance analyst and a retail worker – will impact on their superannuation earnings. It shows that, compared with a male of the same age earning the average wage, the superannuation balance for these four examples ranges between 44 per cent and 87.6 per cent of the benchmark lifetime super balance of the average male. This analysis shows that the current superannuation scheme effectively takes the gendered income inequalities that exist during people's working lives and magnifies them in retirement.
Why just be homophobic when you can be racist, too?
Same-sex marriage might not be a reality yet in Australia, but that hasn't stopped a right-wing group from planning a “Straight Lives Matter” rally in Sydney.
The group, Party for Freedom, is plans on holding the rally in Taylor Square, at the center of the city, on September 23.
Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images
“We believe tradition is important, and the biological institution of marriage should not be redefined to suit a minority sexual orientation,” wrote group member, Nick Folkes, on Facebook.
The reason for the rally is to give “support of traditional marriage by calling on our fellow Australians to vote 'no' in the upcoming postal vote on same-sex marriage.”
But Facebook users were not having it, and commented on the group's Facebook status.
“I'm sorry but how does legalizing same-sex marriage directly affect you if you are straight? It will only affect those it applies to so who cares,” wrote Facebook user, Emily Wheeler. “It will literally have zero effect on your life so maybe you should just let it go. The LGBTI community don't want special treatment they just want equal rights. Let people be happy…”
TORSTEN BLACKWOOD/AFP/Getty Images
Party for Freedom has posted a lengthy essay—with a whopping nine comments—on its website, arguing against legalizing same-sex marriage:
“Legalizing homosexual marriage will open a ‘Pandora's box' to polygamy and the possible lowering of the age of consent for sex,” the group writes on the site.
“Gay marriage is the latest fad pushed by the left-wing politicians, left wing media, cashed up gay rights groups and social justice warriors under the modern perversion of ‘rights' as a social justice movement. The gay rights movement is based on compassion ignoring the dangers the lifestyle experiment may pose to children.”
Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images
The announcement of the “Straight Lives Matter” rally comes just days after another Australian group, Muslims for Marriage Equality, announced its support of same-sex marriage in the country.
“The notion that all Muslims are opposed to equal rights for same-sex couples is absolutely incorrect,” group founder Fahad Ali said in a statement. “There is a strong thread of egalitarianism and social justice within the Qur'an and we think that it is very applicable to the question of same-sex marriage.”
Share. A quick primer before you get into the action. A quick primer before you get into the action.
Partner Content by Bandai Namco
Dragon Ball Z Dokkan Battle is a free-to-play mobile game that's been rackin' up downloads on both Android and iOS for over two years. Here's a quick primer to get your knowledge base powered up.
Two Years Strong
DBZ: Dokkan Battle first hit Japanese mobile devices in early 2015 and came west that July. Ever since then, Bandai Namco's been pumping out new content to support the game and diversify its massive roster. With all of the Dragon Ball Z universe to draw upon – not to mention the franchise's tendency to memorialize and venerate numerous version of a single character — the game developers have no shortage of potential material.
The Rarer, The Better
As in most card-based games, you'll start with common cards that will populate typical starting decks, but these pale in power to more exclusive finds. This being Dragon Ball Z, the power levels of the rare cards fly through the roof, and so do the rarity ratings.
They start at plain old Rare, then proceed through Super Rare, Super Super Rare, Ultra Rare, Transcended Ultra Rare, and finally Legendary Rare. Each tier has a higher max level than the last, and before you know it, you're inflicting millions of points of damage. The rarest cards also have the most amusingly bonkers monikers, like Indestructible Saiyan Evil Legendary Super Saiyan Broly and Merciless Condemnation Goku Black (Super Saiyan Rosé) & Zamasu (whew!).
Build your dream team in Dokkan Battle
It's Hard to Catch 'Em All
You can randomly unlock additional R, SR, and SSR characters by exchanging 5 Dragon Stones (earned through gameplay) or N and occasionally R characters by spending 200 Friend Points (same). When you have a surplus of characters, you can use the weaker ones to train or “power up” your mainstays, at the cost of the weaker characters. It's a good way to cull your deck of losers while powering-up your faves.
At mentioned, the game's been going strong for well over two years and it recently surpassed the 1,000 characters. So there are a ton of fighters to earn, win, and discover.
Pull off iconic Dragon Ball moves in Dokkan Battle
You'll Be Goin' on Some Journeys
DBZ Dokkan Battle's main gameplay mode challenges you to traverse small, boardgame-like maps at the whim of random dice rolls. You never know where you'll land, which can have both positive and negative repercussions. Friendly spaces will boost your battle Ki or give you money and random items. Less-friendly zones trigger enemy encounters, which can soften you up on the way to the zone's final boss.
Once you beat that map, you can play it again on Hard and even Z-Hard to find additional paths that may lead to greater rewards.
Dokkan Battle's features boardgame-like maps
Battles Are All About Ki...
Battles are a mixture of stats, strategy, and luck, and most of the strategy revolves around tapping the colored Ki Spheres in front of your opponent that match your current character's hue. This provides attack and healing bonuses for your character and charges their Super Attack meter more quickly.
Once the meter's full, your character will unleash their spectacular, screen-filling super, which is typically one of their most iconic attacks from the series. Think “Piccolo's Special Beam Cannon,” Goku's “Kamehameha,” Vegeta's “Big Bang Attack,” or Krillin's “Destructo Disc.” It's hard to come back from these, so be the first to unleash 'em.
Final Kamehameha in Dokkan Battle
...And Relationships, Too
Your encyclopedic knowledge of the Dragon Ball Z mythos will reap benefits in battle thanks to the Link Skill feature. At any time during battle, you can swap the order of your three current characters. When moved next to each other, characters who have notable in-universe relationships will activate special Link Skills that provide additional power-ups and bonuses. This is another reason why it's crucial to put a lot of thought into the composition of your teams.
Dokkan Battle is now available on the App Store and Google Play
Play It Now
Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle is a free download on the App Store and Google Play. To get you started in Dokkan Battle, every new game offers "New Player Support! SUMMON SPRINT" where new players are guaranteed to get one of the following characters: Super Saiyan Goku, Super Saiyan Gohan (Youth), or Piccolo — all of them are ranked as Super Super Rare. Now go forth, power-up your ultimate dream team, and conquer the universe!
This is a special advertising section. Read more about IGN's policies in our Standards and Practices.
After fuming about the ongoing occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge for days, three men took a trip to the reserve. They spoke briefly with the protesters and checked up on the bird sanctuary they love.
Planned rallies
What
: Several groups have come together to hold rallies against the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge
When
: Noon on Tuesday, Jan. 19
Where:
Portland/Holliday Park near Lloyd Center
911 NE 11th Ave, Portland
Bend/Riverfront Plaza downtown
875 NW Brooks St.
Eugene
Old Federal Building
211 E. 7th Ave, Eugene
on these rallies and others in Corvallis and Hood River, which remain in the planning stage.
As they drove along the long road out, they noticed a refuge sign covered by an occupiers' gray tarp.
One of the men - all members of Backcountry Hunters and Anglers' Oregon and Washington chapters -- filmed as another hopped the fence and ripped off the covering.
"It occurred to us that it would be a great protest against the occupation," said Ed Putnam of Bend who watched from the car.
The video - taken last weekend -- has gotten 3,900 views so far.
For 13 days, nature lovers across Oregon - and the country - have stewed as they watched armed squatters stroll the lands and historic buildings where they've worked, hiked and tracked sandhill cranes along the Pacific flyway.
They've heard Ammon Bundy demand that the refuge's 187,000 acres be turned over to ranchers, loggers and miners as the rightful owners.
But their patience grew thin this week as they saw the occupiers use government-owned pliers to snip a barbed-wire fence protecting grass and wetlands that have been dedicated for more than a century to birds and other wildlife.
The move was intended to let cattle on the grasses, yet naturalists point out that some local ranchers already have access - and the rancher whose land abuts the cut fence has said he didn't want it cut down either.
While most refuge supporters stop short of calling on law enforcement to act, they join Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward, the Burns Paiute Tribe and a chorus of community members who want the occupiers to get out.
Several other state and national environmental nonprofits and sporting clubs, which represent anglers and hunters who use public lands, also are chiming in by posting videos, creating online petitions and organizing protests critical of the occupation next week in Portland, Eugene and Bend.
They had muted their immediate outrage because the FBI and U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, which runs the refuge, cautioned about provoking tensions at the occupied compound.
"But that's gone on long enough," said Tim Blount, executive director of the Friends of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge nonprofit. "I feel offended, violated and that my rights have been pushed back in a corner because it didn't matter to these people."
Whether Bundy and the protesters remain, the Malheur nonprofit leaders and the Harney County Chamber of Commerce plan to move ahead with the annual Migratory Bird Festival, a popular Burns-based celebration in April featuring events at the refuge.
They've also begun collecting ideas for a re-dedication ceremony, they say, for when the occupiers leave the refuge.
In each of the last two years, about 25,000 people have visited the refuge for a range of activities, including hunting and fishing. A Fish & Wildlife report estimates that tourists to the area spend about $15 million annually in Harney County.
"It has been very frustrating to watch all this unfolds," said Gary Ivey, chairman of the refuge Friends group.
"This is the people's land. The idea that these 'ranchers, loggers and miners' have a God-given, constitutional right to the people's lands is ridiculous," he said. "There's no right for economic use, it's a privilege."
Ivey and other local birders cite specific concerns. They worry about the owl's nest in the fire lookout, which rifle-carrying occupiers have been using as a watchtower. They fear a lengthy occupation will delay work to prepare the refuge's water system for the spring thaw.
Putnam of the Backcountry Hunters & Anglers said he's also concerned about the people involved. He said the occupation is dividing the community and could harm relationships that hunters, lawmakers, federal agencies and ranchers have worked for years to forge.
Some refuge supporters have taken their questions directly to the occupiers, posting on the Facebook pages where occupiers tend to communicate with each other. Kim Jones of Hailey, Idaho, questioned Brandon Curtiss, the president of the III% of Idaho group that visited the refuge last week.
"What gives these people more right to the land than a teacher, who wants to take his/her students to the refuge to learn about the birds and wildlife in an effort to educate and preserve for future generations?" she wrote on Curtiss' Facebook page on Wednesday. "Further, what gives these people, who aren't even from the area, the right to use equipment they don't own to remove fences they neither built nor own?"
Friends of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge has gained about 400 new members to its original circle of about 150 since Bundy and about 20 other protesters took over the refuge on Jan. 2 after a rally to support the imprisoned local ranchers Dwight Hammond Jr., and his son, Steven Hammond.
New members and other donors have given about $10,000 to the group since the takeover began, Ivey said.
While the Friends would typically spend that money on projects, Ivey said, some of it now might have to go to fix things that they suspect occupiers have broken.
And while the Friends are careful about criticizing the law enforcement response, some are pushing the FBI and other agencies to act.
An online petition created on a White House Web page raises the point that continuing to allow the occupation could lead to similar actions in the future.
Why we love the refuge
of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge and how the public park has shaped their lives.
"Law enforcement inaction up to this point is an egregious violation of public safety and emboldens their erroneous assertions that the US Government has no Constitutional Authority," states the petition, launched by "E.K. of Jonesboro, Arizona" on Jan. 9.
"Please end the siege of the refuge and arraign Ammon Bundy as soon as possible."
The petition needed at least 150 signatures to become a document people can find in online searches. So far, 5,321 people have signed. The stated goal is to hit 100,000 signatures by Feb. 8.
Chris Gardner, a Friends board member, visited the refuge last weekend to witness the takeover for himself. He said he was met by two polite, yet armed men who stopped to question him and then invited him in.
Gardner said it was scary and that he declined, having heard rumors that occupiers might want to take a hostage to use in exchange for the imprisoned local ranchers. He would like the occupation to end, but he said he agrees with federal authorities' cautious response.
Even scarier than the armed men in the refuge, he and others said, is the potential for violence and bloodshed in a place that brings them such peace.
"It's a little like a child being kidnapped - that refuge is like a child to a lot of us," Gardner said. "You want the child back, but don't want the child hurt. We want a peaceful resolution that doesn't further spoil the refuge.
"We just want our child back in our arms."
-- Laura Gunderson
lgunderson@oregonian.com
@lgunderson; 503-221-8378
The Supreme Court posted audio and transcripts on Tuesday of oral arguments heard in the case of Hollingsworth v. Perry, which argues that California's Proposition 8, which defined marriage as between a man and a woman, is unconstitutional.
Proposition 8, which Californians ratified in the 2008 election, has been struck down as discriminatory by both district and federal appeals courts. Arguing the case before the Supreme Court Tuesday were Theodore Olson, former Solicitor General under George W. Bush and Democratic Lawyer David Boies in favor of the plaintiffs and Charles Cooper, a former Justice Department official under President Ronald Reagan who argued in favor of Proposition 8 and found time within his testimony to boast about his fertility.
In the Wall Street Journal‘s live blog of Tuesday's oral arguments, Justice Stephen Breyer asserted that not all marriages are for the purpose of procreation. Justice Elena Kagan pointed out that lots of people get married after 55, and that not a lot of children are coming out of those relationships.
Cooper replied that it's rare that both members of an older couple are infertile. “Very few men outlive their fertility,” he said, an assertion that was met by the courtroom with a groan.
Read a transcript of arguments, embedded via Scribd, below:
12-144 by Joe Palazzolo
Listen to audio of testimony via Buzzfeed, embedded below:
When Republicans criticize Barack Obama's foreign policy, their critiques usually break down into two broad themes: America's enemies no longer fear us, and America's allies no longer trust us. The part about our enemies fearing us is usually a reference to Russia – conservatives believe quite earnestly that Russia's military expansionism over the last few years is a consequence of Vladimir Putin sizing up the president and determining that he's a weakling. No less an authority than Peggy Noonan made this very argument just last Friday, lamenting “a Russian president who took the American's measure and made a move, upsetting a hard-built order that had maintained for a quarter-century since the fall of the Soviet Union—what a mess.”
As for our allies, the claim that they can no longer trust us is typically a reference to Israel and the ongoing spat between Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over Iran policy and the two-state solution with the Palestinians. Republicans and conservatives aren't shy about their preference for Netanyahu's foreign policy vision and even do kooky things like invite him to speak before Congress while he's in the final stages of a tough reelection fight.
Advertisement:
But regardless of whom they're referring to, Republicans are clear on one point: Because of Obama, America's friends across the world just can't take us at our word anymore. And the GOP candidates for 2016 have a plan for how to fix that: On their first day as president, they'll break our word to our allies.
I'm referring, of course, to the multilateral negotiations on Iran's nuclear program, in which the United States is partnered with France, Germany, Britain, Russia, and China. Even before the outline of the agreement was unveiled last week, Republicans with ambitions for the White House promised that they would withdraw from whatever arrangement the allied world powers came to with Iran, and that they would do so on literally their first day as president. Assuming that a deal does come together, it will be the product of decades of international pressure and many long months of delicate negotiating. Everyone from Marco Rubio to Ted Cruz to Scott Walker has said they'll obliterate all that work in less than a day.
I want to focus on Walker here, since he's been a bit stumbly on foreign policy, and also because he's gone further than anyone else in attacking the deal. As Greg Sargent noted at the Washington Post, after the framework was released last week Walker renewed his promise to scuttle the deal as president, and was asked by a radio host if he'd still go through with it even if it meant that our trading partners would abandon the international sanctions regime that brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place. His answer? Yes, of course:
WALKER: Absolutely. If I ultimately choose to run, and if I'm honored to be elected by the people of this country, I will pull back on that on January 20, 2017, because the last thing — not just for the region but for this world — we need is a nuclear-armed Iran. It leaves not only problems for Israel, because they want to annihilate Israel, it leaves the problems in the sense that the Saudis, the Jordanians and others are gonna want to have access to their own nuclear weapons…
That's about as vacant a response as you can offer, and it makes clear that Walker's grasp of the issue doesn't extend too far beyond “Iran is bad.” If an agreement is reached and President Walker does back out of it, then all he'll have done is make it more likely that Iran obtains a nuclear weapon. He's already acknowledged that whatever sanctions might be imposed will lack the backing of the international community, which he'll have alienated with his unilateral action to demolish the diplomatic framework in place. So, as Jim Newell points out, that would leave Walker with two options: pray that nothing bad happens until the Iranian regime collapses, or drop a bunch of bombs.
Would dropping those bombs deprive Iran of a nuke? Well, John Bolton – who places more faith than anyone in the power of bombs to solve problems – says that an enthusiastic application of explosives to Iranian nuclear sites could set the program back a whopping three to five years. The framework under discussion would freeze things in place for at least 10 years. So we'd be putting Americans in harm's way and pissing off all our friends, all for less than what we'd get than if we stick to our commitments.
But that's the big plan for renewing the world's trust in America and getting our enemies to fear us again. On day one of the next Republican administration, we'll start behaving like erratic and irresponsible fools who renege on our obligations and pursue policies that tip us towards yet another protracted war in the Middle East. And all this will get the world believing in American exceptionalism again.
A homeless man died Wednesday night outside Sacramento City Hall, delivering a harsh reminder of street perils to the doorstep of city leaders as they continue searching for ways to help the transient population in a stormy winter.
About 8:30 p.m. Wednesday, another camper alerted security that a 50-year-old man sheltered at the back of City Hall was unresponsive. Homeless people often seek cover under the building's overhangs despite a controversial city ordinance banning public camping.
The Sacramento County Coroner's Office has not identified the man, but homeless people in the area knew him as Michael Nunez, according to homeless rights activist James Lee Clark.
Sacramento Mayor Darrell Steinberg was informed of the death Thursday and said that addressing homelessness is a “moral issue.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
He said the city is already working on an inventory of empty or convertible buildings throughout Sacramento, such as closed schools, that could serve as temporary shelters. He is asking council members to help with that effort and hopes to open more facilities in coming weeks.
At a Thursday news conference, county Supervisor Phil Serna, Steinberg and Sacramento Councilman Jeff Harris announced a new shelter at the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center in North Sacramento near the American River. That facility served 24 people Wednesday night.
“I have been and continue to be hellbent on making this situation much better,” Steinberg said. “We are not going to wait. ... We're going to find and attempt to open as many places of shelter as we can as quickly as possible.”
The death at City Hall comes less than two weeks before the city and county plan to hold a joint meeting to better coordinate on homelessness. While the city administers some homeless services, the county is responsible for the bulk of the work and administers federal and state funding.
“It's completely unacceptable,” Serna said about homeless people living without shelter this winter. “We're going to do things different and we're really going to live up to the responsibility that our constituents expect. And that is to make sure that people have a place to stay warm, to be sheltered.”
Currently, the northern Sierra Nevada is on pace to have its wettest season in recorded history, and the plight of homeless people displaced by the rain is causing a “state of emergency,” said Sacramento Councilman Allen Warren. Last week, he proposed lifting the camping ordinance on a limited basis to allow homeless people in his Del Paso Heights-based district to camp on a parcel of land that he owns, where he envisions the city providing services and infrastructure such as restrooms.
Warren said he doesn't want a permanent tent city but thinks temporary camping is necessary until more long-term solutions are available. He thinks that the city needs “real-time responses” to what he sees as a crisis that is hitting neighborhoods in his district especially hard. Other city leaders – most notably Steinberg – have not embraced Warren's camping idea.
“I don't want it to be political,” Warren said of his proposal. “It's a real life-or-death situation. This is an emergency crisis and we need an emergency response.”
Homeless rights activist Bob Erlenbusch, who tracks the number of people who die on Sacramento streets, said on average that one homeless person dies each week. He's recorded 705 deaths on the street in the last 14 years, and said men on average die at 50 years old and women at 49.
County Coroner Kim Gin said her office has counted 87 deaths of homeless people from Jan. 1 through Dec. 9 of last year, the most recent period for which numbers are available.
In the case of the man who died outside City Hall this week, firefighters arrived at the scene within five minutes but found him already dead, said city spokeswoman Linda Tucker. Police were not called, according to police spokeswoman Linda Matthew.
Nunez fell, hit his head and went to a hospital the day before his death, according to Heather Kennedy, a friend who was with him the previous two days.
The Coroner's Office has not yet determined a cause of death, but Gin said via email that an autopsy has been performed and the body had “no trauma at all.” Her office is still looking for the man's family.
Camping at City Hall is a contentious issue. For more than a year, homeless rights activists have slept on its sidewalks, held protests inside chambers and had run-ins with police over the city's anti-camping ordinance, which makes it illegal to sleep on city streets. They say the anti-camping rule makes homelessness a crime, and the confiscation of camping gear can be dangerous for those left to the elements.
“None of us have ever said that (lifting) the camping ordinance is a solution, but it would free up energy and time,” Clark said. He said the death of the homeless man was “symbolic of the fact that (politicians) are still not addressing the situation in a laudable fashion.”
Tanya Orcutt, 35, camped outside the main door of City Hall on Wednesday night on the opposite side of where Nunez died. Orcutt said that while the rain wasn't terrible, the wind was fierce and the temperature was falling by the time she went to sleep around 6 p.m.
“My foot was like a rock when I woke up, it was so cold,” she said.
With rain resuming Thursday afternoon, she stood with a friend and a cart of belongings out front. Her lip was bruised – the result of a man kicking her a few nights previously while attempting to steal her sleeping bag a few blocks away, she said.
Still, Orcutt said of sleeping at City Hall, “I feel safe here.”
With rain forecast again Thursday night, Kennedy was among five people and a gray-and-white pit bull camping behind City Hall. One man rested on a tarp in the same spot where Nunez died.
Editor's note (Jan. 20): The spelling of Michael Nunez's last name has been corrected based on an interview with a relative after the story ran. The incorrect spelling was attributed to two friends.
Things to do in Georgia: March to the Sea Heritage Trail
Looking for something free and educational to do during your stay in Georgia? History buffs, travel enthusiasts, and vacationing families alike will enjoy following the March to the Sea Heritage Trail ®. This trail is a member of the Georgia Civil War Heritage Trails®, which are the official statewide Civil War Historic Driving Trails of Georgia. This trail system was designated by Georgia's Governor and General Assembly in 2010.
This trail follows the path that Sherman's Civil War army took during their historic March to the Sea campaign, during which they captured and disrupted much of Georgia, helping to bring an end to the war.
The trail, just like the army, is split into two sections- a left and a right wing. The left wing goes from Stone Mountain through Conyers, Covington, Social Circle, Madison, Eatonton, Milledgeville, Sandersville, Louisville, Waynesboro, Sylvania, Ebenezer Creek and Port Wentworth to Savannah. The right wing section travels from McDonough, Jackson, Hillsboro, Clinton, Griswoldville, Gordon, Irwinton, Bartow, Millen, Oliver, Guyton, Pooler and Richmond Hill to Fort McAllister.
Each of these March to the Sea Heritage Trail sections makes up a 300 mile driving tour, showcasing the beautiful state of Georgia and its picturesque towns as well as following the footsteps of Civil War history. This year also marks the 150th anniversary of the Civil War, and there will be numerous events held throughout the state to commemorate and honor this occasion.
Visit http://www.gacivilwar.org/attraction/3069-march-to-the-sea-heritage-trail for more information about the trail, and visit http://www.gacivilwar.org/events for an event schedule.
It is now illegal to discriminate against people living with HIV in India, and it will have an enormous impact.
Thanks to the passing of India's new law ensuring equal rights for those living with HIV, it is now estimated that nearly one million people will be able to find relief.
The historic bill was passed in April, making it a criminal offense to discriminate against HIV-positive people. The journey towards its passing was nearly a decade in the making.
As reported by Chemistry World, since 2004 antiretroviral therapy has been free for HIV-positive people. New diagnoses in 2015 were 86,000, which was a 32 percent decline from 2007.
Regardless of the decrease of new cases in that time, there is an estimated 2.1 million people living with HIV in India, according to UNAIDS — and only one million of them are receiving treatment. All of them experienced discrimination to some degree.
Three years ago, HIV stigma drove one couple (a husband and wife) to drink poison after getting kicked out of his parent's home because they were HIV-positive. They died a few days later. This new bill hopes to encourage people living in at-risk areas in India to get tested and, if tested positive, seek treatment.
“[Incidents of discrimination] have decreased compared to decades ago but they still occur," Huidrom Rosenara, associate director with the Delhi-based India HIV//AIDS Alliance, said to CNN. “(The legislation) is a long awaited and positive move. We are very optimistic about it as it speaks volumes about the political commitment. It will protect the rights of people with HIV and let them lead their lives with dignity and respect.”
The Indian government also added a new policy in line with the World Health Organization, which calls for immediate treatment for HIV-positive people, no matter how low or high their T cell count may be. Before, people were unable to receive ART until their T cells dipped below a certain level.
Nearly 80 percent of ART drugs for the developing world are supplied through India's pharmaceutical industries. Despite the country's access to money and medicine, there is still a serious lack of education about HIV and how it's transmitted. Stigma reigns supreme. And where there is stigma, there is resistance.
Manvendra Singh Gohil, India's first openly gay Prince of Rajpipla, spoke recently to Agence France Press about volunteers at his HIV foundation being harassed by police and authorities when attempting to educate men who have sex with men and transgender women about safer sex practices.
Gohil is head of Lakshya Trust, which aims to prevent HIV by giving away condoms and providing education to India's LGBTQ community. But, the prince confessed, his workers are constantly harassed.
“Some of our workers were arrested and taken to the police station where the cops themselves had forced sex with them without condoms," Gohil said. “When we started work among the MSM, we were harassed and threatened by police. We would keep condom packets in public toilets, and even hang them on trees in public parks because we did not want to stop them from having sex in toilets or behind the bushes. We just wanted them to have safe sex… People say homosexuality is a part of Western culture. It is absolutely wrong.”
Longtime gaming industry leader Peter Moore is leaving his position at Electronic Arts to take on a different kind of gaming: professional soccer.
Moore, who currently runs EA's e-sports division, will soon take over as CEO of the Liverpool Football Club — a team he's long been a huge and outspoken fan of — the club announced today.
That Moore is a Liverpool fan is no secret to anyone who's watched him on stage during EA's E3 press conferences, where he has a habit of bringing up the team, even when it's not directly relevant to the subject at hand. With his new job, he'll finally have an excuse to gush about the team all he wants.
Moore's Twitter profile says “live and die for Liverpool FC”
EA says that Moore will be sticking around in his current position for at least a few more weeks. He'll then move to Liverpool and take over as the club's CEO in June.
“Peter has built a fantastic team that is now running dozens of global tournaments and events with millions of players,” EA CEO Andrew Wilson writes in a blog post. “With more exciting expansion plans on the horizon, Peter will be working with the teams to drive a leadership transition before he returns to the UK this summer.”
Moore was hired by EA back in 2007 to run its sports division. In 2011, he shifted into the company's chief operating officer role. And in 2015, he became the company's “chief competition officer,” in charge of EA's movement into e-sports.
He's had a storied career in gaming even before moving to EA. Prior to that, he worked at Microsoft as a marketing leader, where he helped to launch the Xbox 360 and drummed up excitement for Halo 2 by getting a supposedly permanent tattoo (that kind of looked like marker scribblings) of the game's release date on his arm.
Moore ran Sega's American arm before that, during the Dreamcast era. He came there by way of Reebok, where he'd done marketing for soccer and rugby products.
That means we've likely seen the last of Moore in the gaming industry — for a while, at least — but the new position seems to be the culmination of his work over the last two decades: from soccer gear, to sports games, to an actual club.
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss Stoicism, the third great philosophy of the Ancient World. It was founded by Zeno in the fourth century BC and flourished in Greece and then in Rome. Its ideals of inner solitude, forbearance in adversity and the acceptance of fate won many brilliant adherents and made it the dominant philosophy across the whole of the Ancient World. The ex-slave Epictetus said "Man is troubled not by events, but by the meaning he gives them". Seneca, the politician, declared that "Life without the courage for death is slavery". The stoic thoughts of Marcus Aurelius, the philosopher emperor, provided a rallying point for empire builders into the modern age.Stoicism influenced the Christian church, had a big effect on Shakespeare and Renaissance drama and may even have given the British their 'stiff upper lip', but it's a philosophy that was almost forgotten in the 20th century. Does it still have a legacy for us today?With Angie Hobbs, Lecturer in Philosophy, University of Warwick; Jonathan Rée, philosopher and historian; David Sedley, Laurence Professor of Ancient Philosophy, University of Cambridge.
Show less
The Moto X4 is one of the company's latest midrange phones and an immensely capable device. It isn't a flagship, but it's a bit above your standard mid-range expectations. Granted, the $400 cost to grab one makes that abundantly clear, and that price is one of the few drawbacks. Thankfully for you, we've teamed up with Ting, the smarter choice for phone service, to give our readers a chance to win one of three Moto X4s.
For all the Moto X4's sordid details, you can read our full review, but the TL;DR is that it's a decent phone with mid-range specs, an underwhelming camera, and a polarizing design.
This contest is now over. The final results are listed below. If you've won, you will be contacted in the near future. Congratulations! Everyone else - keep participating and stay tuned to Android Police so that you don't miss our upcoming giveaway announcements. You can follow AP on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and RSS. Our winners are: Sudish Mukundan
Ryhor Pekelis
William Bartlett
It packs a Snapdragon 630 with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage in with a 3,000mAh battery, 12+8MP dual (wide-angle) camera setup, and all with Android 7.1.1 Nougat. Sporting IP68 water resistance, it's a bit more durable than your average Motorola midranger. The back of the phone is glass, though, so don't go throwing it around.
If you aren't familiar with Ting, you should be. Unlike most carriers, its service isn't plan based. You just use your phone as you would, and pay according to base rates for usage at the end of the month. Minutes for calls, SMS, and data are all billed separately.
Ting even provides you with tools on both its site and your phone to enable fine granular control of those individual services, so you can better limit how much you pay, just in case you're worried. It's all no-contract with no overages and no tricks.
Sounds like something you're interested in checking out? You can check out more details here, and get $25 off your bill if you sign up, or $25 off a new phone in the Ting shop.
To enter this giveaway, you must have a US mailing address. Three winners will each receive one unlocked Moto X4. This contest will run until Friday, November 24th at 11:59 PM Pacific Time. An additional bonus entry is available once per day, so remember to bookmark or keep the tab open so you can come back.
Ting Moto X4 Giveaway
Pope Francis has said two per cent of the Roman Catholic clergy worldwide, the equivalent of 8,000 members, are pedophiles.
The figure was revealed as the Archbishop of Canterbury separately admitted he expects more sex scandals to emerge from within the Anglican Church.
The Pope described child sex abusers as a “leprosy” within the Catholic Church and said the offenders include “priests and even bishops and cardinals.”
In an interview with La Repubblica newspaper in Italy, the pontiff cited his aides as saying that “the level of pedophilia in the Church is at two per cent.”
As the Catholic clergy numbers 414,000, it would mean more than 8,000 priests fall into this category. Estimates of the prevalence of paedophilia in the wider population range from a fraction of one per cent to four per cent.
In an interview on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show Sunday, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, said it was becoming clearer that pedophilia had not been properly addressed within Anglicanism and disclosed that he deals with the issue on a daily basis.
Asked if he was braced for the child abuse inquiry led by Baroness Butler-Sloss to uncover “bad stories,” the Archbishop replied: “I would love to say there weren't, but I expect there are.
“There are in almost every institution in this land.”
The Pope also promised to find “solutions” to the issue of priestly celibacy. Asked whether priests might one day be allowed to marry, he said celibacy was instituted “900 years after Our Lord's death” and clerics could marry in some Eastern churches under Vatican tutelage.
The Vatican later tried to backtrack on the interview.
Father Federico Lombardi, its main spokesman, said: “This is not at all an interview in the normal sense of the word.” But he declined to say in which parts of the interview the Pope had been misquoted or misrepresented.
The Pope's comment about cardinals being involved “has attracted a lot of attention but cannot be attributed to the Pope,” the Rev Lombardi added.
This is one of my favorite times of year because Colorado's very own Palisade peaches are in season!! They are the sweetest and most delicious peaches I've ever tasted and I can't help myself from eating multiple per day. I was tempted to buy a whole crate of them at the farmers' market yesterday, but luckily for our fridge, I showed some rare self-restraint and only bought the large bag 🙂 I was excited to use them for breakfast this morning, especially after the hot days we've been having! August in Colorado = HOT SUNNY Days. And since our AC is currently out of order, the days and nights are even hotter! I just can't bring myself to eat a warm breakfast when it's so hot. Instead, I feel like eating something light and fresh and cool. This smoothly bowl is the perfect combo! It's fresh, it's cool, it's simple to make yet has a complex flavor and it includes Palisade Peaches!! The recipe is for 1 and it is easily doubled for 2, 4, ( …6,8 – who do we appreciate!?).
Ingredients
blueberries, frozen, 1 cup
fresh peach, 2 small
nut butter, 2 tbsp (I used fresh ground almond)
coconut milk (or milk of your choice) l, 1/4 cup
banana, 1 large
granola, 1/4 cup (I used Just BE Kitchen's – such good Colorado-grown Grain-free Products!!)
Directions:
blend blueberries, 1/4 of the banana, nut butter, 1 peach and coconut in food processor or blender. Blend until smooth and well mixed
slice remaining banana and dice extra peach
pour smoothie into bowl. Top with banana, peach and granola
serve and enjoy!
Notes:
for a nut free version, simply use a granola without nuts and omit the nut butter from the smoothie
The Daily Monitor reports:
A committee of Cabinet has made recommendations that could end Ndorwa West MP David Bahati's proposal to have a separate law punishing homosexuality in Uganda. The recommendations, which Saturday Monitor has seen, come close to dismissing Mr Bahati's draft legislation.
Dr. James Nsaba Buturo isn't very happy:
Dr Nsaba Buturo, the junior ethics minister, who has spoken fiercely against homosexuality, never attended this meeting. He has since complained to Local Government Minister Adolf Mwesigye, who chaired the committee, that the report did not reflect his views.
The article ends on an interesting note:
It was hoped, at least according to Dr Buturo, that the Cabinet committee would make certain amendments to the draft law. As it turned out, the committee critiqued Mr Bahati's work so deeply that no amendments were proposed. Mr Mwesigye said on Thursday that he had no comment to make. Cabinet is yet to discuss the committee's recommendations.
Things aren't looking good for proponents of this egregious bill, are they?
Hate never wins.
Advertisements
Not more ways to alienate and harass
[Op-Ed Content Warning: Bigoted language, sexual violence]
The definition of "safe spaces" varies depending on who you ask, but to me, a safe space is a place where you can be free of harassment regardless of your politics, race, nationality, sexuality, and gender or lack thereof.
Currently, protests are being held at college and university campuses across the United States with students asking for safe spaces. But safe spaces aren't just for the real life and college campuses. The whole of gaming would be better off with more safe spaces as well.
The above message was sent unprovoked by someone on my team in a multiplayer game of "Warzone" in Halo 5: Guardians. I had said nothing even remotely related to LGBT people when I was sent the above toxicity; nay, my crime was using the call tag "LGBT" that shows instead of my name, something I started doing after meeting another player that was using it as a means to find like-minded players to party up with, which I still think is a good idea.
Receiving this message got me to thinking, though: Why would Microsoft allow someone to send a message like this to strangers? I realize there are privacy settings to prevent strangers from sending you messages, but why should I block messages from others for fear of receiving messages like the one above? Why am I, the one playing within the rules, the person to lose privileges? Surely Microsoft should implement a blacklisted words filter for sending messages to strangers in the same way it has for Xbox Live usernames.
Microsoft could even give players the option to enable or disable receiving messages with banned words, or the ability to censor blacklisted words. Popular free MOBA League of Legends offers this feature, but for some reason Microsoft doesn't, which seems like an oversight for a service that costs $60 a year.
We need safe spaces, not just from hateful messages, but emotes and assholes humping your corpse.
If you've ever played Hearthstone, you're probably familiar with its emote system. Instead of being able to directly message your opponents during matches you can click on your hero and select pre-made emotes that include: greetings, well played, thanks, oops, threaten, and sorry. At first glance, This emotes may seem pretty harmless, but when people spam them or say them at certain times, they can be downright angering. At what point during a player-versus-player competitive match can the sorry emote be used in a non-sarcastic way?
A survey of 5,100 people on reddit found that only 14 percent of players used emotes sincerely, while 30 percent of players would use an auto-squelch option if it existed. Can you blame the players when some emotes seem to encourage this kind of behavior? Yes, you can, but Blizzard is just as much to blame. An option to display only friends' emotes would undoubtedly benefit some players, myself included.
Sometimes players take a game mechanic and use it as a means of harassment with the prime example being crouching on dead players' faces as if to press their testicles against them, a practice better known as "teabagging." Teabagging is not only unsportsmanlike but also simulates sexual assault and abuse of a corpse, no matter how you twist it. Yet teabagging has become commonplace in first-person shooters ever since Halo 2's player-base popularized it. This virtual assault has become so prevalent and accepted that most of us are desensitized to it to the point that the following commercial for Call of Duty: Ghosts wasn't instantly lambasted and banned.
Call of Duty: Ghosts is especially guilty of normalizing this behavior by giving players a field order to "humiliate the next enemy you kill" for a reward. You do this, of course, by teabagging your opponent's corpse, earning a care package in the process. Gross. While teabagging in games may seem harmless to many of you reading this, I imagine more than a few people are uncomfortable with the act in general.
There are a few easy fixes to teabagging like removing crouching animations from post-kill camera shots, something that would go a long way to possibly make someone's experience a little bit better. I'm not saying players should be forced or punished for teabagging, just having the option of not experiencing the act if you so choose would be a welcome option to many.
These are just a few examples that come to mind when talking about creating safer spaces for everyone in online gaming, though I'm sure there are many more opportunities out there. I'm not saying players freedom of expression should be taken away; I'm just asking that we are given a way to avoid certain things if we see fit. A winning situation for everyone.
[Header image by Kelsey Shankle.]
We need safe spaces, not just from hateful messages, but from emotes and
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
