From the earliest times, mythical demons have inhabited all superstitious faiths and religions but it was Christianity that really grasped the thorny nettle wholeheartedly, with various hellbent writers recording ever-more elaborate inhabitants of mythical Hell and going to great lengths to explain their apparent roles and where they specifically resided in satanic situ.
Thus, the Spanish Franciscan Catholic Bishop, Alphonso de Spina, recorded in 1467 that demons could be classified in the following ways:
Demons of fate
Goblins
Incubi and succubi
Wandering groups or armies of demons
Familiars
Drudes
Cambions and other demons that are born from the union of a demon with a human being.
Liar and mischievous demons
Demons that attack the saints
Demons that try to induce old women to attend Witches' Sabbaths
A hundred years later, Peter Binsfield, a German bishop, honed these vague categories and aligned them to the seven deadly sins, hence, the seven princes of Hell looked like this:
Lucifer: pride
Mammon: greed
Asmodeus: lust
Leviathan: envy
Beelzebub: gluttony
Amon or Satan: wrath
Belphegor: sloth
Another befuddled and mathematically keen theologist, Johannes Wierus, recounted the evidence as he saw it and proclaimed that when Lucifer fell from Heaven, he took 2400 evil angels with him; when they arrived at Hell, there were eleven princes of Hell, each commanding 6,660,000 demons each.
Hence, Hell was essentially the mirror image of Heaven, so whilst Cherubim and Arch Angels featured for the good, ‘downstairs', Lucifer (most often agreed to be the head of all the demons) appointed many of the evilest angels to preside of different areas of the Underworld.
Dictionnaire Infernal “Infernal Dictionary”) was first published in France in 1818. Written and compiled by occultist and demonologist Jacques Auguste Simon Collin de Plancy, it was reprinted several times before its most recent incarnation in 1863 in an edition that contained 69 illustrations by surrealist-inclined artist Louis Le Breton.
Many but not all of these images were later used in S. L. MacGregor Mathers's edition of The Lesser Key of Solomon. The initials “L.B.” on images below indicate they are by Louis Le Breton.
Aamon
A Marquis of Hell who governs forty infernal legions. Said to have a little owl's head, lion's or wolf's fore part of the body, including legs, and worm's or snake's tail. He knows all past and future events.
Abaddon (the destroyer)
His early career as the angel sent to collect the earth which was used to create Adam, he later took up the role of an angel of the bottomless pit. Chief of the human-faced, scorpion-tailed, horse-bodies demon locusts
Appearances in popular culture:
Abaddon (as Apollyon) appears in Act 2 of the opera “The Pilgrim's Progress” by Ralph Vaughan Williams.
In the episode “Alice” of Star Trek: Voyager , Abaddon is the proprietor of “Abaddon's Repository of Lost Treasures”
, Abaddon is the proprietor of “Abaddon's Repository of Lost Treasures” In John Bunyan's allegory The Pilgrim's Progress, Abaddon (as Apollyon) appears as the “foul fiend” who assaulted Christian on his pilgrimage through the Valley of Humiliation. He rules over the city of Destruction and attacks Christian when he refuses to return.
Adramelech (king of fire)
Great minister of Beelzebub's Order of the Fly. Adramelech became the President of the Senate of the demons. He is also the Chancellor of Hell and supervisor of Satan's wardrobe. Being generally depicted with a human torso and head, and the rest of the body of a mule (or sometimes as a peacock).
Agares
Described as a duke “under the powers of the east,” an “old man, riding upon a crocodile, and carrying a hawke on his fist,” who teaches languages, stops and retrieves runaway persons, causes earthquakes, and grants noble titles.
Asmodeus
Asmodeus takes charge of the casinos of Hell, specialising in all things related to greed and illicit pleasure. Sporting three heads (bull, ram and human), he leads mortals to squander their wealth of frippery and tempt them into wildly inappropriate relationships.
Appearances in popular culture:
In the 1970 film, In Equinox, Asmodeus is the controller of various demons and spirits.
Asmodeus is the villain in the 1979 comic-fantasy novel And the Devil Will Drag You Under by Jack L. Chalker.
In Robert A. Heinlein‘s novel Job: A Comedy of Justice, Alex and Margrethe are granted their request to spend eternity together operating a small town diner and soda-fountain which they purchased from “Mr. & Mrs. A.S. Modeus”.
In the Yu-Gi-Oh Trading Card Game, there is a Monster Card named Darklord Asmodeus.
The demon Azmodan, the Lord of Sin, is one of the Lesser Evils from the Diablo series of games, most notably appearing as a major boss in Diablo III.
In Demon Keeper (1993), Asmodeus is the demon unwittingly conjured up by psychic charlatan Remy Grilland (played by Edward Albert).
Astaroth (Treasurer of Hell)
Riding around on a dragon and carrying a serpent-like a staff, Astaroth is a mentor to newer demons joining the ranks
Appearances in popular culture:
Astaroth appeared in the Batman: The Brave and the Bold episode “Trials of the Demon”, voiced by Tony Todd.
episode “Trials of the Demon”, voiced by Tony Todd. Astaroth is the main antagonist and recurring boss character in the Ghosts ‘n Goblins franchise
franchise Astaroth has made several appearances in the comic book series Hellboy by Mike Mignola
by Mike Mignola Astaroth is a demon in the manga and anime Ao No Exorcist, and is a demon of rot
Azazel
Referenced in Christianity, Judaism, and Islam, Azazel was one of the first angels to fall from Heaven and lists amongst his achievements, leading men to create and take-up weapons and women to apply make-up. A bit sexist.
Appearances in popular culture:
Azazel is the main character in a series of short stories written by Isaac Asimov.
The X-Men comic books feature a mutant based on the legendary demon, created by writer Chuck Austen.
Featured in the film In the film Fallen with Denzel Washington, as a body-switching demon.
In the TV series Supernatural, a demon named Azazel is the main antagonist in seasons one and two
More mythical demons from Hell…
Like this: Like Loading...
Tyson Fury, a British boxer who is one of the world's top athletes in his category, was filmed warning viewers not to be brainwashed by Zionist Jews, who he said own all banks and media.
The Campaign Against Antisemitism, a British watchdog group, said it is submitting a complaint to the British Boxing Board of Control against Fury over the video, which surfaced on YouTube Friday.
“Everyone just does what you can, listen to the government follow everybody like sheep, be brainwashed by all the Zionist, Jewish people who own all the banks, all the papers all the TV stations. Be brainwashed by them all,” said Fury, a practicing Catholic who is scheduled in July to try and win back his International Boxing Federation title of world champion in his category of heavyweight.
He lost the title last year due to a technicality after holding it for only 10 days.
“Tyson Fury's statements about Jewish people are offensive and racist,” Jonathan Sacerdoti, director of communications at the Campaign Against Antisemitism said in a statement.
“Just as antisemitism is being stamped out from football, the same should apply to boxing.
He should be barred from boxing and referred to the British Boxing Board of Control.”
The Campaign Against Antisemitism (CAA) is calling for the heavyweight champion to be barred from the sport after his latest “offensive and racist” remarks.
Spokesman Jonathan Sacerdoti said: “There should be no place for antisemitism in sport. He should be barred from boxing and referred to the British Boxing Board of Control.
“This is not his first offence, he specialises in outrageous offensive and racist slurs. Behaviour like this should prompt his sponsors to withdraw their backing.
“Britain does not tolerate or support racism. These specific anti-Semitic slurs are centuries old, and his use of them today in 2016 shows ignorance and malice.”
The group has made a complaint to the British Boxing Board of Control. The footage, which was posted on YouTube by SportsViewLondon, has been viewed more than 10,000 times.
Until quite recently, clothing from the Stevenson Overall Co. was kind of an urban legend; the Kentucky Fried Mouse of denim. Everyone knew about them but no one had seen a pair.
I was pretty excited to see that Stevenson would be showing their wares at Bread & Butter. I was even able to sit down with Zip Stevenson himself.
Zip's bond with denim started early.
At five years old he remembers wearing Oshkosh overalls. These continued to be his uniform until Jr. high school where he graduated to Levi's 501s. The 501s became his staple into his college years. He remembers shrinking a pair of 501's in the bath tub.
Toward the end of his time at college, he chanced upon a store in Santa Monica California. He was shocked to find that they were selling second-hand Levi 501s for more than a pair of brand-new jeans.
“That concept, it was really strange for me. Growing up second hand clothes were cheap – it was the new ones that were expensive. This was a reversal. It really fascinated me that this could be possible.”
All this took place in the early 90s. Customers then wanted heavy fades and second hand was the best way to get them.
Zip was hooked. He first worked for that company in Santa Monica for a year and later started his own retail shop. Through that store he would sell a lot of 501s including the rarer red line jeans from the late 70s to the early 80s. This brought him into the vintage world where he would sell jeans from the 30s, 40s and 50s. Being in the business eventually took him to Japan.
This Japanese market proved unsustainable however, simply due to the fact that these jeans became more and more expensive. A mint, 1950s pair of jeans could sell for as much as $3,000 wholesale. People just stopped buying them and the “denim rush” more or less subsided.
Zip's first foray into manufacturing was through remaking vintage belts 1994, and eventually establishing the Hollywood Trading Company in 2000.
The Hollywood Trading Company still exists and stays true to its initial concept; in Zip's words: “Very Rock n Roll, loud and crazy.”
When Stevenson Overall Co. was established it was an entirely different notion:
“It was the opposite side of the coin. Quiet, subtle, beautiful, simple and well made. This is the DNA of the Stevenson Overall brand”
Initially the brand started in the 1920s producing work wear. However, like so many companies at that time, it did not survive the Great Depression in the 30s. It was purely by chance that Zip found an old invoice from Stevenson Overalls. From that one piece of history he, along with his friend and partner Atsusuke Tagaya, revived the brand in 2005.
There was not a lot to go on. The smaller brands would use generic buttons with no markings or logos on them, as they were more cost effective. They would also reduce cost by using locally printed paper labels over the more expensive woven ones. After the first wash these would fall apart.
By pure chance, Zip and Atsu were walking around near Harujuku in Tokyo and, in what must be a million to one shot, they came across a pair of original Stevenson overalls from the 1920s; complete with the coveted private branded buttons. Naturally, they bought them. Having only a single example and no product catalogue has its advantages:
“That's one thing that's great about having our own brand without even a catalogue of the original stuff. We don't have anything to go by. Because of that, we don't have any restrictions. We could do whatever we wanted with it.”
And what they do is pretty special.
There are seven fits of jeans in total, the most popular being the Santa Rosa: a slim fitting jean with a mid to low rise, which incorporates some fantastic detailing.
The back pockets are what strike you first. Instead of trying to come up with an original design for an arcuate, Zip decided to play with the shape of the pocket itself giving them a shallow scallop at the top, a well executed reinterpretation of a workwear aesthetic. This scallop is also reflected in the belt loops and coin pocket. The detailing gives some fantastic results when the jeans are well worn; the fading process highlights these details giving you something truly unique.
Stevenson sources their denim from the Kuroki Mills in Japan. Indeed, all of the materials are manufactured and the garments constructed in Japan:
“All the garments, whether it's wovens, twills or flannels, is woven or knitted and then finally constructed in Japan.”
Having a good look over the full Stevenson Overalls Co. collection I can see that the fun they have and the authenticity is not simply restricted to the jeans. Each piece has something special in it; you recognise the ancestor but the garment is an entirely new piece unto itself.
Normally when you hear the real story behind an urban legend it losses a lot of its lustre. Over many recitals the tale has been embellished to such an extent that it has very little to do with the facts. I am delighted to say that this is not the case here. If anything the tale does not live up to the facts, this is something you have to see, have to touch and something you have to have.
All images courtesy of Mark Larner
In 2020, the Vuelta a Espana will almost certainly start in Utrecht, according to a report in Algemeen Dagblad. Initially, the Dutch city wanted the start in 2019, but it seems that the Spanish region of Levante will host the Spanish stage race that year.
The plans are carried out by the Business PelotonUtrecht, which also brought the Tour de France to the city in 2015. According to BPU Chairman Cor Jansen, the Vuelta hs indicated that the cathedral city can focus on its the start of the race in 2020. "The management has told us that it is basically up to us to design the Dutch part of the race," said Jansen.
Next week, the Business Peloton Utrecht will be present at the presentation of the 2017 Vuelta route where they will again speak with the organizers about a possible start.
If the Vuelta actually comes to Utrecht in 2020, three stages will take place in the Netherlands. The race will kick off on a Friday with a team time trial on the same course that was used for the 2015 Tour prologue. On the second day, there will be a ride stage start and finish in Utrecht after a passage through the province. On Sunday, the stage will also start in Utrecht and finish in Breda.
In 2020, the start of the Vuelta will not overlap with the Olympic Games in Tokyo.
"That gives us extra preparation time and then the series of grand tours in Utrecht is complete: the Giro d'Italia in 2010, the Tour de France in 2015 and the Vuelta in 2020," says Jansen. If the report is confired, Utrecht will be the first city to host all three grand tours.
You can tell you've really become a part of the national discourse when the New York Post writes a sensationalist story about you.
That's what happened to Instagram Friday morning, when the Post seized on numbers from AppData that showed the photo-sharing service had lost a quarter of its daily active users in the week since its Terms of Service debacle. But the data was misleading for so many reasons, it would make a good case study for a statistics class.
First of all, the Post article was cherry-picking numbers. AppData's record of Instagram's Daily Active Users plummeted from 16.4 million on December 19 to 12.4 million today. But the number of people who used Instagram in the last month actually rose in the same time period, from 42.5 million to 44 million.
You could just as easily write a story about the 1.5 million people who opened the app in the last week for the first time in December. Nate Silver would not be impressed with either piece.
It hardly bears pointing out that the period in question covered the Christmas holidays, when traffic is generally light across the web (though this is not always the case for apps). It does bear pointing out that AppData is only able to look at numbers from users who've connected their Facebook accounts to Instagram, which is by no means a plurality of its users.
And while AppData told the Post it was "pretty sure the decline was due to the terms of service announcement," that whole kerfuffle quietened down when co-founder Kevin Systrom made his apology on December 20.
No wonder Instagram was able to so confidently refute the story. Said a spokesperson: "This data is inaccurate. We continue to see strong and steady growth in both registered and active users of Instagram."
A Big Side Order of 'Yes, But'
All of that said, the Daily Active User statistic should still give the company pause — just as an abnormally high blood pressure reading means you should probably check in with your doctor, even if it is an outlier.
Yes, it's an incomplete picture of Instagram users. But it does cover 44 million out of 100 million total users, which is a pretty massive sample size in any statistician's book, especially when the sample contains no inherent bias. If pollsters had canvassed a random 44% of likely voters prior to the Presidential election, not even Mitt Romney would have been able to argue with their numbers.
Yes, it was Christmas. But shouldn't that mean more people want to take more pictures of more shiny things — presents, trees, relatives, food — with their phones, especially the new phones they found in their stockings? Instagram's Daily User figure actually rose over Thanksgiving, which only offered the relatives and the food.
Flickr's photo-sharing app saw a 100% gain in Monthly Active Users over the same Christmas period, according to AppData. To be sure, Flickr is starting from a lower base, and has the novelty factor on its side for now. (It's also offering a gift to users: 3 months of Flickr Pro for free.)
But Instagram should be concerned that dissatisfied users appear to be clustering around one particular alternative. As most tech industry veterans will tell you, in this business, it pays to be paranoid.
SEE ALSO: 5 Lessons from the Instagram Debacle
Systrom should be watching like a hawk for signs that his apology didn't cut it, or got lost in the noise — after all, it did land late on a Thursday night. In any case, just because he apologized on December 20 doesn't mean users have heard about it by December 25. Most of his 100 million users aren't paying as much attention as you, dear tech newsreader.
Many will have heard something second-hand or third-hand about a change in the privacy policy, something about selling photos to advertisers (which, for all Systrom's protests about user confusion, was precisely what the new terms of service would have allowed.) Some will have only heard about it the moment they gathered around the dinner table with relatives. Still others will have heard about the apology, but don't know whether to believe it.
Instagram's potential health problem, then, has nothing to do with statistics and everything to do with perception. The Terms of Service story went viral, but the apology didn't. The danger is that Instagram has been indelibly defined in the public mind by this story, and is on its way to becoming a butt of late-night jokes, a dinner-table meme — and yes, a whipping boy for the New York Post.
How can Instagram fight that perception and make up with disaffected users? Give us your take in the comments.
Image courtesy of iStockphoto, andrearoad
Brooklyn-based Sixpoint Brewery today announced the launch of "C.R.E.A.M." - which will be the first new 2016 Cycliquid offering from the Mad Scientists. Have you heard?"Duane Sorenson and I were eating oysters and drinking lots of beer one morning..." started Shane Welch, Sixpoint's Chief Mad Scientist, as he paused and looked down into an empty glass of beer. "And then we realized there was something missing from this feast." The marathon morning session already had played both sides of AC/DC'sandfrom Cypress Hill. But they had not dropped the Wu yet. "Coffee. Cream. Ale. It just flows - like the Hudson" remarked Welch.The C.R.E.A.M. will be available in 6-packs of 12 oz sleek cans, and also available on draft. Folks of questionable taste will most likely be carrying it, and drinking it by the quarter gallon. Expect no less.The C.R.E.A.M. is brewed with a blend of pilsner and two-row pale and crystal malts, and stored cool for an extended period of time, and blended with cold-brewed coffee from Stumptown Coffee Roasters. The result is a golden blonde ale with the unmistakeable aroma of Finca El Injerto."Craft Rules Everything Around Me" noted Welch.
ONLY ON KRON4: Rats invade 2 restaurants in Daly City strip mall Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Video
DALY CITY (KRON) -- A rat gave customers quite the scare at a restaurant in Daly City, and it was all caught on camera.
KRON4's J.R. Stone spoke to everyone on different sides of the issue on Tuesday night. It's a story you'll only see on KRON4.
J.R. talked with witnesses and restaurant owners who are defending their businesses.
The video shows a rat walking along the counter in a Daly City restaurant called Upside Down Burger.
The video has gone viral since it was posted on Saturday night.
"When I have first seen the rat, it's like anything, I jumped out of my body," said Robert Bell, who recorded the video. "I mean, seriously, I don't want to get bit by the thing, I mean, I'm a big guy, but that will take you down."
Bell says he was with his family eating what was a good burger when things took a turn.
"The lady, she jumps up, she is screaming, she's yelling, runs and says, 'I'm not eating here. I'm not eating here,' and she points towards the flower pot....We here the other lady, she drops her water jug, she screams, I'm like, 'What's going on?' Simultaneously, the wife looks at the plant and see the mouse, a rat."
Bell says his family ran out, but he stayed in the restaurant to get his refund and recorded video of the rat as he waited.
As for who's to blame for the rodent, that's to be determined, but the health department is now involved.
In two inspections since Saturday, Upside Down Burger has passed, so has the Domino's Pizza two doors down.
But that was not the case for House of Sisig, located right next door to Upside Down burger.
The San Mateo County Health Department has shut them down due to evidence of vermin infestation.
KRON4 asked the owner of House of Sisig, who did show KRON4 his restaurant being cleaned, if he is to blame.
The owner of House of Sisig said he didn't think the problems were coming from his restaurant and that it might be coming from all the restaurants.
The owner of Upside Down Burger disagrees, saying this isn't a building problem or attic problem, or the health department would have made sure everyone was closed.
The burger shop owner allowed KRON4 access to his restaurant Tuesday, saying he has nothing to hide.
He stores just a small amount of food in a small refrigerated area under the grills, even going so far as showing KRON4 his contract with a cleaning company that comes every night.
Bell says he doesn't know what happened, why it happened, but says people need to be aware.
"The thought of mice rats roaming around throughout the day, I can only imagine what happens at night and where they're going," Bell said. "Just that thought had my stomach turning."
China Turns it Up Another Notch
Here it comes, slowly but surely: “We sincerely hope the U.S. fiscal deficit will be reduced, year after year,” China's Assistant Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao said overnight after talks with Treasury Secretary Geithner. Could he lay it out any more clearly than this? “The Chinese government is a responsible government, and first and foremost our responsibility is the Chinese people, so of course we are concerned about the security of the Chinese assets.”
The Chinese now own over $801 billion in U.S. debt, nearly double their holdings at the start of 2007 and by far the world's largest stash of American paper.
“We are committed,” responded Tim Geithner, “to taking measures to maintaining greater personal saving and to reducing the federal deficit to a sustainable level by 2013.” We have no idea what he might mean by that… the CBO still projects a $1.8 trillion budget deficit this year, $1.4 trillion next year, $984 billion in 2011 and $633 billion by the end of 2012. That makes the Bush administration look like penny pinchers, and is certainly not even in the realm of “sustainable.”
The U.S. government issued another $42 billion in 2-year notes today, the first of this week's record $115 billion debt issuance.
“Debt is the story of today's economy,” says Chris Mayer, echoing a theme of this year's Investment Symposium. “There is still too much of it. Yet the mainstream view seems to be that more of same is the elixir to see us out of this bust. In fact, debt issuances by governments are hitting new records.
“The U.S. government is spending money hand over fist. That's not new. The U.S. is hoping more foolish foreign central banks will line up and absorb the deluge for pitiful interest rates. The 2-year note sells for a yield of 1.1%.
“Maybe Washington will pull it off. But one day, people are going to demand a better rate to take the government's paper. At some point, the market's appetite for puny yields will go away. When that happens, interest rates will rise significantly and debt prices will crash. It's not a matter of if, only when. To continue at this pace is clearly unsustainable.
“The crazy thing is that the U.S. government is not alone. Emerging markets are also issuing record levels of bonds. The Financial Times reports this morning that ‘the surge in issuance this year [hit] its highest point since records began in 1962.' The biggest issuers include China, Brazil, Russia, South Korea and some of the Gulf states.
“Incredibly, most seem to look at these debt issuances as positives for the global economy. The FT, for instance, opined (in the middle of its news story) that the debt sales were ‘an encouraging sign for the world economy.'
“It's a weird paradigm that thinks growing debt levels are a good thing for the global economy, but it is a mainstream view. Economists, lost in their models and abstract curves, preach the benefits of stimulus — printing money and spending and borrowing. And people seem to eat this up.”
Remedy Entertainment has revealed that the Alan Wake project is now an Xbox 360 exclusive - as the PC version has been shelved indefinitely.
This follows comments from the game's lead writer Sam Lake that the team is "fully concentrated on the Xbox 360 version".
A Remedy spokesperson has since confirmed to Digital Spy that the firm is "currently working exclusively" on Alan Wake for the console and that any decision on a potential PC version now rests solely with publisher Microsoft Games.
"Our PC plans are currently open [and] therefore a joint PC/Xbox launch is not possible at this late stage," said the representative.
"Remedy has a deep heritage in PC gaming and we would love to see a PC version available for our PC followers. Ultimately, however, this is a decision that lies with our publisher."
Read our interview with Remedy's Oskari Häkkinen on all things Alan Wake this Sunday.
The Army War College revoked Montana Democratic Sen. John Walsh's master's degree Friday, almost three months after a report indicated he had plagiarized portions of a paper while enrolled as a student.
“Though I disagree with the findings made by the War College, I accept its decision with great humility and respect for the U.S. Military,” Walsh said in a statement. “I apologize to all Montanans for the plagiarism in my 2007 paper, and I am prepared to live with its consequences. I may not be a scholar but I am proud to have been a soldier who has served Montana and this great nation for 33 years in uniform.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“As Montanans choose their next U.S. Senator over the next few weeks, I will continue proudly serving this state through the end of this term,” added Walsh, who isn't seeking reelection. “I look forward to fighting for veterans and their families. I look forward to doing all we can for the small businesses that call our state home. I will keep fighting for the freedom of choice and equal pay for women, and for access to our public lands.”
Walsh dropped out of his race for another term in August. Montana Republican Rep. Steve Daines is favored to succeed him in the conservative state.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
A federal court on Tuesday ordered North Carolina to hold a special legislative election next year after 28 state House and Senate districts are redrawn to comply with a gerrymandering ruling.
U.S. District Court judges earlier this year threw out the current legislative district map, ruling that 28 of them were unconstitutional racial gerrymanders. They allowed the 2016 election to continue under the old maps, but ordered legislators to draw new districts in 2017.
Tuesday's order settled the question of whether the new districts would take effect for the regularly scheduled 2018 election cycle, or if a special election would be required.
“While special elections have costs, those costs pale in comparison to the injury caused by allowing citizens to continue to be represented by legislators elected pursuant to a racial gerrymander,” the three-judge panel wrote in the order.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News & Observer
“The court recognizes that special elections typically do not have the same level of voter turnout as regularly scheduled elections, but it appears that a special election here could be held at the same time as many municipal elections, which should increase turnout and reduce costs.”
The order gives legislators a March 15 deadline to draw new district maps. Every legislator whose district is altered will have their current term shortened.
A primary would be held in late August or early September – the legislature is responsible for setting the exact date – with the general election in November, the order says.
Republican legislators who oversee redistricting blasted the decision in a news release Tuesday evening.
“This politically-motivated decision, which would effectively undo the will of millions of North Carolinians just days after they cast their ballots, is a gross overreach that blatantly disregards the constitutional guarantee for voters to duly elect their legislators to biennial terms,” Rep. David Lewis and Sen. Bob Rucho said in the release, adding that they have already appealed the original U.S. District Court ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court.
If the Supreme Court hears the case and overturns the ruling, the special election would be canceled and current districts restored for the 2018 election.
The Southern Coalition for Social Justice, which represented plaintiffs in the redistricting lawsuit, praised Tuesday's order.
“North Carolinians deserve fair representation in the state legislature, and that is impossible to achieve with racially gerrymandered districts,” executive director Anita Earls said in a news release. “A special election in the affected districts in 2017 is the best way to protect the rights of all North Carolinians.”
SHARE COPY LINK William J. Brian, Jr., chairman of the Durham Board of Elections, discusses the board's decision Friday to deny a petition from Thomas Stark, counsel for the N.C. GOP, calling for a hand recount of ballots from the November election.
SHARE COPY LINK Francis De Luca, president of the conservative Civitas Institute, explains why his organization has filed a lawsuit challenging votes cast using same-day registration.
It's a huge day for climate policy. Last night, United States and China announced a joint plan to limit greenhouse gas emissions: the US will cut its emissions by over a quarter beneath 2005 levels by 2025, while China pledges to stop emissions growth by 2030. This is a big deal — it breaks the stalemate that had been holding up international climate negotiations.
This is significant for the effort against climate change and for US foreign policy, but there's another issue for which it matters a great deal: global poverty. This new agreement with China, together with Obama's plan announced in June to regulate emissions from existing power plants at home, might be Obama's greatest contribution to the fight against global poverty. Climate change is bad for everyone. But it's particularly bad for the world's poorest people.
Climate change hurts the global poor the most
Standard and Poor's, the credit rating company, published a report in May assessing the risk each country faces from climate change. You'll notice the more vulnerable (redder) countries cluster in Asia and Africa, while the better off (greener) countries are almost all in North America or Europe:
The cost to the developing world of unmitigated climate change will be staggering. Assume the globe warms by about four degrees celsius, which is easily possible absent major emissions reductions. Those notorious hippies at the World Bank suggest that this could lead to massive increases in disease, extreme storms, droughts, and flooding. The effects will be so massive, according to the bank's President Jim Kim, that they could roll back "decades of development gains and force tens of more millions of people to live in poverty."
This isn't theoretical: we're already seeing the harm climate change is doing to the global poor. The World Health Organization estimates that 150,000 people are killed by climate change's effects annually — a number that's obviously going to rise significantly as the earth heats up. That's about 3/4 the total death toll of the Syrian civil war — every year. And once again, poor countries are hit by far the hardest:
See those dark red splotches in south-central Africa? That's climate change's toll on some of the world's least advantaged countries, right now.
The big causes of climate inequality: geography and poverty
There are basically two reasons why poor countries have it so rough: geography and poverty. Most of the red countries on the S&P map lie near the equator, where climate change-caused storms, flooding, and droughts will be more intense.
Poverty makes these effects much worse. You'll notice, for instance, that Indonesia is red on the S&P map while Australia, its much wealthier neighbor, is green. Poor countries tend to have more poorly constructed homes, fewer resources for emergency response and relocation after sea level rise, and weaker health care systems ill-equipped to deal with increased rates of tropical disease. Imagine Hurricane Katrina levels of flooding in a city like Dhaka, Bangladesh — home to 15 million people.
Actually, we don't need to imagine: we know from "normal" extreme-weather events that poor countries have it the roughest. From 1980-2007, only 15 percent of hurricanes, typhoons, and the like happened in low-income countries, but 68 percent of people killed by these storms died in poorer nations.
For these reasons, a group of the world's 49 poorest countries are already lobbying wealthier nations — which are responsible for a disproportionate share of carbon emissions — to commit to tighter emissions standards at a 2015 summit in Paris.
Why American and Chinese action is such a big deal for international poverty
Obama's June regulations on power plants were America's unilateral contribution to that effort. 17 percent of the world's emissions come from the United States. The regulations are designed to cut that number significantly, ideally reducing the United States to 17 percent below its 2005 target.
Wealthy countries have done a pretty poor job addressing climate change as an inequality issue
This will cost the United States some money, though it's not clear how much. One way to think about this is a transfer payment: America, a rich country, is spending to try to save the world's poorest from the worst effects of climate change.
Again, warming is pretty bad for everyone, so the regulations aren't totally altruistic. But the world's poorest will be hurt the most, and they're the people who can least afford to be hurt. The global gap in wealth is unimaginably large. To put it in some perspective: the poorest five percent of Americans have higher per-capita incomes than 68 percent of the world.
So far, wealthy countries have done a pretty poor job addressing climate change as an inequality issue. Rich countries promised $100 billion per year to help poor countries deal with the consequences of global warming, but most of that money hasn't materialized. This is doubly infuriating for leaders of poor countries, as the global rich got that way by using technologies that created the climate crisis in the first place. The same carbon-powered economic growth fuelled Western colonialism.
That's why the real goal of any climate regulation is to effect global change — and why the new China announcement is such a big deal. China and the United States are the world's two largest emitters: it would be impossible to get a handle on climate change without serious action on their parts.
The current deal isn't enough to avert catastrophic change on its own. But it does break an impasse between the US and China, where each major power was a bit skeptical of any international deal on climate change unless the other committed first. The bilateral agreement not only shows that America and China can cooperate on climate change, but also lays the groundwork for future, more far-reaching negotiations.
That includes a full international deal. Throughout 2015, the international community is conducting talks to create a new global plan to reduce emissions and tackle climate change. Lack of agreement between the US and China could have hamstrung the talks — and it still could. But the new agreement shows real commitment by the leading emitters to tackle climate change, indicating that US-China competition may not be as much of a barrier as previously thought. It also signals to the rest of the international community that negotiations are worth taking seriously.
So the US-China agreement will build global support for a campaign against one of the most important causes of global poverty and inequality. That's the big-picture story behind yesterday's move. The biggest question going forward is whether it'll work.
Amy Lamé, 45-year-old broadcaster and comedian, has made a name for herself in London's LGBTQ nightlife scene for being an outspoken trailblazer. A New Jersey native who moved to the U.K. at 21, she began her career in the mid-'90s with one-woman shows like Gay Man Trapped In A Lesbian's Body and Cum Manifesto. For the past 21 years, she's also run a raucous weekly club night named Duckie at The Royal Vauxhall Tavern, London's oldest LGBTQ pub. Her candor extends to her left-wing politics, too: she was the ceremonial mayor of Camden in 2010, she stood (unsuccessfully) as a Labour party candidate in 2014, and, the following year, she launched an ongoing campaign to save the Royal Vauxhall Tavern from being renovated into apartments by property developers.
All of these things suggest that Lamé should make an excellent Night Czar — a role she was given in November 2016, by new London mayor Sadiq Khan, who promised during his campaign to tackle the problem of London nightclubs closing at an alarming rate. (London has lost about 35% of its music venues since 2007.) Lamé's role was modeled after similar “night mayors” in Amsterdam and Paris, who protect the nightlife economies of their cities by mediating between nighttime businesses, residents, and authorities.
For some, Lamé's outspokenness raised concerns about whether or not she was suited for the role. After her appointment, a small scandal erupted over some old, Conservative-bashing tweets. But in her new position, she actually comes across as somewhat more muted than in her activist past. At Nocturnal City, a panel about London and Berlin nightlife, held at London's Somerset House in March, Lamé was warm and entertaining, but played safe when it came to difficult subjects. This was especially clear when an audience member asked the panel about the differences between London and Berlin's approach to drug policing. Lutz Leichsenring, press officer for Berlin's Club Commission, spoke about the importance of education and safety. When it was the turn of Lamé to talk, she clutched her mic and said nothing. After a few long seconds of silence, the panel ended.
ADVERTISEMENT
Drug policy does not fall directly within Lamé's remit, but it is an issue that has a direct impact on the nightlife economy. In September 2016, techno superclub Fabric temporarily lost its license when two teenage boys died after taking ecstasy at the venue. Lamé's hesitance, on the panel, to speak on issues that lie outside of City Hall's comfort zone raised a couple questions: what powers do she have, and how does her bold, boundary-breaking character fit into this new public official role?
Ahead of the Somerset House event, The FADER sat down with Lamé, who spoke effusively about how she hopes to preserve London's marginalized spaces.
The 2013 Scion Rock Fest took place yesterday in Tennessee and here's a fucking great story from the event! You all know how much I love Vektor right?! Well evidently during the Municipal Waste set yesterday, Dave from Vektor was arrested for throwing a beer at Christian protesters at the event! Now he is, not only the frontman to one of my favorite bands, but he is now a HERO! Here's a hilarious update with photo from the Municipal Waste Facebook Page, “This is Dave from Vektor. He got locked up for throwing a beer on a christian protester at our gig last night. If you see this man buy him a beer. He seems to have lost one.” AWESOME!
Here's the NEW update from the band: “Alright alright alright. As many of you know it was an intriguing evening in Memphis after the show itself (which did rule, thanks to you all, by the way). We'd like to clarify a bit though, the blurb going around is sounding a bit misleading. 1. “Threw a beer” does not mean “chucked a glass bottle”, or even a can/cup. (allegedly) beer was splashed out of a plastic cup, no violence. 2. He's not locked away or anything, only a misdemeanor… We are getting a well needed chuckle from all the FREE DAVE/FREE VEKTOR stuff though. Even though you guys have put a somewhat positive spin on it, it was a stressful ordeal for everyone involved last night, and all before an early morning flight. He is safe and sound though.
We are still missing details, as none of the 3 of us actually saw what happened and haven't been able to communicate with him whatsoever since. Thanks for your amusing support, nothing remotely like this has ever happened to him (or us) so we're kind of dizzy. Pretty absurd, but not the end of the world or anything. We probably shouldn't say much more yet, and we have yet to see if or how this will affect things. It is unfortunate, but what's done is done and hopefully the consequences are as mild as the (alleged) act.”
Johannesburg – English will be the only language of record in South African courts, Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng said on Friday.
"Nobody is saying South Africans are not permitted to speak in their mother tongue in a court of law," Mogoeng told reporters at the office of the chief justice in Midrand.
"We are just saying, to facilitate efficiency and a smooth running of the court system, we would do well according to our experience... We [should] have everything that is said in a particular case captured in one language that is understood by all the judges - and that language is English," he said.
The decision was made during a two-day meeting held by the heads of courts, under the chairmanship of Mogoeng.
Mogoeng said that poor people who had little resources and wanted to take their matters to the appeal court would have to exhaust their resources paying for their records to be translated.
Not all appeal judges understood all 11 official languages, he added.
"We are alive to the reality that language is a very emotive issue. When you don't allow people to communicate in their mother tongue, they feel disempowered," Mogoeng said.
He said they had not arrived at the decision lightly, but had felt that what went into the records should be in English.
"We are here to ensure that there is access to justice for all South Africans… If you are going to insist on changes that require additional resources, we will be more than happy to embrace that."
On Tuesday, AfriForum and several academics wrote an open letter to Mogoeng, questioning the decision announced in the Sunday Times of April 15, 2017, that English would be the only language of record in courts.
They believed that the decision was one-sided and did not support the country's multilingual nature.
AfriForum said it lobbied for all the official languages, particularly Afrikaans.
*This story has been amended to reflect that the open letter was not written by AfriForum alone.
Oulfa Hamrounni reads the Koran with daughters Taysin and Aya. Her older daughters, Rahma and Ghofran, are held by a Libyan militia, which captured them after they had joined the Islamic State and married fighters who were later killed. (Lorenzo Tugnoli/For The Washington Post)
In a small box in her bedroom, Oulfa Hamrounni keeps the photo she treasures most. It shows one of her daughters, brown hair flowing, a smile on her round face. The photo was taken before the girl and her sister left home to join the Islamic State's affiliate in Libya.
Today, Hamrounni is struggling to bring her teenage daughters back to Tunisia. She's also trying to prevent two others from joining them.
“I am afraid for my younger daughters,” she said. “They still have the same ideology of my older daughters.”
The younger ones are 11 and 13.
Hundreds of foreign female Islamist militants, including many Westerners, have journeyed to the battlegrounds of Syria and Iraq to begin new lives under the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Now, there are signs that they are being encouraged to travel to Libya as well, signifying a shift in the strategy of the terrorist network as it faces growing threats and constraints to its operations in the Middle East.
Before she and her sister became radicalized, Rahma played the guitar. She and Ghofran often wore T-shirts and mingled with boys in cafes, and neither wore headscarves, their mother said. (Lorenzo Tugnoli/For The Washington Post)
[How a British citizen became one of the most notorious members of ISIS]
Most radicalized women and girls join the Islamic State to marry fighters and bear their children, which helps the group's arm in Libya build a state, mirroring the strategy in Syria, experts who monitor jihadist activity have said. The creation of family structures deepens the Islamic State's reach and ideology in its territory, which makes it more difficult for Western and regional governments to eradicate the militants and defuse their threat in North Africa.
“Official propaganda showcases Libya as the new frontier of the self-proclaimed caliphate,” said Melanie Smith, a researcher with the London-based Institute for Strategic Dialogue, which focuses on violent extremism. “Hence the encouragement of foreign females signifies a need to consolidate the land they have managed to acquire.”
When he announced the “caliphate” in 2014, Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi specifically invited women alongside male engineers, doctors, lawyers and architects, signifying that the women's “primary responsibility is to physically build and populate territory,” Smith said. As wives, their role is to be dutiful and obedient to their militant husbands. As mothers, they nurture the next generation of fighters. Some women also have combat duties.
[The Islamic State's horrifying practice of sex slavery, explained]
Rahma, 17, became the wife of Noureddine Chouchane, a senior Tunisian Islamic State commander thought to have been killed in a U.S. airstrike on the Libyan city of Sabratha on Feb 19. Her 18-year-old sister, Ghofran, was married to an Islamic State militant who was killed after the attack. Six months ago, she gave birth.
Both sisters are now in the custody of an anti-Islamic State militia in Tripoli, the Libyan capital.
On a recent day, their mother sat in her small rented house in Mornag, a gritty town 15 miles south of Tunis. In front of her was the photo of Rahma.
“They used to be the opposite of this,” she said in a low, resigned voice.
From T-shirts to niqabs
The sisters loved hard-rock music.
Rahma played the guitar. She and Ghofran often wore T-shirts and mingled with boys in cafes. They eschewed the headscarves favored by many Muslim women, their mother said.
But their family life was troubled. Their father struggled to find work and often came home drunk, Hamrounni said. In 2011, the couple divorced, and he disappeared.
By then, Tunisia was in the midst of its Arab Spring revolution. With the toppling of dictator Zine ­el-Abidine Ben Ali and the new openness that followed, religious extremists made inroads with disaffected youths frustrated by the lack of jobs and opportunities. One group set up an Islamic education camp across the street from Hamrounni's home in the central city of Sousse.
From a loudspeaker, the imam implored young people to give up their Western influences, warning of catastrophic consequences.
First Ghofran joined the camp, then Rahma.
“I was happy that my daughters were respecting Islam,” Hamrounni recalled.
They began wearing the niqab — a black veil with an opening for the eyes. They stopped watching television, save for religious programs. They avoided shaking hands with males. They urged their two younger sisters to leave school because it was secular and taught by “nonbelievers.”
One day, Rahma threw her guitar and CDs into the trash. Western music was now taboo. On another day, the sisters tossed out their hard-rock T-shirts. They burned pictures of themselves playing music, the ones with their faces uncovered.
All except the photo their mother keeps in her box.
‘By then, I had lost control'
More than 700 Tunisian women have joined the Islamic State and other militant groups in Syria and Iraq, according to the nation's Ministry of Women. Badra Gaaloul, a researcher with the Tunis-based International Center of Strategic, Security and Military Studies, estimates that there are more than 1,000 female foreign Islamist militants in Libya, including 300 Tunisians. Others are from Sudan, Syria, Egypt and Morocco, as well as Western European nations.
[Are female foreign militants victims or criminals?]
“They serve as wives, mothers, as religious instructors to teach the laws of the Islamic State,” Gaaloul said. “They also police areas and train to be fighters and suicide bombers.”
Researchers are noticing efforts on social media to lure more female militants to the Libyan coastal city of Sirte, which the Islamic State seized in the chaos that has followed the death of Libyan dictator Moammar Gaddafi in October 2011. In tweets, monitored last fall by the Institute for Strategic Dialogue, female jihadists urged followers to head to Libya, noting that routes from Turkey into Syria were blocked.
“How many brothers & sisters rn in Turkey cannot go back home, and cannot enter in . . . Make your visa and go to #IS in #Libya,” wrote an extremist named “Zawjah Shahid,” Arabic for “martyr's wife.”
By 2014, Rahma and Ghofran were attending ceremonies celebrating the martyrdom of Tunisian jihadists killed in Syria. Through social media and websites, they learned about the armed groups fighting there. They put black Islamic State flags in their bedrooms.
“By then, I had lost control of my daughters,” Hamrounni said.
They also began to radicalize their younger sisters, Taysin and Aya. They bought a toy Kalashnikov rifle and showed them how to operate it. They showed them videos of how the Islamic State trains children to use weapons.
[One woman helped the mastermind of the Paris attacks. The other turned him in.]
“We used to watch how they taught children to become snipers,” said 11-year-old Taysin.
“They always told me to join ISIS and go into the field and fight,” said 13-year-old Aya.
In late 2014, Hamrounni crossed the border with her family to the Libyan city of Zawiyah to find work. The war's violence had not reached there.
Within weeks, Ghofran had fled the house. Two days later, the family returned to Tunisia. Hamrounni restricted Rahma's movements, but that didn't stop her aspirations.
Last summer, she vanished, too.
‘We have to fight'
In Libya, while her sister was the dutiful wife of a militant, Rahma trained in weapons. Her mother thinks she was in Sabratha with other Tunisian extremists to launch an attack in the country. After the U.S. airstrike, the sisters were captured.
In a phone interview, Ahmed Omran, a spokesman for the Libyan militia, acknowledged that the girls were in its custody but declined to comment further.
Hamrounni has appeared on national television, chastising the Tunisian government for not doing more to get her daughters released, even though she is aware they would be thrown in jail. Tunisia's Interior Ministry did not respond to calls and emails seeking comment.
Hamrounni no longer allows her two younger daughters to access Facebook. She doesn't let them speak to their older sisters the rare times they call.
“I am not with the Islamic State now,” said Taysin, a precocious girl dressed in pink with a black headscarf.
But as the conversation flowed, it became apparent that she still felt some sympathy for the militants' ideology.
“The nonbelievers, they have to be killed,” Taysin said. “The nonbelievers are trying to beat Islam. We have to fight them.”
Next to her, a doll lay on a shelf. Taysin had named her Rahma.
When asked how she felt about her older sisters joining the Islamic State in Libya, she answered, “They did the right thing.”
Read more:
Islamic State, growing stronger in Libya, sets its sights on fragile neighbor Tunisia
The war against the Islamic State hits hurdles just as the U.S. military gears up
How the Syrian revolt went so horribly, tragically wrong
As I noted a year and a half ago, the constraint propagation pass in SBCL can slow compilation down a lot (lp#394206, lp#792363). To a large extent, I feel like that issue has been fixed in HEAD, but the lack of documentation on that pass made progress slower than it could have been. So, this post is a half-organised version of my notes, before I forget it all.
1 What constraint propagation does
The constraint propagation pass is executed as part of the IR1 optimisation loop, which operates on Lisp-level basic blocks. It's only concerned with propagating information between “real” variables (LAMBDA-VARiable), variables that have a name and can be set and referred to multiple times, as opposed to temporaries (LVARs).
The distinction is useful because there are (usually) much fewer full-blown variables than temporaries, and only the former directly benefit from exploiting previously executed type checks and predicates to deduct information (flow sensitivity).
Instead of handling all the operation found in basic blocks, constraint propagation only consider a few key operations, and otherwise exploits the type information previously derived in a bottom-up manner (i.e. propagating the types of arguments to result types) by the other IR1 passes. The latter, inversely, only have access to the results of constraint propagation through the type derived for each REFerence to a lambda-var.
So, constraint propagation goes through each basic block, updating its state (set of known true constraints) when it encounters BIND nodes (LET bindings, more or less), references to a lambda-var, CAST nodes ([usually] checked type assertions), CSET nodes (assignment), or branches on a few key predicates (EQL, <, > or TYPEP, mostly).
As would be expected, the state at the end of each basic block is propagated to its successors, join points take the intersection of their precedessors' states, and entry points are initialised with empty states... and this is all executed iteratively until convergence.
2 What constraint propagation isn't
It feels a lot like an abstract interpretation algorithm. However, a major difference is that constraint propagation doesn't converge on the least fixed point. Take the following trivial example:
CL-USER> (lambda () (let ((x 0.0)) (dotimes (i 10 x) (setf x (/ x 2.0))))) #<FUNCTION (LAMBDA ()) {10048E20C9}> CL-USER> (sb-kernel:%simple-fun-type *) (FUNCTION NIL (VALUES NUMBER &OPTIONAL))
It's obvious to us that X will always be a single float. Unfortunately, while SBCL's type analyses converge to a fixed point, they're not always seeded with an underapproximation of the least fixed point.
When there are assignments to a variable, the type of that variable is initialised with its declared type (T if none), and, after that initial type has been used to derive the type of the values that could be assigned to it, the union of these types is taken (and of the initially bound value). In the example above, the return type of (/ [T] [single-float]) is NUMBER . Once we have an over-approximation of the least fixed point, we shouldn't expect to tighten it back much.
In a proper abstract interpretation pass, X would be initialised with the bottom type or the singleton type (EQL 0.0) (or some approximation thereof), and iteratively widened with the derived type of the division and of its initialisation value, up to convergence. That would easily deduce that X is always 0.0, or, at least, a single-float.
It's also not like any SSA variant. Yes, Continuation-passing Style is equivalent to Static single assignment form. One key part of that equivalence is that both styles rename variables at join points (via arguments to the continuation or phi functions). IR1 does mention continuations, but these continuations don't perform the essential renaming of variables. That is the very reason why we have to use constraint sets to represent what we know about a variable's contents at a given program point.
3 How constraint propagation does it
3.1 Constraints
At the heart of the pass are constraint sets (CONSETs) that are updated as the analysis walks through a basic block. Each constraint in a conset represent a small fact that is known to be true about a given lambda-var: that its contents are (or are not) of a certain type, are greater or less than values of a given type, EQL to a constant, or EQL to another variable.
As a pun, EQL constraint can also link a lambda-var and an lvar: as combinations (function calls) work with lvars, these special constraints are used to translate information about a combination's arguments to information about lambda-vars (which is what constraint propagation handles).
EQL constraints are special. When two variables are EQL, it's essential for good performance to extend that EQLness to all the variables that are EQL to either of them (i.e. compute the transitive closure of the EQL relation). This is useful because, when something is true of a variable (e.g. it's TYPEP FIXNUM), it's also true of all the variables EQL to it.
However, we only do that for one of the operands in a non-EQL constraint between variables, and not at all for EQL constraints involving constants (overly eager constant propagation can hurt since our codegen doesn't handle repeated references to constraints that well) or lvars (these aren't really constraints, but rather pure bookkeeping information punned as constraints).
3.2 Propagation
To begin propagation, entry points are initialised with empty constraint sets (we know nothing about the inputs), and the consets are updated by walking down the basic blocks in execution order, in CONSTRAINT-PROPAGATE-IN-BLOCK:
BIND nodes represent things like LET bindings. If we have a useful (more precise than T) type for the bound value, the new variable is (currently) of that type. Also, if the bound value is a lambda-var's current value, then the newly introduced variable is EQL to it.
REF nodes are references to a lambda-var. The LVAR that receives that value is EQL to the lambda-var. Additionally, if we're on the last iteration, it's useful to store all that we know about the referenced variable at that program point for other IR1 passes to exploit.
CAST nodes are type checks. If the check fails, execution will not continue, so we can simply assume that the check is successful, and propagate the type to the lambda-var at the end of the chain of casts (if any).
CSET nodes represent assignments. The most important thing to do is forget all that is known about the assigned variable at that program point: after the assignment, it's bound to a brand-new value. Still, before that, if we want a lot of propagation, it's useful to propagate some information that's always true of that variable to EQL nodes. For now, it only makes sense to propagate the fact that, if the assigned variable is known to always be of a given type, all the variables that are currently EQL to it are also of that type. Then, as with bind nodes, it's useful sense to add type constraints from the new value, and to add EQL constraints if applicable.
Finally, if the block ends with a conditional branch, it's useful to look at the predicate guiding the branch to propagate different constraints to the consequent and alternative successors.
If the predicate is simply a reference to a variable, then it's known to be NIL in the alternative, and something else in the consequent.
If it's a function call, only a few functions are interpreted:
TYPEP-like functions result in constraints to the effect that a given lambda-var is or is not of a given type.
EQ and EQL result in additional EQL constraints (between variables, or to a constant) in the consequent, and the reverse constraints (not EQL) in the alternative
< and > are used to derive tighter bounds on numeric types. However, we do not track relationships between variables (except for EQLity and non-EQLity), and only note that a given variable is less or greater than a value of some type.
A few other type predicates also result in TYPEP constraints, when specially marked for the compiler.
Once a basic block has been constraint propagated through, the information is used by its successors. Basic blocks are processed in such an order that at least one of its predecessors have been propagated through before itself. The analysis is run with an initial conset made of the intersection of the consets (that have already been computed) at the end of its predecessors, taking care to use the right one if some predecessor ends in a conditional branch (COMPUTE-BLOCK-IN). And, that's repeated on blocks for which the initial conset might have changed until we hit a fixed point.
Once that's done, we're only interested in storing all the flow-sensitive information we have about each variable in the relevant REFerences to it. So, constraint propagation is executed one last time (otherwise we only have the consets at the beginning and end of each basic block), and, when a ref node is encountered, the set of constraints related to the referenced variables is extracted and converted into a type, in CONSTRAIN-REF-TYPE.
4 What's been and what could be done
We currently represent consets as bitsets. Without too much surprise, the only operation that is horrible with bitsets is iterating through the members of a given set. Fortunately, we only used this in a few functions, and it seems like bitsets are still the best option, when supplemented with a few indices.
The heaviest timesink was FIND-CONSTRAINT: constraints are hash-consed so that equivalent constraints are always EQ. It used to be we'd perform a linear search over the set of constraints associated with a given variable to find constraints. We now use hash tables in each variable to speed the search up.
The other major slowdowns were related to functions that need to iterate through the intersection of the current set of constraints and certain subsets of the constraints associated with a given variable (e.g. all the EQL constraints for a given variable in the current constraint set). Instead of iterating through the intersection of two bitvectors, we represent each subset of the constraints associated with each variable as vectors of constraints (the hash-consing step already ensures there won't be any duplicate). Now, we only have to iterate through these vectors and check for membership in a bitset.
These simple changes are enough to bring compile times for a couple test cases down from hundreds of seconds to a few seconds or less.
Ten more bison released in Romania's Tarcu Mountains
WWF Romania and Rewilding Europe have brought a new heard of ten European bison in Romania's Tarcu Mountains, in the Southern Carpathians area, this June.
The bison come from three reservations in Germany and Belgium and are the first ten of at least 100 animals to be released in the Southern Carpathians in the next five years. Once they adapt to the new ecosystem, the bison will be released into the wild and live in Romania's Southern Carpathians.
A total of 20 bison are currently living in Tarcu Mountains. WWF Romania and Rewilding Europe started in 2013 a project under which they aim to repopulate the Southern Carpathians with this special species of bison. In cooperation with local authorities and the community in Armenis and Fenes – the villages near the area to be repopulated, two bison releases have taken place in the Tarcu Mountains so far, with the first one taking place in 2014.
After about a month, once they get used to the new environment, the ten new bison will be released into an area of 150 hectares where they are expected to regain their wild instincts and form a heard. Once the WWF-Rewilding experts see that they are strong enough to survive on their own, the ten bison will join the other 20 animals already living in the Tarcu Mountains Natura 2000 site, which covers 59,000 hectares.
Other such events are to take place for at least five more years, part of the LIFE “Urgent actions for the recovery of European bison populations in Romania” (LIFE Bison) project financed by the European Commission through the LIFE programme. Moreover, in May this year, Rewilding Europe and WWF Romania took the first steps towards establishing a bison breeding center at Hunedoara Zoo, Romania.
Within the LIFE Bison project, Rewilding Europe and WWF Romania aim to create a viable wild population of at least 193 bison by 2020, which could grow to 300 animals by 2024.
Tarcu Mountains in Romania to host herd of 20 European bison brought by Rewilding Europe
Irina Popescu, irina.popescu@romania-insider.com
(Photo credit: Frans Schepers, Oana Mondoc)
nsp
About Node Security
Node Security helps you keep your node applications secure. With Node Security you can:
Make use of the CLI tool to help identify known vulnerabilities in your own projects.
Get access to Node Security news and information from the ^lift team.
Installing the CLI (nsp)
To install the Node Security command line tool: npm install -g nsp
Then run nsp --help to find out more.
Filter and threshold
The results of the check command may be altered based on either a filter or threshold .
--filter : hide all vulnerabilities below the given CVSS score
: hide all vulnerabilities below the given CVSS score --threshold : display all vulnerabilities, but only exit with an error code if at least one finding has a CVSS score above the given value
Exit codes
The CLI tool exits with the following codes to signify state
0: command ran with success
1: command run was 'check', was successful, but returned vulnerabilities outside of the threshold or filter
2: command received a server error (5xx)
3: unknown error
4: there was an error in the output reporter
Output Reporters
You can adjust how the client outputs findings by specifying one of the following built in reporters:
table
summary
json
codeclimate
minimal
Example: nsp check --reporter summary
Additionally, you can use third-party reporter. The packages of custom reporters must adhere to the naming scheme nsp-reporter-<name> and can then be referenced by that name:
$ npm install -g nsp nsp-reporter-checkstyle $ nsp check --reporter checkstyle
Please note that in case of naming conflicts built-in reporters (as listed above) take precedence. For instance, nsp-reporter-json would never be used since nsp ships with a json formatter.
Creating a reporter
A custom reporter should be a module named with the prefix nsp-reporter- , it must export two functions at minimum error and success .
The error function accepts two arguments, (err, args) where err is an Error object representing the failure that occurred during whatever command may have been run, and args is an object representing all of the command line arguments that were passed to the CLI at run time.
The success function also accepts two arguments (result, args) where args is the same CLI arguments and result is an object with these three properties:
message : a string summary of the command's result
: a string summary of the command's result data : the actual result of the command, the shape of this parameter varies for each command
: the actual result of the command, the shape of this parameter varies for each command meta : detailed information from behind the scenes (response headers, etc)
In addition to the top level success and error functions, specific handlers may be specified for each command that the CLI tool handles. For example
exports . error = function ( err , args ) { } ; exports . success = function ( result , args ) { } ; exports . check = { } ; exports . check . success = function ( result , args ) { } ;
Any of these functions may return a Promise if they perform any asynchronous actions to guarantee that they complete before the process exits. If the returned Promise rejects, the error handler will also be called with the result of the rejected Promise.
Input Preprocessors
You may also alter a project's package.json , npm-shrinkwrap.json and/or package-lock.json by using an input preprocessor.
The default, built in, preprocessor simply reads these files and returns their JSON parsed content as-is. You can use a third party preprocessor like so: nsp check --preprocessor example which, much like third party reporters would attempt to require the module nsp-preprocessor-example . If the given preprocessor is not found, the default will be used.
Creating a preprocessor
A custom preprocessor should be a module named with the prefix nsp-preprocessor- . It must export an object where each property is the name of a command executable by the nsp script. The value of each of these properties must be a function that accepts a single argument args which represents the command line arguments passed at execution time, it must return a promise modifying or extending the args object.
Example:
module . exports = { check : function ( args ) { return Object . assign ( args , { pkg , shrinkwrap , packagelock } ) ; } } ;
Exceptions
The Node Security CLI supports adding exceptions. These are advisories that you have evaluated and personally deemed unimportant for your project.
There are two ways to leverage this capability, online or offline. To use online exceptions, register your project on our online portal. From there you can manage your exceptions from a central location.
In order to inform the CLI tool that it should use these settings, you'll have to create a settings file (and login if your project is private). You'll need both the organization name and the UUID for your project, these can be retrieved from the URL from our portal. For example, if your project is hapi and your project URL is https://nodesecurity.io/orgs/hapi/projects/2a6e5642-b7a1-4b93-b8fb-21c1a5043f42 then your organization name is hapi and your project UUID is 2a6e5642-b7a1-4b93-b8fb-21c1a5043f42 .
Using that information, create a .nsprc file with the following content:
{ " org " : " hapi " , " integration " : " 2a6e5642-b7a1-4b93-b8fb-21c1a5043f42 " }
When you next run nsp check your exceptions will be retrieved from online. If your project is a private one, you will additionally need to run npm login which will create another .nsprc file in your home directory with an authentication token that will allow the CLI tool to look up your settings.
For offline exceptions, create a .nsprc file in the root of your project with content like the following:
{ " exceptions " : [ " https://nodesecurity.io/advisories/12 " ] }
The URLs used in the array should match the advisory link that the CLI reports. With this in place, you will no longer receive warnings about any advisories in the exceptions array.
Be careful using this feature. If you add code later that is impacted by an excluded advisory, Node Security has no way of knowing. Keep a careful eye on your exceptions.
.nsprc is read using rc, so it supports comments using json-strip-comments.
Proxy Support
The Node Security CLI has proxy support by using https-proxy-agent.
To configure the proxy set the proxy key in your .nsprc file. This can be put in the root of your project or in your home directory.
{ " proxy " : " http://127.0.0.1:8080 " }
The CLI tool will also automatically detect your proxy if it is exported to the environment as HTTP_PROXY or HTTPS_PROXY .
Offline mode
Run nsp gather to save advisories.json locally, then nsp check --offline or nsp check --offline --advisories /path/to/advisories.json
Code Climate Node Security Engine
codeclimate-nodesecurity is a Code Climate engine that wraps the Node Security CLI. You can run it on your command line using the Code Climate CLI, or Code Climate's hosted analysis platform.
Note that this engine only works if your code has a npm-shrinkwrap.json or package-lock.json file committed.
Testing
First, build this repo with docker
git clone git@github.com:nodesecurity/nsp cd nsp docker build -t codeclimate/codeclimate-nodesecurity .
Install the codeclimate CLI
brew tap codeclimate/formulae brew install codeclimate
Go into your project's directory and enable codeclimate
codeclimate init
Then edit .codeclimate.yml to add the engine like so
- -- engines : nodesecurity : enabled : true exclude_paths : []
And finally run it
codeclimate analyze --dev
Suggesting Changes to Advisories
Should you come across data in an advisory that you feel is wrong or is a false positive please let us know at report@nodesecurity.io. We endeavor to make this process better in the future, however this is the best place to resolve these issues at the present.
Contact
Node Security (+) is brought to you by ^lift security.
License
Copyright (c) 2016 by ^Lift Security Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Note: the above text describes the license for the code located in this repository only. Usage of this tool or the API this tool accesses implies acceptance of our terms of service.
SAN DIEGO - Police are investigating an online threat of violence to San Diego's LGBT community which read, “You're next.”
The post was found in the men-seeking-men section of the Craigslist San Diego personal ads. Though screenshots were captured, the post was eventually flagged and removed.
The post is titled, “We need more Orlando's (sic).” It is accompanied by a photo of a hand firing a revolver with a bullet coming out of the barrel.
The post read: “Orlando was long overdue. Cleanse your community of the filth that gives decent gay men and women a bad name. Those people were walking diseases, bug chasers, and thank god for AIDS and 9-11 and now Orlando. San Diego you are next…”
The screenshot has been passed on to the San Diego Police Department and the FBI.
SDPD Lt. Scott Wahl said the department will investigate the post. Wahl emphasized that police have had extra officers on patrol in places where people gather in the wake of the Orlando shooting.
FBI Special Agent Darrell Foxworth said the FBI will assist the SDPD with the investigation if need be. Foxworth added that, as of Tuesday night, there were no known specifics and credible threats against San Diego.
Related:
A Special note: To ISIS: This is my mind and my body, not yours. I will get high and fornicate as much as I want. FYI There really are better ways to get laid. You don't need to blow yourself up, regardless what they tell you, there won't be 27 virgins waiting for you. Try working for a living like the rest of us, you lazy worthless bastards!
Is there a point at which frothing at the mouth and screaming mere conjecture is “fact” makes it so?
Confidence trickster Keith Olbermann, formerly of MSNBC and now at GQ where he produces similar videos, seems to believe there is.
In this crazed rant he posted around 20 times to his Twitter timeline, Olbermann said if Trump is allowed to become president “January 20th will not be an inauguration but rather the end of the United States as an independent country.”
He went on to say President-elect Donald Trump is “not a president” but instead a “puppet put in power by Vladimir Putin.”
“Those who ignore these elemental, existential facts — Democrats or Republicans — are traitors to this country and will immediately and forever after be held accountable,” he said.
There is no hard evidence of any kind Russia was behind the DNC/Podesta hacks, nor the imaginary “RNC hack” which never happened.
Incidentally, back in October — when Olbermann assumed Hillary Clinton was going to win the election — he told Trump to “burn in hell” for suggesting the election could be rigged.
“It shakes every one of our freedoms, it mocks every dead American soldier, it spits in every sacrifice made under our flag,” he said at the time.
I guess Keith Olbermann now hates every last dead American soldier and wants to spit on their graves, either that or he believes those words no longer hold weight now that Trump won.
WATCH: Alex Jones sends an emergency message to Donald Trump that he must fight back against accusations of Russian involvement in our elections.
Viewpoints Usable Security: How to Get It
Photograph by Ian Lloyd
Computer security today is in bad shape: people worry about it a lot and spend a good deal of money on it, but most systems are insecure. Security is not about perfection. In principle we can make secure software and set it up correctly, but in practice we can't, for two reasons:
Bugs: Secure systems are complicated, hence imperfect. Of course software always has bugs, but even worse, security must be set up: user accounts and passwords, access control on resources, and trust relationships between organizations. In a world of legacy systems, networked computers, mobile code, and changing relationships between organizations, setup is error-prone.
Secure systems are complicated, hence imperfect. Of course software always has bugs, but even worse, security must be set up: user accounts and passwords, access control on resources, and trust relationships between organizations. In a world of legacy systems, networked computers, mobile code, and changing relationships between organizations, setup is error-prone. Conflicts: Even more important, security gets in the way of other things you want. In the words of General B.W. Chidlaw, "If you want security, you must be prepared for inconvenience."a For users and administrators, security adds hassle and blocks progress. For software developers, it interferes with features and with time to market.
To make things worse, security is fractal: Each part is as complex as the whole, and there are always more things to worry about. Security experts always have a plausible scenario that demands a new option, and a plausible threat that demands a new defense. There's no resting place on the road to perfection.
Security is really about risk management: balancing the loss from breaches against the costs of security. Unfortunately, both are difficult to measure. Loss is the chance of security breaches times the expense of dealing with them. Cost is partly in dollars budgeted for firewalls, software, and help desks but mostly in the time users spend typing and resetting passwords, responding to warnings, finding workarounds so they can do their jobs, and so forth. Usually all of these factors are unknown, and people seldom even try to estimate them.
More broadly, security is about economics.2 Users, administrators, organizations, and vendors respond to the incentives they perceive. Users just want to get their work done; they don't have good reasons to value security, and view it as a burden. If it's hard or opaque, they will ignore it or work around it; given today's poor usability they are probably doing the right thing. If you force them, less useful work will get done.1 Tight security usually leads first to paralysis and then to weak security, which no one complains about until there is a crisis.
Administrators want to prevent obvious security breaches, and avoid blame if something does go wrong. Organizations want to manage their risk sensibly, but because they don't know the important parameters they can't make good decisions or explain their policies to users, and tend to oscillate between too much security and too little. They don't measure the cost of the time users spend on security and therefore don't demand usable security. Vendors thus have no incentive to supply it; a vendor's main goal is to avoid bad publicity.
Operationally, security is about policy and isolation. Policy is the statement of what behavior is allowed: for example, only particular users can approve expense reports for their direct reports or only certain programs should run. Isolation ensures the policy is always applied. Usability is pretty bad for both.
Back to Top
Policy
Policy is what users and administrators see and set. The main reason we don't have usable security is that users don't have a model of security they can understand. Without such a model, the users' view of security is just a matter of learning which buttons to push in some annoying dialog boxes, and it's not surprising they don't take it seriously and can't remember what to do. The most common user model today is "Say OK to any question about security."
What do we want from a user model?
It has to be simple (with room for elaboration on demand).
It has to minimize hassle for the user, at least most of the time.
It has to be true (given some assumptions). It is just as real as the system's code; terms like "user illusion" make as much sense as saying that bytes in RAM are an illusion over the reality of electrons in silicon.
It does not have to reflect the implementation directly, although it does have to map to things the code can deal with.
An example of a successful user model is the desktop, folders, and files of today's client operating systems. Although there is no formal standard for this model, it is clear enough that users can easily move among PC, Macintosh, and Unix systems.
The standard technical model for security is the access control model shown in the figure, in which isolation ensures there is no way to get to objects except through channels guarded by policy, which decides what things agents (principals) are allowed to do with objects (resources). Authentication identifies the principal, authorization protects the resource, and auditing records what happens; these are the gold standard for security.3 Recovery is not shown; it fixes damaged data by some kind of undo, such as restoring an old version.
In most systems the implementation follows this model closely, but it is not very useful for ordinary people: they take isolation for granted, and they don't think in terms of objects or resources. We need models that are good for users, and that can be compiled into access control policy on the underlying objects.
A user model for security deals with policy and history. It has a vocabulary of objects and actions (nouns and verbs) for talking about what happens. History is what did happen; it's needed for recovering from past problems and learning how to prevent future ones. Policy is what should happen, in the form of some general rules plus a few exceptions. The policy must be small enough that you can easily look at all of it.
Today, we have no adequate user models for security and no clear idea of how to get them. There's not even agreement on whether we can elicit models from what users already know, or need to invent and promote new ones. It will take the combined efforts of security experts, economists, and cognitive scientists to make progress. Here are a few tentative examples of what might work.
You need to know who can do what to which things. "Who" is a particular person, a group of people like your Facebook friends, anyone with some attribute like "over 13," or any program with some attribute like "approved by Microsoft IT." "What" is an action like read or write. "Which" is everything in a particular place like your public folder, or everything labeled medical stuff (implying that data can be labeled). An administrator also needs declarative policy like, "Any account's owner can transfer cash out."
A time machine lets you recover from damage to your data: you can see what the state was at midnight on any previous day. You can't change the past, but you can copy things from there to the current state just as you can copy things from a backup disk.
Back to Top
Isolation
Perfect isolation ensures that the only way for an input to reach an object is through a channel controlled by policy. Isolation fails when an input has an effect that is not controlled by policy; this is a bug. Some common bugs today are buffer overruns, cross-site scripting, and SQL code injection. Executable inputs like machine instructions or JavaScript are obviously dangerous, but modern HTML is so complex and expressive that there are many ways to trick a browser into running code, and widely used programs with simple inputs like JPEG have had buffer overruns. A modern client OS, together with the many applications that run on it, is bound to have security bugs.
Users can't evaluate these dangers. The only sure way to avoid the effects of dangerous inputs is to reject them. A computer that is not connected to any network rejects all inputs, and is probably secure enough for most purposes. Unfortunately, it isn't very useful. A more plausible approach has two components:
Divide inputs into safe ones, handled by software that you trust to be bug-free (that is, to enforce security policy), and dangerous ones, for which you lack such confidence. Vanilla ANSI text files are probably safe and unfiltered HTML is dangerous; cases in between require judgments that balance risk against inconvenience.
Accept dangerous inputs only from sources that are accountable enough, that is, that can be punished if they misbehave. Then if the input turns out to be harmful, you can take appropriate revenge on its source.
Back to Top
Accountability
People think that security in the real world is based on locks. In fact, real-world security depends mainly on deterrence, and hence on the possibility of punishment. The reason your house is not burgled is not that the burglar can't get through the lock on the front door; rather, it's that the chance of getting caught and sent to jail, while small, is large enough to make burglary uneconomic.
It is difficult to deter attacks on a computer connected to the Internet because it is difficult to find the bad guys. The way to fix this is to communicate only with parties that are accountable, that you can punish. There are many different punishments: money fines, ostracism from some community, firing, jail, and other options. Often it is enough if you can undo an action; this is the financial system's main tool for security.
Some punishments require identifying the responsible party in the physical world, but others do not. For example, to deter spam, reject email unless it is signed by someone you know or comes with "optional postage" in the form of a link certified by a third party you trust, such as Amazon or the U.S. Postal Service; if you click the link, the sender contributes a dollar to a charity.
The most common user model today is "Say OK to any question about security."
The choice of safe inputs and the choice of accountable sources are both made by your system, not by any centralized authority. These choices will often depend on information from third parties about identity, reputation, and so forth, but which parties to trust is also your choice. All trust is local.
To be practical, accountability needs an ecosystem that makes it easy for senders to become accountable and for receivers to demand it. If there are just two parties they can get to know each other in person and exchange signing keys. Because this doesn't scale, we also need third parties that can certify identities or attributes, as they do to-day for cryptographic keys. This need not hurt anonymity unduly, since the third parties can preserve it except when there is trouble, or accept bonds posted in anonymous cash.
This scheme is a form of access control: you accept input from me only if I am accountable. There is a big practical difference, though, because accountability is for punishment or undo. Auditing is crucial, to establish a chain of evidence, but very permissive access control is OK because you can deal with misbehavior after the fact rather than preventing it up front.
Back to Top
Freedom
The obvious problem with accountability is that you often want to communicate with parties you don't know much about, such as unknown vendors or gambling sites. To reconcile accountability with the freedom to go anywhere on the Internet, you need two (or more) separate machines: a green machine that demands accountability, and a red one that does not.
On the green machine you keep important things, such as personal, family and work data, backup files, and so forth. It needs automated management to handle the details of accountability for software and Web sites, but you choose the manager and decide how high to set the bar: like your house, or like a bank vault. Of course the green machine is not perfectly secureno practical machine can bebut it is far more secure than what you have today.
On the red machine you live wild and free. You don't put anything there that you really care about keeping secret or really don't want to lose. If anything goes wrong, you reset the red machine to some known state.
This scheme has significant unsolved problems. Virtual machines can keep green isolated from red, though there are details to work out. However, we don't know how to give the user some control over the flow of information between green and red without losing too much security.
Back to Top
Conclusion
Things are so bad for usable security that we need to give up on perfection and focus on essentials. The root cause of the problem is economics: we don't know the costs either of getting security or of not having it, so users quite rationally don't care much about it. Therefore, vendors have no incentive to make security usable.
To fix this we need to measure the cost of security, and especially the time users spend on it. We need simple models of security that users can understand. To make systems trustworthy we need accountability, and to preserve freedom we need to separate green and red machines that protect things you really care about from the wild Internet.
Back to Top
References 1. Adams, A. and Sasse, A. Users are not the enemy. Commun. ACM 42, 12 (Dec. 1999), 4146. 2. Anderson, R. Economics and Security Resource Page; http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rja14/econsec.html 3. Lampson, B. Practical principles for computer security. In Software System Reliability and Security, Broy et al., Eds., IOS Press, 2007, 151195.
Back to Top
Author Butler Lampson ([email protected]) is a Technical Fellow at Microsoft Research and is an ACM Fellow.
Back to Top
Back to Top
Figures. Standard technical security access control model.
Back to top
Copyright held by author.
The Digital Library is published by the Association for Computing Machinery. Copyright © 2009 ACM, Inc.
No entries found
Where - 681 Sydney Rd, Brunswick VIC 3056
Price - $19 (small), $24 (large)
Website - http://edinburghcastle.net.au
Reviewers – Al, Bearder, Grace, Janet, Lee, Nikki, Matt, Tony
The Edinburgh Castle is one of those pubs that I've always thought never got a fair shake. We visited back in 2012, and although it was our 102nd review the review team for the night was inexplicably infiltrated by a bunch of prosciutto-haters that brought the Castle's final score down.
There is no room for prosciutto hate in a person's life. It took a few years to shake them, but we have ditched those horrible people and once again headed to the Edinburgh Castle to see if their parma holds up (or has even improved) after 5 years.
The front bar of the Edinburgh Castle is as spacious as it is busy - Drawing in an eclectic array of patrons from all walks of life. Mums with prams toast their drinks with hipsters and senior citizens - It's a true menagerie, but its a great atmosphere and a hell of a lot of fun.
Photo
An unusual structure has gone up on Canal Street in Manhattan.
Its walls are translucent.
The words “Talk” and “Here,” in giant letters formed by milk crates, greet visitors.
This is the Talking Transition Tent, a forum for New Yorkers to voice their views to the incoming mayoral administration of Bill de Blasio.
It's the work of a coalition of organizations, including the Ford Foundation and the Open Society Foundations.
It will be open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. for the next week.
If you can't make it, here are some highlights.
On touchscreen tablets, you can rate your neighborhood on various issues.
The top two: affordable housing and taxes.
In the back is a stage for lectures and performances.
When we went, dancers in feather headdresses hopped against a backdrop of New York State immigration statistics.
The walls were being covered with hundreds of stickers, each expressing a citizen's wish for the city.
They included better schools, lower rent and higher wages. (Also: “Get the Jets a Real Quarterback.”)
“I'm going to be disappointed if the mayor doesn't do any of these things,” said Esmerlin De La Cruz, 15, from the Bronx, who wished for more trees.
“I don't care if it's mine, but he better do at least one of these things.”
Here's what else you need to know for Friday and the weekend.
WEATHER
Welcome back, unseasonably warm weather. Sunny today, with a high of 60.
But the weekend looks partly dreary, with rain likely by Sunday night.
COMMUTE
Subways: Click for latest status.
Rails: Click for L.I.R.R., Metro-North or New Jersey Transit status.
Roads: Click for traffic map or radio report on the 1s.
Alternate-side parking is in effect.
Weekend Travel Hassles: Click for subway disruptions or list of street closings.
COMING UP TODAY
• Elected officials and labor groups gather at 9 a.m. outside City Hall to promote a bill that would create a database tracking Hurricane Sandy aid.
• Senator Charles E. Schumer and Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan ask Washington to grant temporary immigration relief to Filipinos in the country, at St. Patrick's Cathedral at 1:30 p.m.
• Opening day for the McCarren Park ice rink in Greenpoint-Williamsburg. Pat Kiernan of NY1 cuts the ribbon! 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. [$8, plus $5 to rent skates]
• A tribute to the Nigerian novelist Chinua Achebe at the U.N., with music, films and recollections from family and friends. 1:30 to 2:30 p.m. [Free, click to RSVP]
• A show of Richard Corman's 1983 photographs of Madonna, shot all over downtown, opens at Milk Gallery on West 15th Street. [Free]
• A celebration of all things Serge Gainsbourg, with a duo performing his songs, at Coucou Brooklyn in Williamsburg. 8 p.m. [Free]
• Your chance to see the world's third-ranked soccer team, Argentina, take on Ecuador in a World Cup warmup at MetLife Stadium. 8 p.m. [$35 and up] (Not Saturday, as we mistakenly wrote earlier.)
• Film festivals galore: DOC NYC continues at IFC Center and the School of Visual Arts.
• The weekend-long Dénouement Film Festival of international shorts at DCTV studios in Chinatown. [$15]
• The Best Film Not Playing at a Theater Near You series at MOMA picks highlights from the festival circuit that are not in theaters yet.
• Eyeworks brings experimental animation to Pioneer Works in Red Hook. 5 p.m. and 8 p.m. [$10 today, $15 Saturday]
IN THE NEWS
• A study by the state attorney general found that stop-and-frisk encounters led to conviction only 3 percent of the time. [Bloomberg News, via Crain's]
• The city's first taxi medallion auction in five years set a record for the highest bid ever: $2.5 million for two medallions. [New York Times]
• Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly had some unkind words for Mr. de Blasio and other Democrats who oppose his stop-and-frisk policies. [Playboy, via Daily News]
• There's no service this weekend on much of the L subway line. [Gothamist]
• A pitcher known for his beard refused to sign with the Yankees after being told he would have to shave. [CBS New York]
• A woman convicted of stalking Alec Baldwin was sentenced to six months behind bars. [New York Times]
• A fortuneteller in Manhattan got a heftier sentence: 5 to 15 years in prison [New York Times]
• A Brooklyn man set a record for the largest collection of pizza boxes. [Gothamist]
• Scoreboard: Rockets roar past Knicks, 109-106. Kings sink Islanders, 3-2.
THE WEEKEND
Saturday
• A party celebrates the opening of two more chunks of Brooklyn Bridge Park. 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. [Free]
• Tiny trains begin their annual slither around replicas of New York landmarks crafted from nuts, bark and leaves at the New York Botanical Garden. [$20 for adults, $10 for kids].
• Young writers from Africa talk and read from their work at the main Brooklyn Public Library. 4 p.m. [Free]
Sunday
• Browse the woodlands for burdock root, sassafras and ginkgo (if you dare) on a tour through Prospect Park. 11:45 a.m. [Free, $20 suggested donation]
• A new opera based on Edith Wharton's “The Age of Innocence” at Christ and St. Stephen's Church on the Upper West Side. 3 p.m. [Free]
• The Greenwich Village Orchestra brings out the Brahms, Tchaikovsky, and more, at the Washington Irving Auditorium. 3 p.m. [$15 suggested donation]
• For more events, see The New York Times Arts & Entertainment guide.
AND FINALLY…
Most poisons were discovered the hard way.
Say, by an explorer who ate the wrong fish guts.
You may go easy on yourself, and simply attend the Power of Poison, which opens Saturday at the American Museum of Natural History.
Common poisons you may encounter in the city include mango peels.
It's also good to steer clear of “Love Stone,” a supposed aphrodisiac from toad venom that has caused a number of deaths here over the years.
The museum is also offering a course on “which chemicals, and at what dosages, influence brain function and when we are most vulnerable to ‘poisoning' ourselves.”
Enjoy responsibly.
Joseph Burgess and Andy Newman contributed reporting.
New York Today is a morning roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till about noon.
What would you like to see here to start your day? Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday.
Find us on weekdays at nytoday.com.
The site of the shooting.
The cordoned-off scene outside the Ashburton Work and Income office.
The scene outside the Ashburton Work and Income office.
The scene outside the Ashburton Work and Income office.
Police near the scene of the shooting cordon off a separate area.
A cordoned-off scene outside the Ashburton Work and Income office, where two people were killed in a shooting.
A cordoned-off scene outside the Ashburton Work and Income office, where two people were killed in a shooting.
Police at the corner of Cass and Tancred Streets in Ashburton.
A bike lies abandoned on the road near the spot where Russell John Tully was arrested.
Armed police enter a property after a call from a farmer as they search for Russell John Tully.
Armed police prepare to enter a property in Willow St, Ashburton, as they hunt for Russell John Tully after the shooting at the town's Work and Income office.
Armed police used a helicopter to hunt for Russell John Tully in the Ashburton area.
Russell John Tully has been charged with two counts of murder, and one of attempted murder.
Russell John Tully was sleeping in his van until he had to sell it.
Russell John Tully, 48, is accused of murdering two Ashburton women in the town's Work and Income office, and attempting to kill a third.
Police have arrested a man in connection with a double fatal shooting in Ashburton after a tip-off from a farmer.
They had been searching for Russell John Tully, 48, since the shooting at a Work and Income office in the town this morning.
Tully was found on a rural property south east of Ashburton.
He was brought down by police dogs and sustained dog bites. Police are still searching for the weapon, thought to be a sawn off shotgun.
He was brought back to the Ashburton police station for a medical examination. No charges have yet been laid.
Police found him on the property after two sightings. They sent a helicopter and dog patrol to the area and found Tully.
''This is a huge relief,'' Superintendent Gary Knowles said.
Farmer Dan White, 33, said he was in his ute on his way to move a mob of sheep when he was confronted with the alleged gunman walking toward him through a paddock.
"My heart leapt out of my chest," White said this evening at his property on Terrace Rd, south of Ashburton.
"He knew I'd seen him, and I knew I'd seen him, but I just didn't make a big deal out of it,'' he said of the incident which happened about 2.45pm.
"I just carried on as if I didn't know what was going on, called the police straight away and was talking to them as I drove off down the road."
Police cordoned the area and arrested Tully about 5.30pm. His bike could be seen lying on the road next to a gate which appeared to have been rammed open.
White suspected the alleged gunman had been hiding in a hedge.
Asked how he knew it was the gunman, White said he'd Googled the shooting at lunchtime so "I knew what I was looking for".
"I've been looking over my shoulder all day.
"How many people come walking through your property dressed in camo gear? He was wearing a green shirt ... had a woolly hat on and he was carrying his bike.
"He had a backpack on and he fitted the description. [He looked] just like a guy who'd been hunting," he said, although he did not see any weapon.
Police had thanked him for alerting them about the alleged gunman.
Police had launched a search after a shooting that killed two and injured a third at the Ashburton Work and Income Office on the corner of Cass and Moore streets.
A balaclava-clad man carrying a sawn-off shotgun entered the office and fired several shots before fleeing on a bike.
Police warned the public to stay indoors and to not approach the man. Schools were also put in lockdown.
Earlier armed police stormed an empty Ashburton property during their search.
They had surrounded the Willow St property just before 2.30pm and yelled at the occupants to come out.
After entering the house about 3pm, police called out: "It's all clear."
Paul Meek, 54, watched the police storm the property from his nearby home.
"All of a sudden there were police everywhere," he said.
"They went in pretty quick."
Meek heard the explosion as police let off a smoke grenade, then bangs as police rammed the door.
"It was certainly a false alarm," he said.
Meek was nervous knowing there was "a gunman on the loose".
"It's not me I'm worried about, it's the poor people who have died. Hopefully they catch him soon."
Do you have more information? Email us at newstips@stuff.co.nz
TWO WOMEN SHOT
The Ashburton Guardian said a witness saw a man wearing a black balaclava enter and shoot two women, one of whom was interviewing him at the time.
The man believed they were both Work and Income staff members.
"It was incredibly loud, I could feel the air whoosh past my head," the man told the Guardian.
He followed the man outside.
"He must have broken the gun down because he put it in his backpack," the witness said.
A woman, also believed to be a staff member, ran out and shouted at them to call the police, before running into the nearby medical centre, the Guardian reported.
They said the man's bike had been chained up on a street corner.
He headed east on Moore Street, leaving his bike helmet on the street. A postie at a business across the road heard the man screaming and swearing as he left the building.
A TOWN UNDER SIEGE
Throughout the day, residents reacted to the police hunt. Some were escorted to cars by friends - too scared to venture onto the street alone.
Carol Ward and her daughter Sarah said they knew one of the women killed in this morning's shooting.
"She's a very nice lady - she's very firm in the job that she does. It's a loss to the welfare system," Carol Ward said.
"She's been in there many years."
The shooting brought back horrible memories of the murder of Kirsty Bentley.
"It's the helicopters," she said
"I'm actually quite shocked that it's happened here again," Sarah Ward said.
"It brought me to tears that some man could take it upon himself to take his revenge out on her. She's the type of person who you actually request to see."
Chalmers Ave resident Wayne Williams said this morning' events would rock the town to its core.
"He's homeless. Where did he get a shotgun from?" Williams said.
Some elderly residents on the street were too scared to come out of their houses.
He feared the gunman could emerge after dark and try to hide in people's sheds or garages.
"If they [the police] don't pick him up soon I don't think anyone along here will be sleeping tonight."
MAYOR 'WEAK AT THE KNEES'
Ashburton Distrcit Mayor Angus McKay said he felt "weak at the knees" when he heard what had happened.
He was unaware yet if he knew the the people killed.
"Ashburton is not this kind of town," he said.
WORK AND INCOME OFFICES CLOSE
Ministry of Social Development chief executive Brendan Boyle said all Canterbury Work and Income offices, including Timaru, have been closed until further notice following this morning's shooting.
SUE BRADFORD SLAMMED FOR TWEET
Former MP Sue Bradford has been slammed for using the Ashburton shooting, which left two dead and a third seriously injured, as an excuse for political "point scoring".
Shocking news coming in of Work & Income shooting: awful, but a risk when office becomes front for brutal policies http://t.co/kjjLCa8NLp — Sue Bradford (@suebr) August 31, 2014
She was immediately criticised with one person saying: "not something to be made into petty point scoring Sue. Especially when we don't know the circumstances."
At CNN's Democratic Town Hall, Bernie Sanders said that by keeping Guantanamo Bay open, "we look like hypocrites and fools to the entire world."
Sanders was asked what he would tell a voter in South Carolina concerned about Guantanamo Bay detainees possibly arriving in their state, and the senator from Vermont responded by saying "obviously if people are terrorists they need to be confined," but added that the United States has "locked up people in a way that is causing all kind of repercussions around the world. People say 'Oh, you're a Democratic society.' We have locked people in an island, and I think that has hurt us all over the world."
Sanders said that terrorists have to "stay in jail until whatever happens," but he agrees with President Obama's plan to shut Guantanamo down. "I think in the long run, it will help us significantly," he added. Catherine Garcia
HPD officer accused of offering sex to quash tickets
A Houston police officer is accused of telling two women, including an undercover HPD investigator, he would tear up their traffic tickets in exchange for sexual favors.
Officer Victor Chris, 37, has been charged with two counts of official oppression.
The investigation that led to the charges began in May when a woman filed a complaint about Chris with HPD's internal affairs division.
According to court records, the woman said she was driving along the 15200 block of Park Row when Chris signaled for her to pull over.
He wrote her several citations because she didn't have insurance and was driving with an expired registration and inspection sticker.
When he returned to the car, Chris allegedly asked if the woman would be interested in seeing him again.
He handed her the citations, then allowed the woman to drive away. About five minutes later, Chris allegedly called her from a blocked number.
He offered to stay away on her court date, which would have resulted in the tickets being thrown out, if she would "make it worth my while," according to the criminal complaint.
On Monday, Chris was the target of an internal affairs sting. He pulled over an undercover HPD officer along the 15300 block of Park Row.
He wrote her citations for driving without insurance and for having an expired registration form and invalid plates.
He let the undercover HPD officer go, then allegedly called her a few minutes later.
Chris "agreed to tear up the tickets if (the undercovr officer) had sexual intercourse with him," according to the complaint.
Chris was charged Thursday and later released after posting a combined $4,000 bail.
He was relieved of duty from his assignment with HPD's northwest patrol division. Chris has been with the department for about three years, officials said.
Comedian Aisling Bea
An Irish comedian has said she doesn't know many actors of her era who don't have a "Kevin Spacey story".
Aisling Bea made the comment after Spacey released a statement in which he apologised for any "inappropriate, drunken behaviour" with a 14-year-old in 1986.
"I don't know many actors from my era of drama school graduates who don't have a Kevin Spacey story," Bea wrote on Twitter. "The surprise is the lack of surprise."
She was asked to elaborate on whether she was talking about allegations like those against Spacey or stories specifically about Spacey.
"Specifically," she replied.
The double Oscar-winner has apologised to fellow actor Anthony Rapp, who said Spacey made a sexual advance towards him in 1986, when he was 14.
Spacey said in a post on Twitter on Sunday that he was "beyond horrified" to hear Rapp's story of the encounter, which he said he did not remember.
He wrote that he owed Rapp a "sincere apology" for what he said would have been "deeply inappropriate, drunken behaviour".
In an interview with BuzzFeed, Rapp described attending a party hosted by Spacey in which the actor picked him up, took him to a bed and lay down on top of him after other guests had left.
Rapp, who said he had the impression Spacey was drunk, pushed him away and left. Spacey (58), who has won acting Oscars for The Usual Suspects and American Beauty, also said Rapp's story had encouraged him to address "other things" in his life.
"I have loved and had rom- antic encounters with men throughout my life, and I now choose to live life as a gay man," he wrote.
"I want to deal with this honestly and openly," he said. "And that starts with me examining my own behaviour."
For years, the actor had declined to publicly discuss his sexuality.
Rapp, who went on to star in the musical Rent, was starting his career on Broadway at the time of the incident.
Seduce
"He was trying to seduce me," he told BuzzFeed of the encounter with Spacey.
"I don't know if I would have used that language, but I was aware that he was trying to get with me sexually."
Rapp said on Twitter that he had decided to come forward and tell his story, "standing on the shoulders of the many courageous women and men who have been speaking out, to shine a light and hopefully make a difference, as they have done for me".
Everything he wanted to say about the experience had been covered in the interview, Rapp tweeted, adding that he had no further comment to make.
Spacey, a Tony Award winner for Lost In Yonkers, stars in the political drama House Of Cards, although last night it emerged the Netflix show will finish at the end of its sixth season.
He was also artistic director of London's The Old Vic theatre company for 10 years.
Some people on social media were infuriated by Spacey's conflation of the incident and his coming out as gay.
Actor and writer Louise Brealey said: "Trying to hide behind coming out and offering drunkenness as an excuse for jumping on a child shows breathtaking arrogance."
Vanity Fair film critic Richard Lawson wrote: "The psychology of living in the closet was dark, cruel and self-punishing.
"That Spacey has dwelt in that for years is sad. But 14 is 14. The distance we've had to walk to get away from the notion that we're all paedophiles is significant.
"How dare you implicate us all in this."
Colm O'Gorman, Executive Director of Amnesty Ireland, also criticised Spacey's decision to bring his sexuality into his apology.
"The first thing to acknowledge is that this is an allegation of an attempted sexual assault of a 14-year-old boy going back some three decades, and right now it is that - an allegation," he said.
"There are elements of Kevin Spacey's statement where he appears to acknowledge that the allegation is credible.
Inexcusable
"First of all, what I feel that is rather inexcusable is he seems to somehow refute it by suggesting it was entirely drunken, inappropriate behaviour.
"Alcohol is not an excuse for either sexually assaulting or attempting to sexually assault anybody, let alone a 14-year-old child.
"When an adult man sexually assaults a 14-year-old girl or child, we don't immediately point out that person is heterosexual, nor would we in any way allow their sexual orientation to be used as an excuse for what is a very serious criminal act.
"Kevin Spacey's sexual orientation has nothing whatsoever to do with whether or not he sexually assaulted or attempted to sexually assault a child. Those are two separate issues."
Everything that's been happening to Jason Rezaian and his family over the past 15 months feels familiar.
Jason Rezaian is a journalist. I'm also a journalist.
Rezaian is from Marin County, Calif. My home is right next door in Oakland, Calif.
I was arrested in 2009 along with my two companions, Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal — while hiking somewhere near Iran's unmarked Western border. I was on vacation from my home in Damascus, Syria.
Rezaian was arrested on July 22, 2014. He is an Iranian-American who was working legally in Iran as the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
He was vaguely accused of some sort of espionage, with no evidence ever provided to the public to back that up. Guess what? My friends and I were also vaguely accused of some sort of espionage, with no evidence…
My friends and I did nothing wrong. Jason Rezaian has done nothing wrong.
Yet, we were all punished: held incommunicado by the Iranian government in arbitrary, solitary detention — myself for over 13 months, Rezaian for over 15 months now, and my friends for over two years.
So, yes, these cases fit a pattern — not just the arrest, dubious charges and the blatant illegality of imprisonment. It's also often the release that fits that pattern.
Last week Rezaian was found guilty in a closed court. It's not clear for what or for how long — but we do know that Rezaian was sentenced.
After more than two years in prison Shane, now my husband, and our friend Josh were released just two weeks after being convicted and sentenced to eight years for espionage.
In 2009 Roxana Saberi, another wrongfully convicted Iranian-American journalist, was held for over three months, given an eight-year sentence for espionage, then released less than a month later.
So the pattern goes: illegal arrest, allegations of espionage, lengthy, high-profile imprisonment, show trial, conviction, then “humanitarian” release.
Is the Iranian government gearing up for Rezaian's release?
The fact that the trial is nothing but political theater is good for Rezaian. The sentence itself means nothing. Yet there are many variables standing between him and his freedom.
For the Iranian government, imprisoning Americans provides an important kind of security, like money in the bank — a bargaining chip it can use as leverage or to assert pressure in any number of scenarios.
When a hostage has been held too long, he or she decreases in value. When the pressure on and condemnation of the Iranian government reaches a critical point, the hostages become more trouble than they are worth. That's how people get released.
For the Iranian government, the timing of a release of a political hostage is everything. I was released just days before President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad traveled to New York for the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA). My release was timed to soften the president's image in light of the rampant human rights condemnations against him. Shane and Josh were released a year later, again, right before the UNGA and right after Ramadan.
But the UNGA is over. Ramadan is over.
Even more importantly, a historic nuclear deal has completely changed the equation — a deal the Iranian government never would have signed on to if it wasn't ready for the decades-long stalemate between our governments to end.
Not even Congress or hardliners in Iran have been able to kill this deal.
So why is the Iranian government still holding Rezaian?
I feel certain that the nuclear deal bodes well for the four Americans held unjustly in Iran. I also think it creates less incentive for the Iranian government to use hostage-taking as a tactic in the future.
Yet the fact that Rezaian is still sitting in a jail cell reminds me that — though huge leaps have been made towards ending decades of animosity between our countries — this long, terrible chapter of U.S.-Iranian relations has not ended.
There are interests inside Iran that will do anything to stop this normalization from happening, and I wouldn't be surprised if those same forces are the ones blocking Rezaian's release.
While I was being held hostage I felt certain that my freedom — if and when it came — would be calibrated precisely in response to the temperature of unfolding U.S.-Iranian relations. My interrogators told me as much. The Omani negotiators that worked diligently on our case told me as much.
In 2013, this was confirmed publicly when the Associated Press reported that it was a series of secret talks between high-level U.S. and Iranian officials — facilitated and hosted by the Sultan of Oman — that paved the road for the historic agreement over Iran's nuclear program.
“Ironically,” said the AP report, “efforts to win the release of the three American hikers turned out to be instrumental in making the clandestine diplomacy possible.”
October 18 was “Adoption Day,” the day that both sides begin to fulfill their obligations under the nuclear deal.
According to the deal, Iran has to act first: showing good faith by removing centrifuges, reducing its stockpile of enriched uranium, destroying the core of the Arak reactor and expanding inspector access — all of which it hopes to do by December 2015.
Unfortunately, the U.S. government believes implementing these changes could take much longer. Under terms of the deal, Iran will not experience any sanction relief until “Implementation Day,” when signatories are satisfied that Iran has fulfilled its obligations.
It may not be until spring of 2016 before the Iranian people begin to see some economic benefit.
With parliamentary elections in February, President Hassan Rouhani can't afford to wait that long. He therefore has every incentive to cooperate in every way possible in order to hasten the arrival of “Implementation Day” — including softening Iran's image on human rights.
Rezaian, the most high-profile prisoner of the moment, is the obvious choice for a humanitarian release.
The question boils down to this: Does Rouhani have enough power to get this done? Or are his hands tied?
Ultimately, it's Iran's Supreme Leader who makes the decision for a hostage to be released. Ayatollah Khamenei is probably hearing from the hardliners that Iran should continue to hold Rezaian until the United States and world powers fulfill their end of the deal by lifting sanctions.
It's a perverse, cynical equation that has nothing to do with the suffering of an innocent man and his family.
Reading his writing, Rezaian seems like the kind of person who will come out of prison with compassionate, sensible things to say that we could all benefit from hearing.
It really is time to close this chapter on U.S.-Iranian relations; the quicker this deal is implemented, the sooner sanctions are lifted, the better.
I hope Rezaian's case is the last to fit this hateful “pattern.”
I hope this is the end of an era.
I don't know what moment the Iranian government will choose to free Jason Rezaian, but there could be no better moment than now.
1.1k SHARES Tweet
Advertisement
Once the house is constructed and the rooms are designed then they cannot be changed which is actually a dilemma, neither you can make it spacious , nor you can re-design it. But we do have a solution for that as well.So we welcome you to the world of being innovative, being different by designing your small places spacious enough to meet your needs. Most people wish that their kitchens were bigger and more spacious. Now this is possible!
All you need is to give a look at the following 15 life hacks that would surely upsize your kitchen.
15. Using a Pegboard for hanging Pots and Pans
Using a Pegboard is very helpful to free up the storage space, all you need is to hang the pans, pots even the spoons on a pegboard and vacant some storage space.
14. Install a Corner Cabinet
Use a Lazy Susan corner cabinet to upsize the storage places that are difficult to reach. Which is quite useful.
13. Making fake kitchen drawers useful
There are many so-called drawers in the kitchen, give them a purpose, make them useful by replacing them with a paper towel holder to save the counter space.
12. Bye Bye knife blocks!! because we have Knife Magnetic strips
Save your counter space by putting the knives block away and bringing this magnetic strip into your lives. Just attach your knife with the magnetic strip and vacate your counter space.
11. Innovative usage of wall space
Your kitchen might be small but do have walls. So use them along with your creativity and trust me it maximizes your counter space storage.
10. Place a built-in dish cabinet over the sink
Use it for putting dishes in it for the drying purpose and free up your counter space.
9. Add a pull-out cutting board in your tiny kitchen
Inserting this innovative addition to your little kitchen will help you a lot in cooking big meals.
8. Crockery on wheels.! using a storage cart
Vacant your cupboard and shift the cooking utensils in to the storage cart, which is useful as it is movable and can be easily wheel out of the kitchen for more space.
07. Using your fridge as as spice rack.
Free up some space from the cabinet and use the refrigerator's door as a spice rack. Innovative as well as useful.
06. Applying the cutting board over the sink.
This idea helps in utilizing the spaces and it is very useful while cooking big meals.
05. Hanging the basket with the help of command hooks at the cabinet placed under the sink
Using the cabinet doors for hanging baskets and utilizing them. This will maximize the storage space.
04. Utilizing the cabinet doors
The cabinet doors are always very useful for the hanging purposes e.g measuring cups, spoons and any other lighter stuffs.
03. Transforming the cabinet spaces into rolling shelves
Try to use every aspect of the place for easy access and for making it spacious.
2. Using a hanging bar for the storage of kitchen essentials
Hanging a bar is innovative and a useful idea as they are easily reachable, everything is in view and most important it frees up the space.
1. Install a wall mounted food dispenser
Now there is no need of making special space for the cereals, beans, lentils, rice etc All you need is a food dispenser which will help you in increasing the storage space.
Advertisement
EDIT 2: I made this painting available to purchase as a print! Check it out here!
Yeey finally put something out after quite some time.. sorry I haven't been able to get my hands on a computer lately sooo yeah..Haha.. I think this is probably one of the most detailed pieces i've done so far! Even though its still rough haha .-.I was really trying to render this piece quite a bit.. and make it really detailed... though I'm not too sure how well it that turned outAnyways I hope you guys like it, I think it turned out pretty okay!EnjoyEdit: So I recently realized that the wings didn't look to great haha.. so I took some time to re-do the wings! I think it looks much better this way
Deutsche Telekom CEO Tim Hoettges said that for all of T-Mobile's short-term gains in the United States, the company still needs greater scale in the U.S. to battle AT&T and Verizon.
“I was intrigued by the idea of having a combination with Sprint and being the ‘super-maverick' in the market,” Hoettges told Re/code in an interview on the sidelines of the DLD conference in Munich, Germany. “I hope that the political environment will change at one point in time.”
Sprint and Deutsche Telekom held talks last year over a combination, but the deal fell apart after it became clear that U.S. regulators would block any deal that reduced the number of players in the market from four to three.
Hoettges, though, argued that it is the concentration of wealth and spectrum by the two largest players that remains an obstacle to true competition. Hoettges said this is underscored by the huge bids–likely from AT&T and Verizon–made in the current spectrum auction.
“I'm worried about what has happened with this midband auction,” he said, adding that it is likely to further the gap between AT&T and Verizon from the far smaller T-Mobile and Sprint.
Despite the challenges, T-Mobile has done an impressive job of reasserting itself after years of subscriber losses, he said.
“We have done what we had to do,”Hoettges explained. “We had built an infrastructure and this infrastructure had to get utilized and we did that with very aggressive promotions.”
Hoettges praised the work of T-Mobile CEO John Legere, but acknowledged that his outspoken style probably wouldn't fly in Germany.
“His management style will never be adaptable to Germany,”Hoettges said, although he added that Legere's competitive nature and desire to win are very much in line with the company's culture. “I like people being disruptive… I like people who are brave. He is very much fitting to our DNA, how we want to be, even if he is very American in his approach.”
Longer term, Hoettges admitted that T-Mobile's current approach is not sustainable, especially given the need to invest between $4 billion and $5 billion each year just to keep up.
“The question is always the economics in the long term … and earning appropriate money,” Hoettges said. “You have to earn your money back at one point in time.”
Miami's Duke Johnson and Brad Kaaya had big seasons in 2014. (Photo11: Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports)
College football bowl season gets underway Saturday and this year we're treated to a total of 39 games, including the the national championship.
Every day this week, we're counting down the bowl games ranked by watchability. We recommend you watch every game – because it's you know, college football – but let this be your unofficial guide to the postseason.
PREVIOUSLY: No. 38-No. 30 | No. 29-No. 22
Today's edition takes us into some of the more intriguing games, featuring multiple matchups between high-profile programs, impact freshmen and at least one contest that may make the scoreboard explode.
21. Miami Beach Bowl
— Matchup: Memphis (9-3) vs. BYU (8-4)
— Time, TV: Dec. 22, 2 p.m., ESPN
— Reason to watch: Once 4-0 and dreaming of an undefeated season, the Cougars unraveled after losing quarterback Taysom Hill, which sparked a four-game losing streak. But BYU won its final four behind the strong play of Christian Stewart. For Memphis, quarterback Paxton Lynch didn't throw an interception during the Tigers' six-game winning streak to end the season, which saw the team finish co-champion of the AAC.
20. Duck Commander Independence Bowl
— Matchup: Miami (6-6) vs. South Carolina (6-6)
— Time, TV: Dec. 27, 3:30 p.m., ABC
— Reason to watch: Hopes were sky-high for Steve Spurrier's team, which was ranked No. 9 in the preseason. The Gamecocks were blown out by Texas A&M in the opener then beat Georgia, but things went south, finishing the season 3-5. Miami lost its last three, but there were plenty of outstanding individuals performances, namely from true freshman quarterback Brad Kaaya who led the ACC with 25 touchdown passes.
19. AdvoCare V100 Texas Bowl
— Matchup: Texas (6-6) vs. Arkansas (6-6)
— Time/TV: Dec. 29, 9 p.m., ESPN
— Reason to watch: There was plenty of turnover in Charlie Strong's first year at Texas, but the team didn't suffer any glaringly bad losses. Arkansas made big strides in Bret Bielema's second season, snapping an 18-game SEC losing streak with back-to-back shutouts against LSU and Ole Miss. Keep an eye on the Razorbacks' two-pronged rushing attack of Jonathan Williams and Alex Collins who combined for 2,109 yards and 23 touchdowns.
18. Foster Farms Bowl
— Matchup: Stanford (7-5) vs. Maryland (7-5)
— Time, TV: Dec. 30, 10 p.m., ESPN
— Reason to watch: After reaching BCS bowls in four consecutive seasons, the Cardinal fell off in 2014. Stanford had the nation's No. 2 scoring defense, but the offense just couldn't find a groove all season long. Maryland enjoyed a fine debut season in the Big Ten, going 3-1 on the road in conference play. The Terps finished 106th in rushing and should have a difficult time against the stout Stanford defense.
Freshman running back Leonard Fournette led LSU with 891 rushing yards. (Photo11: Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports)
17. Franklin American Mortgage Music City Bowl
— Matchup: LSU (8-4) vs. Notre Dame (7-5)
— Time/TV: Dec. 30, 3 p.m., ESPN
— Reason to watch: The Irish fell apart after starting 6-0 with hopes of a spot in the College Football Playoff. It all started with the controversial penalty that cost the team a win at Florida State and ended with Notre Dame losing its last four. A young team still finding its footing, LSU had a couple of nice wins against Wisconsin in the season-opener and then-undefeated Ole Miss in late October.
16. AutoZone Liberty Bowl
— Matchup: Texas A&M (7-5) vs. West Virginia (7-5)
— Time, TV: Dec. 29, 2 p.m., ESPN
— Reason to watch: The season began well for the Aggies without Johnny Manziel, starting 5-0 with Kenny Hill throwing for 511 yards in the opener against South Carolina. The team finished the season 2-5, but notched a memorable victory on the road against then-No. 3 Auburn. Still, their record has gotten worse each season under Kevin Sumlin. West Virginia had a nice bounce-back season, handing Baylor its only loss of 2014. This is going to be a shootout.
15. Royal Purple Las Vegas Bowl
— Matchup: Colorado State (10-2) vs. Utah (8-4)
— Time, TV: Dec. 20, 3:30 p.m., ABC
— Reason to watch: After back-to-back losing seasons, the Utes made some noise in the Pac-12, beating UCLA, USC and Stanford. Coach Kyle Whittingham is 7-1 in bowl games. On the other sideline, the Rams begin life after Jim McElwain. The connection between quarterback Garrett Grayson and receiver Rashard Higgins powers Colorado State, as Higgins led the nation with 17 touchdown catches.
14. Boca Raton Bowl
— Matchup: Marshall (12-1) vs. Northern Illinois (11-2)
— Time, TV: Dec. 23, 6 p.m., ESPN
— Reason to watch: This could be one of the more entertaining bowls, between two of the top "Group of Five" teams in the nation. The Thundering Herd started 11-0 and had their sights set on a bid in a New Year's Six bowl, but lost in the regular season finale. For Northern Illinois, the first season of the post-Jordan Lynch era went well, with the team winning its final seven games and the MAC title.
Strip steak recipe
A perfectly cooked steak at home isn't as hard as it sounds. In fact it can be a lot easier than trying to get one at a restaurant (especially if you don't want to pay north of $40 for the hunk of cow). We first saw this technique on America's Test Kitchen and have only had success with it. It's not the only way to cook a steak, but if you don't have access to a grill or a restaurant grade broiler it's your best bet.
This technique works well for other cuts besides strip steaks, but this is your best place to start. The bone in cuts like a porterhouse can make cooking tricky (meat on either side of the bone cooks at different speeds). A strip steak has great beef flavor and is fairly light on the wallet which are two big things we look for.
The general concept with this technique is to gently heat the beef through to an almost-done temperature and then quickly sear the outside for a nice crust. You've probably heard you should take a steak (or really any meat) out for a while before you cook it to "get the chill off". This is that concept on steroids--instead of slapping a 38º piece of muscle into a hot pan we will end up putting a 95º piece of meat into a hot pan. Since it cooks so shortly on the stove top the resulting steak is almost your desired doneness (in our case on the cool side of the medium rare fence) without the outside being overdone and the inside still raw.
We don't use a thermometer for steak any more (all that's needed is a quick jab with an index finger), but there's no shame in it and it's certainly better than ruining a nice cut of meat. If you'd like to learn how to tell doneness by touch, Men's Health has some great illustrations that should get you started.
Recipe
Ingredients 1 or more NY strip steaks at least an inch thick, if cooking more than one steak try to get them as close to the same thickness as you can
Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon of a neutral oil (such as peanut) Instructions Remove steak from refrigerator and season it liberally with kosher salt and pepper, place on a cooling rack inside of a half sheet pan
Pre-heat the oven to 275º
Cook steak in oven until its internal temperature is around 90-95º, approximately 20-25 minutes but it will vary based on the thickness of your steak. The end product will appear somewhat dried out and brown but should not appear cooked (or all that appetizing quite frankly).
Heat a heavy bottomed skillet on high-heat, use enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan
Once oil just begins to smoke, cook steak on each side for a couple minutes without moving it (this allows a crust to form). If your steak is extra thick add time to cook steak on the side.
Place the steak on a cutting board and tent with foil, let stand 10 minutes and serve Variations If you'd like to cook your steak to a higher degree of doneness, just add some oven time.
While the steak is resting is a great time to make a quick pan sauce. Simply deglaze the pan with a liquid (water, stock, wine, etc), add some fat (butter or cream), and seasoning. Maybe some shallots too. Finish with a pat of butter and your sauce will have a gloss just like the pros. Just be careful that if you use alcohol it has the tendency to flame up--many eyebrows have been lost during a pan sauce.
Posted on April 23rd 2009
Comment under this post naming five of your favourite fantasy reads this year, regardless of when they were published, to win a signed (and/or dedicated) US (or UK) hardback of The Wheel of Osheim randomly selected by Mark from the entries.
You may add a few lines telling us what made those books special for you, but you don't have to. Also while it's always nice to see Mark Lawrence titles among your favourites, including any or not won't affect your chances of winning.
The giveaway will be closing on 19th December!
.
Please note: your email address will be required for the submission but will NOT appear on the website!
(Alternatively you can also log in with your WordPress/Facebook/Twitter account)
.
Wishing you the best of luck,
Agnes
Art by Jéssica Lang
Is any food more reminiscent of summer than fresh, ripe strawberries? There may be one other treat that rises to the top of the list as I run through childhood memories on my mental movie screen. It's ice cream. Occasionally on a hot summer afternoon, my parents would take my siblings and me to the dairy farm, where we would peer through a split rail fence at grazing cows as we sucked down giant ice cream cones. My mom taught me how to eat one without letting a single drop melt onto my little hands. Hint: You have to be very diligent. To this day, I maintain that same rigor with regard to eating ice cream. 🙂
This ice cream recipe is completely dairy-free, of course. It calls for coconut milk and some of that amazing homemade almond milk you made when I posted the recipe and video last week. If you haven't made your own, you can use store-bought plain unsweetened almond milk instead. This recipe also uses surprisingly little sugar, since the berries add their own sweetness, and the sugar it does contain is whole cane sugar, which is an unrefined whole food (more information below).
Do you have an ice cream maker yet? If not, I highly recommend it. They really aren't that expensive and they work amazingly well. It's a worthwhile investment. They sell them on Amazon, or go to Bed, Bath & Beyond and bring your 20% off coupon. I know you have one, and those things never expire, they're just trying to get you in the store sooner by printing a date on there. That's another thing my mom taught me.
You don't often see the flavor “strawberry chocolate chip” in stores or ice cream shops, which I find perplexing because everyone loves chocolate-covered strawberries, don't they? It's a perfect combination. It's not too hard to find dark chocolate or semi-sweet chips that don't contain milk products. Just check the ingredients. There are some explicitly vegan brands out there, too, such as Enjoy Life. But if you have trouble finding them, you could always chop up your own dark chocolate bar into little chunks and use those.
Ingredients:
1 pound fresh strawberries
3 T. lime juice
3 T. raw agave syrup
1 cup homemade almond milk
1 can (13.5 oz) coconut milk
1/2 cup whole cane sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 cup dark chocolate chips
Instructions:
Put the ice cream maker bucket in the freezer at least 24 hours before you'll be making your ice cream, so it'll be frozen solid when it comes time to use it. I turn my freezer down a degree or two when freezing the bucket as well, which helps, because it's 115°F in Las Vegas and 84° in my kitchen, and if the bucket is not completely frozen, the ice cream will not freeze during the churning process.
Wash and slice the strawberries, toss them into a bowl, pour in the lime juice and agave syrup, and then stir thoroughly. Allow the berries to macerate this way for several hours, stirring from time to time. You can allow them to sit overnight; just cover and put them in the fridge.
Heat the almond milk in a saucepan over low heat, then add the sugar and stir until it dissolves. Transfer to a large bowl, stir in the coconut milk and vanilla extract, and place the bowl in the refrigerator for a few hours until the ingredients are cold. Helpful tip: If your can of coconut milk has separated into cream and water when you open it (it will appear to be solid at the top of the can if this has happened), don't worry, it hasn't gone bad. Pour the whole thing into a Magic Bullet cup and blend for about ten seconds, or stick a fork in the can and whip it up by hand (but I have to warn you: it's really easy to spill if you choose the manual method).
Pour the macerated strawberries into a blender and purée them into a syrup, then put that in the fridge as well.
Wait until all of your ingredients are completely cold before you begin the final step, and work quickly once you remove them from the refrigerator. Pour the strawberry syrup into the large bowl of milk and stir well, then transfer the whole thing to the ice cream maker and allow the machine to work its magic according to the manufacturer's instructions. In the last few minutes of processing, pour in the chocolate chips, and let the mixture churn until the chips appear to be evenly distributed through the ice cream.
Transfer the ice cream to a freezer-safe container and store in the freezer until you're ready to serve it. I recommend scooping yourself a bowl right out of the machine, though, because it has that delicious melty consistency right after it's made that will make your eyes roll into the back of your head as soon as it hits your tongue. Yum!
What is whole cane sugar? Whole cane sugar, sometimes also referred to as sucanat, rapadura, panela or muscovado, is an alternative sweetener that some people consider to be a health food. Alternative to what? The refined white sugar we all know so well. Whole cane sugar has not gone through a refining, separation or bleaching process; it has simply been filtered, dried and ground and is therefore a whole food. The sugar still contains its molasses, so it is brown and imparts a distinct caramel-like flavor to anything it is added to. It also retains some vitamins and minerals, where refined sugar is nutritionally empty. Some people believe that using whole cane sugar in place of white sugar keeps the glycemic index of the food lower, meaning that it is metabolized more slowly and doesn't spike blood sugar levels quite as much as refined sugar. High blood sugar levels are associated with weight gain and ultimately obesity and diabetes, hence the concern. While this may be true to a small extent, make no mistake: whole cane sugar is not a diabetic-friendly food; it's still sugared. Remember, I'm not an expert, just a layperson interested in improving my health, but my personal opinion is this: I keep my sugar intake (including whole cane sugar) pretty low overall. Most of the sugar in my diet comes in the form of whole fruits. On the other hand, I believe in enjoying life in general, and specifically the occasional dessert, so I don't rule out sugar entirely. If I'm baking or, in this case, making my own ice cream, I prefer to use whole cane sugar because it is a whole food and therefore closer to its natural state. Now that I'm used to avoiding refined sugar, I find that when I do eat some, it leaves a bad aftertaste in my mouth and seems to trigger subsequent sugar cravings, whereas when I use whole cane sugar, it just tastes good to me and doesn't make me crave more. Therefore, my advice — nothing earth shattering — is to avoid refined sugars as much as possible (or altogether) and to consume sweets containing whole cane sugar as an occasional treat. Good to know: “Evaporated cane juice” (even if it's organic) and “turbinado” fall under the category of refined sugar. The fancy names are intended to make them sound healthier, but they are not.
*Some of the links in this post are affiliate links, which means that I'll receive a small commission if you buy something through my link. It's a great way to support Green Sage if you enjoy these recipes. But please understand that I only link to products that I sincerely believe in and recommend.
An unexpected catapulting path was created on Friday out of the LTC/USD pair even with the bullish pressure in general for Litecoin price market.
The consolidation started for a bit after climbing the $48 level on Friday. For the buying pressure to come, the best time would be and most recommended a waiting of a pullback with the aim to attract more investors in the LTC/USD market. Best profit booking point could be buying in at $45 mark as that indicates a strong and stable supporting level.
Source: Coinmarketcap
A long waiting trend and time-period for the buyers to return would be that particular massive supportive zone around the $45 level as the pullback will come.
Patience is Always Rewarding
Think of value coming into the market at lower levels, as we have already seen the urge to act of traders. There is the possibility of “paying up” at the $48 level, and if you are working with a long enough timeline, then that might be feasible.
The whole crypto-market in this specific time is very in an uncharted territory but for Litecoin specifically the best move could be to wait for a very good dip-moment and to buy as that is the only way to trade for now.
For long-term traders it is high a possibility that soon enough the LTC/USD pair will be climbed past and over the $50 level but for any quick short-term profit maker look at any particular moment around the $45 or lower zone perhaps below $42 but in any term there is a high possibility Litecoin Price will be gaining in value sooner than thought so be patient for selling.
Read Also:
– For more Cryptocurrency market related Updates and News Follow us on our Facebook and Twitter pages.
A mother in Jasper County, Georgia posted a video to her Facebook page Wednesday that shows her son, a kindergartener, crying for his mother and struggling against the school's principal and assistant principal as they attempted to paddle the five-year-old.
The video circulating now on social media is available here.
The paddling was reportedly a punishment for spitting at another child.
The boy's mother, Shana Perez claims that she recorded the video after the school officials threatened her, claiming that she must either submit to the paddling or face jail time for truancy because the boy would otherwise be suspended.
Perez told WSB-TV that the boy missed 18 days of school earlier this year and she had already been arrested once for truancy.
“To be honest, if I could go back, I would grab him up and say, ‘No. You can't paddle him. Just go ahead and take me to jail,'” Perez said.
The local sheriff's office has denied Perez's claim that she had been threatened and told she would be arrested again if she wouldn't consent to the paddling.
According to Sheriff Donnie Pope, “There was no coercion on their part. We confirmed the school did not tell her that.” He maintains that there was no illegal activity in the video.
The superintendent made the following statement online:
“The Jasper County School District is aware of the video released by Ms. Perez. Unfortunately, the District is barred by State and Federal law from commenting about the specifics of this incident. The District respects every student's right to privacy. However, we can speak generally about the District's code of conduct which allows corporal punishment as one of the consequences for behavior. That code of conduct is provided to all parents. When corporal punishment is used, it is with parental consent. The District is investigating the incident and looking into its' discipline policies at this time.”
“There's no way I can express how sad or how I felt about watching him be treated like that,” said Perez. “I didn't realize at that moment how they basically abused him,” she said.
“Justice For Thomas Berryhill,” the Facebook page created by Perez for her son has become a source of support for the mother and haven for controversy.
Little Monkey Bizness is closing at the end of the day Friday after almost five years in Western Springs.
A post on the business' Facebook page Thursday reads:
"Last chance for fun at Little Monkey Bizness - Western Springs! Tomorrow, Friday the 22nd we are closing our store but hope that you will all continue to have fun monkeying around at our sister store, Little Monkey Bizness - Wheaton!"
The amusement center located at 4700 Gilbert Ave. in the Garden Market Shopping Center provides play structures, inflatables and games for kids.
"We believe in providing wholesome, activity based facilities to get kids off the couch and exercising their bodies and minds," Little Monkey Bizness' website reads.
Manager Sandra Strickler said on the phone Thursday she's "very sad" about the closing, and she believes the kids who have played at Little Monkey Bizness since it opened in 2009 will remember it long after it's gone.
"It will be an urban legend by the time they're in high school," Strickler said.
She said she's closing after not being able to come to terms on a new agreement with the Garden Center ownership.
Strickler said no special events are planned for Friday, but she expects to be "very, very busy."
There are plenty of ways to keep up on Western Springs news:
In what's being hailed as a scientific first, researchers in Scotland have created a fully functional organ from scratch inside the body of a living animal.
The feat--the creation of a working thymus gland from "reprogrammed" embryonic cells--is seen as an important step toward the development of laboratory-grown organs and a potential fix for the chronic shortage of donor organs.
"The ability to grow replacement organs from cells in the lab is one of the 'holy grails' in regenerative medicine," Prof. Clare Blackburn, professor of tissue stem cell biology at the MRC Centre for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Edinburgh and the leader of the team of researchers who grew the organ, said in a written statement. "This is an important first step towards the goal of generating a clinically useful artificial thymus in the lab."
The thymus, a gland located just under the breastbone, is a key player in the body's production of white blood cells known as T cells. People without a healthy thymus are unable to make enough T-cells and are thus highly vulnerable to cancer and to various infections.
For their research, Blackburn's team took cells from a mouse embryo and converted them into a completely different kind of thymus cell, according to the statement. When these cells were mixed with other types of thymus cells and transplanted into mice, these cells formed an entire thymus cell--one that not only looked like a healthy adult thymus but also was capable of producing T-cells.
In a video describing the research, Prof. Blackburn said lab-grown thymus glands might prove an important advance in the treatment of people whose immune systems have been weakened by age as well as of patients who have undergone bone marrow transplantation.
"Obviously, we have a lot of further steps to go through before we'd be ready to begin to test whether this approach will be useful for patients," she said.
Scientists have been able to make portions of hearts, livers, and other organs, but not complete organs, The Telegraph reported.
President Trump on Friday morning issued a cryptic threat to fired FBI Director James Comey amid a storm of media leaks contradicting the White House.
“James Comey better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!” Trump tweeted.
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
A number of reports emerged late Thursday revealing current and former FBI officials dispute Trump's account of a meeting he had with Comey earlier this year.
Trump in an NBC interview on Thursday said Comey had requested a dinner with him, during which Trump asked whether Comey wanted to stay on as the FBI head.
The president also said Comey told him three times — twice over the phone and once at their dinner meeting — that he was not the subject of any FBI investigations.
ADVERTISEMENT
But that claim has been met with raised eyebrows in Washington. Bureau officials, speaking to the press, have contradicted Trump's claims on several points.
Officials told NBC that the White House requested the dinner meeting, not Comey. A former senior official said that Comey would never have told the president he was not under investigation.
“Two people who have heard his account of the dinner” told The New York Times that Trump asked Comey to pledge his political loyalty at the dinner but was rebuffed by Comey, who promised honesty but not loyalty.
The differing in accounts comes as the White House has offered shifting explanations for Trump's decision to fire Comey.
Although officials originally claimed that the dismissal was based on Comey's handling of the Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE email investigation, Trump himself has linked the decision to the bureau's probe into Russian meddling in the election.
“When I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story,” he told NBC News in an interview that aired Thursday.
Part of that investigation includes examining whether any Trump campaign officials coordinated with Russia to help influence the election. Comey in public testimony declined to comment on whether the president was a subject of the probe.
Reports have suggested that the maverick director's refusal to pledge his loyalty to the president was a factor in his abrupt departure.
The startling threat fueled already-simmering comparisons to President Richard Nixon, who famously refused a subpoena to turn over secretly recorded audio tapes of his Oval Office conversations — ultimately constituting an article of impeachment against him.
The president's decision to lash out at his former director also comes as the White House has faced fierce scrutiny for the manner in which Trump delivered his pink slip. The president had a manila envelope delivered to Comey's office in Washington — when the director was in California, speaking to bureau employees. He reportedly found out when televisions in the room began broadcasting the news of his dismissal.
The president's relationship with the fiercely independent director had been publicly deteriorating since he took office on Jan. 20 and leaks related to the bureau's investigation continued to trickle out.
But Comey was a widely respected and popular head from within the bureau, and his dismissal came as a gut-punch to many.
Speculation has roiled Washington about whether Comey will speak publicly about these circumstances that led to his dismissal.
The Senate Intelligence Committee has issued an invitation for him to testify behind closed doors, but as of Thursday, he had not accepted, according to committee leaders.
Updated at 9:05 a.m.
When there's a fire, sometimes there isn't time to do much. You need a quick solution, especially when it's in the home and may spread in moments. Enter the Satto 119 Eco, a rapid solution to hazard. The numbers refer to Japan's emergency services phone number and while you should always contact them in case of a fire, sometimes you have to deal with the immediate danger yourself. This is the best way to eliminate fire hazard we have ever seen, a "throwable" (nagekesu) fire extinguisher developed by Japanese firm Bonex.
A sort of reverse Molotov cocktail, is this the most user-friendly fire extinguisher available today? The patented and officially approved fire-dousing "grenade" might seem like an illogical idea (throw chemicals onto a burning flame?!) but its results are impressive, and almost immediate.
The container is made from special breakable plastic that poses no risk to the thrower or other people. The agent inside will then extinguish the flames. It contains 500ml (16.9 fl oz) of ammonium phosphate dibasic and ammonium bicarbonate, and has the extinguishing capacity ten times that of water. However, despite being chemical, the non-toxic agent is not flammable or liable to explode, and can in theory even be used by the elderly or youngsters.
The Satto 119 Eco features:
Baltimore police are doing away with the term "stop and frisk," though officers can still use the controversial search tactic.
Baltimore's Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said controversy over the New York Police Department's heavy use of the practice led to a negative connotation from which police must distance themselves.
"Anybody in any department that would keep that name, in my opinion, would be remiss," Rodriguez said in a recent interview.
"Stop and frisk" is the term used to describe when police search someone on reasonable suspicion that the person is armed and "presently dangerous." They're also known as "Terry stops," referring to the U.S. Supreme Court decision that held that such searches were not a violation of the Fourth Amendment.
At the height of the department's zero-tolerance policing strategy a decade ago, Baltimore police also faced scrutiny over the practice. Though its use has been scaled back after a shift toward more targeted enforcement, some still question the practice.
The prevalence of the tactic in New York met with criticism, and a federal judge found police there used stop and frisk in a way that violated the constitutional rights of minorities. New York police have said the technique was crucial to driving down homicides there to historic lows.
Baltimore police say they'll now refer to the interactions as "investigative stops," dropping the word "frisk" from forms officers are required to fill out after having contact with citizens.
The change in name doesn't come with any new instruction for officers on how and when to perform the stops, but Rodriguez said police don't use the tactic in the way it was employed in New York.
"Do we stop people? We stop people. Do we frisk individuals? We frisk individuals," Rodriguez said. "We're changing the name because of the negative connotation."
Edward T. Norris, the former Baltimore police commissioner who was a deputy commissioner in New York City, lamented how much public sentiment had turned against what he believes is a useful and lawful tactic.
"It's a big mistake to start shying away from basic police tactics that have been proven to work and changing the name," said Norris, who now hosts a Baltimore radio show. "You give a bad connotation to something perfectly legal and within the rights of police officers to protect people in one of the most dangerous cities in the country."
But Gloria Browne-Marshall, a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice at the City University of New york, said police need to look at whether they are using such stops correctly.
"No matter what they change the name to, if it's based on racial profiling and the idea that certain people commit more crimes than others and should be stopped indiscriminately, it's not just an issue of New York creating bad karma for a phrase," Browne-Marshall said. "New York's lawsuit just brought the behavior to the national eye."
The Baltimore Police Department is required by law to submit reports on every stop and frisk to the state police, who received 422 such reports from August 2012 through July 2013.
The department's tracking of such stops has been questioned in the past. In 2005, police reported only 11 such stops in 12 months, but internal figures showed the number was in the tens of thousands.
Del. Jill Carter, a Baltimore Democrat, said that whatever name they use for it, police stop too many people without justification.
"If you talk to people around the city, especially young black men, they will tell you that police stop them on the street and say, 'Hey, what've you got on you, do you have drugs? Do you have ID?' " Carter said. "That's a misuse of police powers. … It's a fishing expedition to find crime and criminalize people."
Rodriguez said Baltimore officers follow state law, which allows officers to stop and pat down people the officers have "reasonable belief may be wearing, carrying or transporting a handgun."
"The way we do it here," Rodriguez said, "there has to be a furtherance of evidence that leads you to believe they may be armed or may have concealed narcotics on them. … It has to be legally based with probable cause or suspicion."
Eugene O'Donnell, also a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice, said stop and frisk is generally misunderstood. He said Baltimore's move to change the term strikes him as a "corporate" decision.
"Police departments are adopting corporate culture and political messaging," he said. "It's almost like polling — you find out this is negative, so you find another term."
jfenton@baltsun.com
For the past two and a half years, the team at Watchers on the Wall, led by the relentless Sue the Fury, has worked tirelessly to bring you the most reliable and honest information surrounding our fanatical obsession with Game of Thrones. Our goal from the beginning has been clear: to put the fans' interests and trust above all else and to conduct ourselves with professionalism and integrity in our operation at Watchers on the Wall.
Our steadfastness to this mission has helped WotW become the most credible and trusted name in the GoT fandom, an honor that all of us here take very seriously. But it is you, our loyal readers, that have propelled this site to heights that we thought might be attainable yet unlikely given the current onslaught of information available throughout the interwebs. At the end of the day, we built this site for you and you have responded to our core values: Fans first. Quality over quantity. No exceptions.
In order to take on the challenge of maintaining this level of integrity to another property, the WotW team agreed that whatever the subject may be, it had to be something that we were all truly passionate about and carried a level of suspense combined with intelligence that could sustain a dedicated site. And we feel like HBO's new adaptation of Westworld deserves its own platform.
So, without further adieu, allow me to introduce you to our Watchers dedicated site to Westworld!
Welcome to WestworldWatchers.com!
WestworldWatchers will be dedicated to breaking news, casting news, commentary and speculation surrounding Westworld just as we will continue to do at WatchersontheWall for Game of Thrones.
The WW site build is a more streamlined modern look designed to give you a refreshing reader experience while maintaining the functionality you have grown to expect at WotW.
The team has entrusted a name that you will recognize in Marc N. Kleinhenz at its Editor-in-Chief! Marc has become as passionate about Westworld as he is for Game of Thrones. He is a proven leader as well as a fantastic writer that understands the importance of integrity in reporting and will do a great job as EiC. Head over to Westworld Watchers to enjoy his salutations when you have a moment.
Timing: Yes, we are aware that in only a few hours, the season finale of Westworld Season 1 will take place. However, considering the complexity of the story combined with the perplexing characters involved, we feel that there is plenty to report and discuss keeping you engaged until Season 2 rolls around. We will go back and recap and dissect the Season 1 episodes just as we do here. We will discuss and analyze the characters and their development. We will break down the ratings and roundup interviews and reviews. And of course, you will get the best off-season filming and casting news that you have grown to expect from our team.
In the meantime, we have put together a handful of articles to get you started. So what are you waiting for?
What can you do to help?
Visit the new site, bookmark it and visit it often! WestworldWatchers.com
Like and Follow the WestworldWatchers Facebook Page!
Follow WestworldWatchers on Twitter!
Check out WestworldWatchers on Tumblr!
Subscribe to new posts on the sidebar at WestworldWatchers.com!
And most importantly, tell your Westworld-loving friends and family about us and let them know we are here!
On behalf of our team, we sincerely thank you for helping us make your sites successful. We are dedicated to providing great coverage from Westeros to Delos and hope you will continue to make Watchers your first choice in the fandom.
Raise a cup Lady and Sers, and may there always be peace in your realm. -Oz
Oz on Twitter
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
With its shattering of old-school political rules, the dominance of colorful personalities and the raging desire to smash the establishment status quo, the 2016 campaign has been wild. And yet, not everyone is paying as close attention to the race as might be expected. Women, in particular, apparently have better things to do.
According to a new Gallup survey, many women just aren't into the presidential race — or at least not as much as they used to be.
Gallup reports, “Men over the last two months have been paying significantly more attention to news about the 2016 presidential election than are women. In April, 44 percent of men say they are following election news very closely, compared with 31 percent of women. This 13-percentage-point gap has expanded from previous months, particularly February, when the gap was a narrow two points.”
What's interesting is that the trend cuts across both parties. Even more interesting, Democrat women are less likely to be following the contest than Republican women.
“An aggregated analysis of March and April responses shows that Republican men are eight points more likely than Republican women to be following the election very closely, while Democratic men are 11 points more likely than Democratic women,” according to Gallup. ” ‘Pure' independents — those who do not lean to either party — are following the news less closely than those in either party, regardless of gender, as would be expected. But even with overall lower levels of interest, independent men are significantly more likely than independent women to say they are following the news very closely.”
The result also cuts across demographics such as age and education level, so it's not a fluke.
Women are tuning out. But why?
With Hillary Clinton closing in on the nomination, women would be expected to be more energized about paying attention, not less. That they are not should worry her, because a disengaged female voting bloc would prove disastrous for her campaign. Women may support her in droves anyway. But since the finding is so widespread, she ought to concern herself with the possible reasons for it:
First, primary fatigue: Many women may be just more likely to get burned out on the day-to-day campaign coverage. Second, many women may have come to an early conclusion that the inevitable nominees will be Donald Trump and Mrs. Clinton, so they're less interested in the horse race. Third, Mr. Trump has dominated media coverage, and his support tends to skew male.
Both sides, however, have their work cut out for them. v
Mr. Trump has won among women in the majority of Republican primary contests, but the general electorate is a different ball of wax, and there, he's got work to do. In most polls, he earns favorable ratings among women of about 20-25 percent, with his unfavorable nearly 70 percent.
Women tend to vote Democratic anyway, so any Republican candidate running against a woman would face a tough road. The gender gap for Mr. Trump is even wider than usual, in part due to his previous broadsides against women like Heidi Cruz and Fox News' Megyn Kelly.
Because he's not a traditional politician, however, he may have more of a “grace zone” with voters, enabling him to turn those numbers around. He can start by making clear that every issue is a women's issue: a growing economy, individual and economic freedom, national security. Moving toward broader themes that resonate with all voters will encourage women to give him another look.
Mrs. Clinton has her own “women's problem”: she's only 10 points behind Mr. Trump in unfavorability among women, at nearly 60 percent. Amazingly, in a recent National Review poll, “Hillary's unfavorable rating was two points higher among women than it was among men.”
Her sky-high negatives among women also cut across the demographic spectrum, from race (except for black women, who still overwhelmingly support her), age, income and education level to every region of the country.
Mrs. Clinton has been on the national scene for 30 years, so she can't claim voter unfamiliarity. Women know her, and that's the problem. They may not like Mr. Trump, but they don't like her, either. In order to win, she must inspire energetic enthusiasm among this core group, and instead, she's got them shrugging.
Mr. Trump, however, appears to have far more running room to improve his standing with women. And he's wholly unafraid to attack her desperate use of gender as political weapon.
“I think the only card she has is the women's card,” he has said. “She has got nothing else going. Frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she would get 5 percent of the vote.”
That's going to leave a mark. And it's just the beginning.
• Monica Crowley is editor of online opinion at The Washington Times.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Make no mistake, these are great for DAY or NIGHT
THE PERFECT GRIP for anything
What will you do?
Engineered to be more than a glove with lights. TACTICAL LITES gloves received as much attention as did the LED lights. Each pair is constructed of the finest materials and designed to meet the needs of an array of uses. Each are touchscreen enabled with a Velcro pocket then further; form fitting, reinforced where needed, padded, offer a secure grip, zero bunching and are breathable.
Made with a combo of spandex nylon, ax suede and airprene material
LET'S GET TO WORK
Patent Pending Multi Colored Multi Function LED Light Unit
150 Lumen / Run Time 2.5 - 10 Hours
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
No Space to narrow. Comfortable, Compact and Lightweight. These Shine Where Others Won't. No Shadows.
Get The Nails Out Your Mouth- Do This Instead
Hand Warmers In The Pocket
Walk your dog safely in the day or at night! Meet Shaker he is a big boy!
A comparison of our lights to other popular lights
A comparison of our tactical gloves to a popular tactical glove
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
These Suck & Might Be Dangerous- Don't Do It To - "The Struggle Is Real"
Replace all of these and more
Lace 'em up and get to work...won't slow you down..time to go
What will you accomplish?
Holstering
Handcuffing
Can pass the Penny test! Made for precision pick up.
Drill Baby
What's Under The Hood? See Precisely Where You Need To
Changing a tire at night, no worries
Let's go
Anytime Day or Night these gloves are for you
Tactical
Touchscreen + Secure Pocket + Reflective + Silicone Grip + Breathable Palms + Padded Knuckles + Reinforced Thumbs
Work Gloves
Touchscreen + Secure Pocket + Extra Layering at Wear Points + Enhanced Gripping + Precision Tips + Padded Thumbs + Adjustable Cuff
Utility Gloves
Touchscreen + Secure Pocket + Form Fitting + Reflective + Split Thumb + Quick Cuff + Pull Tabs
As usual, the year's end brings reflections and ruminations on what was and what is to be. This time around, however, it feels as though an era is coming to an end.
That gentle frisson between past and future about which columnists customarily write feels vaguely apocalyptic as we approach the new year.
The usual regrets — too much ice cream, not enough exercise, too quick with a retort, not enough thank-you notes — all feel quaintly irrelevant juxtaposed against a collection of very real fears about the future. During a year of bitter political infighting — sister against sister, neighbor against neighbor — we've lost a better part of ourselves and unleashed armies of vengeful strangers.
[Congratulations, Trump. Welcome to hell.]
(McKenna Ewen,Whitney Shefte,Dalton Bennett/The Washington Post)
To put a fine point on it, Donald Trump's election has released a malevolent spirit upon the land. He invoked the magic message — essentially them vs. us — and the demons disembarked from their dark hiding places. He raided the lost ark and lifted the lid, and the whirlwind of humankind's worst impulses escaped.
Hyperbolic, yes. But when the next leader of the free world casually comments that we need to build up our nuclear arsenal — and seems to welcome a return of the Cold War — alarm expressed in the strongest terms possible is required. When such alarm did find expression around the nation and the world, the president-elect huddled in his “fake news” bunker and claimed that his remarks were quoted incompletely. He took special aim at NBC News, tweeting that the network “purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute [sic]: ‘until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.' Dishonest!”
If NBC staffers left out the balance of his tweet, shame on them, but the rest of what he said adds nothing to assuage the larger concern that he thinks we need more nukes. Or, since this apparently needs pointing out, that he believes having more nukes will have no effect whatsoever until the rest of the world comes to its senses. My guess is the rest of the world is thinking the exact same thing: This president-elect is not in his senses — and he makes no sense.
Trump's complete original quote, as usual offered via Twitter, was: “The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.”
Really? By “greatly” expanding our already huge nuclear arsenal, other leaders will come to their senses regarding nukes? Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed earlier on the same day that he wishes to boost his country's nuclear strength, too. Just great.
And, really, again. What's with making such war-mongering threats when you're not in the White House yet? Tweeting on matters of such import is unpresidential, not to mention unmanly. Also, it's insane !
I could pause here and write verbatim the emails and social-media comments certain to follow these observations. They're as predictable as a 3 a.m. tweet from Trump Tower. This, too, is part of what's frightening as we take our leave of 2016. People who voted for Trump refuse to critique his behavior through any lens but that of having won a contest.
“We won, you lost — get over it” is what now passes for a serious dialogue about matters of immense importance.
The notion that people who still express concerns — including three professors of psychiatry who've signed a letter suggesting the man isn't well — are just sore losers is nonsense. When the president-elect of the United States so cavalierly threatens to unravel the fragile threads that hold civilization together, there are no winners. He or she who is not worried is not paying attention.
[Our country is bitterly divided. How 'bout a little small talk?]
My personal stake, other than the fears herein described, is well and good. What's bad for the republic is good for columnists and cartoonists, though this time, I admit, the muse's generosity is less enjoyable.
These are also not simple partisan fears. Many Republicans I know are “slightly terrified,” as one Trump voter recently put it to me. That most, if not all, Democrats are, too, doesn't have to mean they're all excessively disappointed, though many surely are. Nor, as the incensed have written, does my non-support of Trump translate to support for Hillary Clinton. We call that a non sequitur.
And when it comes to abusing logic, Trump wins hands down.
Read more from Kathleen Parker's archive, follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook.
JetBlue crash and burn user experience
This post is shared on Reddit here, HackerNews here, Twitter here.
Sounds like a great idea: you buy a JetBlue "All You Can Jet" pass
then get to fly free for a month anywhere you want, any time you want.
But it turns out for me the pass has been a disaster-- and I haven't even flown yet.
The website user experience and customer service have been abysmal.
Bad User Experience: A Fast Way To Lose An Account
The problems started when I used the JetBlue website tool update my JetBlue password. Immediately, something on the JetBlue website broke and started displaying errors that said my account was locked out and disabled. No reason was given.
Why Pay Millions For A Website Then Ignore Email?
So I used the "Help" link to get to a web form to email customer service, and within an hour JetBlue sent a generic reply. It said how much JetBlue values my business, and that someone at JetBlue would read the email in 7-14 business days. So much for valuing my business.
Integration Dependencies Are Hard, So Test Them First
Calling customer service was worse. More than an hour of discussions and hold time later, JetBlue reps got some information: the password change had triggered a bug in the JetBlue website software, which broke an integration dependency between two JetBlue systems.
This triggered the account lock-out, which in turn made the website unable to process any of my flights. This cost me a day of my trip and was just the tip of the iceberg of JetBlue problems.
When Software Fails, Stay In Touch
The reps were unable to fix it, said the problem was affecting many JetBlue customers, and said there was nothing I could do but keep trying all night long to see if the bug had cleared up.
I asked if there was some way to have someone from JetBlue contact me by email or phone to let me know when the problem was resolved, so I could book travel. The rep said no.
Prepare A Backup Process
The booking website is unusable while the account is locked out. There's no way to book a flight, see an existing flight, nor change a flight.
I asked about alternative ways of booking a ticket by phone, email, or travel agent, but the reps refused. The JetBlue Terms and Conditions enforce that the only way to book a flight is via the website.
The reps said there was no backup process for how to help a customer in this situation, and refused to make an exception.
The Magic Phrase Is Mea Culpa
Mea Culpa means "My Fault" in Latin and is an honest way for a company rep to own up to a problem and take responsibility.
However at JetBlue the next day a different rep stated "This is your problem, not JetBlue's problem." That's not a mea culpa, that's blaming the customer. It's doubly bad because the previous rep had already alerted me that the problem affected many customers.
Sanitize Inputs Especially On Brittle Systems
JetBlue software can't handle dashes in phone number fields. That's what the rep working on my account said, trying to explain why my phone number showed up incorrectly on the JetBlue website.
He edited my phone number to remove the dashes in his system, which had the surprising side-effect of re-triggering the original bug, thus causing another account lock-out.
Now the reps say my account will be unusable for seven days while JetBlue IT tries to untangle whatever has happened.
You Can't Fix What You Can't See
Because of the mismatch between systems, when a rep adds notes to my account in one system, the notes are not visible to any rep using another system. This is causing more problems and delays.
For example when one rep conceded to break the terms of service, he added an override note to my account to say JetBlue can book my flights on the phone. Sounds great. But some of the other reps are unable to see this override note-- so they insist that there is no note, they can't help, and they say I'm in error. So they're inefficient, ineffective, and incorrect.
Technical Debt: How One Bug Snowballs Into Bigger Problems
Now nothing seems to work. Different JetBlue representatives seem to have different views of my user data, such as reps saying that I have taken a flight, when I in truth I haven't, and saying that I have two flights departing from the same city on the same day, when in truth I don't.
Each time I call in, each rep has to check multiple JetBlue systems to find all my information. This takes time and the reps are definitely not prepared for these kinds of complications.
The Z-Factor To Keep A Customer: Take A Page From Zappos
When a company has something crash and burn like this account, good companies know to roll with the situation and work in partnership with the customer toward good fair solutions.
JetBlue could help by taking a page from the Zappos playbook. Empower your reps. Enable them to deliver good customer service even during the bad times. Let them escalate to higher ups as needed, coming up with short term solutions as necessary, and alter policy when the policy is the problem.
Zappos has championed this successful approach to customer service and is earning hundreds of thousands of happy customers, building brand loyalty, and generating excellent word-of-mouth recommendations.
Perpetual Phone Scripts Are Spooky
The reps conversations have an eerie feeling like talking with a robot or chatbot. Have you ever tried a conversation with the Eliza artificial intelligence program? All of Eliza's sentences are scripted so they are made of English words, but the sentences don't lead to any coherent idea and and don't lead to any results.
On every service call the reps seem to be following some kind of phone script that is totally unhelpful for solving the problem.
No Refunds Under Any Circumstances
I decided to throw in the towel after 30 service calls, no working account, and no flights. I described all the problems to a rep in extensive detail, said I was so frustrated with JetBlue that I never want to fly on the airline, and requested a refund of the $500 purchase price. The rep quoted JetBlue's policy: "no refunds under any circumstances".
I escalated to Crew Services. These reps had me on the phone for two hours while discussing the various bugs and aspects of my account and coordinating with all the JetBlue departments. Same answer: "no refunds under any circumstances".
When Customer Service Goes Underwater
Customer service burns money fast. When customer service burns more than the customer paid, this is known as being "underwater" because the company is losing money on the purchase. In this case, being underwater is a lose-lose-lose position for the company, the reps, and the customer.
Negative Publicity in the Blogosphere-- Does It Cut Through Red Tape?
Negative publicity can sometimes cut through red tape if it reaches the attention of someone higher up at a problem company. So here are keywords for publicity-monitoring services: JetBlue problem, JetBlue failure, JetBlue sucks, JetBlue disaster.
HackerNews and Reddit Replies?
Follow Ups
Good suggestion to contact the Better Business Bureau. I have just reported these to the BBB and received a BBB tracking number with an email saying to expect results in 14 days.
A rep said today that JetBlue has now solved my problems and addressed all of my concerns so no refund will be given. Spectacular fail.
Good suggestion to contact the JetBlue executives. I have sent short polite emails to JetBlue CEO David Barger, JetBlue EVP Robin Hayes, and JetBlue Reservations Manager Cris Palauni.
The JetBlue site is here
If you are caught in a similar bind with JetBlue-- or know someone at JetBlue who may be able to help-- then please feel free to contact me or send this post along. My email address is joelparkerhenderson@gmail.comHere are emerging details and suggestions from readers.
What's Next?
Disqus
Is NATO irrelevant?
NATO is by common consensus the most successful political-military alliance in modern history. It has lasted longer than almost all others, incorporates more members, and it achieved its central purpose(s) without firing a shot. After the Cold War ended, it managed to redefine itself by taking on a broader array of security missions and has played a modest but useful role in the war in Afghanistan. By surviving well beyond the demise of the Soviet Union, it has also defied realist predictions that its days (or at least its years) were numbered.
Nonetheless, I share William Pfaff's view that NATO doesn't have much of a future.
First, Europe's economic woes are forcing key NATO members (and especially the U.K.) to adopt draconian cuts in defense spending. NATO's European members already devote a much smaller percentage of GDP to defense than the United States does, and they are notoriously bad at translating even that modest amount into effective military power. The latest round of defense cuts means that Europe will be even less able to make a meaningful contribution to out-of-area missions in the future, and those are the only serious military missions NATO is likely to have.
Second, the ill-fated Afghan adventure will have divisive long-term effects on alliance solidarity. If the United States and its ISAF allies do not win a clear and decisive victory (a prospect that seems increasingly remote), there will be a lot of bitter finger-pointing afterwards. U.S. leaders will complain about the restrictions and conditions that some NATO allies (e.g., Germany) placed on their participation, while European publics will wonder why they let the United States get them bogged down there for over a decade. It won't really matter who is really responsible for the failure; the key point is that NATO is unlikely to take on another mission like this one anytime soon (if ever). And given that Europe itself is supposedly stable, reliably democratic, and further pacified by the EU, what other serious missions is NATO supposed to perform?
The third potential schism is Turkey, which has been a full NATO member since 1950. I'm not as concerned about Turkey's recent foreign policy initiatives as some people are, but there's little doubt that Ankara's diplomatic path is diverging on a number of key issues. The United States, United Kingdom, France, and Germany have been steadily ratcheting up pressure on Iran, while Turkey has moved closer to Tehran both diplomatically and economically. Turkey is increasingly at odds with Washington on Israel-Palestine issues, which is bound to have negative repercussions in the U.S. Congress. Rising Islamophobia in both the United States and Europe could easily reinforce these frictions. And given that Turkey has NATO's largest military forces (after the United States) and that NATO operates largely by consensus, a major rift could have paralyzing effects on the alliance as a whole.
Put all this together, and NATO's future as a meaningful force in world affairs doesn't look too bright. Of course, the usual response to such gloomy prognostications is to point out that NATO has experienced crises throughout its history (Suez, anyone?), and to remind people that it has always managed to weather them in the past. True enough, but most of these rifts occurred within the context of the Cold War, when there was an obvious reason for leaders in Europe and America to keep disputes within bounds.
Of course, given NATO's status as a symbol of transatlantic solidarity, no American president or European leader will want to preside over its demise. Plus, you've got all those bureaucrats in Brussels and Atlantophiles in Europe and America who regard NATO as their life's work. For all these reasons, I don't expect NATO to lose members or dissolve. I'll even be somewhat surprised if foreign policy elites even admit that it has serious problems.
Instead, NATO is simply going to be increasingly irrelevant. As I wrote more than a decade ago:
. . .the Atlantic Alliance is beginning to resemble Oscar Wilde's Dorian Gray, appearing youthful and robust as it grows older — but becoming ever more infirm. The Washington Treaty may remain in force, the various ministerial meetings may continue to issue earnest and upbeat communiques, and the Brussels bureaucracy may keep NATO's web page up and running-all these superficial routines will go on, provided the alliance isn't asked to actually do anything else. The danger is that NATO will be dead before anyone notices, and we will only discover the corpse the moment we want it to rise and respond."
Looking back, I'd say I underestimated NATO's ability to rise from its sickbed. Specifically, it did manage to stagger through the Kosovo War in 1999 and even invoked Article V guarantees for the first time after 9/11. NATO members have sent mostly token forces to Afghanistan (though the United States, as usual, has done most of the heavy lifting). But even that rather modest effort has been exhausting, and isn't likely to be repeated. A continent that is shrinking, aging, and that faces no serious threat of foreign invasion isn't going to be an enthusiastic partner for future adventures in nation-building, and it certainly isn't likely to participate in any future U.S. effort to build a balancing coalition against a rising China.
The bad news, in short, is that one of the cornerstones of the global security architecture is likely to erode in the years ahead. The good news, however, is that it won't matter very much if it does.
The San Diego Flash of the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL) are anxious to play their first Lamar Hunt US Open Cup game since 2001, but they will have to wait another week. As the Flash were preparing to host their first round match at Mira Mesa High School, team officials from their opponent, US Club Socer representative SC Corinthians USA contacted them to tell them that they will have to forfeit the match.
“Josias Baptiste of Corinthians called me today to inform me that they had to forfeit the match,” said Flash CEO Clenton Alexander. “My initial reaction was that I felt bad for him and his players. At the same time, I felt really bad for our fans and players here in San Diego.”
“The good news is that we move and play again here in San Diego next Wednesday,” said Alexander. “We still plan on putting on a good show for our fans.”
The Flash, who are managed by Fox Soccer analyst Warren Barton, will now host the winner of tonight's match between PSA Elite (USASA) and the Los Angeles Misioneros (PDL) on May 14.
Corinthians, who are managed by former Brazilian international Palhinha (Jorge Ferreira da Silva), clinched their first US Open Cup berth by defeating fellow California club Juventus Black 5-0 in the US Club Soccer final on Saturday, April 26. According to Batptiste, the club's general manager, he was informed that the team needed to acquire international clearances for a number of their players less than a week later.
“US Soccer informed us on Friday [May 2] that we had to get international clearances for our match today [May 7],” said Baptiste, who says about 80 percent of his roster are made up of international players. After submitting the paperwork, they were informed that there was not enough time to approve their roster before the tournament kicked off on May 7, and the team would have to forfeit.
While forfeits tend to occasionally happen in qualifying tournaments, it's been a decade since the US Open Cup had a team forfeit during the competition. The last time it occurred was in 2003 when the Chesapeake Dragons of the PDL moved on after the Bridgeport Italians (USASA – Connecticut) were found to have fielded an ineligible player in their opening round match.
Baptiste says his entire organization is disappointed not to compete in their first tournament, and while they are still awaiting answers as to why they weren't informed earlier about the roster requirements, they are taking a ‘lesson learned' approach to the news. The club will now shift their focus on their plans to joining the San Diego Flash in the NPSL. Baptiste says the team will join the league as an expansion team in 2015.
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss holds a letter and says, "Carol, how do I address an envelope?" Carol, his secretary, sings, "I'll do it." Carol explains to Dilbert, "I'm training him to be helpless." She says, "It's part of my master plan to eliminate him." Carol says, "I do everything for him. Soon he'll lose his ability to solve small problems alone." She says, "Then I'll 'accidentally' book him on a one-way trip to South Korea." Carol says, "Before he goes, I'll tell him they have a death penelty for speaking English." Carol laughs a maniacal laugh and says, "We'll never see him again. Buwahaha!" Dilbert walks off and says, "It's worth a shot." The Boss calls from his office and says, "Carol, how do I dial for an outside line?" Carol says, "I'll do it."
“We think it should be large,” Chuck Schumer said. “He's mentioned a trillion dollars. I told him that sounded good to me.” | AP Photo Schumer: Trump's trillion dollar infrastructure plan sounds good to me
Donald Trump's $1 trillion infrastructure plan sounds good to Chuck Schumer, the incoming Senate minority leader said Tuesday.
The president-elect has called for a $1 trillion investment into upgrading the nation's roads, bridges, tunnels and airports.
Story Continued Below
“We think it should be large,” Schumer told ABC News' Jon Karl and Rick Klein during their “Powerhouse Politics” podcast. “He's mentioned a trillion dollars. I told him that sounded good to me.”
Schumer has highlighted infrastructure as one issue that Democrats can work with Trump on, casting some of the billionaire's positions as “surprisingly” progressive and populist. And the New York Democrat has insisted that Congress could pass Trump's infrastructure bill within his first 100 days, as long as it's free of “gimmicks” and tax breaks.
“We're not going to oppose something simply because it has the name Trump on it, but we will certainly not sacrifice our principles just to get something done,” Schumer said.
Trump's infrastructure plan is more in line with Democrats than members of his own party. He said during the campaign that he would “at least double” Hillary Clinton's proposed $275 billion infrastructure plan.
But Republican leaders have yet to sign on to such an expensive spending plan. House Speaker Paul Ryan burst into laughter and repeatedly tapped the arm of his chair when asked in September if he would help a President Trump pass an infrastructure plan costing $550 billion or more.
“That's not in the ‘Better Way' agenda,” the Wisconsin Republican said, referring to his conservative agenda for the House.
Trump's influential son-in-law, Jared Kushner, told business leaders at a breakfast last week in Manhattan that Trump is closer to Schumer than to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) when it comes to infrastructure spending.
McConnell told reporters at a news conference earlier this month that “it will be interesting to see how” Trump's infrastructure plan is put together.
“I hope we avoid a trillion-dollar stimulus,” he said.
CHICAGO (CBS) — It has not been a white winter so far in Chicago, as the city has recorded barely more than an inch of snow.
AccuWeather tells WBBM Newsradio that this winter's snow total in Chicago finally exceeded an inch on Saturday, but there are other snow drought records for the city.
Accuweather meteorologist Bob Larson said “a lot of this has its roots to a weather phenomenon known as ‘La Nina, which often leads to dry condition over the middle of the nation.”
The lack of snow doesn't just hurt skiers and snowmen builders, it's bad for the Earth.
Snow, Larson said, “is very important, because [snow] adds to the water table. When you have a great snow pack, a significant snowpack that seeps into the ground and helps the ground moist … it also can affect vegetation where snow can help provide some sense of insulation.”
A bit of snow returned to Chicago late Saturday, accumulating 0.4 of an inch and pushing this winter's snow total to 1.3 inches.
Only other three times, since snow record-keeping began in 1886, has it taken longer for Chicago to see the season's snow total reach an inch. Jan. 8, 1944, holds the record for the latest such occurrence.
Despite Saturday's snow, Chicago's historical streaks for lack of an inch of snow either on the ground or falling on a calendar day continue.
The streak for consecutive days without an inch of snow on the ground in Chicago rose to 317 days on Tuesday, the city's all-time longest. The record was previously held by the stretch of 313 days that ended in early January 1940.
Tuesday also marked the 319th straight day that Chicago has not seen an inch of snow fall on one calendar day, a streak ties the record from 1939 to early January 1940. That record will be broken on Wednesday.
Receiver Myron Burton Jr. has left the Auburn football team.
The offensive MVP of Auburn's A-Day scrimmage in the spring, Burton was expected to contribute this season after catching seven passes for 124 yards and one touchdown.
Auburn coach Gus Malzahn called the departure a "mutual" decision between the coach and Burton. "We wish him nothing but the best for the future," Malzahn said.
The Tigers will move receivers among the three main spots to compensate for the departure, though it appeared Burton was destined to spend most of the season on the bench.
"We've got three or four guys who can play both," Malzahn said. "We'll move people around probably more than we have in the past. We do have some depth at receiver we feel good about."
The 6-foot-2, 201-pounder was roommates with backup quarterback Sean White, who teamed up for the breakout performance in the spring scrimmage.
The redshirt freshman hauled in a 43-yard touchdown pass from Jeremy Johnson in the short time he worked with the starters in the scrimmage.
Offensive coordinator Rhett Lashlee downplayed the possibility of Burton disappearing following his breakout performance in the A-Day game.
"It's like the Madden curse?" Lashlee said on April 21. "Like winning the par 3 course at Augusta, don't even go play the four rounds you don't have a chance. Myron is someone I think you see his ability, his athleticism. He'll attack the football. He's aggressive to the football. That's the first thing you want a receiver to be able to do."
Burton appeared to be making strides in preseason camp.
"Myron's been pretty good," receivers coach Dameyune Craig said Aug. 14. "It was a great experience for him to go out there and play that well in the A-Day game. To come back and try to build on that and you have some depth in that room, you just have to come in and find your niche. We have some guys that we feel good about and you go into the season with experience, you have guy with that much talent you just want to make sure that if anything was to happen with anybody else, any injuries or whatever, he's able to step up.
Living celebrities undergo identity changes every other news cycle. (You may have heard something this week about a golfer, a car crash, and an affair or two — no longer all that alleged, either). But it's not too often that dead ones get a makeover.
Well, maybe makeover's too strong a word for what this newly released home movie of Marilyn Monroe does to her image; call it a refocusing:
One minute of silent, Super 8 celluloid won't deflate the Marilyn myth by much, but it does inflate the Marilyn reality appreciably. The Hollywood icon, the sex object nonpareil, the megawatt companion of Joltin' Joe and President Jack — well, as late as 1959, when the cracks were starting to appear in public, she was still, in private, a gal who could happily smoke a J with a couple of girlfriends in New Jersey.
The line on Monroe has always been that she was the Girl Next Door who happened to become a star. There wasn't, until now, any reason at all to believe it. Sometimes it's nice to be proven wrong.
RELATED LINKS:
GUIDE TO MINOR TRANSGRESSIONS: Why Smoking a Joint Is Completely Acceptable
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE: ...to Get High with Willie Nelson (and Snoop Dogg)
QUIZ: How Much Do You Know About Marilyn and More Hollywood Myths?
In their Oct. 23 op-ed, “Time for U.S. action in Syria,” John Allen and Charles R. Lister made the same critical mistake the Obama administration has: They offered no realistic plan for what would happen in Syria after the ousting of President Bashar al-Assad. There must be a means to protect all the confessional groups in Syria, including the Alawites. Such a means does not exist in anything the United States and others who want peace propose to do. Without that, Mr. Assad and his people will fight on, and Russia will continue to exploit the opportunities that we created for it, with Moscow profiting all the more so if we escalate militarily without a viable political framework.
The simple “Assad must go” stance also would align the United States with Sunni states' geopolitical objectives and keeps us enmeshed in the Sunni-Shiite regional civil war. There may still be time for serious U.S.-led diplomacy. But it must begin with so-far-absent strategic analysis that includes keeping us from being a cat's-paw for others' ambitions.
Robert E. Hunter, Washington
The writer, a former U.S. ambassador to NATO and former National Security Council official
for the Middle East and Europe, is a senior fellow at the Center for Transatlantic Relations
at the Johns Hopkins School of
Advanced International Studies.
John Allen and Charles R. Lister outlined a series of steps the United States could take to stop the Assad regime's war crimes and bring Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to the negotiating table. Most of the options they recommend have been considered in Washington policy circles for years: more advanced weapons to vetted opposition units, targeted strikes against Syrian military facilities and stronger sanctions on the regime's external partners.
Curiously, Mr. Allen and Mr. Lister left out any risks that would be associated with this strategy. They seem to play down the possibility of Moscow escalating the war in response to U.S. military strikes on its Syrian client. While they mentioned possible commingling between Russian and Syrian forces, they ignore the likelihood that Russia would retaliate if some of its personnel were killed in the course of U.S. airstrikes.
Mr. Allen and Mr. Lister also did not make a convincing enough case that sending more powerful weapons to moderate opposition forces would improve the situation, particularly when extremists on the ground seem to outnumber moderates. Can the United States be confident that these weapons won't simply be taken by extremist factions on the battlefield?
Their argument should be considered as worthwhile suggestions to right a horrible conflict. But we shouldn't be blind to the costs either.
Daniel R. DePetris, New York
The writer is a fellow at Defense Priorities.
John Allen and Charles R. Lister warned of a “future, inevitable U.S. intervention” if we do not quickly adopt a series of lethal and nonlethal measures. The authors should be reminded that Russia, with its presence in Syria, has created what we established for the defense of Western Europe during the Cold War years: a tripwire that if crossed leads automatically to war, and in the nuclear age with possible terminal consequences. The authors' measures cannot avoid tripping the Russian wire.
Benjamin Hoge, Alexandria
U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at the Community Forum on Substance Abuse at The Boys and Girls Club of America campaign event in Laconia New Hampshire, September 17, 2015. REUTERS/Faith Ninivaggi
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It would present an “opportunity” for spy agencies if the foreign minister of Russia or Iran were to use a private email server for official business, the chief of the U.S. National Security Agency said on Thursday.
The comments by Admiral Mike Rogers were in response to questions during a U.S. Senate hearing about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of a private server for email.
“From a foreign intelligence perspective, that represents opportunity,” Rogers told senators.
The server has become an issue in Clinton's campaign for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. She has apologized for her use of the equipment.
During a hearing on the NSA, Republican Senator Tom Cotton asked Rogers a series of questions related to Clinton's use of a private email server at her home for communications as secretary of state.
Rogers said he did not want to be dragged into the issue, but Cotton said he wanted the NSA director's “professional opinion.”
Cotton asked whether Rogers considered the communications of top advisers to the president, even those that are unclassified, a top priority for foreign spy agencies.
“Yes,” Rogers responded.
Last night, three days after a blown call that had even Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker pleading to “#Returntherealrefs,” football's union referees were back on the field. Just before midnight, management announced a deal had been reached on a new contract, ending a lockout marked by questionable calls and -- worse -- unsafe but unpunished hits. As the “replacement” refs depart the field, talk of lockouts will fade from the news -- but they'll remain a growing trend in labor struggles across the country.
The refs' lockout was not a strike. In a lockout, union members are out of work not because they've walked off the job, but because management has refused to let them work. (Of course, plenty of bona fide strikes are intentionally provoked by management.) This distinction was lost on most national media outlets this week, as demonstrated by a string of corrections on articles that had originally referred to “striking” referees. CNN correspondent Jim Acosta even asked Mitt Romney what he would “do about those referees,” and whether he would “order them back to work.” Under U.S. labor law, when union contract negotiations break down, management can lock workers out until they reach an agreement. In other words, if you won't give up as much as your boss wants at the bargaining table, he can put you out of work until you come around.
Advertisement:
As workers lose ground to management, strikes are losing ground to lockouts. In the 1990s, just 4.1 percent of work stoppages were lockouts, according to Robert Combs of Bloomberg BNA; in the first quarter of this decade, 8.3 percent were. In the same period, the number of strikes has plummeted. In fact, as the New York Times reported in January, the ratio of lockouts to strikes hit an all-time high last year.
The reason the ratio of strikes to lockouts is shifting, says Columbia political science professor Dorian Warren, is that “workers have seen a decline in their bargaining power for the last 30 years, while employers have seen an increase.” The weakness of labor law and the aggressiveness of employers, he adds, have reduced the strike to “a weak weapon” for many workers. Lockouts “are symptomatic of a broader trend of employer militancy," says Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University. “The lockout,” he adds, “even though it's probably the strongest, most anti-union act an employer can do, is increasingly seen as a pragmatic decision about bargaining strategy.”
At the start of 2012, 2,607 workers were already locked out. Most of them still are. Among them: Becki Jacobson, a 30-year employee who's one of 1,300 workers locked out by American Crystal Sugar in Minnesota, North Dakota and Iowa. In summer 2011, the sugar beet cooperative forced union members to train their own replacements and then, after 96 percent of workers voted to reject deep concessions on healthcare and job security, locked them out. “Every time we went to negotiate,” Jacobson told me in a March interview, “the company refused our proposals and kept going back to their first and final offer.” The company's CEO, Dave Berg, was caught on tape telling shareholders that the union contract was like cancer, and the lockout was the treatment: “At some point that tumor's got to come out. That's what we're doing here.” But Crystal Sugar hasn't been convicted of breaking any laws.
Like the NFL's and Crystal Sugar's, lockouts often go hand in hand with another trend in Great Recession-era bargaining: demands for new concessions from workers, like shifting healthcare costs to employees or doing away with pension plans. Indeed, while the NFL's owners may have permanently damaged their brand in the lockout, a statement issued yesterday suggests they succeeded in phasing out the workers' pension plan over time.
Some lockouts are a response to union strength, says Kate Bronfenbrenner of Cornell University, as employers try to get the upper hand against unions they worry will become strong enough to strike. "If it looks like the union's going to fight back, then they beat them to it,” she told me. In other cases employers lock workers out because they sense a union's weakness, and want to go for the kill.
As employers threaten to throw workers out of their union jobs unless they sacrifice their union benefits, a union member's fight to renew his or her contract can look more and more like a non-union worker's struggle to win one. In both cases, workers can't count on the law to secure them justice (a multimillion-dollar fine against a California country club – awarded to locked-out members of a union affiliated with my former employer, UNITE HERE -- is the exception, not the rule). Faced with employers on the warpath, some unions turn to disruptive activism or consumer, media and political pressure. Some still end up agreeing to painful cuts.
Advertisement:
When Republic Services locked out sanitation workers in Indiana, fellow Teamsters in other cities went on strike in solidarity. When Sotheby's auction house locked out its art handlers, Occupy Wall Street activists crashed art events with chants and banners. And over the past several months, workers have tried a range of tactics to pressure Crystal Sugar, including targeting a bank that invests in the company, raising awareness with a multi-state bus tour, and picketing outside of recruitment fairs. On Tuesday, hours after the referees' lockout cost the Packers a rightful victory, 37 members of Congress released a letter calling for a resolution to the Crystal Sugar strife.
Unlike the NFL's returning refs, other locked-out workers can't count on governors like Scott Walker to take their side. But in each of these cases, just as in the NFL, the balance of power between labor and management depends in large part on the public. Do customers let themselves become accomplices to union-busting? Or – whether out of fears for safety, concerns over quality, or loyalty to local workers -- do they rebel?
U.S. President Barack Obama ordered Thursday the freezing of U.S. assets and a ban on travel into the United States of those involved in the Russian military intervention into the Crimea region of Ukraine.
Obama said on Thursday that a proposed referendum in Crimea to join Russia would violate international law and said U.S. sanctions were aimed at punishing Moscow for its intervention in Ukraine.
"Any discussion about the future of Ukraine must include the legitimate government of Ukraine," he said.
The American order followed the European Union's freezing of assets on Wednesday against 18 people held responsible for embezzling state funds in Ukraine, including Yanukovych, his son and some of his closest allies. The EU also extended $15 billion in aid to help support the new Ukrainian government.
Russia has to launch negotiations with Ukrainian authorities in the "next few days" if it wants to avoid sanctions, EU President Herman Van Rompuy said on Thursday.
Such talks would need to produce results within a "limited timeframe," he warned. Otherwise, the European Union will consider measures such as travel bans, asset freezes and the cancellation of the EU-Russia summit.
EU leaders have also decided to warn Russia that if it destabilizes the situation in Ukraine any further, there would be "far-reaching consequences" for relations between Russia and EU countries - including in the economic sphere, Van Rompuy says.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, speaking after a meeting of European Union heads of state in Brussels, said a referendum announced by Crimea's parliament on Thursday on joining the Russian Federation was "illegal and incompatible with Ukraine's constitution." Merkel added: "we condemn the violation of Ukraine's sovereignty with regard to Crimea and we consider its territorial integrity to be essential."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Also in Brussels, British Prime Minister David Cameron said that "What has happened with respect to the Crimea is unacceptable and there can be no business as usual with Russia."
Also on Thursday, Reuters reported that Russian officials are pushing for the International Monetary Fund to move ahead with planned reforms without the United States, which could mean the loss of the U.S. veto over major decisions at the global lender, sources said.
The U.S. Treasury is now seeking to attach the funding to a financial aid package for Ukraine that is under consideration in Congress. It argues the reforms would allow crisis-hit countries like Ukraine to borrow more money from the IMF.
The White House said in a statement that the asset freeze order is "a flexible tool that will allow us to sanction those who are most directly involved in destabilizing Ukraine, including the military intervention in Crimea, and does not preclude further steps should the situation deteriorate."
In addition, the State Department is putting in place visa restrictions on a number of officials and individuals, reflecting a policy decision to deny visas to those responsible for or complicit in threatening the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
The order, the White House said in a statement, is "a flexible tool that will allow us to sanction those who are most directly involved in destabilizing Ukraine, including the military intervention in Crimea, and does not preclude further steps should the situation deteriorate."
At the same time, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Rome to discuss the crisis in Ukraine, but no agreement was achieved, Interfax news agency reported.
Meanwhile, the U.S. has moved forces in the vicinity of Ukraine, sending a Navy destroyer to the Black Sea and deploying six fighter jets in neighboring Latvia to be part of an augmented air policing effort along the Baltic.
"We are going to augment our participation in NATO's ... air policing mission, and was advised this morning that we have six F-16s that have arrived in Latvia as of the last 24 hours," U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel told a congressional committee on Thursday.
The USS Truxtun, a U.S. Navy guided-missile destroyer, is heading to the Black Sea for what the U.S. military on Thursday described as a "routine" deployment that was scheduled well before the crisis in Ukraine.
The U.S. Navy said in a statement that the Truxtun left Greece on Thursday en route to the Black Sea and would conduct training with Romanian and Bulgarian naval forces.
Polish media reported the U.S. military will also send 12 F-16 fighter jets to Poland's Lask Base for a training exercise.
The United States wants Russian troops to return to their bases in Crimea and for Moscow to allow international monitors into the region to ensure the human rights of ethnic Russians there are protected.
The United States has engaged in global diplomatic efforts to gather opposition against Russia's deployment of troops in the Crimea region of southern Ukraine.
The guided-missile destroyer USS Truxtun is shown underway in the Atlantic Ocean in this U.S. Navy handout photo taken May 14, 2011. Reuters
The book- The Jesus Discovery- claims that Jesus rose to become the most senior Rabbi of his time, thus explaining how he was able to exert such influence and why his teachings became such a concern to the authorities.
Author Dr Adam Bradford, who works as a GP, drew his conclusions after studying and comparing the original Greek and Hebrew scriptures, as well as using human psychology to analyse the behaviour towards Jesus as depicted in the Bible.
Biblical scholar Dr Bradford said: "Jesus's high ranking position as a Jew seems to have been written out of history but in fact it makes more sense of the Bible.
'If Jesus was the son of a poor itinerant carpenter with some radical ideas nobody would have been that concerned about what he said.
'But, because Jesus was trained up to become the most educated Jew of his time it gave him the chance to exert extraordinary influence and let him get away with acts that normal Jews would have been imprisoned or chastised for.
'For example, when Jesus turned the money changers out of the temple there is no mention in the Bible of the police guards getting involved or there being a backlash. The money changers were an essential part of gaining revenue for the Temple so if Jesus was an ordinary Jew he would have been arrested or physically attacked.
'Christ enjoyed social privileges that would not have been available to an uneducated itinerant carpenter. Not only was he able to clear the official Temple market on two occasions without interference but he was also able to teach unhindered in the Temple courts and synagogues.
'Throughout the Bible he is addressed with formal titles of Rabbi and Doctor of the Law- the highest position in Jewish society, even by his enemies.'
To find out more about the life of Jesus as an historical figure, Dr Bradford- who runs an NHS practice in inner-city London - first decided to try and discover more about Christ's father, Joseph.
In the English translation of the Bible Joseph has always been described as a 'just man'. Dr Bradford discovered that the word 'man' has been added and is not in the original Greek text at all. He also found that the origins of the word translated into 'just' more accurately translates to describe Joseph's position in society- most likely as a scholar who helped teach the Torah and was involved in the judiciary.
Further to this, Dr Bradford re-examined Joseph's position as a carpenter. Again, he concluded there had been a mistranslation and that the Greek word 'tekton'- which describes Joseph's work- more accurately means master builder or architect.
Dr Bradford claims this would explain why Jesus, who would have been brought up in his father's trade, made so many references to building in his teachings.
Crucially, Dr Bradford says that it is Joseph's position as an architect that would have first Christ brought him into contact with the Temple authorities.
In about 22BC, King Herod ordered that a gigantic Jewish temple should be built in Jerusalem, the remains of which makes up the Wailing Wall. Because only Jewish priests could build the sacred parts of the building, Herod conscripted ten thousand skilled craftsmen to assist and instruct one thousand Jewish priests in the skills of master craftsmen.
Dr Bradford said: 'Statistically, given that ten thousand skilled craftsmen were employed there is every likelihood that Joseph, who was a devout Jew, was one of these 'tektons', skilled at working with large structures of stone and wood..
'Three times a year, Joseph would have taken Jesus to the major Jewish festivals in Jerusalem and pointed out various aspects of the Temple's construction that he had overseen.
'When Jesus got lost at the age of 12 during one of his family's visits to a festival and was found at the Temple he said to his parents: 'Didn't you know I had to be in my father's house. I believe this has a double meaning referring to the fact Joseph helped build the temple as well as to God.' The priests who Joseph had trained would have looked after the boy Jesus for the five days until his parents found him.
It is from this point, when Jesus was 12 years of age, that very little is known of his life until he was 30 years old.
But Dr Bradford believes that Christ's progression to become the highest ranking Rabbi explain these 'missing years'.
'When Christ sat with the Doctors of the Law in the Temple at age 12 he astonished them with his knowledge,' said Dr Bradford. 'These men lived for the Law of Moses and they would almost certainly have recruited Christ for later enrolment at their schools. It would be like a Premiership manager wanting to sign up a child who was incredibly gifted at football.
'As a child genius, Jesus would have become the 'Great Hope' for the Jewish religion and would have been ordained as a Rabbi and then as Doctor of the Law. He was still addressed by these titles, even by his enemies, until he was found guilty of blasphemy.
'Under the Jewish system Jesus would not have re-emerged into public life until he was 30 years of age when he had become a 'didaskalos'. This word is currently translated in the Bible as 'teacher' but in fact it has a much higher status and meaning.
'Because the Jewish authorities had invested so much hope and time into Jesus it explains why their behaviou became so vehement in their hatred for him after he went 'off message'. He was their great hope who deviated from the Jewish faith, and so betrayed what they stood for.
'I believe Jesus's progression to become the highest ranking Rabbi helps put the story of Christ into its proper context.'
First century historian Dr Mark Whitters, of Eastern Michigan University, believes that The Jesus Discovery gives a proper insight into how Jesus was able to become such an important figure.
He said: 'Bradford brings to bear his formal training in medicine and psychology on a topic that requires some 'outside the box' thinking.
'This is a fresh perspective on the life of Jesus based on first century sources.
'Bradford asks some common-sense questions that these sources provoke but are rarely asked by modern biblical commentators.
'The book is consistent and provoking for anyone who wants to understand why Jesus shook up the world of Palestine in the first-century.'
New CoD Ghosts Lean Feature Explained
On the final day of E3 2013 Mark Rubin, Infinity Ward executive producer, has discussed the new ‘lean' feature in CoD Ghosts. When we say new.. we mean – kind of new – as it has always been on PC but never yet featured on the consoles.
Mark Rubin explains that the lean won't be attached to a specific button (we don't exactly have a lot of buttons to choose from for that). Instead it will be triggered when a player approaches a corner, slate or various other objects face on. If you are close enough to the object and try to aim down your sights (left trigger) you will automatically lean around it.
This should allow some much more tactical gameplay. What would you rather have exposed – your whole body or just your head and arms?
Players will need to take advantage of their surroundings.
Mark Rubin also discussed the new and improved mantle system. In the past Call of Duty games jumping over obstacles has always been the same. Run at an object. Stop. Climb up and jump over.
The new mantle system in CoD Ghosts however will feel much more natural. It will now be much smoother and will seem like you are flowing over the obstacles instead of the old stop and go system. On top of this, you'll be able to fire your weapon at the same time.
This will certainly make rushing buildings interesting.
It's not enough for a video game to 'sprawl' anymore. Where once the size of a virtual world provided a somewhat useful measure of its creators' effort and ambition, nowadays, entire galaxies can blossom from a few seemingly throwaway lines of code. If ever you grow tired exploring one of Minecraft's worlds, simply load a fresh one; the next unique arrangement of hills, trees and caverns will keep you busy for months. There is, in fact, already more virtual real estate in video games than humans will ever be able to chart or fathom.
Considering this surplus of space, the world of Mira, home of Xenoblade Chronciles X, which launches in the west in November, should be unremarkable. Except that its creator, Tetsuya Takahashi has always brought a great deal more than mere expanse to his worlds. 2011's Xenoblade Chronicles, for example, takes place on the torsos of two miles-long colossi, whose bodies are overgrown with moss, reeds and lakes. You trek along their vast arms and knees. Look up and you might see a shoulder waiting in the misty distance. It's the kind of virtual world that even a room full of monkeys loading procedurally generated landscapes for an infinite amount of time could never produce.
Mira stretches dizzyingly from the smog and spires of its capital city, New LA, across verdant plains filled that scoop up to form stratospheric cliffs. It sprawls, but, crucially, it also entrances. That's what makes it so beguiling. It was not, however, easily arrived at. For Takahashi, building a place of such scale and ambition has been a career-long quest. His first assignment as a new recruit at Square-Enix in the early 1990s was nothing more than a dry-stone wall, a strip of art just a few pixels thick. The wall, which was used in the first game on which he worked, Final Fantasy 4, used up less processing power than a single blade of Xenoblade Chronicles X's grass. It may not have had much in the way of sprawl, but Takahashi's wall did a lot for the artist, bringing him to the attention of Hironobu Sakaguchi, creator of the Final Fantasy series, who noticed in him a unique and, as Sakaguchi put it in 2014, "impressive" talent.
Sakaguchi and Takahashi came to have a close working relationship. The young artist was instrumental in creating Final Fantasy 6's opening, when a line of bipedal tanks trudge through the snow en route to a remote village. Sakaguchi had intended for these so-called Magiteks to appear in the intro exactly as they did in the game, as rather squat, shuffling sprites. Takahashi had other plans, however, and drew the machines from behind, where you could see their height and mechanical heft. He made them walk into the screen using the Super Nintendo's Mode 7 effect. The scene, combined with Nobuo Uematsu's 'Omen' theme is one of the series' most memorable. The late Nintendo president Satoru Iwata once asked Sakaguchi whether Takahashi's work improved on the dirctor's vision. "Right," said Sakaguchi. "And it hurt a bit to admit it."
Takahashi was hired to work at Square-Enix as an artist, but soon showed himself to be usefully flexible. "Taka-chan has always had a talent for motivating people and bringing them together as a team," said Sakaguchi. These leadership qualities came into play midway through the development of Final Fantasy 7, when Takahashi called his boss into a meeting room. "I recall going to see Sakaguchi-san and telling him that I was looking for a new challenge," Takahashi said, in 2014. Sakaguchi was sympathetic to his colleague's request and helped assign the young director a team. After he did so, Sakaguchi said he "felt a little lonely." As soon as Takahashi was freed from Final Fantasy's strictures, Sakaguchi recalls that his friend's desk became covered in Gundam models. "It was then that I realised he'd always wanted to work on this kind of thing," says Sakaguchi.
Tetsuya Takahashi
Xenogears, as Takahashi's game would become known, was an ambitious sci-fi Japanese RPG that combined a story about political intrigue and a corrupt state religion with giant robot fights. Viewed ungenerously, it's a confused hotchpotch of play styles that lacks focus and consistency across its sixty hours of winding, occasionally incomprehensible adventuring. Fans, however, point to a game that offers deep, multiple battle systems and a seemingly endless parade of cute narrative and gameplay set-pieces. It's also one of the first 3D Japanese RPGs not to use pre-rendered backgrounds. Rather, everything in the game is rendered in polygons. "I felt that the company needed to develop knowledge on how to utilise 3D in a different way from that of Final Fantasy 7," says Takahashi.
There were significant challenges in this aim. In 2007, reflecting on his early time as a team leader, Takahashi said: "I had a strong sense that I could do this, that it was going to be alright. Now when I look back at it, I realise that if I'd done more to inspire that same feeling in my staff, it would have been easier." Takahashi's inexperience as a team-leader combined with the inexperience of his staff. "90 per cent of my team were actually new kids who didn't know the first thing about 3D. The most difficult thing was the psychological side: helping people adjust to the team, talking through their worries and concerns with them, and so on. It was then that I realised that Sakaguchi-san had been dealing with this kind of thing all along."
Not all of Xenogears's problems could be fixed by diplomacy. The game's ambition clearly outstripped its budget. As such, the team was forced to tell the second half of the story through a series of montage cutscenes. Squaring vision with reality has been a defining issue during Takahashi's career. His grand six-part epic Xenosaga, the first game he worked on after he left Square in October 1999 to start a new company, Monolith Soft, was similarly cut short after just three of its planned six episodes.
History seemed set to repeat with the Nintendo Wii's Xenoblade Chronicles. Midway through the project the team encountered a raft of difficulties and, realising they would miss the launch deadline, a deflated Takahashi met with Hitoshi Yamagami, the Nintendo producer who oversees RPG development, to suggest a list of deadline-aiding compromises. Yamagami rejected the plan and told the designer: "You've come this far. You should see it through to the end. I'll convince the others at the company."
It was an act of commercial benevolence that gave Takahashi and his team what they needed to carry on. Where, previously in his career, publishers had baulked missed deadlines and cut Takahashi vision short, Nintendo demonstrated a belief in the team that consequently inspired the best in them. Xenoblade Chronicles launched to widespread acclaim in 2011. It is one of the strongest JRPGs of the past 15 years, a game that revitalised a genre that has felt increasingly irrelevant when set against its ever-more ambitious Western counterparts. After so many difficult projects, Takahashi says that it was the game that proved he could deliver on the ideas he saw in his mind, one that also showed the on-going potential of the form.
After that success Xenoblade Chronicles X, by contrast, has been built with a slightly different mind-set. "We wanted to achieve something that was more about us as Monolith Soft being able to create an open world system, to implement online features, and to transition into the high definition era" he tells me. Numerous lessons from the development of Xenoblade Chronicles equipped the team for achieving these goals, even within the difficult restrictions the studio made for itself (they did not, for example, use any middleware to quicken production).
"With that game we'd learned how to create locations that are fun to explore on a budget," he explains. "If we had no restrictions at all in terms of costs, then for example we could easily make a varied and interesting map simply by creating textures and models for four or five different to use in a single 20km squared area. But within restrictions we had the difficult task of creating varied and fun locations using just the textures and models for a single kind of environment."
What's immediately clear when talking to Takahashi is his fiery self-belief, the kind that anyone would surely need to embark on the kinds of projects he makes, usually against all odds. "Basically, I'm the kind of person who always believes they are right, so I never doubt my decisions during a project," he says, with a smile. "Of course, after a project ends there are times when I look back and see things I could have done differently. There are also some decisions that are not easy to make. Like when one person would be happy with a decision, but someone else would not. Facing such decisions where there is a trade-off is all part of creating something. Ultimately you have to rely on your intuition. I try to make decisions not only considering the immediate consequences, but also considering where Monolith Soft is heading in the future."
Takahashi turned 50 earlier this month. It's a milestone that appears not to have dulled his irrepressible ambition. "My goals still lie ahead of me," he says, defiantly. "I feel like now that Xenoblade Chronicles X is done I'm finally standing on the start line." He has no plans to retire or even, as he put it to Iwata last year, to move away from the practicalities of game design. "Something I've felt recently is that a lot of people of our generation have taken on roles as producers, and that they've actually been too hasty to distance themselves from the actual game development process," he said at the time. "If you look at films or animation, people in their fifties or sixties remain very active. If we retire from actually making games, that spirit of craftsmanship won't be handed down to the next generation. That's why I think it's better that we maintain a hands-on role in the game development process."
For Takahashi, the aim of this endeavour is to compete at a global level in the games market. "Japan is a peculiar country in the sense that - and this not only applies to games, but almost all cultural output like music, movies and books - we tend to look only within Japan for sales and recognition," he says. "There is a tendency to focus only on Japan, and not enter the competition on an international level. As an island country we have a rather closed cultural environment, but as creators we will only lag behind this way. On the other hand, many of our industrial products are still standing their ground on the global market. We at Monolith Soft don't intend to back down from this challenge. We would like to keep our scope open in order to reach as far as we can."
Takahashi's enthusiasm about game-making remains keen and, in contrast to the attitude of some of the more weary and jaded Japanese creators of his age, infectious. "There are reasons to be excited all around us," he says, leaning forward. "Many of the games developed in Europe or in the States provide an exciting target. They inspire me. Back when I was figuring out what to do with my life the early computer games coming onto the market caught my attention. I saw both the immense potential for development of computers and the interactive possibilities they could provide. I felt a day could come when computer games would surpass other existing cultural outputs. That's why I decided to join this industry. It's why I'm still here."
Seth Cook (pink shirt) and Chris Brown were joined by Mayor Kate Stewart for the opening of their new café. Photo by Mike Mowery.
Takoma Park Mayor Kate Stewart joined the owners of Takoma Beverage Co. for a ribbon cutting and grand opening ceremony Sunday afternoon.
Co-owners and cousins Chris Brown (general manager) and Seth Cook (coffee director) will operate the café at 6917 Laurel Ave., “specializing in hand-crafted beverages,” as their website describes it.
In the morning, patrons can select from a variety of breakfast sandwiches and other offerings. After 11 a.m., the menu switches to soups, salads and sandwiches until 5 p.m., when dinner service begins. Evening choices include cheeses and charcuterie, meatballs, a pork belly dish and several tartines. There are vegetarian options for each meal.
The café also has a selection of teas, specialty coffees, beer, wine and specialty cocktails.
Planned hours of operation are 7 a.m.-10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday and 7 a.m. to midnight Friday and Saturday.
Follow Source of the Spring on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Sign up for our free Weekly Newsletter here. Submit events to our Community Events Calendar here. Please send tips and questions through our News Tips form, or email [email protected]
Learn how to support Source of the Spring here.
See something around town? Tag your photos on Twitter & Instagram with #SourceShots.
The excerpt below comes from Forbes/Wolfe Emerging Technology Report's recent full-length interview with Todd Huffman, Founder and CEO of 3Scan. (Full disclosure: my venture firm Lux Capital is an equity investor in 3Scan.) Todd shares how he and his team are building automated microscopy tools and software for large-scale tissue analysis.
How did you first become interested in digital pathology?
My background is in bioinformatics, the use of computation to understand biology, and about 10 years ago I started thinking through the next big challenges. I felt that DNA, RNA and proteins were going to be pretty well handled by the existing players. The challenge was going to be measuring and understanding structures spanning cellular, tissue, and organ scales, so I started researching and working with technology at those levels. Historically, tissues have been examined by a pathologist using a microscope, and I believe to move biology and medicine forward we need to innovate automation and quantification techniques for high-throughput analysis at these scales.
What are some of the benefits of digitizing tissue?
Consider a tumor. A tumor is an abnormal tissue growth, which when you have cancer is malignant. At a molecular level, tumor composition varies spatially, even inside of a single tumor. Traditional high-throughput molecular analysis, such as DNA sequencing or microarrays, starts by grinding up the tissue into a soup, which obscures the spatial components of the disease. Our approach digitizes the spatial relationships inside the tumor. This is important in evaluating different aspects of tumor morphology such as volume, shape, surface roughness, multifocality, microvasculature, and lymphovascular invasion.
There are lots of diseases and biological phenomena that express on a tissue scale in addition to cancer. Cardiovascular disease, stroke, Alzheimer's disease, and diabetes all manifest across a multi-cellular space. To effectively understand, look for cures, and diagnose these diseases we have to be able to measure and analyze tissue and organ structures.
How does your method improve upon existing best practices for analyzing tissues?
3Scan improves on the speed and precision with which tissues are digitized, by removing human hands from delicate steps. The existing approach use human hands manipulate the tissue and using human eyes to examine it. As a result, it's a labor-intensive process that doesn't scale very well. Additionally, the output is very qualitative, with humans giving an opinion about what's happening. The result is not very scalable and results vary from person to person, making large projects difficult. What we've done is we've redesigned the microscopy workflow to combine the sectioning and the imaging into a single machine in a way that fundamentally allows us to image much faster. As a result, we can image with throughput and scale not achievable by humans, and emphasis on quantitative techniques allows us to apply computational techniques.
How is 3Scan's system able to achieve this?
3Scan is creating new applications for pathology by dramatically speeding up the process, about 300 times as fast. It creates a lot more data, terabytes per day per machine. A human can't look at that much raw data, so we're writing algorithms to reconstruct, analyze, and visualize the tissues. As a result, we are able to do searches across large spaces looking for subtle differences in tissue structure that a human would miss. We think our microscopes are going to allow us to investigate tissue in a fundamentally new way.
One way to think about what we're doing is to compare it a CT scan. A single x-ray provides a 2 -dimensional picture, but a CT scan takes a lot of x-rays from different angles to produces a 3D volume. A CT scan allows you to look at different kinds of features in 3D that you don't see in 2D. CT scans didn't replace all 2D X-rays, you still get those when you break a leg, but CT scans created entirely new applications for radiology.
Do you think that the dramatic reduction in cost of storage has enabled breakthroughs like this?
Absolutely. I started working on this in 2005. Back then there was no cost-effective way to actually capture and process all the data that was created. I could have started 3Scan as early as 2007, but even then the computational infrastructure would have been prohibitively expensive. Technology to support the Internet, computers, and smartphones has dropped the cost of computation across the board, making multi-terabyte data sets very tractable. There are lots of companies today that produce equipment that can handle and process multi-terabyte data sets, but in 2007 there were only a very small number of organizations in the high performance computing space that could feasibly handle those kinds of data sets. Now, computers that can handle terabytes of data are almost off the shelf.
The semiconductor industry has driven a lot of technology trends that have made it possible for us to do what we need. A lot of the components that we use in the system come from advances in the semiconductor industry because with semiconductors, they've embraced automation and high precision control. So, our machines don't look the way that a microscope looks to most people. In fact, if you brought a microscopist in to look at devices, they would recognize fewer parts than a semiconductor engineer.
What is the day in a life for a pathologist right now, and what would it look like for a pathologist using 3Scan's technology?
Biology is being digitized across the board, from gene sequences to immunohistochemistry and expression profiling. Pathologists using 3Scan's technology will spend more time understanding and contextualizing data and decisions, and less time manually working a microscope.
At the moment, pathologists need unwieldy support teams to physically prepare tissue for imaging. Back-end labs shuffle tissue around, moving it in and out of various fluids, slicing it up and putting it on glass. A relatively large infrastructure and a relatively large staff support the researcher. 3Scan is automating a large number of those tasks. Instead of having their eyes stuck on a microscope, researchers and pathologists will be looking at and integrating different data for the patient.
Pathologists using 3Scan's technology will spend more time understanding and contextualizing data and decisions and less time manually working a microscope. He or she will be spending more time interacting with different kinds of data because across the board, more and more of biology is being digitized, from gene sequences to immunohistochemistry and expression profiling. Instead of having their eyes to a microscope, they will be looking at and integrating many kinds of digital data for the patient.
How big is your team and where are you located?
We have a team of 12 people and we're located in San Francisco. We're an eclectic bunch, with backgrounds spanning biology, medicine, computation, mechanical engineering, optics, physics, robotics, and so on. We need a wide range of talents, because our technology is the convergence of several fields.
Many people think Silicon Valley is spending too much time on problems that are far too easy. What are some problems that people should be tackling?
I am generally a big fan of technologies that digitize reality. Once you get large volumes of clean, coherent and useful data there's a lot you can do computationally. Not enough of the world is available in a clean, data-friendly environment. One of the core tenets of computation is ‘garbage in, garbage out'. When you can cheaply collect data, it changes how you go about doing things. In microscopy, if it takes a lot of effort to get to a microscopic image, then you only look where you're expecting something specifically of high value. Often times, things happen where you're not expecting them, but you can't really look there unless it's very cheap to look. So, what we're doing is we're making it really cheap to look at large swabs of tissue.
What advice do you have for people who would be interested in entering the field?
I think some computational background is going to be important for every field of biology. You don't necessarily need to get a degree in Computer Science, but you should definitely learn how to do some software development and have an understanding of how algorithms work because to understand biology in the future is going to require some level of computational expertise.
The Obama administration's approval rate for accepting Syrian refugees to the U.S. is currently over 90 percent, a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service official testified before a Senate panel Thursday.
“Worldwide our average approval rate is about 80 percent,” Barbara Strack, the head the Refugee Affairs Division at USCIS responded when pressed by Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) on the current annual approval rate for refugees.
She noted that Syrian refugees are currently experiencing a higher approval rate.
“Right now it's higher than [80 percent] for Syrian applicants but it's likely to come down,” Strack said. “Right now it's running a little over 90 percent for Syrian applicants but that percentage is based on all the cases that have been decided yes and no, what it leaves out is cases that are still under review or still on hold.”
According to Strack the approval rate is likely to go down as those applications currently on hold are expected to be denied.
“We think a number of those hold cases, when they're finally decided, are going to turn into denials. So when we have a little more experience with the caseload we expect that the rate will come down somewhat,” she said.
Strack and other administration officials appeared before the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest at a hearing examining the fiscal and security implications of the Obama administration's refugee resettlement program.
Subcomittee Chairman Jeff Sessions convened the meeting after the Obama administration announced plans to drastically increase the levels of refugees admitted to the U.S. in the coming two years including large numbers from terrorist hot spots like Syria.
Republican lawmakers have raised serious national security concerns about resettling tens of thousands of refugees from dangerous regions with limited vetting resources.
“The economic and physical security of the American people must never be a secondary consideration,” Sessions said at the opening of the hearing. “With workers' pay stagnant, our entitlement programs on the verge of insolvency, our law enforcement struggling to combat radicalization and increasing violence, and our schools and communities struggling to keep up, voters are rightly wondering about their government's priorities.”
The Alaska lawmakers overseeing the Sarah Palin Trooper-Gate investigation have hit back at the GOP-led effort to shut down the probe.
Last week, Republican legislators filed suit to halt the investigation, arguing that it had been inappropriately politicized by Democratic senators Hollis French and Kim Elton. This afternoon, Peter Maassen, an attorney representing French and Elton, as well as independent investigator Steven Branchflower, announced in a press release that he will be asking a judge to throw out that lawsuit.
The press release points out that the investigation was launched in July after a 12-0 bipartisan vote of the legislative council. And it asserts that the original GOP complaints “suggest that Alaska legislators with open political views should be prohibited from participating in any legislative function that might — might — reflect badly on Governor Palin.”
The release refers to “powerful and increasingly heavy-handed national interests” as being opposed to the investigation's continuance.
And in a bid to fight back against Republican efforts to remove French from his position overseeing the probe, the release adds: “The legislature is allowed to decide for itself what it will investigate, who it will employ as investigator, and which of its members will oversee the investigation.”
Maassen is with the Anchorage-based firm Ingaldson, Maassen & Fitzgerald.
It appears all but certain that the investigaiton will go forward, and that Branchflower will release a report on or aorund October 11th, as scheduled. However, it's unclear how comprehensive the report will be, thanks to efforts by the McCain-Palin campaign to ensure that Branchflower won't be hearing directly from several key witnesses, including Sarah and Todd Palin.
Greetings to the good men of ROK as we enter the final week before Christmas. To those especially who have been fasting and preparing with quiet of soul for the Feast, I dedicate this article on “Sapientiatide” (or “Wisdomtide”) – the time of heightened expectation in the week before Christmas.
As I've said before, it certainly is my intention to be broad in my writing here, generally; but in the midst of such seasons as Advent/Christmas, and Lent/Easter, I would be remiss not to discuss our civilization's highly developed traditions. So, this article and the next will deal closely with Christmas. This article is also longer than normal, as it has elements that are intended to be consumed one day at a time in the upcoming week.
The O Antiphons
Each day of the week preceding Christmas, Western Christians since at least the 8th century have chanted the “O” Antiphons” at Vespers. Christianity reckons the beginning of the day from sundown, so the evening service of Vespers marks the passage from the old day into the new. The canticle of the Magnificat, which the Virgin sang upon visiting her cousin, is thus rightly set in Vespers to reflect the end of the Old Covenant (St. John the Baptist) meeting the beginning of the New (Christ, in the Blessed Virgin).
This canticle is the “high point” of the service, especially on solemn occasions; while singing it, more lights were sometimes lit, incense was brought forth, and the clergy removed their head-coverings. During this week before Christmas, the O antiphons are doubled, the Church is incensed, the bells are rung continuously and all remain standing throughout the whole Magnificat.
The antiphons provide rich material for meditation and reflection. Each antiphon moves forward through all God's works for man's salvation, beginning with the eternal, pre-existent plans of Providence, and ending on Doomsday; but, working backwards, they form an acrostic that points forward: ERO CRAS (“Tomorrow I shall be;” many local, medieval variants had a longer, eight-day usage that spelled out VERO CRAS, “Truly, Tomorrow”). This sets the tone – the antiphons contemplate the penetration of the eternal into time, seeking to save mankind. “Truly, tomorrow,” the All-Maker shall be upon us; let our hearts be ready!
I had gone and written a lengthy article on this, at the end of which I was going to recommend to the men the Fish Eaters website for some further information. But upon heading to the webpage myself, I saw that a great deal of information on the antiphons is already there, along with midi files that play the melody, and a clickable musical note that will open musical notation. So, I will include only my thoughts on the themes of the antiphons, below, and some further resources for those who wish to pray them this week.
Some Reflections on the Antiphons
17th December: O Sapientia
This speaks of the Wisdom of God, Alpha and Omega, the first cause and final end of all creatures, the embodiment of that providence which sees and rules and arranges all things. The verse cites the famous “fortiter et suaviter” (“strongly and suavely,” key concepts, I think, to masculinity), taken from Scripture to describe God's providence (Wisdom of Solomon 8:1). This finds echoes in St. Anicius Manlius Severinus Boethius' Consolation of Philosophy, and St. Thomas Aquinas' discussion of providence in the Summa.
18th December: O Adonai
This antiphon addresses Christ the Lord, Adonai in Hebrew. Adonai is a title of great significance, for it became the word used in place of the ineffable name of God, the “tetragrammaton,” YHWH. In the same way, Christ is the “image of the invisible God,” and “the exact figure of His substance.” Additionally, the burning bush, in which God appeared to Moses, was understood from ancient times in the Church as a prefiguration of the Incarnation.
The bush ablaze with godly fire, yet unharmed thereby, is an image of the blessed Virgin, from whom and in whom the Deity came to dwell; whose substance He joined to Himself, when He united the human and divine natures in His one Person. She was suffused with the Divine Presence as no other creature before or since, yet was not destroyed thereby.
Shortly after God reveals Himself to Moses in the bush, He says: “I am the Lord who will bring you out from the work-prison of the Egyptians, and will deliver you from bondage: and redeem you with a high arm, and great judgments.” Similar terms are used in Moses' canticle after crossing the Red Sea. The return to Sinai resulted in the giving of the Law – thus, in all these ways, the Adonai antiphon points to Christ the Lord Incarnate, Giver and the Fulfillment of the Law, the New Covenant ministered by God in the flesh rather than mediated through angels on Sinai, “a mountain that might be touched, and a burning fire, and a whirlwind, and darkness, and storm.”
19th December: O Radix Iesse
This antiphon refers to Christ as being of David's blood, from the root of Jesse, bound up in the history of Israel and the Jews, yet coming forth for all people.
20th December: O Clavis David
We saw that the Exodus story was a prefiguration of the salvation Christ would bring to all men, fulfilling what was done only politically and for the Jews in ancient times. The theme continues here; the prior antiphon hinted at the “prison-houses of Egypt,” but now treats of the prison-house of death and hell. Christ calls Himself “the Holy One and True, he that hath the key of David; he that openeth, and no man shutteth; shutteth, and no man openeth.” And again: “I am the First and the Last; alive, and was dead, and behold I am living forevermore, and I have the keys of death and of hell.” From ancient times, Christians depicted Christ's victory over hell by showing hell's gates and locks shattered and strewn at his feet.
Continuing the theme of the universal salvation, prefigured in the political history of Israel: as David was King of Israel, so of His line would come the King of all. Thus the prophecy of the Patriarch Jacob over his son, Judah would be fulfilled: “The scepter shall not be taken away from Juda, nor a ruler from his thigh, till He come that is to be sent, and He shall be the expectation of nations” (Genesis 49:10).
Christ hinted that if the Messiah was the Son of David, yet He was greater than David. He asked, “How say they that Christ is the son of David? And David himself saith in the book of Psalms: ‘The Lord said to my Lord, sit thou on my right hand, Till I make thine enemies thy footstool.' David then calleth him Lord: and how is he his son?” That is the subject of this antiphon – Christ, son of David, God of David, with the key of David to destroy hell and rule as king of all.
21st December: O Oriens
The antiphons now pass from the pepole of Israel to all mankind. The last antiphon referred to Him as the son of David, the Sceptre of the house of Israel, and entreated him to lead forth the prisoner, singular (i.e., Israel); this antiphon refers to Him as the “dayspring,” i.e., the rising sun, ascending from the East to traverse all the way to the West, shining upon all men.
Loading...
Those who formerly were of Israel rejected their King, the Heir of David; now people from all nations shall be grafted into Israel, and confess Him as King of All. Therefore, this antiphon no longer asks for deliverance of “him” that sits in darkness and the shadow of death,” but “they that sit” therein. The terms (“Sun of Justice,” “Dayspring”) point to the book of Malachi, last in the books of the prophets, referring to God's relationship as Lord and Saviour of all the Gentiles, beyond just the people of Israel.
Most importantly, “oriens” literally means “rising,” – i.e., the rising sun, the East – and form ancient times the Christians used this title for Christ in His Resurrection (rising up from the earth, like the sun from the horizon); this Antiphon points to His Resurrection.
22nd December: O Rex Gentium
This antiphon, after the Resurrection of Christ as the Rising Sun of Justice, comes in the place of the Ascension. The corresponding antiphon for the Ascension begins “O Rex Gloriae,” with the same melody as “O Rex Gentium,” and is the only other antiphon beginning with the words “O Rex” in all the Church year.
The connection, therefore, is strong; it is made all the more striking by its exposition of Christ, Who “makes two into one,” and formed man “from the mud of the earth,” for these are themes the Fathers continually mention in discussing the Ascension: how Christ united two natures into one, bringing the divine nature down to man, Whom He formed from the mud of the earth, and raising our nature up to the heights, seating it in Himself upon the throne of God. Let all mortal flesh keep silence before such a marvelous exchange.
23rd December: O Emmanuel
This antiphon addresses Emmanuel, “God among us,” God present, hinting both at Christmas, and at the Lord's return to once again stand in our midst as the Just Judge. In both cases, judgment is implied – the first time, in gentleness, the second time, in the dreadful day of Doom, the Last Day. As with the antiphons O Clavis David and O Oriens, where the antiphon is slightly modified to reflect a subtle change in meaning, this antiphon is similar to yesterday's; but whereas yesterday refers to the “desideratus gentium” (the one Whom the gentiles desired, past tense, and now have), this antiphon refers to the “expectatio gentium” (the one Whom the Gentiles await, i.e., Christ as the Judge Who shall come again).
Praying The Antiphons
For those who wish to observe this ancient tradition in some way, I recommend following the general advice on the Fish Eater's page, which has the Latin and English texts, recordings, printed music, etc., for the antiphons, along with the text of the Magnificat, here.
More specifically:
Around sundown, go to a suitable, quiet place (before an image of Christ or the Cross, the Christmas Tree or Wreath, etc.) Reflect for a bit on the theme of that evening's Antiphon – read related Scripture passages, listen to hymns and carols related to it, meditate quietly, or whatever strikes you as appropriate Chant the Antiphon, then the Magnificat, then the Antiphon again (intone or read them aloud if you won't be chanting them); Pray the Lord's Prayer; Add, if you like, the proper prayer from the website below Conclude your prayer, and don't be in a rush to dissipate your recollection or quiet. I usually listen to carols, read, pray, take a walk, work quietly at Christmas preparations, etc., afterwards.
Incidentally, I know that you all will get this at least a day late to start with O Sapientia; you can catch up on whatever you missed on the first day you have this, and go from there.
This site has a “chapter” (related Scripture passage, for meditation) and an oration corresponding to each Antiphon, with which you may wish to conclude your prayer:
(Be aware that he is discussing a German variation, where “O Sapientia” begins on the 13th; for our purposes, it begins on the 17th, and the others follow in order).
In Closing
I hope this article is actually interesting to the men of ROK, and I'll ask forgiveness if it is not. I wanted to offer a method for observing each day of this week in preparation for Christmas, as a gift to you all, so that you may be keener of mind and spirit when the day arrives.
Don't forget to peruse the other pages of the Fish Eaters website for Christmas Traditions – you won't be able to keep all of them (nobody does – some were popular in one place, some in another), but now is the time to find some that resonate with you, and to be prepared for them when the day arrives.
May God grant you all to come safely to Christmas Day, and give you great joy on it. Our effeminate and commercialized world will speed by it half-consciously; but for the man that makes time for it, it is a time when the heavens are thrown open and the things above will gladly communicate their joys to men on earth.
Yes, this is “Wisdomtide!” When I contemplate Christ in the crèche, I always think of the last Antiphon (“Emmanuel, God with us”) and these words spoken by Wisdom, with which I now conclude:
The Lord possessed me in the beginning of his ways, before he made any thing from the beginning. I was set up from eternity, and of old before the earth was made. The depths were not as yet, and I was already conceived, neither had the fountains of waters as yet sprung out: the mountains with their vast bulk had not as yet been established: before the hills I was brought forth. He had not yet made the earth, nor the rivers, nor the poles of the world. When he prepared the heavens, I was present; when with a certain law and compass he enclosed the depths, when he established the sky above, and poised the fountains of waters, when he compassed the sea with its bounds, and set a law to the waters that they should not pass their limits, and when be balanced the foundations of the earth. Yea, even then I was with him forming all things: and was delighted every day, cavorting before him at all times and making merry throughout the whole orb the world: and my delights were to be amongst the sons of men. – Proverbs 8:22-31
Read More: A ROK Christmas Benediction From Brother Cui Pertinebit
KYIV, 17 September 2015 – Since the occupation and annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation in early 2014, the enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms has deteriorated radically for a large number of residents and displaced persons – particularly for pro-Ukrainian activists, journalists and the Crimean Tatar community, the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) and the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities (HCNM) said in a report published today.
The 100-page Report of the Human Rights Assessment Mission on Crimea provides a comprehensive examination of the current human rights situation in Crimea, in light of developments since the release of a previous joint report by ODIHR and the HCNM, issued in May 2014.
“Fundamental freedoms of assembly, association, expression and movement have all been restricted by the de facto authorities in Crimea,” said Michael Georg Link, Director of ODIHR. “This has occurred through the application of restrictive Russian Federation laws and through the sporadic targeting of individuals, media or communities seeking to peacefully present opposing views.”
Based on interviews with more than 100 civil society actors, representatives of the Ukrainian authorities, Crimean residents and displaced persons, and people travelling between Crimea and mainland Ukraine, the ODIHR/HCNM report presents numerous credible, consistent and compelling accounts of serious human rights violations and legal irregularities in Crimea.
“We found in Crimea that those Ukrainians and Crimean Tatars who openly supported the territorial integrity of Ukraine, refused Russian citizenship or did not support the de facto authorities were in a particularly vulnerable position,” said Astrid Thors, the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities. “Since the annexation of Crimea, the Crimean Tatar and Ukrainian communities have been subjected to increasing pressure on and control of the peaceful expression of both their culture and their political views.”
The allegations documented and trends established by the report demand urgently to be addressed by de facto authorities in Crimea, and underscore the need for systematic independent monitoring of the human rights situation in Crimea and access to the peninsula by impartial international bodies, ODIHR and HCNM say in the report.
The Report of the Human Rights Assessment Mission on Crimea, jointly published by ODIHR and HCNM, is available at:
For further information, please contact:
Researchers believe that there is a wide range of consumer markets that have remained untapped in regards to ancient foods. These foods include einkorn, emmer and spelt which fed large amounts of the world's population for thousands of years and fell of the map almost completely as a result of the rise of industrial farming and the green revolution.
Two plant breeders published their opinion in the June 27th publication of Trends in Plant Science journal. In the paper they explain that consumer demand in the United States and Europe for high-quality, healthy food specialties presents a great opportunity to reintroduce ancient wheat varieties and other plant species by creating what they are calling “farm to fork” supply chains that satisfy the demands of consumers, providing niche markets for small farmers, millers, and bakers, with an increase in agricultural biodiversity.
Friedrich Longin, co-author of the paper says people are interested in diversity. They want to get something more with what they taste, they want healthier ingredients and ancient grains deliver very interesting variations. Longin, along with Tobias Würschum from the University of Hohenheim in Germany say that consumer preferences in the US and Europe are driven more by their desire for novel products and healthier ingredients than they are by low prices. This opens up a market that ancient wheat species can completely fulfill. The team believes that by testing and analyzing some of the thousands of varieties found in gene banks, agronomists and cereal scientists can select those best suited to both modern farming needs and consumer preferences.
Multi-grain breads and baked goods which have ingredients such as oats, barley and millet are available on a wide scale. However, the wheat flour in them comes almost exclusively from bread wheat, just one of the three species, 20 subspecies and thousands of varieties of wheat cultivated and consumed across the globe for thousands of years. During the development of the industrial agriculture and the green revolution in the mid-twentieth century, much focus was placed on developing cultivars that produce a high yield and have short stalks which are less likely to collapse in the field and expose the grains to pests and mold. Different varieties ceased to be commercially viable, and as they fell out of favor, traditional dishes and regional food diversity also started to disappear.
Video showing wheat production chain.
Many of such varieties are still present in gene banks all over the world and scientists view them as an important source of genetic diversity. Longin and Würschum say a multidisciplinary step-wise but holistic approach that looks at both agronomic properties like disease tolerance and yield potential as well as nutritional and taste profiles is needed in order to select the best solutions to reintroduce into the market.
During their research, hundreds of varieties of einkorn and emmer were tested and the 15 best candidates at were then tested at four different Germany locations. The results showed the importance of looking at these plants holistically. Longin says when you look at einkorn, it is really fantastic looking in the field, but when you get the agronomic performance, it is low yielding and it falls down in the rain. But then we found there were so many healthy ingredients, and you taste and even see it in the end result.
The team also pointed towards the sizable and growing market for spelt products as a great example of how ancient grains can be successfully reintroduced in modern markets. Spelt was the main cereal crop in Southern Germany, Austria and Switzerland up until the early 20th century when it almost completely disappeared. Its rediscovery began in the 1970s and only a few millers and bakers were still familiar with traditional spelt recipes. Today more than 100,000 hectares of spelt are grown annually in and around Germany with an annual growth rate of more than 5% and an annual turnover of €1 billion across Europe.
Longin and Würschum believe that in order to reintroduce other ancient grain varieties successfully, interdisciplinary cooperation all along the supply chain from plant breeding to nutritional analysis to marketing is required. They think the end results can create a self-financing strategy for providing high-quality foods and preserving ancient recipes. Login says it would be worthwhile to look a bit more in the gene banks at what diversity is sleeping there that has been forgotten by the industry.
Obviously I'm going to talk about the ending of Mass Effect 3 in here, so spoiler warning.
I actually loved the ending of Mass Effect 3. Seriously, I really did. I loved that Shepard got dealt a bad hand and didn't know how to deal with it. I loved that the Crucible was a bust and the Catalyst was a jerk. I loved that the choices I made mattered despite the fact that the ending cinematic didn't spoon feed me exposition explaining how they mattered. In the end, Shepard realized that no matter how many aliens he had sex with, no matter how many reporters he punched, some things were just bigger than he was, and there are times when certain elements are outside of your control. I'm happy with that, and I'm happy that BioWare didn't actually screw that up with the Extended Cut.
But, at the same time, I totally believe that BioWare should create and release an alternate ending that completely changes everything.
Unless a new ending is offered by playing DLC, every piece of additional content is essentially a needless prequel, fleshing out a world that's about to be wiped clean. According to BioWare, next week's Leviathan DLC is “Set during ME3's harrowing Reaper invasion,” and it “tasks Commander Shepard with tracking down an elusive entity that, according to legend, may wield the power to defeat a Reaper.”
But… it doesn't. Everyone knows it doesn't. There's no way the weapon thing Shepard is looking for will wield the power to defeat a Reaper because, otherwise, that would totally change the ending of the game, and BioWare likely would have revealed that intention months ago. You know that the beacon or signal he's going after is going to be a trap, or a ruse, or something else that doesn't end with Shepard strapping a giant cannon onto the top of the Normandy and blasting apart ancient robots.
Sure, it'll be fun, and it'll flesh out the galaxy or the history, and it'll give us an excuse to dive back into a universe we'll likely never get to explore again for several years, but so what? We already know how it ends. It doesn't matter.
That's why BioWare should be open to releasing downloadable content that provides a completely new ending to Mass Effect 3--not because Mass Effect 3's regular ending is broken or needs fixing, but because it is the only way downloadable content will actually matter. It has already confirmed that it's working on a ton of post-release content, and it's likely that a majority of it will be new plotlines for DLC, so it might as well make it take place near the end of the campaign, instead of randomly shoved into the middle.
What if the entity Shepard finds in Leviathan actually does have the power to defeat a Reaper? That would change everything. Maybe it would allow them to actually win the war instead of just hitting a green, red, or blue galaxy-wide reset button.
On that note, what if Shepard decides to just fight the Reapers head on? What if he's allowed to just… run? What if he could infiltrate some weird Reaper base and upload a virus, Independence Day style. Would these be better than the ending that shipped with the game? Not likely. Would they be worth playing to see other possible options? Absolutely. Other options can be added post-release that change the conclusion, because it's not like save data from ME3 is going to transfer over to whatever comes next.
Allowing DLC to change the ending of Mass Effect 3 would fix this, and everything else. Fans of the original ending can ignore the new mission or the new continuity if they want, just as they ignored any alternate storylines in their main campaign. It really wouldn't be much different from choosing to kill or save the Rachni in Mass Effect or deciding who lives or dies during the conclusion of Mass Effect 2. Meanwhile, those that complained about the conclusion can finally get what they want: a new ending, be it a happier one, a sadder one, or simply a different one.
But more importantly, creating DLC that could have the potential to drastically change the end of the game wouldn't hurt anyone. It wouldn't be sacrificing the writers' artistic vision or giving in to “fan” pressure--it would just be doing what Mass Effect has done from the beginning: Giving players more choice.
Honestly, even if people unanimously loved the ending of ME3 I'd still be lobbying for this. If BioWare opens itself up to releasing ending-changing DLC then the content can actually mean something, otherwise everything has to be set back to the way it was at the beginning at the end, and that's just sort of a waste.
You know that kid at parties who talk too much? Drink in hand, way too enthusiastic, ponderously well-educated in topics no one in their right mind should know about? Loud? Well, that kid's occasionally us. GR Editorials is a semi-regular feature where we share our informed insights on the news at hand. Sharp, funny, and finger-on-the-pulse, it's the information you need to know even when you don't know you need it.
The UK will stop selling weapons to Saudi Arabia if it is found to have breached international law during the months-long conflict in Yemen, the foreign secretary has said.
Philip Hammond, speaking to the BBC's Newsnight programme on Tuesday night, called for “proper investigations” into Saudi Arabia's actions in Yemen, where human rights groups warn of large-scale violations by both sides.
However, campaigners say British arms have played a "central" role in the conflict so far, and must be halted immediately while an investigation takes place.
Since March, Saudi Arabia has led a coalition of regional powers in a campaign of air strikes that have targeted Houthis but have also devastated much of the country's infrastructure.
Several mass casualty attacks attributed to the Saudi-led campaign have mistakenly hit civilian targets, leaving scores of people dead.
The first apparently mistaken attack, which occurred just five days after air strikes began, killed 45 people at a camp for internally displaced people near the Saudi-Yemen border.
In September, an air strike on a wedding in the coastal town of Mokha killed 130 people in the single biggest attack during seven months of war.
A second strike at a triple wedding party a week later killed at least 30 people, including two of the grooms and one of the brides, prompting the UN's aid chief to demand an “impartial and transparent investigation”.
“With modern weapons technology, there is little excuse for error,” the UN under-secretary-general Stephen O'Brien said after the attack.
However, Saudi Arabia and its allies have always denied that they are behind the attacks, often saying that they have not been conducting operations in the area.
After an air strike attributed to the coalition destroyed a Doctors Without Borders hospital in northern Yemen in late October, Saudi Arabia said the facility “could not have been targeted by the coalition forces”.
A spokesperson expressed “deep regret” that the UN condemned the coalition “without waiting for full and accurate information”.
The Houthis, who are fighting supporters of the Saudi-backed government, are also accused of targeting non-combatants in a war that has so far left at least 4,500 civilians killed or injured.
Their guerrilla warfare tactics have included indiscriminate shelling of residential areas and blockading whole towns like Taiz, which has now been besieged by the fighters for several months.
Stalled investigation efforts
Despite the UN calling for a probe after accusations of violations by both sides, efforts to establish an independent investigation by the UN Human Rights Council stalled last month, reportedly under intense pressure from Saudi Arabia, which is currently chairing the council.
Hammond said on Tuesday that, if it is established that Saudi Arabia has violated international law, the UK will halt arms transfers to the kingdom, which is known to have used British weapons in Yemen.
“The Saudis deny that there have been any breaches of international law. Obviously that denial alone is not enough. We need to see proper investigations,” he said, stating that he plans to “work with” Saudi Arabia to ensure that they are complying with international law.
“We have an export licensing system that responds if we find that it is not,” Hammond said. “We will then find that we cannot licence additional shipments of weapons.”
But, said Hammond, “it would be hypocritical to think that we could have a large defence industry exporting weapons systems and that they never get used”.
Anti-arms sales campaigners, though, say that weapons shipments to Saudi Arabia must be halted immediately, given what Amnesty International has called "damning evidence" of war crimes by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.
"There is a humanitarian catastrophe being unleashed on the people of Yemen, and UK arms have been central to it," Andrew Smith of the UK-based Campaign Against Arms Trade told Middle East Eye.
"At the moment the UK government is being represented at the Dubai Air Show, where it is lobbying Saudi Arabia to buy more of its fighter jets. Only two weeks ago Philip Hammond was in Saudi Arabia trying to do the same.
"This is a case of the government saying one thing and doing another."
In a statement to MEE, the government department responsible for approving arms export licences said it operated "one of the most robust arms export controls regimes in the world.
"We never export equipment where there is a clear risk that it might be used for internal repression, or would provoke or prolong conflict within a country, or would be used aggressively against another country.
"We are able to review licences and suspend or revoke as necessary when circumstances require."
In August 2013 the UK temporarily suspended dozens of arms exports licences to Egypt when the Foreign Office, which investigates the human rights situation in countries receiving UK arms, raised concerns.
The contracts were unfrozen a few months later.
On Tuesday the Foreign Office said it was "aware" of allegations of breaches of international humanitarian law by all sides in the Yemen conflict.
"We have raised our concerns with the Saudi government and have received repeated assurances of [compliance with] international humanitarian law."
Saudi Arabia last year became the world's biggest arms importer, spending an estimated 35 percent of its 2014 budget on weaponry.
Though the US supplies much of Saudi Arabia's imports, last year netting over $4.6bn from the trade, the UK sold the kingdom around $3bn worth of military equipment.
Though many Western powers have been urged to halt arms sales to Saudi Arabia over alleged human rights abuses, most have declined.
In March, Sweden cancelled a lucrative arms deal with Saudi Arabia, citing abuses of women's and human rights in the kingdom.
The decision led to a major diplomatic row between the countries, with Saudi Arabia breaking off diplomatic relations and stopping the Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom – who on coming to office last year pledged to pursue a “feminist foreign policy” – from speaking about human rights at the Arab League.
The 2013 Clausura tournament in Liga MX is only four weeks in, but two teams continue to dominate the rest of the league. Club Tijuana, the reigning champions, and Tigres both got victories over the weekend and are not 4-0 on the year.
On Saturday, Tijuana hosted Pachuca at Estadio Caliente and walked away with a clean sheet and a 2-0 victory. Forward Alfredo "Chango" Moreno put the Xolos up in the 58' after converting a penalty kick, while late sub Raul Arambula added the insurance goal. Estadio Caliente is becoming a fortress for the home side; the Xolos haven't been defeated in league play there since January 29th, 2012. SB Nation featured writer Jorge Arangure Jr. had a great feature about the reigning Liga MX champions that I think is worth a read, so we've linked it in this post and featured it on our home page.
Tigres kept pace with Tijuana with a 2-0 victory over Queretaro, who are fighting to stay in the first division. Emannual Villa added to his Liga MX lead in goals scored, getting his fifth on the year. So far, Pumas letting go of Villa after a season that saw him in and out of the lineup through three coaches seems to be a mistake. Midfielder Danilinho added a second goal in the final moments of the game to keep Tigres at the top of Mexican soccer.
Chivas de Guadalajara continue to struggle and managed a 1-1 draw with Morelia on Friday. They now sit towards the bottom of the Liga MX after getting three draws in four matches. Through their first four games, the Goats have only scored three goals - two by Rafael Marquez Lugo and one from their newest striker Miguel Sabah. With Lugo and Sabah, Chivas' expectations were a bit higher, but they have started flat. Firing their head coach two days prior to the start of the year and bringing back Benjamin Galindo hasn't been able to change the path the club has been on in recent years.
Meanwhile, Galindo's former club Santos could be headed for a rebound after a rough Apertura tournament. Friday evening they defeated Leon 2-0 behind goals from Rodolfo Salinas and Oribe Peralta. Leon had more possession of the ball, but weren't able to get any shots on goal for the match. After an incredible run in the Apertura that earned them a birth in the Copa Libertadores, Leon appears to have fallen back to earth. They now sit near the bottom of the table with three losses in four matches. It won't get any easier for them as Cruz Azul comes to Nou Camp next weekend.
In probably the most shocking scoreline of the weekend, Atlas beat Club America 2-1 behind a 74' penalty goal by Omar Bravo. America dominated most of the match, going ahead in the 43' by a goal from Diego Reyes. Two minutes after the start of the second half, Atlas' Rodrigo Millar tied up the match. Although America had nearly 60% of possession and outshot Atlas 18-9, the late penalty put the underdogs on top for good. Atlas, who is fighting Queretaro in the relegation battle, now has seven points on the year. Queretaro has five.
Elsewhere, Cruz Azul domintated Puebla and spread around the scoring duties with a 4-0 win. Chaco Jimenez, Mariano Pavone, Teofilo Gutierrez, and Javier Aquino each found the net for La Maquina Azul. They now sit in fourth place and have yet to see defeat.
On Sunday, Pumas were in need of a result after going winless for their first three weeks, but knew winning in Toluca would be a tough mountain to climb. In the most recent Apertura, Toluca played eigth matches and were victories in six of them, losing zero. Pumas started the match aggressively, but poor passing and finishing prevented them from going ahead until minutes before halftime. In the 44', midfielder Javier Cortes made a determined run in on goal after bringing the ball down in the box and dribbling through a couple defenders to send the shot past Alfredo Talavera for a 1-0 lead. The second half was a bit more defensive or the Pumas, evidenced by Toluca controlling position for nearly 60% of the match. The defense stood tall, with Toluca finishing with five shots, but zero on goal. With the win, Pumas finds themselves some air and a vision towards bigger things. Next weekend they'll host Santos Laguna.
Week 5: What to Watch
With both Club Tijuana and Tigres siting on 4-0 records, naturally this should be the game of the week as the Xolos will travel to Estadio Universitario on Saturday night. Beating Tigres at home isn't all that easy and Tijuana is a stronger home team, so this one could play out to a draw. Either way, I'd expect some scoring and some great futbol regardless of the end result.
These two games aren't necessarily something you'd call a "must watch," but the relegation battle in Liga MX surely is something to keep an eye on. On Friday, Atlas will travel to Chiapas while Queretaro will travel to Estadio Azteca to face Club America on Saturday. Both clubs are desperate for points and each week's results matter.
On Sunday, keep an eye on the Santos and Pumas match in Mexico City. Both clubs are trying to rebound from a subpar Apertura and don't want to repeat that poor performance. A loss for either of these clubs, especially Pumas who are a bit more uneasy at the moment, could be a sign of things to come.
AIG's decision to pay bonuses had prompted national outrage Nine of the top 10 recipients of bonuses from US insurance giant AIG have agreed to return them, New York's attorney general says. Andrew Cuomo said he hoped to recoup $80m (£55m) of bonus payments - which amounts to about half of the $165 million paid by AIG on 15 March. The US has spent a total of $170bn on rescuing AIG since September 2008. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is due to testify on Tuesday on the need to reform the US financial system. He said on Monday that the banking crisis showed the country's financial regulatory system had failed and needed to be replaced by a stronger system with better regulations. "Our system basically failed its most fundamental test," he said in remarks before he was due to appear before the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee on Tuesday. "It was too fragile." Ben Bernanke, chairman of Federal Reserve, will also testify before the committee. While attention will focus on the outrage over the AIG bonuses, Mr Bernanke and Mr Geithner are expected to highlight the need for tougher regulation to tackle companies that pose a systemic risk. Bonus tax? AIG's decision to pay bonuses despite being bailed out by the government had sparked widespread outrage in the US. AIG:TIMELINE 16 Sept: AIG avoids bankruptcy with $85bn bail-out 10 Oct: Criticised for spending $223,000 on executive spa weekend day after bail-out 6 Nov: The amount of money made available to AIG reaches $123bn 10 Nov: AIG reports record quarterly loss of $24.5bn 25 Nov: AIG chairman says he will receive $1 salary in 2008/9 and seven senior executives will not receive bonuses 2 March: AIG announces the biggest quarterly loss in corporate history of $61.7bn and receives a third bail-out of $30bn 14 March: Documents show AIG promised to pay $220m in retention bonuses. $55m was paid in December and $165m by March 15 17 March: President Barack Obama says he is outraged by the bonuses 18 March: AIG chairman calls on staff to repay at least half their bonuses 19 March: US lawmakers vote in favour of a bill to levy a 90% tax on big bonuses from firms bailed out by taxpayers 23 March: Nine of the 10 top executives who received bonuses agree to return them Source: Reuters Ranked the 18th biggest company in the world by Forbes at the start of 2008, it suffered massive losses related to the problems afflicting the housing and credit markets. AIG played a key role in insuring risk for financial institutions around the world. The troubled insurer reported a loss of $61.7bn for the last three months of 2008, the biggest quarterly loss in corporate history. The bonus debacle had prompted the approval of a bill by the US House of Representatives to impose a 90% tax on bonuses awarded by companies bailed out by the US government. But President Barack Obama said such a measure would be unconstitutional. The announcement that much of that money is now being returned seems likely to ensure that the bill never reaches his desk, says the BBC's Richard Lister in Washington. Mr Cuomo said that out of the top 20 bonus recipients, 15 had agreed to return their payments, which he estimated to total around $30m. "A number of them have risen to the occasion and I applaud them," Mr Cuomo - who is investigating AIG as well as several other financial institutions - said of the executives who had offered to give up their bonuses. He added that he expected to recoup all of the bonuses paid to US citizens working for AIG, which accounts for around half the $165m the company paid out, though so far it had only secured about $50m. Mr Cuomo said he did not plan to release the names of the employees who have agreed to return the bonuses, suggesting there was no implied threat that if an employee refused to return their bonus, their name would be disclosed. Bonuses ranging from $1,000 to more than $6m were paid to some 400 staff in the division handling the mortgage-backed assets at the heart of the financial crisis. Seven senior employees were paid more than $3 million, while 73 members of staff received bonuses of more than $1m.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa Academy for Creative Media (ACM) presents its 2017 Showcase Screenings and Awards Ceremony. All three events are free and open to the public.
Film screenings
ACM students will debut their newest films during the Showcase Screenings starting at 5 p.m. on Friday and Saturday, April 28 and 29, at the UH Mānoa Art Auditorium. The films will include narratives, documentaries, experimentals and animation. In many cases, this will be the first time an audience has seen these films, so anticipation is high. The films will be judged by the audience and ACM faculty.
Awards ceremony
On May 4, the ACM Awards Ceremony will be held in the Art Auditorium beginning at 6 p.m., with a reception in the courtyard starting at 5 p.m. Awards will be presented for best drama, comedy, documentary, animation, audience favorite and more. Clips of winning films will be shown.
“We welcome everyone to come out and show support for local film and the talented students of ACM ,” said Daniel Boulos, associate professor and chair of ACM Mānoa. “These three very special events wrap up our academic year and honor the best work of our student filmmakers, as well as other milestones of achievement.”
Social & Domestic Issues
Liberals and the media seem baffled.
They especially don't know what to make of the reaction by conservative, and more specifically evangelical, Christians to the news that the 17-year-old daughter of the Republican vice presidential nominee is pregnant out of wedlock.
The left-wing bloggers who peddled cruel and unwarranted rumors about Palin and her daughter undoubtedly hoped that accusations of a sex scandal and cover-up would destroy her political career. They succeeded only in forcing immediate revelation of a simpler truth — that Bristol Palin, 17, is five months pregnant, and intends to keep the child and marry the father.
Liberals must have hoped that the obviously not-abstinent teen daughter of a “family values” politician would be too much for conservatives to stomach. However, the conservative base did not abandon Palin. Instead, they reacted enthusiastically to her pro-life, pro-marriage positions and rallied around her.
How can this be? Aren't evangelicals harsh and judgmental, ready to brand anyone who violates their legalistic standards regarding sex with a scarlet A? Shouldn't they be writing off Sarah Palin as a bad mother who has raised promiscuous children?
The unfulfilled liberal expectation that Republicans would throw Sarah Palin under the bus is based on three profound misunderstandings of how social conservatives in general, and evangelical Christians in particular, think.
The first of these has to do with “moral values.” Yes, we believe that having sex before marriage is morally wrong (and dangerous — conservative values are pragmatic, not just moralistic). So Bristol's choice to engage in that behavior was wrong as well.
But while having sex outside of marriage is bad, deliberately destroying an innocent human life through abortion (no matter how that child was conceived) is far, far worse. That is why conservative celebration of Bristol's decision to carry her child to term — under circumstances where many would choose abortion — outweighed disappointment over her sexual behavior. (Her announced intention to marry the father is also a plus, despite the unfortunate circumstances.)
This situation only underscores the sincerity of the Palin family's pro-life convictions. Earlier this year, Gov. Palin gave birth to her son Trig — despite knowing that he had Down syndrome, a diagnosis that leads to abortion in eighty percent of the time. Now, the Palins have again chosen life. When pro-abortion zealots say, “You don't understand the agonizing personal circumstances that lead to abortion,” Sarah Palin can answer, “Yes, I do — but I chose life.”
The second misunderstanding is about the role of women. The liberal stereotype of social conservatives, especially evangelicals, is that we think women should be perpetually barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen, rather than pursuing careers and assuming leadership roles in the political realm. So shouldn't a mother of five (including a pregnant teen and a special-needs infant) be a homemaker, instead of trying to govern Alaska or run for vice president?
Well, yes — if she chooses to. Many intelligent, well-educated, accomplished women do choose to stay home with their children — and they should not be accused of “wasting” their talents or their education, as they often are by liberal feminists.
But those women who feel that they are able to balance career and family, with the help of a supportive husband, have every right to do so. Some of the most distinguished leaders in the social conservative movement, such as Beverly LaHaye, Phyllis Schlafly, Charmaine Yoest, and Connie Mackey, are women and mothers.
The final misunderstanding is theological. Contrary to stereotype, Christianity is not a religion of condemnation, but of grace. The good news, the gospel, the “evangel” (from which the word “evangelical” comes) is that even though every one of us is a sinner, every one of us can also be forgiven our sins, because Christ took the punishment for them on the cross. “Grace” is God's unmerited favor — the love he pours out on his children, not because we deserve it, but despite the fact that we don't.
So is Bristol Palin a sinner? Yes — as are we all. And Christians are embracing her with God's grace and love. Each year they do the same for thousands of other young women — who are unknown but in similar circumstances — through pregnancy resource centers. Has Sarah Palin made mistakes as a parent, and suffered heartache because of her children? Undoubtedly she has — which only makes it easier for every parent in the country to identify with her.
It's clear that the Palins understand grace. They are displaying one kind — and receiving another. Such grace is amazing — but not surprising.
Jupiter Ascending has some of the most stunning visuals we've ever seen in a space opera. The movie's spaceships are just stunning, and unlike anything else in movies or elsewhere. We talked to lead designer George Hull, and he told us how Brutalist architecture and Siamese fighting fish influenced these ships.
We've featured Hull's artwork before — he worked on the Wachowskis' previous movie, Cloud Atlas, as well as Neill Blomkamp's Elysium, Amazing Spider-Man, and of course The Matrix. (Plus he has worked on development for Star Wars episode VIII.) Whether he's designing futuristic cities or weird spaceships, Hull has an incredible eye for form and architecture, and his designs for Jupiter Ascending are eye-popping.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He walked us through the designs for the main spaceships in the film, as well as the mech suits. Our interview with him is below, along with some concept art.
What was the brief that the Wachowskis came to you with? How did they describe what they wanted?
Advertisement
I was working on Cloud Atlas in Berlin and the Wachowskis were about to start shooting the film, but they wanted to get me working on design exploration for Jupiter very early on. They knew they wanted a visual style for their film that was unlike anything they had seen before, and naturally the Wachowskis are always striving for over the top aesthetics.
For me, this evolved like a dream assignment. The highest prize for a conceptual designer, is to be asked to help invent a bold new visual vocabulary for a world (or in this film several worlds). Creating something fresh even slighty in a genre that has a lot of movie spaceships, robots and technologies, was the most challenging aspect of the design process!
I distinctly remember a dinner to kick off the small Jupiter team, where Lana asked me to really strive for a unique design direction within me as artist. These are coveted words for an artist to hear from a director, and from that point on I was on cloud 9.
Advertisement
This was simultaneously the biggest challenge for the biggest reward of my career. While they were filming Cloud Atlas, I got to draw spaceships from my home in San Francisco, and collaborating with vfx designer John Geata. The directors would describe the feeling they wanted like elegant, or pompous for Titus' ship. I tried painting a spaceship made out of glass or computational architecture.
This was the "what if stage". What If the palace of Versaille was a spaceship? Would the richest dynasty in the universe decorate their vehicles with statues and over the top ornate decor? I love juxtaposing high tech with low tech. So in this film I tried things like a spaceship dock with a cathedral interior and Chandeliers. It all has to suport he story though, and in this case show the wealth of the characters. This type of brainstorming was simply awesome.
Advertisement
I have to add that I was not the only artist on the film by any means. There were many other talented folks including Tani Kunitake, Steve Skroce, Reid Southen, Julian Caldow, Dom Lavery, Jona De Ro, Will Htay and Charlie Revai (Supervising Art Director), and many more -that worked very hard on the layers and layers of the visual components. My focus was on the ships and vehicles, but there is obviously a whole film of other sets, costumes and environments. We were all working under the direction of Hugh Bateup, the Production designer. Plus there was a massive visual effects team that brought all of the drawings and paintings to life. Dan Glass was the visual effects supervisor that steered all that gorgeous CGI work, which I thought it looked stunning. I'm just glad I got to play a hand in the hundreds of people it took to bring the Wachowskis' visuals to life.
Advertisement
When you say you had to create a whole new visual vocabulary, what does that mean?
Let's start by saying the Wachowskis start with a descriptive screenplay and drive everything visually. The first layer of look is well in their minds from day one. Creating a new visual vocabulary means simply to design a new hierarchal look. For example the Egyptian design aesthetic permeated their entire culture, or the language of colors and shapes for the Nazis. As a designer, Im thinking about what visual motifs drive each world's form language, architecture, ship building, fashion etc. What new technology could we invent for this society which could connect all the visuals stylings?
Advertisement
I collaborated with John Geata, to come up with an idea for what we called "float components". We imagined a localized gravitation or magnetic field to suspend and control objects hovering in space. I took this concept of separation and drew spaceships with suspend sails, and vehicles with wings made up of segmented armor plates. Im always looking to give function to form even in fantasy scenarios, so I imagined this technology was developend to free objects from locked mechanical hinges, allowing ships to rapidly change the shape of its wings, or to array its cannons away from it body per targeting objective. Ultimately I had to put all the ideas together and draw shapes through my own artistic filter and make it all look harmonious
How many different types of spaceships are there in this film?
Each sibling of the Abrasax family has its own stlying language and fleet of ships. The main characters are Balem (Eddie Redmayne) and Titus (Douglas Booth). Separate from the various houses of Abrasax, there is a police force called the Aegis, and they have a spaceship called the Aegis Cruiser plus an armored patrol suit called the Zeros. Balem travels in his giant clipper that we see docking into his factory within the eye of Jupiter. He also has a fleet of attack ships called Shadows which we see shape shifting while chasing our hero and destroying Chicago. Titus has his private or clipper as well, larger and more of a flying palace. Plus a planet jumper that shuttles in and out of the large clipper's dock. Because of this main action point, I designed the dock to be a large design element embedded into the side of Titus's ship.
Advertisement
I read somewhere that Titus' spaceship is supposed to look like a cross between an insect and a bird, with huge solar sails... were there particular types of birds or insects you looked at? Was that the only ship that was designed to look like a creature? Did you try to make the other ships look as different from Titus's ship as possible?
Advertisement
The directors wanted the driving theme for Titus's ship to be elegant, pompous, rich beyond belief. They gave me ref pictures that spoke the for gracefulness, and were very particular on the winged solar sail aesthetic. But putting it all together was a very hard challenge. I started by looking at elegant architecture, Art Deco, even Indian wedding jewlery. But elaborate and over the top embellishments were often busy and not graceful.
Eventually, I remembered no matter how cool an idea is conceptually, the most important attribute is always silhouette and proportions. All the decorative aspects should come later, so I went back and studied elegant animalistic forms. Butterflies, moths, but also Siamese fighting fish, and peacocks. Drawing a unique shape that had never seen before in the long history of movie spaceships was the hardest challenge by far! I absorbed all of the references in my head and just started drawing ideas through my own design personality. I was also studying decorated weapons from various cultures and I came across an Indian knife and pistol combination that had a very unique shape. I merged this inspiration with a rotated butterfly, I new I was onto something a bit different.
Advertisement
For Balem's ship, Lana referenced Albert Speer, who was a chief architect for Adolf Hitler. So I used more brutalism cues, a bit of gothic and merged with my own industrial shape vocabulary for an imperialistic motif. Lana and Andy are obviously very artistic minded and we would discuss things like linear forms to contrast the curved language being created for Titus's aesthetic. Shapes, textures and color palette all were carefully considered with Hugh Bateup acting as Production Designer.
It looks like there are some great space battles in this movie. Did you think of the spaceships in terms of their offensive capabilities? Also, how much thought did you put into how the ships would take damage?
Advertisement
The script called for a stand off between the Aegis and Titus ship. So I designed the back half of Titus's ship to be for armaments and sectioned for military. The ship is more ornate towards the front and the back as a tuning fork shaped tail, open on the end. This shape allows gun turrets to swing port and starboard without shooting it own fuselage.
Advertisement
What was the wildest idea you were able to use for a spaceship design? Were there ideas that were too wild to use?
Advertisement
Perhaps this isn't the wildest idea, but it is a concept in the film that I'd like to share... While working on Balem's ship, I was struggling with a overall theme for its shape. I asked myself what type of engines could I invent that is different from most films, which typically use cylindrical thrusters, like Star Wars.
I thought, if these Dynasties are plundering planets all over the galaxy, the fuel must come from space itself. I began researching dark matter engines and was excited to read it was a realistic theory, one that posits that the invisible particles could be scooped up from the ship, and collided together to thrust the ship forward. In turn, scoop up more dark matter for fuel, and so on.
Advertisement
Of course, no one has any idea what this would look like, but as a designer I used the sail motif of the film and drew them as a floating array of magnetized armor plates. I imagined between these plates a field could be generated to collect dark matter particles, and when the field interacted with them, some sort of blue illumination or current would arc between the ship and the wings. I thought it was a cool element but was kept subtle as not to repeat the lightning on the hovercrafts within the Matrix films.
Advertisement
What can you tell me about the mech suits? How were they different from mech suits in Avatar, Edge of Tomorrow or other recent movies?
The task of designing the mech suits was quite a challenge. The script called for them to be Armored Patrol Suits, human in shape with the wing theme that ran throughout the film's style. Making it different than other movie robots or mechanized suits was much harder than you might think. If a human pilots it from the head, and it has arms with guns, walks on legs- no matter how much you style the forms, it WILL look similar!
Advertisement
So we looked at the script and saw the Zeros only needed to fly and attack like a fighter ship, and never required it to walk. I asked myself how can I make this different, less anthropomorphic. This inspired me to aim for more insect silhouette when flying. I removed the typical 2 strong man arms, and replaced with an array of 6 floating cannons.
I remember meeting the directors in the kitchen one morning, and saying, "I think I've had a breakthrough on the Zero." I showed them some sketches of it and asked, "What do you think about having the guns float away from the body (in the controlled magnetic field technology) and array themselves differently per targeting objective? They could array all together for a big artillery blast, or array individually scattered as they weave through the chaotic minefield written in the script." This was one of the few times I've ever heard them say awesome!
Advertisement
Finally, what's the best part about working on a totally original space opera, as opposed to other genres? What were you most excited to be able to do from scratch? Also, what are you most excited for people to see?
For me I have always loved to read stories and see movies that in various ways ask "can you imagine if…...?" Sure its a bit of childhood wonderment, gee wiz. But even though movies are in the business of entertainment, I like to think creatively inspired minds leaving the theater is a good thing.
Advertisement
It is rare a film makes me really push aesthetics, but with the Wachowskis they are always imagining big! I love that feeling while working day to day — as well as seeing other filmmakers' creative work myself. It was a fantastic experience of my career, highly creative as always with these directors, always looking to push the boundaries visually. In my humble option, It is a great action movie meant to be a fun ride with amazing visual world building. I hope you support their world and go enjoy the show!
See more of George Hull's concept art here.
Professor Tweets That White People Should ‘Commit Mass Suicide'
“Liberalism is a mental disorder,” radio host Michael Savage is famous for saying. Many conservatives would like to believe that this is not true, and that Americans of different political backgrounds can come together on important issues.
Sometimes, however, a leftist says something so appalling that it's hard not to side with Savage. That's exactly what happened when a college professor took “white guilt” so far that he started publicly calling for mass death.
The Shimer College instructor's bizarre tirade began when he claimed that all white people were complicit in slavery, even through generations have gone by since the Civil War.
“Whether or not your individual ancestors owned slaves, you as a white person have benefited from slavery and are complicit in it,” Dr. Adam Kotsko posted on Twitter. “Sorry.”
Of course, there are so many problems with that claim that it's hard to know where to start. Are white people who immigrated from Europe long after slavery ended in America also complicit?
If we're wringing our hands over incidents that happened over a century ago, why not events that are more recent? Is every Japanese person responsible for the Nanking Massacre, or every Muslim personally responsible for 9/11? Where exactly is the line?
Incredibly, the unhinged professor — who holds a PhD in Theology, Ethics, and Culture — quickly doubled down on his idiocy.
“What follows from this?” asked a curious reader. In other words, even if we accept the premise, what then?
Kotsko immediately showed the incredible depth of knowledge that only a leftist professor can possess. “We should commit mass suicide,” he posted.
Not content with that astounding advice, the self-loathing educator helpfully explained himself by making a deeply racist statement.
“I know it sucks having a racial identity that exists solely to legitimate the subordination and exploitation of other races,” he posted, along with the hashtag “#whiteness.”
Yes, in the dark rectal cavity which this professor's head no doubt lives, the entire “white” race is nothing but a plague on the earth, which must be wiped out through self eradication.
Imagine for one moment if he had written the same thing about black individuals or, say, Jews or Asians. The racism coursing through his veins is so thick it's a wonder he has a detectable pulse.
Forget that “whites” — to use his term — are almost solely responsible for building the same grand civilization that allows him to comfortably tweet his hateful nonsense.
Radio, air conditioning, the automobile, the airplane, biochemistry, spaceships, the Polio vaccine, nylon, the computer… those are just the very tip of the iceberg of the inventions and discoveries made by “white” people, who Dr. Kotsko so loathes.
Within the human body, allergies occur when the body mistakenly starts attacking itself. In conditions where a person has been so safe, so unexposed to the outside world that their body has no reference point, allergy responses treat completely mundane things like peanut oil or dust as diseases, and work overtime to defeat the non-existent threat.
Kotsko and others like him are examples of cultural allergy attacks. The asinine professor has been made so safe and comfortable by the very Western culture he hates that he can no longer separate reality from fantasy.
He has started to attack his own race and everything it has built because true oppression is so foreign to him, he wouldn't know it if it slapped him on the face.
The truth is that America — a nation that much to his chagrin is still predominately white — is so successful and appealing that people literally risk their lives just for a chance to come here. Interestingly, people don't seem to be waiting in line to enter Somalia and Venezuela.
Calling for mass racial suicide — even as a bad joke — is sick. Self loathing is a sign of mental illness.
WASHINGTON-- Our Revolution on Thursday announced South Carolina State Representative Justin Bamberg will join the organization's Board of Directors.
“Our board is excited to welcome Justin Bamberg. He has a great record as a movement builder in South Carolina and beyond,” said Our Revolution Board Chair, Larry Cohen. “Justin has a strong record on progressive issues, including economic and racial justice. His history of community organizing, party building, and a proven commitment to building Our Revolution South Carolina will strengthen our board and our engagement in communities across the country.”
Justin Bamberg is a personal injury trial lawyer and has been a Member of the South Carolina House of Representatives for District 90 since 2014. During the 2017 presidential primaries he was an outspoken surrogate for Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign. Bamberg is most well-known for his role in representing the family of Walter Scott, an unarmed man who was shot in broad daylight in North Charleston, South Carolina.
“I'm proud to be joining Our Revolution Board of Directors,” Bamberg added. “As we saw from Tuesday's elections, local elections and local groups have the power to change our country for the better. We are building an organization that will lead the charge to bring policies that ensure social, economic, and racial justice to every community. I look forward to working with the board, our local groups, and supporters to make this vision a reality."
Our Revolution's Board of Directors are leaders in all aspects of the progressive movement including workers' rights, LGBTQ liberation, climate change, immigration, social justice, and civil rights.
Our Revolution's Board of Directors:
Nina Turner -Former Ohio State Senator and current Our Revolution President
Jim Hightower - Political Leader, National Radio Commentator & Writer
Jim Zogby - Arab American Human Rights Leader
Huck Gutman - Former Chief of Staff for Senator Bernie Sanders
Lucy Flores - Former Nevada Assemblymember
Shailene Woodley - Actress and Environmental Leader
Justin Bamberg-South Carolina State Representative
Larry Cohen, Chair - Labor Leader
Deborah Parker, Vice-Chair - Native American Leader
Catalina Velasquez, Vice-Chair - Immigration, Reproductive Justice and Trans-Queer Liberation Leader
Jane Kleeb, Treasurer - Environmental and Rural Leader
・dailymail.co.uk
アポロ計画や、あるいは「人類が月に行った」という歴史的事案にはいろいろと不思議な側面があります。
それだけに、人類が月に行ったこと自体も含めて、それは嘘だとか、それは真実だとか、いろいろな説や主張が存在しつつここまで来ていたのですけれど、月面着陸が真実だろうが真実でなかろうが、「もう何だかダメだ」と思わせる事案が発生しています。
今回はそれをご紹介します。
Sponsored Link
ことの最初としては、先週、アメリカで「盗まれたと考えられていたアポロ時代の NASA の数百のテープ群とコンピュータがアメリカのピッツバーグの地下室から発見された」ことが報じられていたことに遡ります。
かつて NASA のデータ作業を管轄していた IBM で働いていたエンジニアの住んでいた地下室から発見されたものでした。
下はそれが発見された時の 7月14日の報道です。
・arstechnica.com
これらは普通に考えれば、アメリカの宇宙開発の歴史の上で、他に換えることができないほど大変貴重な物たちのはずです。しかし、この見出しにもありますように、それを見つけたのはスクラップ業者で、つまり「ゴミとして扱われていた」ということになります。
そして、その「見つかった、本来なら貴重と思われるテープとコンピュータ」を NASA はどうしたか。
先に書いておきますと、NASA はそれらの「即時の破壊と破棄」を命じたのです。
まずは、その記事を翻訳してご紹介しようと思います。
ここからです。
Nasa destroyed mysterious Apollo-era tapes found in a Pittsburgh basement after claiming they were of 'no historical value', documents reveal
Daily Mail 2017/07/20
NASAはピッツバーグの地下室で見つかったアポロ時代の謎のテープの数々を「歴史的価値がない」と主張して破壊した
宇宙競争の中で使用された数百本にのぼる内容不明の謎のテープと、アポロ計画で使用された２つのコンピュータを破棄したと NASA は最近文書で発表した。
これらのテープとコンピュータ群は、世界初の木星探査機であるパイオニア 10号とパイオニア 11号の土星と木星探査に関しての記録、そして、アポロ計画について記録されているものだった。
NASA は、これらに収められている記録には歴史的価値がなく、また、これらのテープを回復させるのが難しかったために破壊・破棄したと述べている。
NASA は 2015年にも、アポロなどの記録テープを消去・破棄しているが、今回のこれらの行為は、陰謀論を主張する人々に「 NASA は何かを隠しており、そのために記録を破棄したのではないか」とする関心を引き起こしている。
長い間失われていたこれらのテープとファイル群は、IBM でエンジニアをしていた人物の地下室に 50年以上保存されていたことが今回判明した。このエンジニアは、ピッツバーグにある IBM アレゲニーセンターに所属しており、 1960年代から 1970年代に NASA に勤務していた。
科学メディア「 Ars テクニカ」によれば、このエンジニアが死亡したのは 2015年で、この地下室の物たちは、その時にスクラップ業者に遺贈されていた。
エンジニアの相続人は、スクラップ業者に「これらの貴重なものは盗まれて紛失しているのではないことを（ NASA に）伝えて下さい」と語ったと記録されている。
スクラップ業者は、2015年のクリスマスに「正しいことをしたい」として、これらの NASA のテープやコンピュータを自分が保管していることを NASA のゴダード宇宙飛行センターとジェット推進研究所に連絡した。
文書によれば、そのエンジニアは、IBM が 1968年から 1972年の間に NASA のそれらの資料を廃棄し続けていたため、そのテープやコンピュータ群の一部を（廃棄するくらいなら）自分が所有することができるかどうか尋ねると、「構わない」と言われたのだという。
今回、ピッツバーグの地下室で発見されたファイル群を調べるために NASA のスタッフたちがやって来たが、そのほとんどの磁気テープが 1967年から 1974年の間のものであることを発見した。
報告書によると、その後、 NASA の当局者は、すべてのテープを破壊・破棄するように命じた。
当局は「これらの資料が歴史的に重要であることを示唆する証拠はない。すべてのテープを即時の破壊によって処分することを推奨する」と破棄を強く勧めた。
NASA のファイル担当者によれば、これらのテープ群を調べると、保存されているデータを復元するためには非常にコストがかかることもわかったという。また、仮に、コストをかけて復元したとしても、リールから何かのデータが得られる保証もないと述べている。
地下室に保存されていた２台のコンピュータのうちの１台は非常に重いために、地下室から取り外すためにクレーンが必要だった。ところが、このコンピュータについていた NASA との契約番号「 NAS5 - 2154 」は、アメリカ政府の記録には存在しないものだった。
これらの一連の公式文書は、陰謀論を主張する人々によって、さまざまな疑念を呼び起こしている。
インターネット上には、これらの NASA の行為について、非難するものもあれば、60年の年月を経たコンピュータデータは使いものにならないとして、理解を示す人たちもいる。
しかし、検証も経ずに「即時のデータ破壊」を指令した NASA に対しては疑問の声も多い。
ここまでです。
いやもう、何だか NASA による「アポロ計画のゴミ扱い」にはすごいものがありますが、今に始まったものでもありません。
例えば、今回見つかったものと関係するのかどうかわからないですが、2006年には「 NASA が、アポロ計画の記録テープを含むオリジナルの資料を紛失した」ことが報じられています。紛失したテープの本数は 700本以上でした。
今回のものはこれと関係しているかもしれません。
下は、2006年8月に、日本の国立国会図書館のサイトに載せられたものです。
アポロ計画のオリジナル資料をNASAが紛失 国立国会図書館 カレントアウェアネス・ポータル 2006年8月16日 NASAが保管していたアポロ計画の通信記録テープが紛失し、約1年間にわたる調査が行われたものの、いまだ発見に至っていないことが明らかになりました。 紛失したテープは約700本におよび、ニール・アームストロング船長の有名な”この一歩は小さいが、 人類にとっては偉大な一歩である”を記録したオリジナルテープも、目下紛失状態にあるとのことです。 ただし発見されたとしても、磁気が劣化していて再生できる状態ではない、とNASAのスポークスマンはコメントしています。
他にも、NASA はアポロや他の「アメリカの歴史に残る惑星探査計画」の資料について紛失し放題、盗まれ放題、オークションに出品し放題となっています。
こんなにずさんに扱われてきた歴史的資料
これまで私たち一般人は「月に行った、行かない」で騒いだりしていたわけですが、当事者の NASA は、そういうところを超えていて、
「アポロ計画などはどうでもいい」
という態度を明白にしています。
下手すると、「月？ 何それ？ どこにあんの？」という態度さえ見せかねないほど、自分たちの成し得た「月への人類の着陸」という偉業にまったくの無関心ぶりを貫く姿勢を徹底させています。場合によっては、「そんなことは知らない」くらいの勢いがあります。
アポロ計画が終わってから 40年以上が経ち、現在の NASA のスタッフには当時のアポロ計画の時には生まれてもいなかった人たちも増えているかと思います。
そういう人たちの中に、「そんなものすごい資料とデータをぜひ研究してみたい」と思う人はいないのですかね。宇宙や科学が好きな若者なら、「何が何でも復元して当時の記録を知りたい」と思う人がいても不思議ではなさそうなのですが。
だって、それ以来、人類は月に行っていないのですから、まさにとても貴重なデータの宝庫だと思われるのに。
時間的に 50〜 60年経てば、確かに磁気テープはダメージを受けるかもしれないですが、しかし、保管されていたのは「人類が立つことなど不可能に近いほど放射線だらけの月面」ならともかく、地球ですし、そんなに全部がダメになるということもないのではと思います。
なぜ、そう思うかというと、私たちの若い時には音楽を聴くためには「カセットテープ」というのが主流でした。カセットテーブも間違いなく磁気テープの一種で、アポロ計画よりは何年も後に開発されたものとはいえ、基本的には NASA の記録テープとそれほど大きく違う構造ではないはずです。
当時は「アナログの記録媒体（テープとかレコードなど）は時間と共にダメになるから」と言われていたのですけれど、私が最初にカセットテープを手にしたのは中学生の時ですので、今から 40年以上前となります。
その最初の頃持っていた中のごく一部のテープを今でも残っています。
どうなっているかというと「音質は悪くなっていても、普通に聴けます」としか言いようがないのです。
他の磁気テープとして、ビデオテープがあります。
こちらは私が初めて手にしたのはずいぶんと後のことで、30年くらい前ですが、ビデオテープも当時のまま残っているものについては、やはり「とても画質は悪くなっているけれど、内容が何かわからなくなっているほどのものはない」と言えます。
おそらくですが、NASA の使っていたテープが、かつて秋葉原の路上で叩き売られていたようなバッタ物の安売りテープということもないでしょうし、ある程度は高価なものだったとすれば、40年経とうが 60年経とうが「内容がまったくわからなくなるほどダメージを受けてはいないのではないか」と思います。
結局、NASA が「データを即時に破壊せよと命令した」のは、それ（データのダメージ）が理由ではない気がします。
「記録の内容がわかったとしても、NASA にとって歴史的に価値がない」という判断だったのだと思われます。
結局、人類は月には行っていないのかも
私は・・・ここにきて、
「やっぱり、アポロの月面着陸はなかったのではないだろうか」
と、翻然と悟ったような気がします。
これは科学的証拠からのことではなく、普通、自分たちの組織の歴史的な偉業に対して、こんなにまで冷たくできるものでしょうか。
かつて１度だけ甲子園に出たことのある高校の野球部が、その際の記念品を「ゴミと間違って捨てる」ということは、そんなにはないことだと思います。
現役時代に１度だけ幕の内で最高優勝をした力士が、後にその記念品の数々を「オークションで売る」ということもあまりないように思います。
ところが NASA はアポロ計画に対してそんなことばかりしています。
このあたりは、過去記事、
・超巨大国家プロジェクト「アポロ計画」の国宝級装備品たちが次々と消滅したりオークションで売られたりしている「歴史のその後」
2016/08/16
という記事などでも、
・NASA から 400以上の宇宙関連アイテムが盗まれていた ・月面で月の石の採取に使われたバッグなどがオークションで売られていた ・アームストロング船長が月へ飛んだ際に使った宇宙飛行の装備品で満たされた袋が物置からゴミと一緒に発見された
などをご紹介したことがあります。
これらを見ていますと、「アポロ計画は本当に国家的な偉業だったのか」と思わざるを得ないような、粗雑で、ずさんな国家的価値の扱い方が散見されます。
日本でもどこの国でも、宇宙事業の資料や記念品をこんなにもずさんに管理したり、「ゴミとして捨てたり」はしていないのではないでしょうか。
あるいは、宇宙開発に関係するものは、どんな国家的価値のあるものでもすべてはゴミとして処分される宿命にあるということなんでしょうか。そういう慣習でもあるのでしょうか。
今ひとつわからないところですが、こうして、多くの人たちの宇宙への夢もまたどんどんと消えていくという形にはなっていきそうです。
月面に立つアームストロング船長の影。写真左上には枯れ草
・アームストロング船長の失敗
そもそも、最近は、「人類は物理的な宇宙開発は拡大できない」ということがデータから次々と明らかになっていて、そのことは、
・2017年の月面探査ミッションに続き、アメリカは再び「月面に人類」を送ろうしているけれど、結局は「人間は物理的な宇宙空間には行ってはいけない」ものなのでは・・・と思わせる問題が次々と発覚
2016/08/15
などで記したことがあります。現状のデータでは、ぶっちゃけ有人火星飛行など夢のまた夢で、できるとすれば、「火星に行って戻ってきた探査機からご遺体を回収するためのプロジェクト」以外での実現は無理です。
物理的な宇宙開発に明らかな限界が来ている今だからこそ、私たちは、いよいよ「本当の宇宙」に目を向けなければならないのかもしれません。
Remember the Nagpur pitch? No, not this one. The 2004 one.
Before their unexpected Pune triumph just under a month ago, Australia's last Test win in India had come on that 2004 Nagpur pitch, which, according to Wisden, had "looked like an old-fashioned English green seamer".
The lead-up to that Nagpur Test wasn't dissimilar to the lead-up to the final Test of the ongoing Border-Gavaskar series in Dharamsala. Australia were 1-0 ahead then, after two Tests, but India may have felt, coming into Nagpur, that rain had denied them a win in the second Test in Chennai. The series was shaping up to be just as competitive as this one has been, 12-and-a-half years later.
Just then, India came up against the last pitch they may have expected to see in their own backyard.
In the days leading up to Dharamsala, media reports have emerged that the HPCA Stadium pitch is set to be full of pace and bounce and, consequently, play into Australia's hands. "Fiery pitch for cool Dharamsala?" screamed the Times of India headline. Mitchell Johnson, speaking to Fox News, said he had never seen a Dharamsala pitch without grass on it, and predicted that Australia might leave out a spinner and play a third seamer.
"Chauhan's insistence that good carry would be a definite characteristic of his pitch was reminiscent of what Pandurang Salgaoncar, the Pune curator, had said in the days leading up to the first Test"
On Wednesday afternoon, three days before the start of the Test match, there was a smattering of grass on the pitch, though nothing as generous as on an old-fashioned English green seamer. The pitch was light green, so pale it was almost straw-coloured. It may look just the same on the first morning, or entirely different.
Sunil Chauhan, the HPCA curator, refused to divulge any details about the methods of preparation that had gone into this pitch. He did, however, say his pitch would offer something to all four - not three, four - disciplines: pace bowling, batting, spin bowling, and fielding. How can a pitch help fielders? By ensuring the ball bounces enough for edges to carry to the slip cordon.
Chauhan's insistence that good carry would be a definite characteristic of his pitch was reminiscent of what Pandurang Salgaoncar, the Pune curator, had said in the days leading up to the first Test. He hadn't just said the ball would carry; he had said it would "fly".
We all know what happened next. And Daljit Singh, the chairman of the BCCI's Pitches Committee, who landed in Pune two days before the first Test, is in Dharamsala too, overseeing the preparations.
Still, a pitch in late-March Dharamsala, located in the Himalayas and experiencing intermittent rainfall and maximum temperatures in the low 20s, will not behave like a pitch baked by the dry heat of late-February Pune, even - and this is probably not the case - if it contains the same soil and is subject to the same kind of watering. Even if it isn't an actual greentop, seamers might find early morning assistance, and some swing through the air.
Conditions like that could cause India to ponder including Bhuvneshwar Kumar, their specialist in seam-friendly conditions. Bhuvneshwar has only played five of India's 16 Tests since the start of their 2016 West Indies tour, but has taken 14 wickets in that period at an average of 18.71, including two five-wicket hauls. Give him a bit of help, and he becomes a sharp, accurate, two-way swing bowler who's always at the batsman.
Umesh Yadav has found some late reward in a season that his witnessed his new-found consistency in line and length AFP
Or India could include Mohammed Shami, who has been their most impressive quick this season, across conditions - when fit.
Shami hasn't played an international game since missing the last two Tests against England with injuries in his right leg. He has recovered fully, and has been building up match-fitness gradually - he bowled in the nets before the Bengaluru and Ranchi Tests, and then flew out to join the Bengal team that was playing the Vijay Hazare Trophy, India's domestic 50-overs tournament. He played two matches, bowling seven wicketless overs in a defeat to Gujarat and taking four wickets in 8.2 overs in the final against Tamil Nadu.
He is now with the Indian squad in Dharamsala - and has even tweeted about it - though not yet officially part of it.
ESPNcricinfo understands the selectors are enthused by the form and fitness Shami has shown while bowling in the Vijay Hazare Trophy, but remain cautious about his ability to extend that over five days. They, along with India's team management, are likely to assess his fitness in the nets and take a call on whether he can fit in their plans for the Test match.
In this series, Ishant Sharma has done a mostly competent job in terms of direction and has occasionally fired himself up into bowling a threatening spell or two, but he has still only managed three wickets in three Tests at 69.66.
Umesh Yadav has taken 12 wickets at 25.00, finding some belated reward for a season in which he has allied his pace and reverse-swing to a new-found consistency of line and length, but there still remain gaps in his bowling. Having barely bowled a bouncer on day one in Ranchi, for instance, he used it frequently in his first spell on day two, indicative of a bowler who still sometimes needs direction from the team management.
Shami is different, a bowler who gives the impression that he thinks on his feet. He uses the new ball better than either Ishant or Umesh, making batsmen play more often while presenting a gloriously upright seam that ensures he gets more out of the surface than the other two. He can get wickets with swing, seam, reverse-swing and - his specialty on Indian pitches - skid from a three-quarter length, while also possessing the most accurate bouncer of all the Indian quicks.
If fit, Shami walks into India's bowling attack. Will he be, though? And what of Bhuvneshwar? And even if conditions favour the seamers significantly, will India pick one or even both of them when neither has played any part in the series so far?
There is still a long way to go before we know the answers, but one thing is certain. India has a genuine pool of quicks, each with different attributes, to pick from. In the 2004 Nagpur Test, India picked a two-man seam attack of Ajit Agarkar and Zaheer Khan, who at that stage was still fairly raw and before that game averaged 36.56 from 31 Tests. In 2017, they are probably far better equipped to handle a similar situation.
Reps. Jason Chaffetz, right, and Elijah Cummings talk during a committee hearing in February.
BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images
The chairman of the House oversight committee announced this week the Justice Department had agreed to allow two members of Congress – including himself – access to legal guidance on electronic tracking of Americans' location, appearing to end a yearslong bid to look at the documents.
But the long-sought review of memos written after the Supreme Court's 2012 decision in U.S. v. Jones came with strings, Rep. Jason Chaffetz said during a Wednesday hearing. The Utah Republican said he and the committee's ranking member, Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., would be allowed to bring just one staffer each, and they would not be permitted to take notes.
“We were able to reach an appropriate balance between legitimate congressional oversight and protecting law enforcement sensibilities,” Cummings crowed.
But on Friday, Chaffetz told U.S. News he's not sure if he actually will review the memos. He says he's concerned that a burdensome list of demands from the Justice Department may hamper his ability to push privacy legislation that would require warrants for cellphone location data.
“I don't want to hamper my ability to actually craft legislation,” he says. “They gave us a whole list of things we're supposed to not do. I will live up to any agreement I make, but I'm hesitating because I'm not sure I should have to strike any deal.”
The quest for access to the memos began shortly after the Jones decision was made. Months later, the American Civil Liberties Union submitted Freedom of Information Act request. In response, the group received two lengthy but almost entirely redacted documents, dated February and July 2012.
In 2013, Chaffetz and Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., demanded the documents be released, but the request fell on deaf ears.
The secrecy surrounding the memos contrasts with what the Obama administration has previously described as effective oversight of surveillance programs by Congress. After whistleblower Edward Snowden's 2013 leaks, the administration said interested members of Congress could have learned about the most controversial programs, such as the now-discontinued automatic bulk collection of domestic call records.
“Their first premise is that we won't keep it secret,” Chaffetz says of the legal memos. “But I think they're worried that they are being far too intrusive – much more intrusive than the public believes.”
At the committee hearing, a Justice Department official appeared to suggest authorities fear an unfavorable court ruling when Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., badgered Richard Downing, the department's deputy chief for computer crime and intellectual property, for an explanation on why he could gain access to classified nuclear weapons information but not the location data memos.
“It's not really a matter of trust, that's not the right way to think about this,” Downing said. “The department has confidentiality needs in things like the positions we're going to take. … We're also worried that disclosures of one sort will be regarded later by a court as a waiver of a privilege.”
That consideration isn't hypothetical. Federal appeals courts currently are divided on whether a warrant is necessary for authorities to gain historical location information from cellphone companies, though the Supreme Court passed on reviewing the issue in November. Legal challenges to warrantless acquisition of real-time location data have been hindered by intense secrecy around cell site simulators – often called Stingrays – but a Maryland appeals court this week ruled a warrant is required for their use.
Historical cellphone location data is acquired by the Justice Department using a court order that has a lower standard than probable cause, Downing told members of Congress. But the data sometimes comes in bulk from so-called tower dumps. Chaffetz says “most Americans would be shocked that most anybody in the federal government can go look up your historicial records of where you've been and how long you've been there – that's fairly easy information to pull up.”
The Justice Department unilaterally announced last year it would require federal workers under its umbrella – including FBI and DEA agents, but not other federal workers with access to Stingrays, such as IRS employees – to get a warrant to track a person's movements in real time. That requirement does not apply to state or local law enforcement.
Neema Singh Guliani, legislative counsel at the ACLU, says the Justice Department, in imposing a warrant requirement on itself explicitly said the decision was a matter of policy not required by law. Such a policy could be changed without public notification, she says.
The 2012 memos sought by lawmakers were written after the Supreme Court ruled in U.S. v. Jones that police must get a warrant to surreptitiously track suspects using a GPS device. The majority decision, however, was based on trespass grounds. Two concurrent opinions, jointly signed by a five-justice majority, were sympathetic to requiring a warrant for GPS tracking on the basis that people have some expectation of privacy over their movement.
The Justice Department did not respond to a request for comment on why members of Congress cannot more easily gain access to the location tracking documents, but Chaffetz says he believes the reason is that the content would startle readers.
“I think this is probably very controversial,” he says. “I think there's a reason why they are hiding it so close to the vest. There's something they don't want us to see and that should scare everybody. I don't know what they're hiding, but when they're hiding something it scares me.”
It is well-established in the scientific community that increases in atmospheric CO2 levels result in global warming, but the magnitude of the effect may vary depending on average global temperature. A new study, published this week in Science Advances and led by Tobias Friedrich from the International Pacific Research Center (IPRC) at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, concludes that warm climates are more sensitive to changes in CO2 levels than cold climates.
Increasing atmospheric CO2 concentrations cause an imbalance in the Earth's heat budget: more heat is retained than expelled, which in turn generates global surface warming. Climate sensitivity is a term used to describe the amount of warming expected to result after an increase in the concentration of CO2 . This number is traditionally calculated using complex computer models of the climate system, but despite decades of progress, the number is still subject to uncertainty.
A new method for finding climate sensitivity
The new study, which included scientists from the University of Washington, University at Albany and Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, took a different approach in calculating climate sensitivity—using data from the history of Earth. The researchers examined various reconstructions of past temperatures and CO2 levels to determine how the climate system has responded to previous changes in its energy balance.
“The first step was to reconstruct the history of global mean temperatures for the last 784,000 years, using combined data from marine sediment cores, ice cores and computer simulations covering the last eight glacial cycles,” said Friedrich, a postdoctoral researcher at IPRC .
The second step involved calculating the Earth's energy balance for this time period, using estimates of greenhouse gas concentrations extracted from air bubbles in ice cores, and incorporating astronomical factors, known as Milankovitch Cycles, that effect the planetary heat budget.
“Our results imply that the Earth's sensitivity to variations in atmospheric CO2 increases as the climate warms,” explained Friedrich. “Currently, our planet is in a warm phase—an interglacial period—and the associated increased climate sensitivity needs to be taken into account for future projections of warming induced by human activities.”
Earth's past helps to inform about its future
Using these estimates based on Earth's paleoclimate sensitivity, the authors computed the warming over the next 85 years that could result from a human-induced, business-as-usual greenhouse gas emission scenario. The researchers project that by the year 2100, global temperatures will rise 5.9° C (~10.5° F ) above pre-industrial values. This magnitude of warming overlaps with the upper range of estimates presented by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
“Our study also allows us to put our 21st century temperatures into the context of Earth's history. Paleoclimate data can actually teach us a lot about our future,” said Axel Timmermann, co-author of the study and professor at UH Mānoa.
The results of the study demonstrate that unabated human-induced greenhouse gas emissions are likely to push Earth's climate out of the envelope of temperature conditions that have prevailed for the last 784,000 years.
“The only way out is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible,” concluded Friedrich.
Early in my career, I wrote my share of crappy code. There's always room to improve. If you keep at it, you eventually end up in a room with other top experts arguing about various methodologies.
Please, stop the madness
I've noticed a disturbing new trend, or a Malcolm Gladwell-esque epidemic actually. Rather than developers and startup entrepreneurs saying ‘we wrote it poorly because we're new and lack experience' they'll say ‘we built an MVP'. Nope, you've built a MESS.
Ideally I'd snap my fingers and turn everyone into quality programmers instantly, problem solved. Oh well, I guess I'll settle for trying to get the word out about what is not an MVP.
No excuse for crappy code
Minimally viable product is a heuristic for building only what is needed to carry out the task in the most basic form. MVP + Users + Feedback + Release = Version 1. Notice nowhere in that equation is fixing a broken spaghetti mess.
Own your mess
If you rushed something out on the cheap to get a proof of concept to raise money, that's understandable. I get it. But when you raise money, make sure to ask for enough to do the project right with a stellar team. If you aren't sure how much is enough, reach out to me. You want to form a team that delivers a Fortune 500 level product that doesn't need to be rewritten.
You only get one shot with someone else's money. If the business side doesn't work out, so be it. But if you delivered a quality product your reputation grows, and more opportunities will come your way. If you build a crappy, unstable product, and the business limps along or fails, all fingers point at you.
What should you do?
Have a spaghetti code base? It might not be clear exactly what to do and this can be tricky. The people at the top in life are always working, growing and improving with the help of others. It's how you got to where you are, and it's how you will get up through the next stage on your journey.
I have experience that you can leverage. If you don't use me, use someone else. The point is for you to get what is on your mind resolved immediately, don't wait. Set an appointment with me and tell me about your situation so I can help. Click this link to reach out. Something else on your mind? Whatever you need, I'm here. Life is meant to be done together, just reach out.
Fresh CTO Content 24/7 Stay aware of what Modern CTOs are discussing. Get fresh, relevant Modern CTO content delivered to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed!
BOSTON (CBS/AP) — Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted Wednesday afternoon on all 30 counts that he faced in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
He now faces the possibility of the death penalty.
Tsarnaev, 21, folded his arms, fidgeted and looked down at the defense table as he listened to one guilty verdict after another against him, including conspiracy and use of a weapon of mass destruction. Seventeen of those counts are punishable by death.
Read: The Verdict Count-By-Count
Judge: schedule for next phase is "undetermined"; it could be early next week he says. #Tsarnaev — Jim Armstrong (@JimArmstrongWBZ) April 8, 2015
The jury took a day and a half to reach its verdict, which was practically a foregone conclusion, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that Tsarnaev carried out the attack with his now-dead older brother, Tamerlan.
‘STEP CLOSER TO CLOSURE'
“Today's verdict will never replace the lives that were lost and so dramatically changed, but it is a relief, and one step closer to closure,” victim Jeff Bauman said in a statement on Facebook. Bauman lost both legs in the first of the two explosions on Boylston Street.
“Guilty like we all knew he would be. Great jurors,” victim Sydney Corcoran tweeted.
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said in a statement he was “thankful” that this phase of the trial is over and he's hoping for “a swift sentencing process.”
Read: Reaction From Survivors
In the trial's next phase, which could begin as early as Monday, the jury will hear evidence on whether Tsarnaev should get the death penalty or spend the rest of his life in prison.
“I am glad for the victims' families and the survivors that this phase of the judicial process has come to a close,” Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said. “Today's verdict will hopefully give some peace to those affected by the horrific acts of the Defendant.”
The government called 92 witnesses over 15 days, painting a hellish scene of torn-off limbs, blood-spattered pavement, ghastly screams and the smell of sulfur and burned hair.
Related: Ed Davis Reacts To Verdict
Survivors gave heartbreaking testimony about losing legs in the blasts or watching people die. The father of an 8-year-old boy described making the agonizing decision to leave his mortally wounded son so he could get help for their 6-year-old daughter, whose leg had been blown off.
Killed were Lingzi Lu, a 23-year-old Chinese graduate student at Boston University; Krystle Campbell, a 29-year-old restaurant manager; and Martin Richard, the 8-year-old.
MIT police Officer Sean Collier was shot to death at close range days later.
“I applaud the verdict rendered today by the jury in the Marathon bombing case, and I hope this brings some degree of closure to those individuals and their families whose lives were changed forever on that horrific day,” Governor Charlie Baker said.
DEATH PENALTY PHASE
Tsarnaev's lawyers tried repeatedly to get the trial moved out of Boston because of the heavy publicity and the widespread trauma. But opposition to capital punishment is strong in Massachusetts, which abolished its state death penalty in 1984, and some polls have suggested a majority of Bostonians do not want to see Tsarnaev sentenced to die.
During the penalty phase, which could begin as early as Monday, Tsarnaev's lawyers will present so-called mitigating evidence they hope will save his life. That could include evidence about his family, his relationship with his brother, and his childhood in the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan and later in the volatile Dagestan region of Russia.
Prosecutors will present so-called aggravating factors in support of the death penalty, including the killing of a child and the targeting of the marathon because of the potential for maximum bloodshed.
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
From German forests to the French Pyrenees, from the Rock of Gibraltar to Iceland's tundra, artist Aaron Hobson spends endless hours traversing continents looking for eye-catching scenes. He's a digital tourist and travel photographer, grabbing images from exotic locales in Google Street View (GSV) rather than mess with planes, climbing gear, or snow shoes.
There are plenty of GSV photo projects out there, but Hobson's heavily ‘shopped Cinemascapes are a refreshing departure from the usual documentary reality. Not only does he find the most compelling views GSV has to offer, he then mashes them up with dream-like elements to create illusory panoramas.
“GSV is a fantasy world,” says Hobson. “The locations I visit are places of fantasy for most people, myself included. Most of the images beg for a narrative or a folk tale. Storytelling is my favorite form of art.”
Hobson estimates that 95% of his time on GSV yields nothing of interest, but an accidental benefit is an increased geographical knowledge. “You could probably jettison me out of a plane over rural Brazil and I'd know where I was and how to get home on foot,” he says. Though when he does happen across something good, it's like finding a needle in a haystack.
“Patience is key. I will find an enticing destination and travel the road or roads ad nauseum,” he says. “If I'm lucky I will find the gem I am looking for along the way."
Once he's got a shot he likes, it's time to add some fantasy. Extensively dodging and burning with a paintbrush-like technique, Hobson works to find the contrast of light and dark that suits, then skews reality further with layers of surreal color hues. At first his post-production was restricted to just the environment — billowing black clouds have become a signature of sorts. When threatening weather stopped carrying enough drama and weirdness, Hobson began suturing images and dropping in beyond-scale elements. As a result we have the Irish coast overlooking New York City, ocean floods in Spanish side streets, and Russian Orthodox spires in tidal swells.
Hobson came to surfing GSV when he was location scouting for a movie to be directed in Los Angeles. He'd never experienced the service and a producer suggested he try it out. "I was hooked," he says. "Never even made it to LA to work on the film. I am a panoramic photographer and Street View was exactly how I see the world. It was a no brainer to check this technology out.”
Unfortuantely, having seen the advancement and consolidation of cinematic photo filters, Hobson has decided to put Cinemascapes into retirement. While his work is not purely about color and toning, he believes his methods have been reduced to a single tap.
“Instagram has taken the detailed and time-consuming skills I spent years mastering and wrapped them up into a one-button process,” Hobson reflects. “My nine-year-old can now make eerily similar images.”
All images: Aaron Hobson
It's just about mad enough, it might be genius.
OECD report: US life expectancy below international average
By Kate Randall
23 November 2013
A new report finds that life expectancy in the United States is now lower than the average in the 34 countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). The OECD report shows that while life expectancy in the US has been growing over the last several decades, it has grown more slowly than in other countries.
The OECD's Health at a Glance 2013 report points to social and economic factors contributing to the lag in the growth of US life expectancy: a large uninsured population, poor access to physicians, poor health behaviors, social inequality and poverty. For the most part, these factors will be exacerbated, not ameliorated, with the implementation of the Obama administration's Affordable Care Act (ACA), which keeps the for-profit health care system in place.
The OECD's report shows that life expectancy in the US has increased by about eight years since 1970, rising to 78.7 years in 2011. Other OECD countries, however, saw an average 10-year gain over the same period. While in previous decades the US achieved better than average gains, it now stands more than a year below the OECD average life expectancy of 80.1 years.
US life expectancy in 2011 ranked below that of every Western European country in the study, and hovered just above Chile, the Czech Republic, Poland, Estonia, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Turkey. It was below Greece, Portugal, South Korea and Slovenia.
The US fell significantly behind Switzerland, which has a life expectancy of 82.8 years, as well as Japan and Italy, both of which have a life expectancy of 82.7 years.
Mexico, the only other OECD country besides the US without some form of government-sponsored universal or quasi-universal health care system, ranked lowest in 2011, at 74.2 years. The study also included data from Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, the Russian Federation and South Africa. The latter ranked below all of the OECD countries in life expectancy, excluding Mexico.
Although the US spends more by far on health care than any other country—$8,500 per capita, compared to an OECD average of $3,322—this has not translated into improved life expectancy gains. The US also has a higher than average GDP per capita, but still falls short of the majority of its OECD peers when it comes to life expectancy—a key indicator of quality of life.
The high per capita health care spending in the US is not resulting in dramatically improved health care services, but rather in higher profits for the private insurers, giant hospital chains and drug companies. The US GDP per capita disguises conditions of worsening social inequality, in which a tiny minority at the top controls ever more of the wealth, while the vast majority of the people are either treading water or growing poorer.
Access to medical care is one of the main drivers of improved health and life expectancy. The report explains that most OECD countries have government-sponsored coverage of health care costs for a core set of services, usually including doctor consultations, tests and examinations, and surgical and other procedures.
In the US, however, 53 percent of the population was covered solely through private health insurance in 2011. Another 32 percent received their coverage through a government program such as Medicare or Medicaid, leaving a staggering 15 percent of the population uninsured. The best-case scenario under the ACA, according to the Congressional Budget Office, will still leave 31 million Americans, 10 percent of the population, without health insurance.
The United States also ranked above the OECD average for out-of-pocket costs, with the average household spending 2.9 percent of its income on health care.
The report also found that in the US “richer people are significantly more likely to visit doctors” than in other countries. Besides the US, countries showing sharp inequities in doctor visits in line with income were Brazil, Chile and Mexico.
The US fell significantly below the OECD average in the number of practicing doctors per 1,000 population. The average for the 34 member countries stood at 3.2 in 2011. With 2.5 doctors per 1,000, the US trailed Slovenia, Estonia and the Slovak Republic.
The US also ranks lower than the OECD average in the proportion of gynecologists and psychiatrists. When compared to other countries, a lower proportion of US doctors overall are primary care physicians.
The US also had a greater share of doctors over age 55 than the OECD average, and ranked fifth from the bottom in the number of medical graduates per 100,000 population.
The OECD report points to other factors contributing to the poor standing of the US in life expectancy. Suicide rates in the US were above the OECD average in 2011, at 12.5 per 100,000. The obesity rate in the US is the highest of all countries in the OECD and has been rapidly increasing, rising from 30.7 percent in 2000 to 36.5 percent in 2010. The report also notes that the obesity rate in the US “tends to be higher among disadvantaged socio-economic groups, especially in women.”
The US infant mortality rate, 6.1 per 1,000 live births, is significantly higher than in most OECD countries. It compares to rates of 1.6 in Iceland, 2.1 in Sweden and 2.3 in Japan. The US level of low birth weight infants is also higher than the overwhelming majority of OECD states, and increased by 13 percent between 1999 and 2011.
The OECD report is a devastating indictment of the health care system, and social conditions more broadly, in America. The lag in the growth of life expectancy demonstrates that despite the advances in medical technology, income inequality and social distress are having a detrimental impact on the lifespan and quality of life of millions of working people.
Medical care in the US is driven by corporate profit. Under the overhaul of the health care system commonly known as Obamacare, the profit drive will only be intensified.
The key provision of the ACA—the so-called “individual mandate”—is aimed at forcing millions of uninsured people to purchase health coverage from private insurers. There are no government-imposed restrictions on what the insurance companies can charge for their premiums, and people shopping for coverage are discovering that the cheapest policies carry huge out-of-pocket costs, including thousands of dollars in deductibles and other “cost-sharing” expenses.
Instead of expanding coverage, Obamacare will severely restrict the choice of doctors, hospitals and other patient services for millions of Americans. This is in line with the real aim of the health care overhaul, which is to reduce and ration care for the vast majority of the people, while cutting costs for the government and big business and boosting corporate profits.
The prospect of people living longer and enjoying their retirement is seen by the US ruling elite as a negative phenomenon that must be countered by reducing access to health care for millions, limiting “unnecessary” treatments, and slashing health care spending. The OECD report provides an indication of the life-and-death consequences of such policies.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
While Hull, which has just been named the UK's Capital of Culture in 2017, is well known for its white telephone boxes, the Humber Bridge and its connections with poet Philip Larkin, there is much more to the city.
Here are 10 things you might not know about Hull.
Civil War spark
Image caption Ye Olde White Harte pub in Hull's Old Town played its part in the start of the Civil War
Ye Olde White Harte pub on Silver Street in Hull is believed to have played a key role in the start of the English Civil War.
In the room now known as the Plotting Parlour, the decision was reputedly taken in 1642 to refuse Charles I entry to the town.
This sparked the first siege of Hull, which was the first major action of the Civil War.
Bligh's nemesis
The Bounty, skippered by the infamous Captain William Bligh, was built and launched in Hull.
Originally a merchant ship called the Bethia, it was built in the city in 1784.
In 1787, the Admiralty bought the ship for a voyage in the Pacific which, two years later, would see Captain Bligh cast adrift by his own mutinous crew.
Flying legend
Image caption Hull's Amy Johnson was a pioneering pilot who flew alone from Britain to Australia in 1930
Amy Johnson, the first female pilot to fly alone from Britain to Australia, was born in Hull on 1 July 1903.
In 1930, just two years after starting flying lessons, she completed an 11,000-mile journey alone in a single engine Gypsy Moth plane named Jason.
The pioneering pilot drowned on 5 January 1941 when the plane she was flying crashed into the Thames Estuary during rough weather.
Fantastic voyage
Daniel Defoe's famous fictional castaway, Robinson Crusoe, set sail from Queen's Dock in Hull on 1 September 1651.
As Defoe writes, it was a journey to remember from the very start: "The ship was no sooner out of the Humber than the wind began to blow and the sea to rise in a most frightful manner; and, as I had never been at sea before, I was most inexpressibly sick in body and terrified in mind."
Size matters
Image caption The tiny slit window at the George Hotel in Hull is believed to be the smallest in England
Not only is the George Hotel in Hull one of the oldest surviving pubs in the city, dating back to 1683, it also boasts what is claimed to be the smallest window in England.
Originally a coaching inn, its window - which is more like a slit in the wall - is said to have been used by the porter to look out for stagecoaches and customers so they could be given immediate attention.
Miniature marvels
Used by generations of model plane fans to decorate anything from Spitfires to Boeing 737s, tiny tins of Humbrol paints were manufactured for many years in Hull.
Humbrol, originally known as the Humber Oil Company, was founded in the city in 1919 and initially supplied bicycle oil.
However, in the middle of the 20th Century, plastic model kits by companies such as Airfix became hugely popular.
As a result, the firm began to manufacture "tinlets" of paint designed especially to make these models look as close to the real thing as possible.
What's in a name?
Image caption The origins of the name of Hull's Land of Green Ginger are lost in the mists of time
The Land of Green Ginger, at the bottom of Whitefriargate in Hull's Old Town, is undoubtedly one of the UK's strangest street names.
There have been many theories as to the origin of the name but it remains a mystery as none has been proved conclusively.
One idea is that it was named after the Lindegreens, a Dutch family who are believed to have lived there sometime in the 19th Century.
Godber's Gold
Bouncers, written by Hull playwright John Godber, is one of the most frequently performed plays in the English language.
On average, it is performed at least eight times a year by small to mid-scale repertory venues, and is toured at least twice a year by various companies, according to Hull Truck Theatre.
Film founder
Image caption Hull's J. Arthur Rank (left) founded the Rank Organisation whose films entertained generations
The Rank Organisation, which owned five leading film studios including Pinewood Studios, was founded by Hull-born J. Arthur Rank in 1937.
Classic Rank film productions include Brief Encounter, Great Expectations, In Which We Serve and, of course, several of the Carry On series.
Medicine man
In 1856, Thomas James Smith opened a chemist's shop in Hull and established his business selling cod liver oil to hospitals.
Smith and Nephew, now a FTSE 100 company, was formed when he was joined in 1896 by his nephew Horatio Nelson Smith and is now a successful billion-pound global medical devices business.
Some of what caused misery in Manning's life - his broken family, chronic loneliness, his homosexuality and gender-uncertainty - has been reported since his arrest at the isolated Forward Operating Base Hammer, near Baghdad, in May 2010. More sensational was the revelation at his pretrial hearing at the Fort Meade military complex in Maryland of just how much the military knew about his problems - and virtually ignored. As a schoolboy in the US and in Wales, Manning would be seized by fits of rage and slam books on desks if he was misunderstood or if he was teased as a geek or a gay. As a teenager, he was treated for depression; he pulled a knife on his stepmother; and one of his first intimate relationships was with a drag queen. Within a month of signing up with the US Army in October 2007, he was deemed a ''liability'' by superiors and assigned to a ''discharge unit'' - one step short of being thrown out. Before deploying to Iraq he punched a female officer in the face and was sent to counselling for talking about his intelligence work and training in a YouTube video. He was psychiatrically assessed several times but was allowed to remain in the service, apparently because of his computer skills. ''That mess of a child,'' was how an army officer involved in the case described Manning to The Guardian, before adding: ''No one has mentioned the army's failure here.'' Shortly after arriving at FOB Hammer, the bolt was removed from Manning's weapon on the grounds that he was a risk to himself and others. His superiors complained of his ''dissociative behaviour'' - body in one place, mind in another - while he sought online counselling on a gender transition. While being counselled in Baghdad for bad behaviour, he flipped a table, dumping a computer on the floor and was restrained in a ''full nelson'' as he ''went for a weapons rack''.
Manning had emailed a superior, complaining of his ''gender identity disorder'' - attaching a photograph of himself dressed as a woman. But the recipient did not act on the email until after Manning's arrest. Warnings that his outbursts and ''elevated levels of paranoia'' warranted the withdrawal of his security clearance were ignored. Manning was so insecure that when picked on by army colleagues he would wet his pants, and in the weeks before his arrest he stabbed a chair with a knife and later was found hiding in a storeroom, in the foetal position. Only then was he booked and told he was to be discharged - on the grounds he had an ''adjustment disorder''. How could security at FOB Hammer be so lax that Manning and his colleagues could leave secret military passwords on notes near their computers in what was described as a ''security free-for-all'' where the Pentagon and State Department's classified intelligence network was used as an entertainment system for music, films and casual viewing of intelligence and military video footage? How was it that his months of rummaging through the global archives, and his copying of a quarter of a million documents that had nothing to do with his work in Iraq went undetected? ''As vulnerable as all f---,'' Manning wrote of the system's security.
Arguing that ''the whole need to know'' principle had been compromised by demands for greater intelligence sharing between US agencies in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the US, former CIA analyst Raymond McGovern likened the Manning case to that of Abu Ghraib, in which only junior service members were held to account for the torture of Iraqi prisoners. ''In today's army people are told they can do things - if they get caught, the officers will be defended; if they are from the bottom of the barrel they get told they are rotten apples,'' he said. Ann Wright, a former army colonel and a member of the US Foreign Service, sees the Manning case as further proof of ''the whole system breaking down''. ''In my experience he would have been withdrawn from a sensitive post,'' she said. ''As a senior Foreign Service officer and acting or deputy ambassador in four different posts, I never had access to the unpardonable amount of data that that kid had in his wooden shack in nowhere in Iraq - the system has failed miserably.'' Both McGovern and Wright have joined a Manning support group.
Following a week-long pre-trial hearing, army investigating officer Lieutenant Colonel Paul Almanza late last week recommended that Manning face a court martial on all 23 charges that he faces. The court martial recommendation must be formally accepted at the Pentagon before a hearing date is set.
A friend of ours, Dr. Sam Brisbane, died recently. He was a Liberian doctor, and he died from Ebola, a horrible, nightmarish disease.
Information coming out of Liberia has been scarce. Since Dr. Brisbane's death, we've learned that other doctors and nurses with whom we've worked have also contracted Ebola and have died or are being treated in the types of rudimentary facilities we see on the news. As we live in dread of each phone call, questions about how we die and what we're willing to die for have been weighing on us.
The ancients had a concept of a “good death” — dying for one's country, for example, or gloriously on the battlefield. Solon, the sage of Athens, argued that one couldn't judge a person's happiness until one knew the manner of his death. The Greeks recognized that we're all destined to die and that the best we can hope for is a death that benefits our family or humanity.
For emergency-medicine clinicians like us, the concept of a good death can seem too abstract, intangible. Rarely are the deaths we see good or beneficial. We see young people who die in the throes of trauma; grandparents who die at the end of a long, debilitating illness; people who kill themselves; people who die from their excesses, whether of alcohol, food, or smoking.
Last year, as part of a new disaster-medicine fellowship program, we developed a partnership with John F. Kennedy Memorial Medical Center in Monrovia, the only academic referral hospital in Liberia. We collaborated with the hospital administration to develop disaster-planning and resilience programs and teamed up with the emergency department (ED) staff to enhance medical training and establish epidemiologic studies of trauma. It was there that we met Dr. Brisbane, the ED director. He immediately struck us as a genuine ED doc — at once caring and profane, light-hearted one minute, intense the next. A short, bald man with weathered skin and thick glasses, he spoke openly and easily; his laugh was best described as a giggle, and he swore frequently.
When we conducted an initial vulnerability analysis for the hospital, we discussed our concerns about severe supply and personnel shortages, regular power outages, and occasional electrical fires. Dr. Brisbane replied that what scared him the most was the potential for an epidemic of some viral hemorrhagic fever. He was right to be scared. We encountered rationing of gloves, a limited supply of hand soap, and an institutional hesitance to practice universal precautions, probably because of the limited resources. The hospital was not prepared for the kind of epidemic it's now facing — nor was the city of about 1.5 million people.
During our time at JFK, we became friends with Dr. Brisbane. We learned that he'd trained in Germany in the 1970s, had returned to Liberia to work, and had chosen to stay through the civil war and during Charles Taylor's despotic rule, continuing to see patients despite the bloodshed around him. He had welcomed the country's new democratic leadership and a new female administrator at the hospital — a first. He ran a successful coffee plantation and gave us bags of coffee every time we visited him. He was the father of eight biologic children and six adopted children, and he had numerous grandchildren around the world.
Within a few days after our return to Monrovia in June 2014, the city's first patients with Ebola presented at Redemption, the county hospital, and we soon got word that a doctor and some nurses there had died. Rumors were rampant, and staff quickly abandoned that hospital. At JFK, our colleagues grew nervous. There were tensions between the hospital administration and the public health ministry. There was no clear plan for what to do if a patient suspected of having Ebola showed up at the hospital. How would staff members protect themselves? How would they isolate the patient? How could they move the patient to one of the ministry's isolation centers? Dr. Brisbane was a wreck. He chattered nervously, his smile disappeared when he thought we weren't watching, and he openly wondered how he could protect himself. He told us bluntly, “Leave Monrovia.”
Then one morning, we arrived at the hospital at 7 o'clock and ran into Dr. Philip Zokonis Ireland, one of our young doctor friends. He was agitated, his fear evident in his face: there was a patient in the ED with suspected Ebola. The patient had lain in a bed in one of the small, crowded treatment areas for 6 hours, surrounded by nurses and other patients, until someone recognized his symptoms. We rushed to the room and met Dr. Brisbane and Dr. Abraham Borbor, the head of internal medicine. Others were sensing that something was wrong. Patients and their family members quickly disappeared, and nurses hung far back in the hallway.
The first priority was to get the patient out of the common room and into an isolation room, but the bed he was lying on was too wide for the doorway. So Dr. Brisbane, Dr. Borbor, and two custodians hastily donned gowns, gloves, and masks, then lifted the patient — mattress and all — and carried him into the isolation room, nearly dropping him in the process. The man had begun gasping for breath, and despite their efforts, within 5 minutes he was dead. Later that day, laboratory tests confirmed that he was indeed infected with Ebola virus. His body stayed in the now-otherwise-empty ED until it was retrieved hours later by the health ministry.
We remained in Monrovia for the next week and helped however we could. Dr. Brisbane brought his own thermometer and checked his temperature religiously, fearing the telltale sudden fever. He wore a fedora in the hospital as a protective talisman. And yet he still joked with us, displaying a sort of gallows humor.
A few days after we'd returned to the States, we got a call from a friend in Monrovia saying that Dr. Brisbane was in isolation and had tested positive for Ebola. The next call informed us of his death and hasty burial on his plantation. By late August, Dr. Ireland and one of the nurses we knew had contracted Ebola and were fighting for survival, and Dr. Borbor and a physician assistant who'd worked in the ED had died from the virus.
Dr. Brisbane didn't have to stay at JFK and continue to care for patients. He could easily have retired to his coffee plantation with his wife and children and grandchildren. He was terrified of Ebola, and yet we knew that every morning when we entered the ED, we'd find him there, seeing his patients.
Doctors and nurses have a duty of care toward their patients.1 We're expected, on the basis of our training and an unwritten social contract, to fulfill that duty even in less-than-ideal circumstances — in the face of depleted resources, for example, or undesirable patients. But we also have a duty to ourselves and our families, and when our work becomes life-threatening, we have to decide what benefit we will be to our patients and what cost it will exact from us. In such circumstances, we cannot be expected to uphold the same duty of care. But during the world's worst Ebola outbreak to date, clinicians like Dr. Brisbane are on the front lines — and are dying as a result. They care for patients despite the risks to themselves, despite the inadequate supplies and infrastructure, despite their insufficient training in infection control.
Dr. Sam Brisbane's death diminishes us as a people. But with apologies to his wife and family, who saw him die horribly and unjustly, and despite the deep loss we feel, we believe our friend died a good death — as did all the nurses and doctors who have sacrificed themselves caring for patients with this awful disease.
A statue of Robert E. Lee was covered with black tarp in Charlottesville, Va., Wednesday afternoon following a unanimous vote by the city council to do so.
The Charlottesville City Council unanimously voted Tuesday to cover Confederate statues in black cloth to symbolize the city's mourning of Heather Heyer, who lost her life during the violent Charlottesville riots.
WATCH:
WATCH: Crowd cheers, workers cover Charlottesville confederate statue https://t.co/PFFv3EbWT4 — MSNBC (@MSNBC) August 23, 2017
All five members of the council support removing the statue of Robert E. Lee from Emancipation Park, previously known as Lee Park.
Mayor Mike Signer asked Virginia's General Assembly to amend its law regarding the removal of statues after the “Unite the Right” rally. There is a court injunction which currently prevents Charlottesville from removing the Robert E. Lee statue, so instead they have covered it with the black tarp.
“It is time for the Jackson and Lee statues to be relocated to a battlefield park or a museum where they will neither be reviled nor revered,” council member Kathy Galvin said during a Monday news conference.
It is done. The statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee is covered in a black tarp following the violence of Aug. 12 in #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/MiN3MbPw7n — Matt Talhelm (@MattTalhelm) August 23, 2017
Police arrested three individuals for disorderly conduct and obstruction of justice after a group of protesters stormed a town hall meeting Monday. The council continued the meeting after the arrests, but changed the format into a town-hall session.
Follow Henry Rodgers On Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Posted on October 30, 2012
Clinton Rips Romney For Criticizing Obama Promise "To Turn Back The Seas"
Bill Clinton: “I was actually listening closely to what the candidates said in these debates. In the first debate, the triumph of the moderate Mitt Romney. You remember what he did? He ridiculed the President. Ridiculed the President for his efforts to fight global warming in economically beneficial ways. He said ‘Oh, you're going to turn back the seas.' In my part of America, we would like it if someone could've done that yesterday. All up and down the East Coast, there are mayors, many of them Republicans, who are being told, ‘You've got to move these houses back away from the ocean. You've got to lift them up. Climate change is going to raise the water levels on a permanent basis. If you want your town insured, you have to do this.' In the real world, Barack Obama's policies work better.” (Bill Clinton, Remarks, Minneapolis, MN, 10/30/12)
Ryerson coach Roy Rana saw the big picture Saturday night after the Rams' 84-75 semifinal loss to the Ottawa Gee-Gees at the CIS men's basketball championship. A sellout crowd, announced at 4,056, at the Mattamy Athletic Centre didn't stop cheering for the seventh-seeded Rams.
Carleton's Philip Scrubb goes to the hoop in Saturday's semifinal win over Victoria at the CIS basketball championship at the Mattamy Athletic Centre. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Tonight was a special night,” said Rana, who took over the Ryerson program in August 2009. “To see this type of support, to see this type of energy for Ryerson. When I got here, we'd have 150 people at a game and really have to beg them to come,” he added. “To see this type of support from our students and our community is pretty special. I just wish we could have won and kept it going.” The host Rams finished fourth in the OUA with a 17-2 regular-season record. They upset No. 2 Windsor 72-68 in Thursday's quarter-final to make the final four.
Article Continued Below
On Sunday, the Gee-Gees will face Carleton in an all-Ottawa final for the national title. The Ravens led their semifinal against Victoria by as many as 27 points, eventually winning 83-74. Philip Scrubb poured in 29 points, doled out 13 assists and pulled down eight rebounds to lift the top-ranked Ravens over the fourth-seeded Vikes on Saturday, earning a shot at their fifth consecutive CIS title. And minutes after the final buzzer sounded on the second-last game of Scrubb's college career, the guard from Richmond, B.C., lamented the mistakes his team made. “We didn't play well enough in the second half, and if we play like that (Sunday) we're likely going to lose,” Scrubb said. “We've got a lot of things to work on, and each individual guy knows what they've got to do.”
Scrubb's older brother Thomas, who will also graduate this season, grabbed 12 rebounds for Carleton. Marcus Tibbs led Victoria with 27 points. “We were a little sloppy offensively . . . that allowed them to get some open looks and some opportunities at the other end,” said Carleton coach Dave Smart. “Sometimes bad offence leads to bad defence because you are always in the transition mode and recovering mode.”
Article Continued Below
The Ravens roared out to a 27-15 lead after one quarter, then took a 48-32 advantage into the dressing room at halftime in front of a packed house — at the venue for Pan Am Games basketball — that included a small but noisy red-clad Carleton contingent who stood and chanted all game long. One fan held a sign that read “You got Scrubbed.” Philip Scrubb, who had 14 points plus 10 assists by halftime, contributed eight points in Carleton's 10-2 run to open the third. The Ravens, who'd beaten Victoria 80-64 at an October tournament, led 67-50 heading into the fourth. The late game saw the Rams lead 45-38 at halftime in their first CIS semifinal, in front of a crowd that included Toronto Raptors James Johnson and Bruno Caboclo. Vikas Gill drilled four three-pointers in a third quarter that saw Ottawa outscore the home team 25-12, and lead 61-57 with one quarter left. Johnny Berhanemeskel topped the Gee-Gees with 20 points, while Gill would finish with 18 points. Adika Peter-McNeilly scored 17 to top the Rams, including a three with about 3:49 to play that tied it up at 67-67. But a basket and two free throws by Michael L'Africain capped an 8-0 Ottawa run that gave the visitors a 78-69 lead with 47 seconds to play. Smart said it's fitting that two Ontario teams will face off in the final — Carleton, Ottawa and Ryerson were ranked 1-2-3 virtually all season. “I think Ontario's had the best teams all year,” the coach said. “Certainly Ryerson and Ottawa are two really good basketball teams and we're fortunate enough to be there as well. I think Ontario, I don't think it's been a fluke that it's gone this way. The Ontario teams have been the best teams most of the year and I think it's holding true here.”
One year after the inauguration of Egypt's Islamist President Mohammed Morsi, millions of Egyptians marched in city streets and squares across the country, calling for Morsi to resign. Hundreds of thousands of Morsi supporters held competing demonstrations, in some cases, clashing with opponents. Two years after people power toppled the dictatorship of Hosni Mubarak, Egypt's young democracy remains crippled by bitter divisions, as many of those responsible for Mubarak's downfall have been shut out of Morsi's administration. Fears of violence remain high, with Morsi's Islamist supporters vowing to defend him -- 16 have been killed already. Egypt's powerful armed forces gave Morsi an ultimatum today, demanding he share power, urging the nation's feuding politicians to agree on an inclusive roadmap for the country's future within 48 hours, or the military would take unspecified actions.
Three first-year Florida Gators football players were named Thursday to the 2013 SEC All-Freshman team as voted on by the league's 14 coaches.
Running back Kelvin Taylor, cornerback Vernon Hargreaves III and punter Johnny Townsend were each honored as members of the team, giving Florida the second-most selections to Arkansas, Ole Miss and South Carolina (four each).
Taylor played sparingly early in the season but started the final five games of the 2013 campaign, finishing with 508 yards and four touchdowns on 111 carries. He broke out with 21 touches for a career-high 96 yards and two touchdowns on Nov. 16 when the Gators played the Gamecocks on the road.
Hargreaves, who was also named to the 2013 All-SEC First Team, saw action from the get go and registered a team-high three interceptions on the season. He also broke up a team-high 11 passes and compiled 38 tackles through 12 games.
Townsend took over the punting duties due to some early-season struggles from Florida's incumbent and booted the ball a total of 29 times. He averaged 42.0 yards per punt, kicking five more than 50 yards and dropping six inside the 20-yard line.
Public Uncertain, Divided Over America's Place in the World
5. Views of Israel and Palestinians
As has been the case for decades, the American public expresses more sympathy toward Israel than the Palestinians. Just over half of Americans (54%) say that in the dispute between the two they sympathize more with Israel, while 19% sympathize more with the Palestinians; 13% volunteer that they sympathize with neither side and 3% sympathize with both.
These views are only modestly changed from July 2014. The share sympathizing more with Israel is little changed, while the share sympathizing more with the Palestinians has ticked up from 14% then to 19% today.
The partisan gap remains wide. Three-quarters of Republicans (75%) say they sympathize more with Israel (just 7% say they sympathize more with the Palestinians). And though a larger share of Democrats sympathize more with Israel than with the Palestinians, that margin is much narrower (43% vs. 29%). By 52% to 19%, independents express more sympathy for Israel than the Palestinians.
While independents are more likely to express sympathy toward Israel by a 52% to 19% margin, there is a large difference between those who lean toward the Democratic Party and those who lean toward the GOP. Republican leaners sympathize more with Israel by an overwhelming margin (72% vs.9%), in line with the views of Republican identifiers. The sympathies of Democratic leaners, however, are divided: 34% say they sympathize more with Israel and 33% say the Palestinians, while another third either volunteer that they sympathize with both (3%) or neither (16%), nor do not offer an opinion (13%). Democratic leaners are less likely than Democratic identifiers to sympathize with Israel.
There is also a wide ideological difference within the Democratic Party. By more than two-to-one (53% vs. 19%) conservative and moderate Democrats sympathize more with Israel. Liberal Democrats, on the other hand, are statistically divided in their views: 33% sympathize more with Israel and 40% sympathize more with the Palestinians.
Among Republicans, an overwhelming majority of conservative Republicans (79%) sympathize more with Israel, as do a slightly narrower majority of moderate and liberal Republicans (65%).
Notably, there are no differences in views by candidate support among GOP voters. By contrast, while Clinton supporters, on balance, are more likely to sympathize with Israel (47% vs. 27%), Sanders supporters are divided (33% sympathize more with Israel, 39% sympathize more with Palestinians).
Over the past decade, the share of Americans saying they sympathize more with Israel has grown among most ideological groups – with the exception of liberal Democrats.
Today 33% of liberal Democrats say they sympathize more with Israel, a share that is little changed over the last 10 years. At the same time, the share of liberal Democrats who say they sympathize more with the Palestinians is now higher than it has been at any point in the last 15 years (40%), due in part to somewhat fewer liberal Democrats volunteering that they sympathize equally with both sides, or neither side, nor that they do not know.
Conservative and moderate Democrats, by contrast, express more sympathy toward Israel (53%) than the Palestinians (19%) today. And the balance of opinion among conservative and moderate Democrats is little changed over the last decade.
Both moderate and liberal Republicans and conservatives in the party have become more sympathetic to Israel over the last 10 years.
There also are generational differences in sympathies in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Older generations tend to be more sympathetic toward Israel than younger generations.
Currently, 43% of Millennials report sympathizing more with Israel, while 27% are more sympathetic to the Palestinians. The share sympathizing with the Palestinians has risen significantly in recent years, from 9% in 2006 to 20% in July 2014 to 27% today. The share sympathizing with Israel is little changed over this period.
Among older generations, the balance of opinion is little changed over the course of the decade. Baby Boomers and those in the Silent generation sympathize more with Israel by about four-to-one. Generation Xers are somewhat less sympathetic toward Israel than older generations; still, by roughly three-to-one (54% vs. 17%), they say they sympathize more with Israel than the Palestinians.
Can Israel and an independent Palestinian state peacefully coexist?
By a 50% to 42% margin, more Americans say that there is a way for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully than say that there is not. More now say a two-state solution is possible than said this in August 2014 (43%) shortly after the end of weeks of hostilities between Israel and Hamas.
Younger adults are the most likely to say a peaceful two-state solution is possible: 60% of those under 30 say this. Older adults are more skeptical than younger people; nearly half of those ages 65 and older (49%) say a two-state solution is not possible.
There also are partisan differences on this issue. Conservative Republicans are the most doubtful about the viability of an independent Palestinian state peacefully coexisting with Israel; 60% say it is not possible to find such a solution. On the other end of the ideological spectrum, two-thirds of liberal Democrats (67%) say a peaceful two-state solution is possible.
There are modest educational and racial differences. More-educated Americans are more likely to say the two states could coexist peacefully, while less-educated Americans are divided. And white Americans are divided while majorities of blacks and Hispanics say an independent Palestinian state could peacefully exist alongside Israel. Overall, more now say a two state solution is possible than said this in 2014.
Democrats, in particular, are more likely now to say that a way can be found for two states to coexist than they were two years ago: Today 61% say there is a way for an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully with Israel, up from 49% in August 2014.
But Republican views are little changed from two years ago: 38% now say Israel and an independent Palestinian state could peacefully coexist, identical to the share saying this in 2014.
About half of independents (51%) see a two-state solution as possible, up from 43% in August 2014, but little different than in April 2014.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 18, 2017, 1:48 AM GMT / Updated July 18, 2017, 3:31 AM GMT By Leigh Ann Caldwell
WASHINGTON — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell acknowledged Monday night that he lacked the votes to pass the Senate health care bill after two more Republican senators came out against it, leaving the party short of a majority.
Instead, he said the Senate would vote on a full repeal of Obamacare, with two years before the repeal goes into effect to allow time to create a new system. The new plan may appear to fulfill a seven-year GOP promise, but it faces extremely difficult odds after many moderate Republican senators have already come out against repeal without an immediate replacement.
Sens. Jerry Moran of Kansas and Mike Lee of Utah set the chain of events in motion Monday night when they announced on Twitter that they both would oppose the current bill, which was released just last week.
Moran and Lee followed two other Republican senators who had already said they wouldn't support the bill: Rand Paul of Kentucky and Susan Collins of Maine.
"After conferring with trusted experts regarding the latest version of the Consumer Freedom Amendment, I have decided I cannot support the current version of the Better Care Reconciliation Act," Lee said in a statement. "In addition to not repealing all of the Obamacare taxes, it doesn't go far enough in lowering premiums for middle class families; nor does it create enough free space from the most costly Obamacare regulations."
Moran issued this statement: "We should not put our stamp of approval on bad policy. Furthermore, if we leave the federal government in control of everyday healthcare decisions, it is more likely that our healthcare system will devolve into a single-payer system, which would require a massive federal spending increase. We must now start fresh with an open legislative process to develop innovative solutions that provide greater personal choice, protections for pre-existing conditions, increased access and lower overall costs for Kansans."
The senators released their statements just as eight other lawmakers, including most members of leadership, left the White House, where they ate dinner with the president. President Donald Trump has been largely disengaged from the process in the Senate, and his dinner guests were members already supportive of the measure.
The president responded to the latest development just after 10:15 p.m. ET:
McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, is seeking to give Trump what he wants. McConnell, who had worked to craft the bill that couldn't muster enough support, said he would seek a vote on a full repeal — the same version that passed both the House and the Senate in 2015 — "in the coming days."
"Regretfully, it is now apparent that the effort to repeal and immediately replace the failure of Obamacare will not be successful," McConnell said in a statement.
While straight repeal passed the Senate in 2015, there was no possibility that it would go into effect because then-President Barack Obama vetoed the legislation.
Just last week, Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., told reporters that straight repeal wouldn't get the support of 50 Republicans.
McConnell had expected to hold a vote on the bill this week but was forced to delay it after Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., underwent surgery to remove a blot clot above his left eye over the weekend. McCain is unable to return to Washington while he recovers, and his vote would have been crucial before the latest defections.
The Better Care Reconciliation Act has hit numerous roadblocks since it was unveiled more than a month ago. The first version fell short of the support needed to pass when at least 10 Republican senators came out against it, forcing McConnell back to the drawing board to try to win the support of moderate and conservative Republicans who opposed the measure for different reasons.
The second iteration, released last week, seemed to have more support. Only Paul and Collins opposed it at the outset, and others with concerns seemed open to ongoing discussions about the bill.
But the coalition of 50 began to crack Monday when Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., told reporters that he was concerned about McConnell's reassurance to centrists that Medicaid cuts set to go into effect in 2025 would never be realized.
"I did find the story about Leader McConnell's comments about Medicaid reforms just too far in the future probably never being enacted — I found those pretty troubling," Johnson said.
The delay due to McCain's medical emergency didn't help matters, either, as some worried that it would allow more time for opponents to press their efforts. The only polls at measure about 15 percent support, according to public surveys, and Republican Senate offices have been home to nearly daily protests by activists opposed to the Republican plan.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York said Republicans should "start from scratch and work with Democrats" on a bill to fix problems with Obamacare.
"This second failure of Trumpcare is proof positive that the core of this bill is unworkable," Schumer said in a statement.
Still, Republican senators are promoting their own ideas on how to move forward.
McCain released a statement saying Republicans should forgo the current process, start over and work with Democrats.
"The Congress must now return to regular order, hold hearings, receive input from members of both parties, and heed the recommendations of our nation's governors so that we can produce a bill that finally provides Americans with access to quality and affordable health care," McCain said.
Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., tweeted a link to an opinion piece he wrote, promoting his idea of allowing each state to determine whether Obamacare — or another idea — works for the state.
Documentary in which Jameela Jamil finds out if it's true that children are being exposed to more pornography than ever before - and what the effects of that might be.
Jameela Jamil finds out if it's true that children are being exposed to more pornography than ever before - and what the effects of that might be. With smartphones and tablets making it easier than ever to get hold of the most explicit images, there are fears that each generation is seeing porn earlier than the one before, so Jameela meets teenagers across the country to hear from them what impact it has had on their attitudes and behaviour.
With an exclusive survey, the biggest of its kind, revealing the truth about how much porn kids really see, she also talks to those behind some of the mostly commonly viewed material, including one of Britain's best known porn stars and rap artist Skepta, to see if they are worried about who's watching.
She visits a family whose eight-year-old son was unexpectedly exposed to hardcore porn and, as she hears how it has directly affected people's lives, Jameela asks if teaching children about porn could be the answer - and if so, at what age that should start.
Last year Budweiser started a new venture to get more people to drink Budweiser and expand their brand. This adventure was called Project 12. The idea is simple and cool. All the head brewers from all the Budweiser plants get to make a beer however they want… as long as they use the same yeast. This is very important and will be discussed more later. The yeast they were given is the same yeast they always use for all their beers, “the signature yeast first used by Adolphus Busch in 1876, creating brews that show Budweiser's clean and crisp flavor.”
You may not have heard of Project 12 before but what you did hear about, unless you missed Super Bowl XLVI, is Budweiser Black Crown. Black Crown won the Project 12 competition last year and got released as a major nationwide roll out featuring far too many confusing commercials during last years Super Bowl. So it's a pretty exciting honor for these head brewers and I'm not sure but I hope that whoever wins get's a nice fat bonus at the end of the year.
Before we get into my thoughts on these beers, which I'm keeping shorter than usual, Budweiser designates all these beers by the zip code of the brewery that made them. Everyone else calls them by their names. I put their names above each section then below that is the blurb Budweiser sent me including the batch # (aka zip code) and the city it was made in. First off is the beer from just up the road from us in Columbus!
Beechwood Bock
Batch 43229 (Columbus, Ohio): Brewed with chocolate and caramel malts for a rich auburn appearance and finished on Beechwood chips for a crisp, clean taste, this deep amber lager is 6 percent ABV.
Crystal clear ruddy brown shade with a touch of off-white head that faded fast. Super malty aroma with lots of caramel and a touch of chocolate though no hops what so ever. I'm wondering if caramel was a core ingredient in this beer, it sure tastes that way. Sadly the sweetness becomes cloying as it warms. Curiously light-medium body with loads of carbonation, a thing Budweiser does amazing at and keeps up here, like the cloying sweetness that develops there is also a strange slickness on the palette about halfway through.
North Pacific Lager
Batch 94534 (Fairfield, Calif.): Brewed with a unique blend of North Pacific hop varieties, including Cascade and Palisade, this bold, hoppy lager is 5.5 percent alcohol by volume (ABV) and offers a distinct taste of the American Northwest.
Bright and beautifully clear golden color with a nice light topping of pure white head that fades down fast. It's got nice pine and citrus hop aromas but these are incredibly light. Taste is weird, I think it's the combo of the clean lager yeast, the grains, and the hops. Calling it weird may have been unfair, it is highly atypical and it provides evidence of why there aren't many really hoppy lagers. Very light, crisp, and clean body. I'm wondering if someone just dry hopped a Budweiser?
Vanilla Bourbon Cask
Batch 23185 (Williamsburg, Va.): Aged on a bed of bourbon barrel staves and vanilla beans, this light amber lager indulges the sweet side and features a 5.5 percent ABV.
Definitely lives up its to its name on the vanilla and bourbon fronts and slightly over does those flavors. Outside of those two dynamics this is just your basic Budweiser. I'm wondering if they just through some bourbon soaked oak chips or staves into a vat of Budweiser then dumped in a couple of gallons of vanilla flavoring? It's not horrible by any means and was my favorite the most enjoyable of the three. I think the head brewer who planned this could have great things ahead of him if he were at a company that allowed freedom and creativity to truly flourish.
Importance of Yeast
What all these beers truly showcase is the importance of yeast in beer. A quick background, yeast is a microorganism that east sugar and turns it into alcohol and CO2. Brewers don't make beer, they make wort, add yeast, and yeast makes beer. This contest at Budweiser restricted the brewers to use 1 yeast, the same standard yeast used in all Budweiser beers. I went to my local homebrew store and counted the number of yeasts available to homebrewers from just 1 company, there were 65 different yeast strains available. 65! And these Budweiser brewers could only use 1.
Now all 65 of those yeast strains at Osborn Brewing aren't going to make 65 different styles. There are a couple of strains for Belgians to give off nice fruity esters, and a few for lagers with no fruity esters and a nice clean taste, and a lot for other ales of all varieties. I want to stress this again, home brewers can use 65+ yeasts, craft brewers I've talked to will maintain 5 – 10 (Stone or New Belgium probably have a few hundred), in the Lambic region of Belgium they use whatever floats on by, and the brewers in this competition got 1 yeast to use.
FULL DISCLOSURE: This beer was sent to me for free by a Budwesier PR firm. To our readers, and any breweries interested in sending me stuff, giving me free stuff impacts the review in only 1 way. That way is that I WILL review the beer and I WILL write a blog post about it. Giving me free beer does not guarantee you a favorable review or that I will tell everyone to go buy it or anything like that.
Christie's, Huckabee's and Bush's gaffes explain why conservative voters don't trust their candidates.
Republican presidential candidates Mike Huckabee and Jeb Bush during the CNBC Republican presidential debate on Oct. 28, 2015, in Boulder, Colo. (Photo11: Robyn Beck, AFP/Getty Images)
In all the liberal news media foofaraw after Wednesday night's Republican debate on CNBC, most people missed the liberal presidential candidates. No, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and Martin O'Malley didn't crash the party. Jeb Bush, Chris Christie and Mike Huckabee forgot which party they belong to.
In the middle of a contest to attract conservative Republican primary voters, the two former governors and a sitting governor each took time out to endorse big government. Bush's gaffe could well signal that the end of his campaign is nigh.
Here's what Huckabee said: “Instead of cutting benefits for old people, cutting benefits for sick people — why don't we say, 'Let's cure the four big cost-driving diseases … diabetes, heart disease, cancer and Alzheimer's?' …
"You want to fix Medicare? Focus on the diseases that are costing us the trillions of dollars. …. Eradicate those and you fix Medicare and you've fixed America, its economy and you've made people's lives a heck of a lot better."
Unless Huckabee was talking about his magic wand, the former Arkansas governor is proposing a big government plan to fund disease research, something the United States already does to the tune of billions of dollars a year.
For Christie's part, responding to a question about high drug prices, he argued that government prosecutors should go after the meany-mean companies that charge prices he doesn't like.
Here's what Christie said: “We don't need Hillary Clinton's price controls. … What we do, though, is, if there is somebody who is price-gouging, we have laws for prosecutors to take that on. Let's let a Justice Department — and I will make an attorney general who will enforce the law and make justice more than just a word. It will be a way of life.”
Of course, if the New Jersey governor's big government price prosecutors started throwing drug company execs in jail for charging high prices, it might make Huckabee's plan for government to shower drug researchers with federal grants a bit more expensive and a lot less productive.
That's why Republican voters shy away from big government solutions: Even plans with the best of intentions have destructive consequences that undermine other important goals. You can't have a government that aggressively throws drug execs in jail for charging high prices and have a vibrant drug research industry that cures diseases fast enough to save Medicare.
Democrats are typically the ones who forget this inconvenient fact of life, not Republicans. But the Christie/Huckabee plan for big government health care wasn't the night's greatest farce. That was provided by Jeb Bush.
During the debate, the former Florida governor denounced regulation as one reason for today's slow economic growth and blamed the cost of complying with regulations for forcing small businesses to close. Then he was asked about the $18 billion fantasy sports industry.
Here's what Bush said: “I think this has become something that needs to be looked at in terms of regulation. Effectively, it is day-trading without any regulation at all. And when you have insider information, which apparently has been the case, where people use that information and use big data to try to take advantage of it, there has to be some regulation.”
Got a problem? Jeb has a solution: Regulation, regulation, regulation.
Realizing that he had just endorsed regulations three times in 60 words, sounding like Jan Brady in the process ("Marcia, Marcia, Marcia"), Bush tried to walk it back:
“If they can't regulate themselves, then the NFL needs to look at just, you know, moving away from them a little bit. And there should be some regulation. I have no clue whether the federal government is the proper place. My instinct is to say, hell no, just about everything about the federal government.”
Christie interrupted before Bush finished his thought, but the damage was done. This is exactly why conservative Republican primary voters do not trust establishment candidates.
When Bush was confronted with an issue he wasn't perfectly prepared for, his instinct was to go for the standard issue big government answer: regulation.
And that is why all the money in the world probably can't save Bush's campaign.
David Mastio, who worked as a speechwriter for a member of the Cabinet in the George W. Bush administration, is the Deputy Editorial Page editor of USA TODAY. Follow Mastio on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1NbrE76
CLOSE Gates native Phillip Casaceli owns the New York City bar Daddy-O. On the menu is The Plate, based on the Nick Tahou's creation. Read more at DemocratandChronicle.com. Tracy Schuhmacher
Phillip Casaceli, who owns Daddy-O in New York City, grew up in Gates and attended Spencerport High School. (Photo: provided)
Phillip Casaceli could be a character right out of Seinfeld.
The Gates native owns Daddy-O, a neighborhood bar in the West Village that Grubstreet.com and Time Out New York have lauded as being among the best whiskey bars in New York City. The bar at 44 Bedford St. also does well with both classic and creative cocktails; its herbaceous mojito was featured in a segment of the Food Network show The Best Thing I Ever Ate.
Casaceli is an engaging, likable guy, but he has a stubborn streak when it comes to one item on his menu: The Plate, a homage to the Garbage Plate from Nick Tahou's. (He says he called Nick Tahou's years ago to tell them of his plans to serve a plate in the Big Apple, and was told that it was fine as long as he didn't use the trademarked name.)
Among the more than 500 bottles at Daddy-O in New York City, you can spy a Zwiegle's sign. (Photo: Provided)
True to the original, The Plate has a bed of home fries and homemade mac salad and is topped with hots or burgers. It is smothered with his dad's recipe for meat hot sauce, called Norm's Beef Hot Sauce, and adorned with mustard and onions. And no substitutions are allowed.
"I'm not changing anything at all,” he said. "There's no mixing and matching.”
People have requested Tater Tots instead of home fries, and was told that it's not authentic that way. The burgers are topped with American cheese, never Cheddar. The addition of jalapeños has been requested and denied.
One reason for his intransigence: among his regular customers are people who used to live in the Rochester area. Groups of alumni from Rochester Institute of Technology and the University of Rochester have had gatherings there to eat plates, and in the case of RIT, watch hockey games.
"I didn't realize there were so many expats here from Rochester," he said. "It's unbelievable. It's unreal, it really is.”
And when it comes to plates, they are tough customers.
"They are going to scrutinize it to no end,” he said. His ultimate compliment is when he is told that it's better than the original. That is likely because he uses premium ingredients, such as beef, pork and poultry butchered daily by Pat LaFrieda Meat Purveyors. Bread and buns are baked daily by Blue Ribbon Bakery, a couple of blocks away on Bedford Street.
The Plate is served at Daddy-O's in New York City. (Photo: provided)
Their praises are echoed by the esteemed foodie website Serious Eats.
"The Daddy-O version is probably far superior to the original (though, admittedly, I have not eaten a Garbage Plate in more than twenty years)," wrote Serious Eats founder Ed Levine. "It may sound like a silly, kitchen-sink kind of hodgepodge, but it's a mighty tasty and filling plate of food."
Casaceli's menu also includes Zweigle's red and white hots, shipped to him via Calabrasella's New York Style Deli.
“I love hot dogs. I love all kinds of hot dogs," Casaceli said. "The Zweigle's is the best hot dog you'll ever eat.”
Casaceli has hands-on experience when it comes to Rochester fare. He grew up in Gates, down the street from what used to be a Nick Tahou's on Lyell Avenue (it is now Steve T. Hots and Potatoes). He graduated from Spencerport High School. His dad owned Dora-Lee, a pizzeria and frozen custard place in Spencerport. He worked as a short-order cook at Gitsis Texas Hots while going to college.
Video: Check out the Garbage Ball
CLOSE The Garbage Ball made by Jerry Gallipeau, owner of 585 Rockin Burger Bar in Gates. (September 2016) Carlos Ortiz
His next project is opening Phil and Ann's Good Time Lounge in Brooklyn. His partner is Anne Burrell, known as the spiky-haired blond chef on several Food Network shows including Secrets of a Restaurant Chef​ and Worst Cooks in America. The two have been friends for 11 years, Casaceli said, noting that she is from Cazenovia.
Phil & Anne's Good Time Lounge was originally slated to open in September at 196 Smith St. in Brooklyn; Casaceli is now hoping it will be ready within the month. The initial publicity indicated that it will have a funky environment, complete with metallic orange wallpaper and illustrations of vintage guitars.
"We want it to be a fun atmosphere," he said. "We don't want to take it too seriously.”
The joint will serve fare with Italian influences, but it may also include a taste of Rochester: the plans are to use Zweigle's cocktail wieners in pigs in a blanket.
TRACYS@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2k2V7Fr
By Olivia Lang in Kathmandu
Januk Ghimire says all that she wants is for her child to lead a normal life Thousands of people are flocking to a remote and mountainous village in Nepal to see a malformed baby which many are now worshipping as a God. Suffering from a rare abnormality, baby Risab has a headless "parasitic twin" attached to his abdomen and was born with four arms and four legs. His impoverished parents say all they want is for Risab to have a "normal body". They are worried that some see the baby not as a blessing but a curse - the reason why monsoon rains are late. 'Father of God' Januk Ghimire, the 32-year-old mother of the baby, has had to become used to visitors because thousands have descended on her village since Risab was born in January. Many believe the baby is a reincarnation of the Hindu God Ganesh To many locals, he is seen as a miracle and revered as the reincarnation of Ganesh, the Hindu elephant God, whose common forms have several arms. "About 5,000 have come altogether. Some from faraway districts, by bus or walking," said Prem KC, a local teacher. As news spread, as many as 100 visitors come every day to see the baby. "Some people, when they see me, they say I'm the father of God," says the baby's father, Rikhi Ghimire, a thin-faced figure with muddy legs from working in the fields. "They come to worship him and give him money. They just give a few rupees, make an offering. Sometimes they give clothes or food". The family of five live in a one-roomed house, a day's walk from the nearest main town, which they share with goats and chickens. Two single beds lie against the walls, while corns hang from the ceiling above a small stove in the corner. Outside the house, Ms Ghimire shoos away her two other young sons as they run around playfully, accidentally knocking the baby's basket. Six months ago, she had no idea her third son would turn out to be so extraordinary. 'Killed me' She describes how she was in severe pain for five days before Risab's delivery, believing "that this time, I would die". Risab was born on the porch, where Januk had only her mother by her side as she cried out in pain. The family say adoption is not an option "During pregnancy I saw a very abnormal stomach and I was very afraid - not of my family, or of my husband - but of neighbours and how they would talk," she said. "If my husband had not been there, they could have said I had given birth to a witch and come and killed me. "Most of the neighbours came and said it was a God so they told me not to treat it badly and accept it." But Ms Ghimire says most of the villagers are superstitious and - like her - believe in witches. Indeed, her fears are not surprising, with one local Hindu priest openly saying that he believes the baby is a curse on the village and the reason for the late monsoons. "Farmers cannot do agriculture because of that baby," says Sher Bahadur Bodathorki. "It is a curse from God because of a past life". In rural Nepal, the rains are crucial to agriculture and villagers' livelihoods. We do not have money so we worry we cannot give him what he needs
Januk Ghimire Teacher Prem KC says the reason that the baby has drawn so much attention is because there is little awareness of such medical conditions in rural Nepal and "villagers cannot understand it". Risab suffers from a rare condition which occurs only one in 50,000 to one in 200,000 births. His father sought medical treatment in Kathmandu but doctors said they would have to monitor Risab for six months. As Mr Ghimire could not afford to be out of work and living in Kathmandu for that period, he had to return home with the child. Hard life "When I first saw him I was worried about whether he would survive and that if I was not in this world who would take care of him," he said. His one wish is for his youngest son to have surgery so he can have a "normal body", but says he cannot imagine ever being able to earn enough to afford the operation, which could cost more than $50,000. "It needs a huge amount of money which I cannot provide. I don't earn much income, just work in field and sometimes I can expect something and sometimes not". Ms Ghimire says she gives Risab to her mother while she toils in the fields during the day, but says the baby is not easy to care for. "It is difficult to bathe him, to oil him, to put him to sleep. We do not have money so we worry we cannot give him what he needs," she said. "Some people say it is because I was sinful [that we had this child] but we didn't do any wrong thing so it should not be a curse," says Januk. "I used to be ashamed, but now I am not." While life is hard, she says, she would never consider putting baby Risab up for adoption. "We would never give him away. If someone wanted to adopt, they would have to adopt us - mother and father - along with him."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Donald Trump issued a statement wishing Muslims a “joyful” Ramadan, but also condemned the acts of terrorism that already occurred in the month considered holy to Islam.
“This year, the holiday begins as the world mourns the innocent victims of barbaric terrorist attacks in the United Kingdom and Egypt, acts of depravity that are directly contrary to the spirit of Ramadan,” Trump said in a statement, referring to the attacks in Manchester and the slaughter of at least 28 Coptic Christians. Both attacks included children among the victims.
“Such acts only steel our resolve to defeat the terrorists and their perverted ideology,” Trump said.
The president commented that peaceful Muslims celebrating Ramadan would help strengthen communities around the world.
“At its core, the spirit of Ramadan strengthens awareness of our shared obligation to reject violence, to pursue peace, and to give to those in need who are suffering from poverty or conflict,” he said.
Trump also reminded Muslims of his message to Saudi Arabia, urging them to fight terrorism.
“During this month of Ramadan, let us be resolved to spare no measure so that we may ensure that future generations will be free of this scourge and able to worship and commune in peace,” he said.
Our main floor powder room is finally done! It was one of those projects that started out as just a “paint the walls” kind of project but, of course, one thing always leads to another! I should have the whole room reveal for you up next week {UPDATE: you can find it HERE}, but today I am going to share this easy DIY storage ladder tutorial…
My inspiration came from this ladder from Gershwin and Gertie…
I absolutely loved the ladder {as well as everything else on that site!}, but at $538 dollars it was WAY out of our price range.
This simple DIY version came in at around $30. If you wanted more storage baskets, it would obviously cost a little more, but still WAY cheaper than the inspiration!
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
MATERIALS
two 1×3 boards {ours measure about 7 feet each} for the sides of the ladder
wooden garden stakes or 1×2 boards cut down to your desired size for the rungs {we used 8 rungs on our ladder and they are about 11 inches in length}
1 1/4 inch wood screws
drill
wood putty
level
paint or stain {I painted ours with Annie Sloan Chalk Paint in Graphite}
wire baskets {these came in packs of 2 at Target in the bathroom section}
shower curtain hangers or ‘S' hooks
DIRECTIONS
Cut all of your wood pieces to your desired size and sand smooth. Make sure that you find your baskets before building your ladder so you can determine what the length of your rungs needs to be and how much space you would like in between your rungs. This will especially be important if you are wanting more baskets on your ladder to ensure that you have enough space.
Once you have determined the distance that you would like between your rungs {ours are about 8 1/2 inches}, cut a spacer from the 1×2 board at that length to ensure that you place your rungs evenly.
If you are assembling the ladder on your own, you will likely need to use some wood glue to attach the rungs prior to drilling in the screws. In our case, I aligned and held the rungs while Dave did the drilling so we found that wood glue was not needed. Take extra care with the placement of the first rung, as that will determine the alignment of all of the other rungs to follow. Align the long edge of the rung parallel to the side of the ladder {see photo above} and place in the middle of the 1×3. Once you have this first rung in place, all you need to do is slip in your spacer and make sure that it is level when placing your next rung. Completely screw in the rungs on one side of the ladder before doing the other side.
Once your ladder is assembled, fill in the screw holes with wood putty. Allow to dry and then sand.
Paint or stain the ladder and allow to dry. Attach your baskets and some other fun accessories and you are good to go!
Not bad for a $503 savings! 🙂
I can't wait to show you all the rest of the bathroom details! Stay tuned!
For more easy, DIY tutorials, check out these posts…
DIY Rustic Wooden Crate
How to Build a Pegboard Wall
Pallet Sports Organizer
"To we who dwell in the Force, normal life is little more than pretense. Our only actions of significance are those we undertake in service to the dark side." ―Darth Tenebrous, to Darth Plagueis, on his views of the Force [src]
Darth Tenebrous, also known as Rugess Nome, was a male Bith Dark Lord of the Sith of the lineage of Darth Bane. In his public persona as Nome, he was a legendary artisanal starship designer with a reputation spanning the galaxy; as the Sith Lord Darth Tenebrous, he was a scientific mastermind possessed of a calculating intellect with an obsession on shaping the future, and was the master of Darth Plagueis and Darth Venamis.
Contents show]
Biography
Apprenticeship
After being selected as an apprentice by a Twi'lek Sith Lord, Rugess Nome became Darth Tenebrous. Together, he and his Master devoted themselves to the Grand Plan. In the mix, Darth Tenebrous constructed a red lightsaber, and would go on to wield the weapon when he either sparred or honed his lightsaber combat skills. One of the schemes Tenebrous and his Master devised was the development of a targeted virus that would sever the Jedi's connection to the Force; yet despite spending years developing the virus, the project was ultimately a failure.[2]
Tenebrous eventually came to see the dark side of the Force not as a kind of malevolent mystic sentience bent on spreading suffering throughout the galaxy but as an energy source, which could, like any energy source, be manipulated. When Nome saw no further use for his master, he killed him.[1]
Seeking out an apprentice
Rugess Nome was widely known for creating legendary starship designs throughout the galaxy, whilst hiding his identity as a Sith Lord.[2]
In searching for a Sith apprentice, Tenebrous manipulated a middle ranking InterGalactic Bank agent named Caar Damask into meeting his future wife, knowing that if they had a child, their offspring would be strong in the Force.[2] When the expected child, Hego Damask, turned five, Nome traveled to Mygeeto and was able to convince his parents to hand him over. Tenebrous took the child as his apprentice, naming him Darth Plagueis.[2]
Living in the profane world
As with many of his predecessors as Sith Lords, Tenebrous worked hard to expand the network of informants and agents that had started with Darth Bane. These agents were the Sith's eyes and ears in all corners of the galaxy, providing them with information but also with access to the highest circles of power in galactic politics. As such, he took up the public persona of Rugess Nome, a starship designer whose constructs were delivered only to the elite members of the rising powers of the galaxy. Among these influential beings, politicians were often found in conjunction with entrepreneurs, bankers, industrialists, and any other being possessing enough power that could eventually assist the Sith designs. Tenebrous's apprentice, Darth Plagueis, assisted his Master in these efforts in his public persona as Hego Damask, a wealthy financier who eventually set up his own financial lobbying group, Damask Holdings. As the son of the former head of the InterGalactic Banking Clan, Plagueis also inherited the remote moon of Sojourn, and the Gatherings that often occurred there under the stewardship of his father. Originally conceived as a retreat for the wealthy, Caar Damask had used these Gatherings as a means to bring together influential beings and allow them to forment secret agendas for both business and political ambitions. Under Plagueis, Tenebrous used the Gatherings to extend his own influence over the Republic and the galaxy.
Among the people Tenebrous brought into his web were the leaders of the rising Trade Federation, which began to have a great deal of influence over the outlying systems and even in the Galactic Senate. The Federation would eventually become one of Damask Holdings's most important clients. Also included in Tenebrous's plots was the Gran Protectorate, the representatives of the government of the fuel-rich planet Malastare. The Protectorate's Senator, Pax Teem, was considered by Tenebrous and Plagueis as a potential candidate they could manipulate into the position of Supreme Chancellor.
Tenebrous also tried to bring other beings into his circle of influence. Among them was a wealthy industrialist named Kerred Santhe. Desiring to bring Santhe into his circle, Tenebrous offered him exclusive rights for a Rugess Nome starship. However, Santhe outwitted Tenebrous and agents of Santhe Security successfully stole the blueprints, cutting Nome out of the deal altogether. Santhe used the success of the starship, once it had been manufactured, to expand his holdings by acquiring a controlling share of Sienar Technologies. Narro Sienar, the company's Chief Operating Officer, was only able to keep his position by marrying his daughter to Santhe.
Seeing a way to have his revenge and gain the friendship of Narro Sienar, Tenebrous sent Plagueis to assassinate Kerred Santhe in his apprentice's first mission as an assassin.[3]
Demise
"For the last time I call you apprentice and I applaud your skillful use of surprise and misdirection. Perhaps I was wrong to think you had no stomach for it." ―Rugess Nome to his Sith apprentice, Darth Plagueis [src]
In 67 BBY, Tenebrous and his apprentice, Plagueis, traveled to the planet Bal'demnic to investigate a lode of cortosis ore. However, their M-2 mining probe droid had been sabotaged by Subtext Mining, and ignited a pocket of lethane gas, causing a massive explosion. Though Tenebrous managed to contain the explosion, Plagueis saw the opportunity to kill his Master, collapsing the ceiling of the cavern on to Tenebrous. Dying, Tenebrous congratulated his apprentice on succeeding him. However, the rockfall had crushed the starship the two Sith had arrived him, and Plagueis was effectively stranded in a place where he required an enviro-suit to survive. When he realized that his apprentice's desire to kill him had seriously endangered the continuation of the Sith, Tenebrous expressed disappointment in his pupil. Plagueis, angered by this, broke the Bith's neck. As the unconscious Nome slowly died, Plagueis utilized the Force to study microscopic changes in Tenebrous' body, observing the slow death of his neurons and midi-chlorians.[2]
However, this was not the end of Tenebrous, who ensured the survival of his own consciousness into altered midi-chlorians—which he labeled maxi-chlorians. Those maxi-chlorians would then migrate not into the Force, but into Plagueis, the "diseased one". Not possessing a Bith's precision, Plagueis would never suspect Tenebrous' consciousness was inside his body, infecting cells with maxi-chlorians that would cut off the host of its Force-sensitivity. In order to fulfill his goals, Tenebrous sacrificed his ability to sense the motion of the future, something he no longer required since he already knew his future.[1]
As his body died, Darth Tenebrous entered his apprentice's body and slipped into his cells. As the retrovirus propagated, the Bith gained access to Plagueis' powers of foresight. At that moment, he discovered and felt Plagueis' own death at the hands of his apprentice, which was only visible as a smear of darkness. That vision horrified him; Plagueis would die too soon, and Tenebrous would not fulfill his ultimate goal—seizing and becoming the Chosen One when he would appear.[1]
Seeking an answer to understand Plagueis' complacent behavior, Tenebrous threw again his mind at the future, but could see nothing, as the retrovirus infected Plagueis' every cell; his apprentice was now robbed of his foresight power. Wholly giving himself to panic, Nome escaped Plagueis' body to think about a way out, only to discover his mummified remains. Time had passed, possibly decades or centuries, but the Sith Lord was unaware of it. He then wondered if his foresight, instead of being eliminated, had been twisted in upon itself, forcing him to endlessly relive his death, thus acquiring the coveted immortality, but not as he wanted. At that moment of realization, the Dark Lord wished he still had a mouth with which to scream.[1]
Legacy
Plagueis conducted investigations into those responsible for the sabotage of the probe after his Master's death. Though he did not ultimately discover the culprit, his interrogation of a group of representatives of Subtext Mining on Sojourn led him to Naboo after one of their number attempted to make amends by informing him of a vast plasma source on the planet. There Plagueis would discover a young Human named Palpatine, his future apprentice Darth Sidious and the very same dark vision that had terrified Tenebrous in the moments of his death. True to his vision, Palpatine would ultimately murder Plagueis and bring the Grand Plan to fruition as Emperor of the Galactic Empire.[2]
Personality and traits
Master Qui-Gon, more to say, have you? It is requested that this article, or a section of this article, be expanded.
Darth Tenebrous was a rationalist in his approach to the Force, which he believed to be nothing more than a very potent tool.[1] Tenebrous had a fixation with comprehending and shaping the future, which his apprentice, Darth Plagueis, considered to be a product of his Bith intelligence, which was grounded in mathematics and computation. He even believed that the Sith Grand Plan could be achieved by mating the powers of the dark side with expert Bith science. Tenebrous felt that with the aid of sophisticated computers and future-casting formulas, the beings of the galaxy could be provided for and the Jedi Order would gradually dwindle and disappear. Tenebrous was fatalistic as to the Grand Plan's success, believing that the dark side's rise could be predicted, but not influenced or hurried by the Sith. Plagueis disagreed, however, believing visions of the future to be inherently clouded and unreliable, and that the Jedi Order had to be toppled and destroyed rather than left to wither. This difference in opinion ultimately precipitated Tenebrous' decision to train Darth Venamis to supplant Plagueis.[2]
Despite his rationalist approach to the Force, Tenebrous covered his body in tattoos and body markings representing esoteric concepts, which Plagueis discovered shortly before his master's death.[2]
Powers and abilities
Darth Tenebrous was very powerful in the Force, and a talented lightsaber duelist, a trait that he passed on to his secret apprentice, Darth Venamis. Tenebrous was also proficient in Force speed, using it to attempt to escape the cortosis mine and used the Force to shield himself and Plagueis from a bomb's explosion. He could also hold up heavy rocks with the Force, an impressive display of telekinesis, and could fire the rare form of red Force lightning.[2] Moreover, Tenebrous had powerful precognitive abilities, able to foresee his own death, something even Darth Sidious and Darth Caedus were unable to do.[1]
In addition, Tenebrous designed his own starship[2] and invented his own retrovirus that could turn his midi-chlorians into maxi-chlorians, as he had great knowledge of the former, knowing which counted belayed great power.[1]
The Sith Lord did not possess the "innate gift" of Sith sorcery, but felt Bith science was far more potent.[2]
Behind the scenes
Darth Tenebrous's name was included in a 2006 blog entry by Leland Chee, the keeper of the Holocron continuity database, marking the character's first mention in Star Wars canon. Chee stated that Tenebrous's name may have been derived from the word "tenebrous,"[4] a word meaning dark, gloomy, or obscure.[5] In 2008, author James Luceno indicated that if he were able to, he would choose "Darth Tenebrous" as the name of the first Sith to ever use the Darth title.[6] Tenebrous appeared in Luceno's 2012 novel, Darth Plagueis, as the Master of Darth Plagueis.[3] His birth name, Rugess Nome, also appeared.
When deciding Tenebrous's species, Luceno was seeking an existing intelligent and "brainy" species in Star Wars canon. The Bith species fit the bill, but Luceno found that he associated Bith with harmless jizz-playing bands rather than menacing Sith Lords. However, cognizant of the fact that many different personality types could be found in a single species, he ultimately said "what the heck."[7]
Appearances
Sources
Notes and references
The White House has responded to last year's rash of secession petitions, and no, President Obama has not agreed to allow any of the states to secede.
Jon Carson, the director of the White House Office of Public Engagement, said in a response released Friday that “as much as we value a healthy debate, we don't let that debate tear us apart.”
“In a nation of 300 million people — each with their own set of deeply held beliefs — democracy can be noisy and controversial. And that's a good thing,” Mr. Carson said. “Free and open debate is what makes this country work, and many people around the world risk their lives every day for the liberties we often take for granted.”
Petitions filed on behalf of each state seeking to secede peacefully from the union began popping up on the White House's We the People website days after the Nov. 6 election. The website states that any petition receiving 25,000 online signatures within 30 days of posting will receive a review by the appropriate executive department and a reply from a White House staffer.
Mr. Carson's post, titled “Our States Remain United,” came in response to nine petitions. Eight of those were filed on behalf of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas.
The ninth petition called on the administration to deport “everyone that signed a petition to withdraw their state from the United States of America.”
At least one secession petition was filed on behalf of each state in the weeks following the election, but not all of the petitions garnered the requisite 25,000 signatures. Signers were not required to live in the named state, and they were permitted to sign multiple petitions.
The eight states represented in the petitions that did qualify for a White House response all were among those that seceded from the union in 1861, spurring the Civil War.
Mr. Carson touched on the Founding Fathers and the Civil War in his seven-paragraph reply to the petitions, noting that more than 600,000 soldiers died in the war and saying of the union that the founders “did not provide a right to walk away from it.”
“So let's be clear: No one disputes that our country faces big challenges, and the recent election followed a vigorous debate about how they should be addressed,” Mr. Carson said. “As President Obama said the night he won re-election, ‘We may have battled fiercely, but it's only because we love this country deeply and we care so strongly about its future.'”
Andrew Sullivan of Nebraska, who said he signed several secession petitions, argued that the White House response calling for unity was at odds with what he described as Mr. Obama's efforts to split Americans into competing political factions.
“The president is entitled to his own words, but they don't match with his actions,” Mr. Sullivan said. “Clearly his actions are dividing the country.”
The secession petitions emerged as an apparently spontaneous grass-roots reaction to the 2012 presidential election. No political party or movement, including the tea party, has claimed credit for organizing the effort.
Critics blasted the petitions as an unpatriotic and immature response to Mr. Obama's successful re-election bid.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The DSWD also says aid amounting to P158 million has been given to families affected by Typhoon Nina (Nock-ten)
Published 7:27 PM, January 01, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Power has been restored to more than 811,000 households in the Bicol and Southern Tagalog regions following outages caused by Typhoon Nina (Nock-ten), the National Electrification Administration (NEA) said.
In a statement on Sunday, January 1, the Department of Energy (DOE) quoted a NEA report as saying that "household restoration stood at 45.95% or a total of 811,327 households served" as of December 30.
Affected areas in Albay, Sorsogon, and Camarines Sur should also expect improvements in the coming days as the Naga-Daraga and Naga-Pili-Iriga power lines have been restored.
The Tabaco Substation serving Tabaco City in Albay province is ready to receive power, according to the Albay Power and Energy Corporation (APEC).
For Oriental Mindoro, 7 towns are fully re-energized while partial restoration has been effected in the towns of Socorro, Pola, Baco, Calapan, Naujan, and Victoria.
The DOE said that it will deploy more people for a target of 100% restoration before the holidays end.
Relief assistance
The Virac Airport in Catanduanes has also been re-energized and operational since Saturday, December 31.
This will allow relief efforts to reach the hard-hit province.
As of Sunday, aid amounting to P158,282,150* ($3.193 million) has been given to affected families, the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) said in a statement.
DSWD Secretary Judy Taguiwalo reminded the public to inquire with their local goverment units (LGUs) to make sure that aid reaches them.
"DSWD does not have enough manpower to provide the relief goods to the household level. Thus, the family food packs provided by DSWD are with the LGUs. Disaster relief response is primarily the responsibility of the LGUs, with the DSWD ready to augment their resources,” Taguiwalo said.
DSWD is still preparing its response to shelter needs of affected residents. Over 239,000 homes were damaged by the typhoon, and 46,850 familes remain in evacuation centers as of Sunday. – Lian Nami Buan/Rappler.com
*$1 = P49.56
A reader linked to this article and this article, both of which attempted to argue against Rushton's analysis on race and r/K Selection Theory:
Rushton's use of this ‘simple model'—the r/K continuum—and its application to human races are wrong because 1) the three races described are not local populations; 2) the r/K continuum as described by Pianka (1970) is a poor representation of multidimensional ecological processes; and 3) cold weather is normally an agent of r-selection while endemic disease in Africa—as described by Rushton—is an agent of K-selection. Simple models are not always best—especially for organisms as complex as humans—so attempting to reduce complex biological and environmental interactions into a linear continuum is mistaken (Boyce, 1984). The simpler the ecological model, the more complex ecological sophistication is needed to understand and apply said model. So, although Rushton prefers simple models, in this context it is not apt, as complex biological systems interacting with their environments should not be reduced to a ‘simple model'. If the r/K model were applicable to humans, then Caucasoids and Mongoloids would be r-selected while Negroids would be K-selected. Endemic and infectious disease—stated by Rushton to be an r-selected pressure—is actually a K-selected pressure. So Negroids would have been subjected to K-selected pressures (disease) and r-selected pressures (drought). Conversely, for Mongoloids, they migrated into colder temperatures which act in a density-independent way—hence, cold winters (temperature extremes) are an agent of r-selection.
The author is right about Rushton being too broad. Combining all African and all European populations probably dulls the degree to which certain populations are r and K. Take European royal bloodlines and I will bet you would find a lot of r. Take the most r populations in Africa and you would also see highly obvious differences deviating from normal human behavior. In mixing populations you dull the obviousness of the aberrant behavior of the rabbits. Goal number one should be to get people forced to acknowledge that some humans are exhibiting the r-strategy compared to others. Mixing chimps and bonobos would blunt the obviousness of the behaviors of each subpopulation, and make it harder to force that conclusion on the individuals who will naturally be emotionally resistant to it.
I get the impression the author is a pot-stirrer ginning up debate, which I can respect. But I would counter that I think this argument requires a slightly more complex view on a few points, and it seeks to cite the established literature on r/K a little too much.
Most of the literature on r/K is incredibly shallow in its analyses. I suspect nobody really cared about the theory on an emotional level, so nobody really bothered to look too closely at it, or tried to understand why some arguments would seemingly violate simple common sense. One person would assert things that would make no sense in certain contexts, and nobody would ever try to highlight the complexity required for a fuller understanding of the issue. It is either that, or the more powerful minds gravitated somewhere else in the sciences with more practical application.
As an example, the author cites papers that say drought is an r-selective pressure. Drought can be r or K, depending on the abilities of the organisms confronted with it. Mice will die in a drought, and have short enough life cycles to reproduce in the wet periods following it. So with mice, after the drought, there will be free resources and that makes drought a huge r-selection pressure.
But suppose you have an organism with the intelligence to envision how to survive the drought, and which thinks in terms of long time frames. Now that drought will cull the relatively r-selected individuals who are designed to exploit a glut with no thought of the future, while favoring those who planned for the drought and stockpiled water, or organized a way to acquire it. Is the drought still an r-selective pressure? Being human, with a high IQ and an ability to plan for the future changes a lot of these rules.
On the issue of colder climates being K, the author cites research which makes the case that cold climates kill back the population in the winter, and then allow explosive growth in the summer, and thus are r-selecting.
This will be true in things like insects with short lifespans and no ability to plan for the winter. But in humans, this will favor those who can defer pleasures in the summer, looking forward to the winter and sacrificing by setting aside resources to get themselves through the colder period. It will also favor groups which can work together in pursuit of common goals.
In short, as in the story of the grasshopper and the ant, in humans this will favor the K-selected worldview, with its longer time perspectives, because the K-selected are focused on sacrificing in the short term to survive trials of shortage and harshness in the future.
This will be true of most hardships to some degree. Where they kill back the population massively and randomly, and then allow explosive regrowth, they are r-pressures. But where they are challenges that select for those who can prepare and overcome them, they will tend to favor K, even if they may, strictly by the numbers, appear to be r.
He also speaks of aggression. There the question is, is aggression borne of a competitive psychology that embraces risk innately because it evolved to embrace risk in a competitive environment where resources are scarce, or is aggression an opportunistic seizure of free resources from the weak and helpless.
A criminal who sees an old lady and pushes her to the ground to steal her purse is not the same as a Marine who proceeds to selflessly storm enemy lines and kill fifteen men with his bare hands simply to try and save his fellow Marines in battle. The criminal will seek out the weak and vulnerable to victimize safely for personal gain, while the Marine would find that in conflict with his nature. The Marine will sacrifice himself for his group and nothing more, while the criminal would view that as pointless and stupid. Those are two vastly different forms of aggression.
Aggression and violence can be principled and daring, or opportunistic and cowardly. Each is driven by a different psychology, and you can see this difference extend to sexual drive, promiscuity, and even rearing investments. I think there needs to be a difference cited there. One aggressive psychology is r and one is K. One is designed to take free resources in a world with no consequences, while the other is programmed to fight with anyone to try and get a share of scarce resources, because if they didn't they would starve.
Then there is disease. Disease can be r or K, depending on epidemiology. If a disease is sexually transmitted, it is going to take out those with a high sex drive, promiscuity, and reduced disgust. That doesn't mean the disease is K-selecting, so much as it preferentially kills those with an r-selected psychology, and fosters the rise of K.
On the other hand, if a disease infects and kills randomly, such as one transmitted by mosquito, then it will open up free resources by killing the population back below the carrying capacity. That will favor the rise of the r-selected psychologies.
These misapprehensions are not the author's fault. He accurately cites papers on r/K. But this is why I do not spend time on this blog citing the papers on r/K Theory. I have found the vast majority are written by individuals looking to create quick rules of thumb for much more complex variables that can only be looked at in the context of the mechanisms they are a part of. In many cases, I see authors claiming something is always r or K, when the truth is they are more often the opposite for reasons which the authors seem strangely blind to.
r and K are simple adaptation to either free or limited resource availabilities. To understand how the environment affects the evolution of r and K psychologies, you have to understand that those adaptations to free or limited resources imbue certain psychological predispositions. Once imbued, all other selective pressures have to be examined with an eye to how they either confer advantage or disadvantage on those who express those psychological traits.
A sexually transmitted disease that savages a population will open up resource availability and reduce the population well below the carrying capacity, and thus could be mistaken for an r-selecting pressure. But if it wipes out every promiscuous r-strategist, and leaves behind only the monogamous K-strategists, then it is not an r-selective pressure at all. It is favoring the K-psychology, even as from a raw numerical standpoint it would appear an r-pressure. (Indeed, I suspect a golden age in the context of human history will be found to often be such an unusual circumstance, where a population is K-ified, even as it is placed in an r-selected environment of free resource availability. The opposite, an r-ified population placed in a grossly overpopulated environment of shortage will be found to reliably be Hell on earth. Guess which one we have coming.)
The complete absence of that type of detailed understanding of the effects of selective pressures in the literature about r/K Selection Theory is why I don't waste extensive time here quoting the source texts on the subject. Most seem strangely shallow in their analyses.
I am amused to see the author mention r/K Selection Theory has been linked to ideology, without any mention of where. My greatest hope has always been that r/K Theory would become so ever present in the dialog that nobody would remember where it first arose. When that happens, r/K will be everywhere, and nobody will have any idea who to blame.
Clearly we are already on that path.
Tell others about r/K Theory, because everyone will know it is where ideology came from, even if they have no idea where that idea came from
Posted 22 March 2013 - 06:56 PM
don't know I would have to go back and look at it. Kirk Dillard HB 5832 - 96th Gen Assembly, Chief Sponsors Zalewski-Acevedo. Munoz was the chief Senate sponsor, later adding as alternate sponsors Collins and Dillard.
The point is the news story states that Dillard was a sponsor and he was a sponsor. I said three years ago that it was a bad bill and that we would have at least one case like the one we are discussing in this thread. Do you defend this bill, still? Can you even defend anyone who voted for it much less be a sponsor? I don't know anything about this guy except that he is willing to make friends with those who work against us. Maybe there is something strategic with that, but since I am not privy to all the inside stuff, all I have to go on is what I read in the papers.Why do I think I ticked you off. Because as soon as I mentioned Dillard you came out of the woodwork just like you did three years ago to defend this guy and criticize anyone who dared support the guy he was running against in the primary. Why is my dander up? Because we all are supposed to be on the same team and being dismissed because I don't agree with a particular strategical point of view or methodolgy. I saw this one coming and we could have been on top of it -- not that it matters that much now with the Seventh's ruling -- but abolt you did not want to see that the good senator had no clothes. At least in this one case. If he is a good guy and worthy of support, fine. Be convincing but don't try to demand my support.At the time, I only had about a couple dozen posts and I was immediately surrounded by "old hats" and moderator types throwing hissy fits. May happen again. But it is what it is.Sorry Valinda. Sometimes I can't help myself I guess. Do what you gotta do.
The Manhattan District Attorney's office will seek an indictment against disgraced movie producer Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape as soon as next week, law enforcement sources told Page Six Tuesday.
The New York Police Department has been building a case against Weinstein over claims he raped the actress Paz de La Huerta twice in 2010 at her Manhattan apartment.
“He pushed me on the bed … and it happened all very suddenly,” de la Huerta told Vanity Fair in an interview this month.
The alleged attack happened in 2010, four years after New York enacted a lifetime statute of limitations on rape and sexual assault. NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce confirmed this week that the department was seeking an arrest warrant for Weinstein, who reportedly remains in Arizona, where he had been seeking treatment at a rehabilitation facility.
“She put forth a credible and detailed narrative to us. We then sought to garner corroboration… and we found it, corroboration,” Boyce said in a news conference this week. “If this person was still in New York and it was recent, we would go right away and make the arrest, no doubt. But we're talking about a seven-year-old case and we have to move forward in gathering evidence first.”
“We have an actual case here,” he added. “Mr. Weinstein is out of state. We would need an arrest warrant to arrest him. So right now we're gathering our evidence. We continue to do so. Every day.”
Boyce added that de la Huerta was able to “articulate each and every minute of the crime, where she was, where they met, where this happened and what he did.”
Since the initial allegations against Weinstein emerged, nearly 90 women have accused him of sexual crimes ranging from harassment to rape, which sparked a wider sexual misconduct scandal across the entertainment and media industries.
Weinstein was fired from his role at The Weinstein Company, a company he co-founded in 2005 with brother Bob Weinstein, and was expelled from numerous Hollywood trade organizations, including the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Television Academy, and the Producers Guild of America.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.
A grand opening was held this week for Hotel Eastlund, a newly-remodeled Lloyd District boutique hotel. The former Red Lion on Northeast Grand Avenue was purchased in 2013 by Seattle-based Grand Ventures Hotel LLC, a group of partners also responsible for the 2008 renovation of Hotel Modera in downtown Portland.
Holst Architecture designed the hotel's $10 million renovation, which general contractor Deacon began work on last September. Major improvements included updating the building with a new curtainwall that provides rooms with floor-to-ceiling windows, conversion of a vehicle driveway to a pedestrian entry with expanded lobby space, removing sections of post-tensioned concrete to accommodate an express elevator to the hotel's top-floor restaurant and bar, and opening up the previously-windowless ballroom and exposing it to natural light.
Corner rooms at the hotel were combined and converted to suites, bringing the room count from 174 to 168. A ground-floor bakery and café, Citizen Baker, will double as a wine bar in the evenings. Altabira City Tavern, the hotel's top-floor restaurant and bar, features views of downtown Portland and opens Monday.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks during a media conference at Iran's embassy after he attended the Developing-8 summit in Islamabad November 22, 2012. REUTERS/Mian Khursheed
DUBAI (Reuters) - President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Monday he was ready to be the first human sent into orbit by Iran's fledgling space program, Iranian media reported.
Iran declared last week that it had successfully launched a monkey into space and retrieved it alive, which officials hailed as a major step towards their goal of sending humans into space.
The launch added to Western concerns about Iran's space program because the same rocket technology could potentially be used to deliver a nuclear warhead on a ballistic missile.
“I am ready to be the first human to be sent to space by Iranian scientists,” Ahmadinejad said on Monday, on the sidelines of an exhibition of space achievements in Tehran, according to the Mehr news agency.
“Sending living things into space is the result of Iranian efforts and the dedication of thousands of Iranian scientists.”
Ahmadinejad is known for provocative public comments and it was unclear whether the suggestion was a serious one.
His second and final term as president ends in June, and his political star has been on the wane since he fell out with parliament early in his second term and appeared to lose the support of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
On Sunday he stood up in parliament to play a tape recording that he said provided evidence of corruption by the family of parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani, his political arch-rival and a likely frontrunner to succeed him as president. Larijani and his brother Fazel denied the accusations.
Tails, The Amnesic Incognito Live System, version 0.20, is out.
All users must upgrade as soon as possible: this release fixes numerous security issues.
Changes
Notable user-visible changes include:
New features Install Linux kernel 3.10.3-1 from Debian unstable. Iceweasel 17.0.8esr + Torbrowser patches.
Bugfixes Prevent Iceweasel from displaying a warning when leaving HTTPS web sites. Make Iceweasel use the correct, localized search engine. Fix Git access to https:// repositories.
Minor improvements Install Dasher, a predictive text entry tool. Add a wrapper around TrueCrypt which displays a warning about it soon being deprecated in Tails. Remove Pidgin libraries for all protocols but IRC and Jabber/XMPP. Many of the other protocols Pidgin support are broken in Tails and haven't got any security auditting. Disable the pre-defined Pidgin accounts so they do not auto-connect on Pidgin start. Include information about Alsa in WhisperBack reports. Explicitly restrict access to ptrace. While this setting was enabled by default in Debian's Linux 3.9.6-1, it will later be disabled in 3.9.7-1. It's unclear what will happen next, so let's explicitly enable it ourselves. Do not display dialog when a message is sent in Claws Mail. Sync iceweasel preferences with the Torbrowser's.
Localization Many translation updates all over the place. Merge all Tails-related POT files into one, and make use of intltoolize for better integration with Transifex.
See the online Changelog for technical details.
Known issue
No new known issue but longstanding known issues.
I want to try it or to upgrade!
Go to the installation page.
As no software is ever perfect, we maintain a list of problems that affects the last release of Tails.
What's coming up?
The next Tails release is scheduled for around September 19.
Have a look to our roadmap to see where we are heading to.
Would you want to help? There are many ways ?you can contribute. If you want to help, come talk to us!
OAKLAND, Calif. – Dozens of janitors who clean Safeway supermarkets in northern California stopped work on the night of Feb. 10, frustrated by the intimidation tactics of Safeway's janitorial services contractors, including illegal threats of termination, and their proposals to sharply cut standards for wages and benefits. Talks for a new collective bargaining agreement are now in their fifth month.
“I walked out because Safeway's janitorial contractors are not working with us to negotiate a contract which will remedy unsafe and unhealthy conditions in the stores, and help us support and build a life for our families,” said Santa Rosa janitor Leodegario Acevedo.
Talks for a new contract began last October between SEIU United Service Workers West, Local 1877, representing 450 janitors at area Safeway supermarkets, and janitorial services contractors ABM, Crystal, Premier and AMS. The four contractors are proposing a big increase in the number of hours a janitor must work to be eligible for health care benefits. They want to increase wages by just 10 cents an hour per year, and seek the right unilaterally to remove janitors from their pension plan. The contractors also propose to eliminate dental benefits for new hires, increase their waiting period for medical coverage, and lower their starting pay to just $8.60 per hour.
Safeway janitors now average just $10.24 per hour. Safeway, Inc. is the third largest U.S. supermarket chain, with an estimated $44.8 billion in annual sales and consistent profits in recent years.
Safety and health are also issues in the talks, with the contractors refusing to add “green cleaning” standards to the contract. Though Safeway janitors now use toxic industrial cleaning chemicals that cause serious health problems and may pose a risk to food safety and customers' health, neither Safeway nor the contractors have been willing to take responsibility. Each claims health and safety conditions fall under the other's jurisdiction.
“Safeway wants to be seen as a responsible, neighborhood grocery store, yet they sit quietly by while their contractors propose cuts to vital benefits and refuse to assure safe working conditions for the janitors who clean their facilities,” said Denise Solis, Local 1877's northern California vice president. “Ultimately,” she said, “both Safeway and their individual contractors are responsible for making supermarkets safe, clean and green.”
After the work stoppage, janitors say they'll continue to mobilize against the contractors' intimidation and proposed cuts, and to speak out against Safeway's silence on the issues. While the union and the contractors have more bargaining dates in the coming weeks, the janitors may soon vote on whether to authorize their bargaining committee to call an unfair labor practices strike. The janitors' last extension of the collective bargaining agreement expired Feb. 9.
“It's insulting to sit at the bargaining table with Safeway's contractors, and hear them say that Safeway won't give them the money to increase our poverty wages, maintain our health care benefits, safeguard our safety and health, and protect their own customers,” said Neri Macuixtle, a Salinas janitor and bargaining committee member. “Safeway must own up to its responsibility to ensure quality jobs, safe food and healthy communities.”
Since the contract talks began, janitors have visited northern California supermarkets, letting customers know about the problems harsh and dangerous cleaning products can cause to both workers and the buying public, and pressing for a switch to new “green” cleaning standards.
Photo: Janitors make their point at a Nov. 5, 2009, demonstration on the “green cleaning” issue, at a San Francisco Safeway. (PW/Marilyn Bechtel)
Python 3 in Fedora
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN.net. If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it, your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive. Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net.
At the 2016 Python Language Summit, Petr Viktorin, who is the team lead for the Python maintenance group at Red Hat, described the progress that Fedora has made in switching to Python 3 by default. He also presented some work that has been done to split up the standard library to try to reduce Python's footprint for cloud deployments.
Viktorin pointed to a site that is tracking Fedora's Python 3 porting efforts. In particular, he showed the history graph that displays the progress since October 2015. Some 1300 packages are now either able to run on both Python 2 and 3 or just on 3, though there are still 1700 or so to go.
There is a group of nearly 200 packages that are "mispackaged" (shown as blue in the graph). Those are packages that have been ported to Python 3 upstream, but are not packaged for Fedora. That is "the biggest problem we have right now", he said. The team is trying to address that using an automated system to grab the package from PyPI, turn it into an RPM, and then test it. Every other package that depends on it would then also be rebuilt and tested using the updated package.
The goal is to reach 50% of packages for Fedora 25, which is planned for release in November. There are various pieces that are still on Python 2, including some desktop toolkits. GTK+\ 2 support will not be ported to Python 3, which affects GIMP, Inkscape, and Sugar that all have Python-based plugins. For the enterprise, Samba is one of the biggest projects that remains based on Python 2. Viktorin said he would "probably end up porting Samba", which was met with applause.
Both the Mercurial and Bazaar revision-control systems remain on Python 2, as does a lot of Fedora infrastructure. Kushal Das spoke up to point out that the fedmsg message bus is Python 2, so "if you want on the bus, you have to be running Python 2". OpenStack is making progress toward Python 3 due to the efforts of Victor Stinner, while Twisted has likewise been making progress, thanks to the work done by Amber Brown.
The Red Hat team is small, Viktorin said, so the focus is on helping others to do the porting to Python 3. To that end, it has been working on some porting guides. There is the py3c library that will help to port C extensions to Python 3 if the C foreign function interface (CFFI) cannot be used, though he suggested that C extensions should be using CFFI. Py3c includes a porting guide. There is also an RPM porting guide available.
He then shifted gears to discuss the Python standard library. There is "lots of stuff" that isn't being used in the library and the Fedora cloud developers are saying that Python is too big to include in the cloud images. So Fedora is splitting up the library in support of its system-python effort.
The idea is that for essential system tools and cloud deployments there will be a Python available with a subset of the full standard library. There are some precedents, including Debian's python-minimal and Fedora's unbundling of some standard library packages, such as Tkinter, IDLE, and the test package (which is the largest package in the standard library by far).
Someone in the audience wondered about simply compressing the modules using ZIP compression. Viktorin said that was considered, as was simply shipping the bytecode cache files (i.e. .pyc ). But doing so doesn't save much space.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo – As far as Sen. Mike Kehoe is concerned, voters in Missouri's sixth senatorial district have two distinct candidates.
“It will be an election when the citizens in the sixth senatorial district have a very clear choice,” Kehoe said.
The Democratic candidate for the sixth senatorial district, Mollie Freebairn, agrees with Kehoe's sentiments.
“It's all different – I support medicaid expansion, I am opposed to the income tax cut,” Freebairn said.
“I am an energy and environmental scientist. I have worked in government – state and federal, U.S. Customs, Missouri Department of Natural Resources, and then I worked in industry, including Monsanto, Sigma Chemical, and Envirodyne Engineers. I've worked in academia at Washington University Medical School and the University of Utah,” Freebairn said.
One issue that both of the candidates in this race are stressing is energy, however they have different views on the subject. Freebairn would strive to bolster Missouri's clean energy efforts. “Large and small business impact people's lives and creates jobs, but can also pollute the environment and make people sick. As far as a niche, I would be working specifically to work on energy issues and help Missouri to develop an energy plan,” Freebairn said.
Kehoe, on the other hand, plans to work on keeping Missouri's energy rates as low as possible. “I'm an infrastructure Republican. Missouri's highway and transportation system is important to Missouri families and the economy. Aging utility structure is here and we have to figure out a way to keep Missouri as the seventh lowest energy rates in the nation.”
Both candidates are making efforts to visit all the different counties in the district leading up to the election. “When I was first elected four years ago, we undertook an outreach program where we went around to the various communities in our district. We started a grassroots effort. We hold pancake and sausage breakfasts – we did twenty of them the first summer that I ran, and a lot of people say, ‘if you get elected, don't forget about us now.' We use that to stay in touch with what localities are thinking,” Kehoe said.
As for Freebairn, “I've been going around to different counties in my district, for Democrat dinners and meet the candidate dinners. Both Mike Kehoe and I spoke at the Morgan County dinner put together by the Morgan County Farm Bureau. We both had three minutes. I talked about energy issues the potential for renewable energy and energy efficiency and creating more jobs,” Freebairn said.
Kehoe summarized the election in general saying that the people of the sixth district do not want a candidate who is “political.” “Missourians just want some one who's common sense, who tries to look at all sides of an issue. They want conservative Christian values, especially the people of the sixth district. They want someone who is open and honest and not political. That's what citizens told me when I was running four years ago and that's what they keep telling me and I take that very seriously.”
An umbrella group of opposition fighters have reportedly seized control over almost all of Idlib province from government forces after launching a major offensive on Friday.
Abu Yazeed, a spokesman for Ahrar al-Sham, one of Syria's most powerful anti-government groups which is also a part of the the Fattah Army coalition, told Al Jazeera on Saturday that the fighters now hold control over "about 99 percent" of Idlib.
The province borders the two key largely government-controlled provinces of Latakia and Hama.
Speaking from Idlib over the phone, he said that since the offensive began on Friday afternoon, the coalition has managed to make sweeping gains, taking Qiasat, a major military compound; Muhambel, a strategically located town on the road to Latakia; and many other districts and villages.
He said only a very few areas remain under government control, notably an airport on the eastern outskirts of Idlib province; the two northern villages of Fua and Qariat; and a couple of army checkpoints.
The Syrian Observatory of Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, confirmed Fattah Army's claims.
The monitor, in a statement on Saturday, said the opposition forces took over the largest military checkpoint in Idlib called al-Masara as well as other key army posts.
Abu Yazeed also said at least 40 government troops had been killed in the recent fighting.
Numerous tanks, armoured vehicles and a rocket launcher were destroyed by the fighters, he said.
The Syrian Observatory reported a lesser death toll of 32 soldiers, adding that 13 opposition fighters were also killed in the clashes.
Syrian state news agency Sana also reported the military's loss of territory in Idlib, saying "the army evacuated several military sites around the town of Muambel".
Last week should have been an awesome week with prepurchase starting (and presumably, release getting closer), a metric ton of information about guild halls, and full details of exactly how big the patch that went live today is.
Instead, it turned into a nightmare of botched PR, hate and shaming on ArenaNet's developers, and a viral level of outcry spreading from reddit to the same group that hosted the initial reveal of guild halls and prepurchase during E3 in less than a week. A literal firestorm of negative feedback.
And based on Monday's post, the outcry worked. People are calmed down now, and most folks' “fix list” has been accommodated.
But regardless of its effectiveness, it sets a dangerous, and ultimately unproductive precedent. I am going to show how first firestorms aren't new to the Guild Wars 2 community, how these firestorms hurt everyone involved, and ways to keep a raging inferno from engulfing the studio.
A Brief History of Combustion
“Yes, so each color is purchased separately…”
These words led the quote in a short GuildMag news post, and people weren't happy. Though most feedback was constrained to a few threads on reddit and on the official forums*, it was loud enough an outcry that developers worked overtime to change it before the feature pack went live.
*This is my memory talking, I could be wrong.
“You want to deliver the news?”
A.k.a., the last line that fans of Super Adventure Box and dungeons wanted to read in GuildMag's interview with Matt Wuerffel and Devon Carver not even 4 days after the commander tag mob had marched out in force.
But unlike commander tags, ArenaNet did not change course. Dungeons and SAB remain a sore point among the community (see: the April 1st protest for SAB).
“ A lot of newer players had trouble with the interface”
Gaile Gray's explanation of the fixed gem-to-gold exchange rates took an unliked feature and turned it into a massive firestorm. Kinda like the double-down from Gaile that made the prepurchase firestorm (already in full swing) even hotter*.
*I must stress that I am not picking on Gaile Gray specifically. Her role as Forum Communications Team Lead puts her in the unenviable position of giving the straight line from ArenaNet, whether the community likes it or not.
And once again, massive outcry changed ArenaNet's mind and custom gems-to-gold exchange came back in with a later patch.
What Is Laid Waste
Looking at the results of these firestorms (a 75% success rate), it's too easy to go all Machiavelli with “ends justifies the means.” But what the end results don't show is what firestorms do to people while they are still burning hot.
Torches and Pitchforks
ArenaNet loves to brag about having the best community in MMOs. But when a firestorm kicks up, those kind-hearted, considerate people throw that out the window and end up demanding whatever needs to be changed as a massive, uncaring mob. Mobs condense all of the varied opinions, perspectives, and approaches of otherwise reasonable people into a narrow set of demands.
While on the surface that sounds great for getting the absolute crux of people's wants and desires, it also means that the mob has compromised. If the mob's exact demands are heeded*, very few people will be perfectly satisfied, because the nuance of most people's desires was boiled away in the seething mass of the mob.
*This assumes that the mob isn't divided against itself when it comes to the demands, which also works against trying to respond to a firestorm.
Melted Civility
The same mob that is unhappy turns any of their hatred at a company decision onto the company's employees, even ones with absolutely no say in the decision. Developers last week were getting slammed with hate and insults because they were associated with ArenaNet. Tirzah Bauer put it best:
We are all living and feeling human beings. Words can hurt. Please take care of each other despite our differences. pic.twitter.com/M7Yh5oXbFl — Tirzah Bauer (@tirzahbauer) June 18, 2015
They did nothing to deserve a heaping helping of hate. Yet, because the mob wants to have their demands met, consequences be damned, developer feelings are irrelevant. And the same people who would in other circumstances never consider insulting a developer have been whipped up by the mob's rage to do exactly that.
Burning It All
During a firestorm, otherwise good decisions that players liked are ignored in favor of finding a breadcrumb trail of bad decisions that prove that the cause of the firestorm wasn't the first time, and it won't be the last. Even the brief history I led with can be considered this, even if the specific firestorms don't have much bearing on the pricing and perks of an expansion.
The taint on a company's image this creates is the most lasting effect of a firestorm, continuing long after the ashes have stopped smoldering. People remember those negative patterns, and it stacks up against ArenaNet when they consider whether or not to support Guild Wars 2 going forward.
The Catch Fire-22
The biggest problem with a firestorm is that once started, there are only two options: heed or ignore. And both have their negative effects that only get worse with time.
If Heeded…
…people start assuming that's the best (or only) way to get unpopular decisions changed. They summon up the pitchforks immediately, even if the decision isn't one ArenaNet is committed to and would quickly change with some constructive criticism. The firestorm starts up, because in the past that was the only way to change ArenaNet's mind.
Worse still, it delegitimizes any and all other forms of feedback or criticism*. If the community is convinced that only by mobbing social media with a need for a fix will a fix actually happen, then all other avenues are a complete waste of time.
*Full disclosure: Yes, that includes me.
If Ignored…
As the sheer scope of the prepurchase firestorm illustrated, ignoring for even a few days causes things to escalate faster than Ron Burgundy can tell you that. After being whipped fever-pitch the day after the firestorm started, ArenaNet went utterly silent on prepurchasing.
Lightning-fast, scads of MMO and gaming news websites picked up the story of people's vehement dislike of the prepurchase options. And sided with them. ArenaNet's public image was burnt to a crisp in mere days, with MassivelyOP issuing the well-reasoned statement “…what ANet does next will color the expansion's launch months from now.”
Ignorance is not bliss in firestorms, and if they reach a high enough intensity, heeding the mob becomes the only intelligent option*.
*I conjecture the reason the dungeon/SAB firestorm didn't go anywhere is because both audiences are relatively niche compared to the Guild Wars 2 community as a whole. The other three cases here (commander tags, gems-to-gold exchange, prepurchase) affected everyone. Fewer people to be unhappy makes it easier for the firestorm to burn itself out.
Avoiding a Smoldering Landscape
Looking at this bleak state of affairs, it's clear that firestorms are bad, regardless of what happens as a result of them. So what to do?
The Spark in the Dry Field
The root causes of a feedback firestorm are broken trust and poor communication between the developer and the community. I covered this at length when speaking of ArenaNet's communication policy.
Aside from more exhaustive reveals (good thing), poor communication and interaction still happens. Else, how would prepurchase options that immediately kick off a firestorm have gone live? And because communication has not improved, the already broken trust hasn't healed either. This prepurchase firestorm broke that trust even further.
The best way to avoid firestorms is to be out in front like forest rangers, prescribing burns (small bits of “bad news” due to business reality, design priorities, etc.), rather than letting the overgrowth of distrust cover the ground, waiting for an errant match (the prepurchase, in this case).
No matter how much “bad PR” results from such prescribed burns, they are minor, and offset by greater transparency (and thus greater communication, and greater trust) between ArenaNet and the community. Rather than having an entire page of “prepurchase is garbage,” coating the subreddit for a solid day, it's the occasional “I ain't happy” thread here and there.
Battling the Flames
So what happens if the attempts to avoid firestorms doesn't work? What if one sparks in an untended area of the community?
Admit the mistake. ASAP.
This is what did not happen with the prepurchase. After Gaile's ill-fated clarification about the price of the expansion, ArenaNet went silent about it. Only on Monday, when the full response was being posted, was a word said.
Silence is implied ignorance when facing a mob of angry people. And confronted with silence, the mob will shout all the louder, drawing more attention from others and increasing the inferno's raging.
Admitting the mistake defuses the mob, letting reasoned voices poke out to give solid feedback on what they don't like, and how to fix it, rather than the screams of “I don't want!”*
*I'm not saying that people don't do this already during the worst of a firestorm, but it's easy to get drowned out amongst the number of voices being far less articulate.
Baring the Embers
Simply admitting the mistake isn't enough. Fixing it in some form is still required. Dig down to the root causes of the firestorm and figure out what will work for the vast majority of players. Then implement it.
And after the ashes have ceased smoldering, go back and figure out what caused it in the first place, to prevent it from occurring again.
ArenaNet definitely did do this with the community response on Monday. But only after the firestorm had been allowed to continue unabated for a solid week.
Conclusion
Firestorms are bad. Period. No matter the result, they hurt everyone involved and break the trust that companies need to be successful in the cutthroat world of business. And at the root of these severe breakdowns in communication is a broken trust that customers (the community) have with the company (ArenaNet).
I cannot stress enough how important mending broken trust is. In a world where social media can praise or vilify someone en masse in mere minutes, trust, and the good will that comes from it, are paramount. Ignoring the rift only ensures that it will grow wider with time. The prepurchase firestorm is a prime example.
Advertisements
0
Brazil was bracing Saturday for a first wave of nationwide demonstrations against staging the World Cup after activists from the radical protest group Anonymous went on social media calling for action, AFP reports.With less than five months to go before the June 12 kick-off -- when the five-time champions and hosts take on Croatia -- Brazil is again facing the social rumblings which marred last year's Confederations Cup dress rehearsal.Anonymous called for protests via its Facebook page under the slogan, "The Cup will not take place," while "FIFA go home" was another term which appeared on Twitter, referring to football's world governing body, which will be watching the weekend's events nervously.Brazilians are avid users of social media, which is a favored tool to organize protests.Many in football-mad Brazil say they are not against the World Cup as such -- their country is the most successful nation in the tournament's 84-year history.But they are angry to see hundreds of millions of dollars spent on preparing 12 host cities for the sports jamboree when poor infrastructure and areas such as health and education require urgent massive investment.Anonymous, which has staged a number of highly publicized stunts in different countries, says Saturday's protests in 36 cities across Brazil -- a nation of 200 million -- "will be followed by others."In Rio de Janeiro, scene of repeated demonstrations -- some of them violent -- since last June, protesters are set to meet at 5:00 pm (1900 GMT) in front of the luxurious Copacabana Palace Hotel, just off the city's famous beach.In São Paulo, the rendez-vous is the city's Masp art museum on the central Avenida Paulista thoroughfare.Other cities expecting demonstrations include Salvador, Porto Alegre, Belo Horizonte, Curitiba and the capital Brasilia."In Rio, 4,000 people have confirmed their presence on social media," a lawyer aiding residents evicted from their homes as organizers spruce up the area around the city's Maracana stadium told AFP "We are expecting between 500 and 1,000 will show up. Bring your gas mask!" she added.A spokesman for São Paulo's "free pass" student movement, which sparked last summer's protests at transport fare rises, told AFP that they "support the demonstrations but will not participate."Spokesman Caio Martins explained: "We can't be everywhere."Rio's state secretariat for public security told AFP that "intelligence services have been constantly monitoring" social media sites since last year's demonstrations, which initially stunned the authorities."Public demonstrations are part of democracy, but if there is vandalism, security forces will intervene," the secretariat told AFP by email.After starting off last June the demonstrations progressively became more radical -- and violent -- before fizzling out.Brazil has, however, been hit in recent weeks by fresh unrest of a different kind with "rolezinhos," or flash mobs primarily comprising youths from slum areas, swooping on shopping malls in swanky districts of Rio and São Paulo.Bans have been slapped on them to stamp out the craze.University of Rio (Uerj) sociologist Jose Augusto Rodrigues says it is difficult to tell if calls to protest will be followed Saturday."Things are bubbling under to a certain degree on the social media sites after the ban on 'rolezinhos.' But it's hard to say if people will show or not. It will be a means of taking the temperature" of disaffected youth as the World Cup looms into view, Rodrigues said."What will happen will also depend on how the police react. If there is repression, that will underpin solidarity" among the protesters.He added: "There will be protests during the World Cup, particularly as it is a general election year, but not on the scale of last June."People have lost the desire to demonstrate owing to the radicalization of certain protest groups, while the authorities for their part have learnt to keep the protests under control."Another Uerj sociologist, Alba Zaluar, said: "Those who call for rejection of the World Cup have forgotten to consult the Brazilian people," given that polls indicate a solid majority back the event.
Five years ago, hell, make that two, no one knew Vivian Maier from Vivian Vance. And why should they have? Dead at 83 in 2009, Maier led a decidedly reclusive, secretive life, unmarried, childless, seemingly unencumbered by any living siblings, largely friendless and working mostly as a nanny for a bewildering array of families in Chicago and New York, including that of seventies talk-show superstar Phil Donahue.
Today, Vivian Maier is famous. The toast of the art world, in fact, and poised to get a lot more famous. A new documentary about her, Finding Vivian Maier, is having its world premiere this month at the Toronto International Film Festival while two Toronto galleries are hosting the first-ever exhibitions of her work in Canada.
Maier's work was photography – street scenes, beach scenes, playgrounds, buildings, shadows and light, a stunning series of self-portraits – which she did with a Rolleiflex twin-lens camera strapped over her shoulders. Shot mostly but not exclusively in black and white, the pictures are distinguished by an alert watchfulness, compositional clarity, sureness of vision, tactility. And we're talking a lot of photography: At the time of her death it's estimated she left behind perhaps 3,000 prints, more than 120,000 negatives, a few thousand rolls of unprocessed film and 150 Super-8mm home movies. All this was crammed, along with many of Maier's other possessions, into five large lockers in Chicago where, in 2007, the storage facility owner sold their contents for non-payment of rent to an auctioneer for $750.
Story continues below advertisement
None of the photographs had been published or exhibited anywhere during Maier's lifetime. Arguably, it wasn't until early 2011, when the Chicago Cultural Center hosted a three-month exhibition of her work, that the word started to spread and Maier's reputation began to ascend to the point where her best photographs (connoisseurs generally agree those were lensed in the 1950s and '60s) now rank with the best of Helen Levitt, André Kertész, Lisette Model, Garry Winogrand, among other point-and-shoot giants of the last 125 years. If you want to test that thesis, travel to the newly opened By Appointment gallery in Toronto where proprietor-curator Isa Spalding is exhibiting 21 Maier prints, 10 of them in one room alongside works by such names as Winogrand, Kertész and Berenice Abbott and living Canadians like Fred Herzog, Stephen Waddell and Scott McFarland. "It's about putting Vivian in a context," notes Spalding.
That there's even the basis for such discussion and comparison is a near miracle. After taking Maier's wares from the storage facility, the auctioneer proceeded to trash about 80 per cent of their contents, deeming them unsalable, according to Toronto's Stephen Bulger who currently has his own show of Maier prints up at his eponymous gallery. Fortunately, the auctioneer seems to have mostly held on to the photographic material, eventually breaking it into 40 or 50 large lots which he sold over three weeks for about $7,500. One of the successful bidders was John Maloof, at the time a 25-year-old real-estate salesman and historian who was co-authoring a history of his Chicago neighbourhood and thought the big box of 30,000 or so Maier negatives he bought, largely unseen for $380, might contain something useful. It didn't. But today Maloof is generally acknowledged as the owner of the most Maier negatives in the world (100,000), followed by another Chicagoan, the painter Jeff Goldstein, who reportedly has about 20,000 negatives (bought from an individual who, like Maloof, participated the 2007 auction but afterward expressed, in Bulger's words, "a bit of buyer's remorse" at having spent the modest sum he had). It's prints from the Goldstein collection that make up Bulger's show, titled Out of the Shadows, while Spalding's are from Maloof's hoard.
Claiming "[his] mission is to put Vivian in the history books," Maloof edited the first substantial monograph on Maier, published in November 2011, then went on to arrange exhibitions of her work at prestigious galleries in Los Angeles and New York. Maloof never met Maier although he has said he "wanted to meet her" post-auction only to have the auction house say "she was ill. [So] I didn't want to bother her." Her trail, moreover, was difficult to track and when, in 2009, he did decide to make a concerted effort, he was stopped cold by a death notice in the Chicago Tribune.
Finding Vivian Maier represents the resumption of the quest. Not only is Maloof a major presence and voice in its 83 minutes, he's also the film's co-producer, co-writer and cinematographer. Poignant, not a little sad, occasionally disturbing, the documentary does a yeoman's job filling in quite a few of the blanks in the Maier biography and, by extension, her photographic practice. Who knew she went on a solo, around-the-world trip in 1959? Or that she tried to go into the postcard business in France? Or that she could be "mean" to some of her young charges? Still, as Roy Orbison would put it, she's very much "a mystery girl" and likely will remain that way. This is not an entirely bad state of affairs, especially for her art. The great thing about Maier initially was that she seemed to come out of nowhere to posthumously elbow her way near the top of the photographic class. All there was was the art – pure, mysterious, uncompromised by gossip, New Yorker profiles, tweets, visits by TV crews to her nursing home. What we knew is what she saw and we saw that it was good.
Finding Vivian Maier plays TIFF Sept. 9 and 10. Vivian Maier: Street Photographer and Street View is at By Appointment, 23 Morrow Ave., Toronto through Sept. 15. Vivian Maier: Out of the Shadows is at the Stephen Bulger Gallery, 1026 Queen St. W., Toronto through Sept. 14.
FADE IN on a high-school classroom. It's clearly just before class starts; most children are in or near their seats, but all are chatting happily. Near the side of the frame, a paper airplane makes a brief flight from the middle to the edge of the room. As the teacher, wearing horn-rimmed glasses, walks in, the students begin to settle down, all smiling.
The camera focuses on a girl in the front row wearing a white blouse, flowered skirt below her knee, and pink sweater.
NARRATOR: Meet Susan. An all-American girl. She wants to go to Tech State University next year. Her teachers and counselors say she has a great chance of getting in as long as she keeps her grades up. What they don't tell her is that it's much more than bad grades that can ruin a young girl's dreams.
CUT TO: A local drug store / lunch counter / soda fountain / pinball arcade filled with rambunctious scamps. Couples are sipping malts with two straws; some of the more casually dressed fellows are at the pinball machine; and our SUSAN is in a booth sharing a plate of french fries with her girlfriends CAROL and LISA.
CAROL: Hey, Suze, are you on Facebook?
SUSAN: Facebook? You mean our class yearbook? Of course I'm in that!
CAROL: No, this is on the computer. [pulls out iPhone] It's a way for friends to stay connected over the internet. See? I'm on it, and so is Ruth Burrows, and we even found our math teacher Mr. Hawkins! Plus, you can play games with each other and post your vacation pictures…
SUSAN: [investigating Carol's phone] Wow, what DOESN'T this thing do?
LISA: Girls, I don't like the sound of this. Aren't all our friends right here anyway?
CAROL: Oh, don't be such a nerd. This is the future of technology! Suze, I'll help you sign up. Just go to facebook.com on your phone.
Quick DISSOLVE to forty seconds into the future
CAROL: And now all you have to do is post a picture of yourself and fill in all this information.
SUSAN: Okay, favorite foods: french fries, milkshakes, and sushi… religion: Methodist… hobbies: watching movies, going to sockhops, and laser tag… now to put on some photos for you guys…
LISA: Do you really want to be putting all this online?
SUSAN: Stop worrying, geez. Ooh -- it says here that I can “check in” at the lunch counter on something called FourSquare. What does that mean?
CAROL: Do it! I'm on it, too, and whenever you check in, you get little rewards on the screen. I'm currently the “Mayor” of this booth, which means these fries were a dollar off!
SUSAN: Wow, a whole dollar!?! [excitedly presses icons on her iPhone]
PAN to five tables over. A group of three boys, LARS, HENRIK, and IVAN, are eating cheeseburgers, each with an iPhone of his own
LARS: Dude, check out this new app. [presses icon on iPhone] It's awesome.
IVAN: Is this another stupid tower-defense game? I have no patience…
LARS: No man, it's called Girls Around Me. It lets you check out girls.
IVAN and HENRIK: Let's see it!
Camera ZOOMS on LARS's iPhone and shows a map of Anytown, USA. Red markers dot the landscape, including a noticeable cluster around a square labeled RED'S FUN THYME HANGOUT
LARS: See all these dots? They're girls who checked in on FourSquare recently. The app links that info with their Facebook profiles, so we can see extra photos and info about them.
HENRIK: [noticing a picture] Hey, who's that?
LARS: [touches one picture] Her name's Susan. She's a Methodist, likes sushi and laser tag, and best of all, all her photos are public.
IVAN: [rubbing his hands together] This is already my favorite app ever.
LARS: [eyes bugging] Whoa! Check out her with her two friends on the beach! They're crazy hot. And according to Susan's profile, she's single.
HENRIK: I don't see any boys in these pictures…
IVAN: [noticing the girls behind them] Dudes! Dudes! They're right there! All three of them! We gotta go talk to them.
CUT to a brief montage of the three boys standing near the girls' table chatting them up. A music bed prevents the viewer from hearing what is said, but the boys smile and the girls giggle. As the music comes to a close, the girls start clapping
SUSAN, CAROL, and LISA: Triple date! Triple date! Triple date!
The montage continues with the six of them having a grand time at a sockhop, a sushi restaurant, and a laser-tag arena. All the while, SUSAN snaps silly pictures with IVAN, her date. As the evening comes to a close, the boys drop all three girls off at SUSAN's house.
IVAN: [to SUSAN] Can I call you again some time?
SUSAN: Absolutely! Tonight was a lot of fun. Goodnight!
FADE to a view of a college campus whose sign reads “Tech State University -- home of the Tigers”
NARRATOR: The girls' evening was a great success. But things weren't all rosy for Susan on the day of her big interview with the Tech State admissions office.
FADE to a college admissions office. A square, brown desk sits in the middle of the room; pro-TSU pennants and posters adorn the walls
ADMISSIONS OFFICER: Your grades are excellent, Miss Hargreaves, and the story you told about digging wells as a volunteer in Nicaragua was heart-rending. However, Miss Hargreaves, there is one problem.
SUSAN: Problem? What ever do you mean?
ADMISSIONS OFFICER: Are you familiar with Facebook, Miss Hargreaves?
SUSAN: Why yes, I just got on it a few days ago. It's pretty neat!
ADMISSIONS OFFICER: Neat, yes. You see, Miss Hargreaves, the problem is whom you've associated with in recent days. You've been out with a gentleman named Ivan Godunov, have you not?
SUSAN: Yes…?
ADMISSIONS OFFICER: That's the problem. You might already know, then, that Mr. Godunov is a card-carrying member of the Communist Party. [pulls out iPhone] See these pictures?
ZOOM on the ADMISSIONS OFFICER's iPhone. On it we see pictures of Ivan holding a copy of The Communist Manifesto, then another of Ivan next to the Kremlin, and another of him saluting a statue of Lenin
ADMISSIONS OFFICER: You do see how this might reflect poorly on you, I'm sure.
SUSAN: But… but I'm not a Communist. I'm a Methodist!
ADMISSIONS OFFICER: Whether that's true or not is not my concern. The fact is, we have evidence that you've consorted with Communists, and I'm afraid we here at TSU don't condone such behavior. As impressive as your resume is, I can't in good conscience admit you to our school. You and your Red friends can find education elsewhere.
SUSAN cries and runs out of the office. The camera follows her sprint through the TSU campus and driving cello music punctuates the scene
NARRATOR: Had poor Susan simply kept her wonderful night out to herself instead of posting it for everyone to see, she would have a bright future as a TSU coed. Instead, a life of wandering and sadness awaits her. Be careful, boys and girls, what information you put on the internet. You never know who might see it.
FADE OUT
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Simon Mignolet has warned that Liverpool must brace themselves for a long-ball barrage until the end of the season.
And Reds keeper Mignolet - who proved a hero in the weekend win at Stoke - believes his team's Champions League qualification hopes will ultimately rest on their ability to withstand the set-piece storm heading their way.
Jurgen Klopp's side have frequently been undermined by their inability to defend free-kicks and corners, and a run-in which on paper looks relatively easy will in fact test them to the limit, with visits to West Brom, Watford and West Ham, as well as an Anfield scrap with Crystal Palace.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
All those sides are painfully well-equipped to cause maximum damage to Liverpool's top four hopes, and Mignolet believes he and his team must now show the same courage which brought Saturday's dramatic comeback victory to deliver their European dream.
“We are going to face this kind of games for the rest of the season with long balls into the box, we have to deal with corners, and that is what we have to learn,” he said, bluntly.
“We have to grind out results and that will be the case until the end of the season. We want that Champions League spot and we will have to do it like we did at Stoke - I think we will take a lot of confidence from that.”
Liverpool sits third, and have by far the easiest run-in of any side at the top end of the Premier League.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
But their Achilles' heel has always been against the more-direct teams that can exploit any set-piece weakness, so even though they play opponents from the bottom half of the table - with the exception of the eighth-placed Baggies - they still face a massive challenge.
And the irony is not lost on Mignolet that his side must show they can win ugly to ensure they get into a competition which is home to the exact opposite of that style of football.
“It is about making sure Liverpool gets in the Champions League, because that is where it belongs,” he said.
“We have to fight both in England at the top and in Europe and that is what we have to do as a team. We will have all different match winners between now and the end of the season.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“We have done well to get four points out of six in a short space of time with the injuries we have, but we need to keep it going - we are in a good position but it is not finished.”
Liverpool also confirmed forward Sadio Mane will have surgery in the next 24 hours on damaged knee ligaments, and that the procedure will likely keep him out for two months - ending his season.
The Reds, meanwhile, have been linked with a move for Italian side Atalanta's exciting midfielder Franck Kessie .
The 20-year-old is already a full Ivory Coast international, and regarded as one of the most promising talents in European football.
Marysville is the town that disappeared. Once known as Melbourne's honeymooning centre, with its pretty guesthouses and century-old oaks, the town, about 60 miles from the Victoria state capital, is now a smouldering, post-apocalyptic wasteland.
From the air, nearby St Fillans resembles a row of campfires - piles of powdery ashes with the embers trampled out. The landscape is deserted, with caravans, boats and burned-out cars abandoned in the middle of roads. Many appear to have been trapped by flying debris - huge sections of what were once walls which have blocked the road. A house under construction is untouched by fire, but the savage winds have scattered its beams, like a child's game of pick-up sticks amid the scorched earth and blankets of smoke.
Some calamity appears to have destroyed civilization - it's like a film set, perhaps for Cormac McCarthy's post-nuclear novel The Road.
On the Maroondah Highway a shrouded corpse lies on scarred earth, surrounded by police tape. Black dots under trees turn out to be fried animals.
The horror of those furious minutes when panicked residents tried to flee the firefront is evident on a road that connects the towns of Whittlesea and Kinglake.
Cars litter the road, crashed and abandoned. In many cases, the cars that people sought as their only hope of survival, became their tombs.
On one corner just west of Kinglake, six cars lie, four completely burned out. They rest in ditches and crashed into fallen tree limbs. A motorbike lies, crashed into a tree, on the side of the road. Molten metal, car parts melted into the road, are a sign of the heat that tore through.
Elsewhere on the road there are cars that have crashed head-on.
Bodies are still being removed from the burned-out shells. Police scientists and coroners are on the scene. The official death toll in Kinglake is 12. In nearby Kinglake West, another 10.
But there are still, almost certainly, other bodies not yet found, people unaccounted for. Fire crews are moving from house to house, checking each room, every shed, every water tank.
Survivors described the firefront, fanned by the changed wind direction, as ferocious - and fast. Maryanne Mercuri was listening to the radio news for fire updates. Kinglake wasn't mentioned.
"Within two minutes, the sky went black with smoke, it was black like it was midnight, and the fire was right there. There was nothing we could do. We couldn't escape, we couldn't go anywhere," she said. "Fire was falling from the sky, huge shoots of flame. Mercuri, her husband, Rod, and children Allison, 11, and Dean and Kirk, both nine, took shelter first in the garage. When that caught fire, they ran to their shed, before running back to the house. She covered the children with towels, just something to protect them from the scorching heat.
"We didn't have time to wet them, I couldn't even see them, it was just whatever I could grab in the dark and the smoke," she said.
"They were good kids, they were really good kids. But we were all scared. We were all so scared. We even talked about heaven."
In the town of Narbethong, where the charred ground crunches underfoot, it is eerily silent. There is no noise, no birds. Rows of houses have been destroyed, a melted truck still burns, the corrugated iron of water tanks is twisted like plasticine. Only the metal clothes lines survived intact.
• This article first appeared in The Age, a newspaper based in Melbourne
Because your body is complex and redundant, training and nutrition can be simple.
Your body is a massively redundant, nonlinear, messy system. It has lots of ways to accomplish the same purposes. Here are a few examples. This is the classic image depicting most of the factors that influence the current obesity epidemic: Here are (some of) the signaling pathways leading to muscle hypertrophy, all of which are impacted to different degrees based on nutrition and training factors:
Does your body need fuel? There are four energetic macronutrients for that (you can't forget about alcohol!), as well as an abundant supply of stored energy for three of those macronutrients, in addition to the ability to produce ketones.
Does it need to accomplish a particular movement? There are multiple muscles at most joints to accomplish any particular movement. Most people, most of the time, don't need to worry about what particular muscle is being used; your nervous system typically takes care of that quite efficiently without conscious thought, and more often than not, focusing on the movement itself is more beneficial than focusing on individual muscles.
Do you want to get jacked? There are a lot of different signaling pathways that lead to muscle growth, meaning a lot of sufficiently challenging training parameters can make you swole.
There are certainly more and less efficient ways for your body to accomplish any particular purpose, and those things certainly matter at elite levels of competition, but it's easy to over-emphasize the differences and ignore the broad domains where pretty sizable differences in application really just don't matter all that much for most people, most of the time.
We like to use mechanical analogies to explain our bodies. But, quite simply, those analogies just aren't very good.
For example, a car needs a very particular type of fuel, it performs equally well until it runs out of fuel but stops functioning completely the moment it runs out, and it only has a single way of accomplishing any purpose (if one part doesn't function correctly the whole machine stops working, or starts functioning much, much worse).
A car is linear. With a car, cause and effect are easy to unravel.
If you conceptualize your body as a linear system, it becomes much, much easier to get hung up on the details.
In a linear system, a small tweak can be the difference between optimal function and zero function. A small tweak will have predictable downstream consequences.
In a messy, nonlinear system, small tweaks are much less important. Fasted cardio? Eating six meals per day? Post-workout supplement regimens? Finding a magic rep range (that's the topic of next week's article)?
It's not that those things won't make any difference. It's just that, if they do make a difference, the difference will probably be very small, since those things are just details, not big-picture items.
In a messy, redundant, nonlinear system, small tweaks generally get lost in the noise.
Calorie intake, protein intake, and training volume are by far the most important factors determining your body composition and degree of swole-ness. Add in training intensity and specificity, and you've got the major factors determining strength as well.
Everything else is just details. And it's not that details don't matter; it's just that unless you're an elite-level athlete trying to eek out an extra percentage of performance, they don't matter very much. In a complex, redundant system, details generally get lost in the noise, and end up having at most a trivial effect.
You have the complexity of your physiology to thank for the simplicity in application.
Spread the love Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
Pocket
More
Print
Pinterest
The most surprising thing about this summer's most interesting blockbuster isn't that it lives up to the hype, a critical tornado sparked into inferno by the irresistible news that a prominent Men's Rights Activist had been moved to boycott it. It isn't that a 30-year-old film franchise realized that the way to make the post-apocalypse sing in the year 2015 was to tell a story about women clawing their freedom from the flesh of men inch by bloody inch. And it isn't that the film scored lower at the box office than a star-studded sequel to a franchise one tenth Mad Max's age and rated for younger viewers.
This post contains minor spoilers for Mad Max: Fury Road.
The most surprising is the fact that in a film full of vehicular slaughter and in which the titular character is imprisoned for the value of his blood, visible gore in the film is reserved exclusively for major plot moments. In a story which revolves around the journey of several scantily clad former sex slaves, the audience is never invited to sexualize their bodies and never forced to watch their physical degradation.
Fury Road is all about fluids. Gasoline and water are the obvious resources for any post apocalypse worth its salt flats, but in Fury Road breast milk and blood make showings as well. The former is mentioned here and there as something of a controlled substance in the domain of tyrannical warlord Immortan Joe, but blood maintains a strong presence throughout.
Max's universal donor blood type makes him a prime catch for Joe's War Boys, as it makes him more useful as a human battery. And "as a human battery" is precisely how he spends the first 40-odd minutes (a third of the total runtime) of Fury Road. In one of his final acts of the story, Max revives Furiosa — not with the oft sexualized or romanticized use of CPR — but with a transfusion of his own blood, a reversal of how he enters Immortan Joe's community.
Honestly, the least realistic element of the movie may have been Max's ability to walk around without fainting. But for all the transfusions, guns, needle-firing crossbows, acrobatically flipping chop shop monstrosities and battlefield surgery, Fury Road has about as much on-screen body horror as your average Indiana Jones flick. Which is to say, a few notable examples used exclusively to mark the deaths of its most corrupt villains, and otherwise a near complete abstention from dwelling on serious injury or mutilation.
While restraint in the arena of body horror is surprising for a film of Fury Road's bombastic genre — in which a working double-necked guitar that is also a flamethrower is simply par for the course — restraint in the arena of objectifying women is almost entirely unheard of in the big-budget entertainment industry.
If you asked me where I'd expect to find a film about two main characters escorting a band of women on the run from a life of sexual slavery to freedom that never lingered over the dripping wet, scantily clad bodies of the majority of its main cast, that never actually depicted or implied an act of sexual violence during the course of the narrative — I would certainly not say: "In the revival of one of the most masculine genre franchises of the last century, advertised with a trailer that prominently featured a fire tornado." I'd say "Probably in limited release in coastal cities. Perhaps with the phrase 'From Producer Angelina Jolie' in larger letters, above the title."
As a fan of genre entertainment, I'd be saying it with a certain amount of weariness. Genre fiction has the same problems of representation as the larger entertainment industry, but those problems are often ironically highlighted by its love of a certain well of themes. Genre fiction loves an underdog, for example, the revolutionary. It loves the victim who overturns the oppressor, but when it comes down to crafting the identity of those heroes, the roles overwhelmingly go to the least structurally oppressed members of our society. Women, relationships with them, and consenting access to their bodies, are often simply one more thing for those heroes to earn over the course of their journey.
Fury Road's choices are not bowdlerization, political correctness, or so-called "censorship."
It could be said that Fury Road's obviously deliberate choice to include within its production the humanity of all of its female characters and to form the entire plot of the story from their choices was thrown into — if you'll pardon the phrase — stark relief simply by the company it kept in its opening weekend.
After all, on Sunday night another juggernaut of the entertainment world chose, again, not only to attempt to cement a female character's importance to the overall plot line by creating a situation in which she was required to place her bodily autonomy in the hands of a hostile, violent man in order to further her ambitions — but to film it as the stomach churning period at the end of a story installment.
More than anything else, what Mad Max: Fury Road chooses not to do establishes the value of restraint over reaching for "shock value." Fury Road's choices are not bowdlerization, political correctness, or so-called "censorship," the negative labels so often thrown at, for example, requests to handle sexual assault in fiction with a more considered touch. They're choices that make it a stronger story.
Refraining from the overuse of gore helps Fury Road, because when those moments of violence do come, the audience has not been so desensitized that they cannot emotionally recognize the noble death of a veteran warrior, the riveting second wind of an injured hero, or the long-overdue just desserts of a brutal tyrant. It's a surprising choice that sets it apart from many other films of its genre and era.
Refraining from objectification helps Fury Road as well. By allowing Splendid and the other women with her to become characters, fictional people with a narrative and literal value that eclipses their potential to be visually (or otherwise) pleasing to a man, Fury Road gains more of the audience's empathy to play with, it gains more meaningful interactions to showcase. It, simply, gains.
Massey University chancellor Chris Kelly has apologised for his comments about female vets.
Massey University's chancellor has come under fire for making comments about female vet graduates being worth just "two-fifths" of a fulltime equivalent vet.
Wellington businessman Chris Kelly, who became Massey chancellor in 2013, discussed changes for students studying farming and vet work in their courses from 2019 with a rural publication this month.
He has since apologised.
RNZ MORNING REPORT Veterinarians are distancing themselves from the remarks by Massey University's Chancellor Chris Kelly that are being labelled as sexist.
Kelly told Rural News that 75 to 85 per cent of vet students were women and in the first year when there was a high 'cull', it was the female students who continued because the work was largely academic.
"That's because women mature earlier than men, work hard and pass," he told Rural News. "Whereas men find out about booze and all sorts of crazy things during their first year."
MURRAY WILSON/FAIRFAX NZ Massey University chancellor Chris Kelly.
Kelly then went on to imply that a high fallout rate in the vet profession was the result of the life choices made by female graduates.
"When I went through vet school, many years ago, it was dominated by men; today it's dominated by women. That's fine, but the problem is one woman graduate is equivalent to two-fifths of a fulltime equivalent vet throughout her life because she gets married and has a family, which is normal. So, though we're graduating a lot of vets, we're getting a high fallout rate later on."
Veterinary Council of New Zealand chairman Nick Twyford told Radio New Zealand the comments had sparked a discussion on gender equality and balance in the profession.
"I think that's a good thing because it raises people's awareness about this and the discussion that follows can help to break down some of the myths that might exist out there."
Kelly's comments had raised the question of whether female vets were as able to work in farm practices with farm animals because of their physical size - there was no basis for that, Twyford said.
Half of the vets in the country were female, and they were well represented in the practices serving farms, he said.
The inference in Kelly's comments that the selection process at Massey preferentially selected women was incorrect, he said. The proportion accepted was the same as that of the proportion of both sexes applying and there was nothing to back up Kelly's comments that male students may be too unfocused or immature to get into the school.
The suggestion female vets were worth "two-fifths" of a male vet, was "clearly ludicrous", Twyford said.
"Females make terrific vets, there's absolutely no way of criticising the work that female veterinarians are doing. Clearly what he was doing was pointing to the fact that they don't necessarily work for their full career as compared with a man traditionally."
But that was also not borne out in the facts, he said. For their first 10 years students were in the workforce, work hours between males and females were split equally. After the age of 30, there was a slight drop-off in the hours women were working per week - for women the hours were between 35-40 a week, and for men, 40-45 hours a week.
"To suggest female veterinarians are only working 40 per cent of the time male veterinarians are working is clearly not correct."
Courtney Tarttelin, who recently completed a bachelor of vet science at Massey, said many students were fired up about the comments.
"He is sexist to both genders. It's just completely ridiculous."
Kelly's comments implied that women were more capable of working with small animals than large animals, she said.
"He's assuming that women want to play with fluffy kittens and dogs."
Tarttelin had just started a vet job working mainly with dairy cattle and sheep.
Comments like this coming from the university's chancellor could prevent students from enrolling, she said.
"It would be intimidating and it would make women feel unwanted or it could make them more determined to succeed."
Massey veterinary science graduate Jack Newton-Jackson said Kelly's comments were degrading.
"Kelly's article has severely dented the pride I have in my Massey degree as I begin work in a new country."
Newton-Jackson graduated in 2016 and worked in a vet clinic in the United Kingdom with mostly small animals.
"Out of all professions, the veterinary profession should be understanding of the miracle of childbirth and the importance of raising the next generation," he said.
"Not all women want to necessarily have kids and many males would be happy to share the child-rearing responsibility."
Vet and Palmerston North City councillor Lorna Johnson said Kelly's views were outdated.
"It was like a throwback. It's not what I want to see for women vets.
"It implies that parents aren't co-parenting. It's a lack of understanding of modern upbringing," she said.
"It's also insulting for male vets as it implies that all they want to do is booze."
Kelly released an apology on Twitter, conceding the information he gave was incorrect.
The Chancellor has apologised and conceded the information he gave in the article was incorrect. pic.twitter.com/5S5xftDWi9 — Massey University (@MasseyUni) December 13, 2016
"I sincerely apologise for the remarks reported in a recent Rural News article.
"It does not reflect my personal view of Massey or its courses. It was certainly not my intention to offend anyone but I concede I have done so.
"I was trying to explain changes Massey University has made over a number of years in the veterinary science programme in response to industry needs, and also concede that the information was not factual."
Recent veterinary graduate Julia Zhu said she understood what Kelly was trying to say, but believed he just worded it wrong.
From her practical work, she had noticed more female vets on part-time contracts than male, while also noticing it was often men who who owned their own veterinary clinics.
Kelly's comments were met with consternation by a number of academics, politicians and students, who expressed their outrage in online posts.
Yes, I am only worth 40% of a male vet according to Chris Kelly. Here's the original link. https://t.co/ODTC1mSK1C — Lorna Johnson (@lornaajohnson) December 12, 2016
As an employee, I can face serious consequences if I bring the university into disrepute. https://t.co/7tH2fBEjWk — Deborah Russell (@BeeFaerie) December 12, 2016
A statement from Massey University said the correct information was as follows:
Share
A team of researchers at the University of California, San Diego have created a smart wearable temporary tattoo, capable of sending information to your smartphone about your possible level of inebriation.
The device, which is worn on the skin, works by detecting alcohol levels in perspiration. It could, its creators hope, be a handy way of letting individuals monitor their personal alcohol intake.
“The number of DUIs each year is enormous,” Jayoung Kim, one of the authors on the paper, told Digital Trends. “Breathalyzers — which are the most commonly-used alcohol sensor — have the chance to give false-signals if, for example, you measure as soon as you finish an alcoholic drink. Therefore, we wanted to develop a wearable non-invasive alcohol sensor to give more accurate data in a real-time. Hopefully it can contribute to reducing the number of DUIs.”
The wearable sensor uses a technique called iontophoresis to induce perspiration on the skin underneath the patch. Another component then senses changes in the electrical current that flows through the generated sweat — and measures this for alcohol levels.
While measuring alcohol levels in perspiration has been attempted before, these attempts typically take around two to three hours to produce a reading. The new wearable sensor, on the other hand, sends a reading to a user's smartphone in only eight minutes via Bluetooth.
Combined with the fact that it is non-invasive and can be worn discretely, it makes the possibility of near real-time alcohol monitoring a practical possibility for the first time.
“We still have several things to do before we can bring this to market,” Kim said. “Currently, we are working on testing it with a larger number of subjects to get better accuracy, and to develop a more user-friendly app. We think it would be possible to connect it with a car service like Uber or Lyft, or to send a message to a friend when you are drunk.”
Name Period Today Notes
Kruševo Republic 1903 Part of North Macedonia Republic established in Kruševo, Macedonia at the start of the Ilinden Uprising. It lasted solely 10 days, from the third to the thirteenth of August. It can be considered as one of the first modern governments with leftist views, as both the president, Nikola Karev and his co-writer of the Kruševo Manifesto, Nikola Kirov, were socialists and members of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party.
Chita Republic, Krasnoyarsk Republic, Novorossiysk Republic, Sochi Republic, Starobuyanskaya Republic 1905–1906 Part of Russia The Chita Republic was a worker and peasants' dictatory republic in Chita during the Russian Revolution of 1905, installed by actual seizure of power in Chita RSDLP Committee and the Council of Soldiers 'and Cossacks' Deputies in November 1905 – January 1906. The Krasnoyarsk Republic – government, organized by the Joint Board of Workers 'and Soldiers' Deputies in Krasnoyarsk during the First Russian Revolution. Lasted from 9 to 27 December 1905. The Novorossiysk Republic – the worker-peasant self-government established by the Council of Workers' Deputies in Novorossiysk December 12, 1905 lasted until 26 December of the same year. The Sochi Republic – political education social democratic sense, arising from the modern city of Sochi as a result of the revolutionary uprisings of 1905. Lasted from December 28, 1905 to January 5, 1906 (i.e., about 9 days). The Starobuyanskaya Republic – peasant self-government established during the First Russian Revolution in the village of Stary Buyan. Lasted from 12 to 26 November 1905.
Gurian Republic 1905–1906 Part of Georgia The Gurian Republic or the Gurian peasant republic was an insurrection that took place in the western Georgian province Guria (then part of the Imperial Russia) prior to and during the Russian Revolution of 1905. Republic existed from the November 1905 to January 10, 1906.
Liubotyn Republic and Shuliavka Republic 1905 Part of Ukraine The Lyubotinskaya Republic – proclaimed in December 1905, independent workers' state in the armed insurrection of the workers and railwaymen in Lyubotin during the Russian Revolution of 1905. Republic existed from the December 26 to 30, 1905. The Shuliavka Republic was an early 20th-century worker-based quasi-government organization in the city of Kiev, Ukraine, whose main task was self-defence. The uprising lasted a total of four days, from December 12–16 (o.s., in the Gregorian Calendar, 26–29), 1905.
Markovo Republic 1905–1906 Part of Russia Markovo Republic was a self-proclaimed peasant state, located in Russia, in the Volokolamsk area. It was proclaimed on October 18, 1905, when during the Russian Revolution of 1905 peasants took control of the local government in the village Markovo and 5 other villages. It had existed until July 18, 1906.
Republika Ostrowiecka 1905–1906 Part of Poland The Ostrovetskaya Republic (Republika Ostrowiecka) – government set December 27, 1905 during the First Russian Revolution in cities Ostrowiec, Iłżę, Ćmielów and locality. Republic fell in the middle of January 1906.
Republic of Central Albania 1913–1914 Part of Albania The Republic of Central Albania was a republic declared following the pullout of Ottoman forces from the former Albanian Vilayet. Declared by Essad Pasha Toptani, the republic's existence came to an end when the troops of Wilhelm of Wied took control of the country.
Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic 1917–1922 Part of Russia Revolutionary soviet state led by Vladimir Lenin during the Russian civil war.
Soviet Republic of Naissaar 1917–1918 Part of Estonia Revolutionary soviet state led by Stepan Petrichenko during the First World War controlled the Estonian island of Naissaar.On 26 February 1918, the government evacuated from the island.
Odessa Soviet Republic 1918 part of Ukraine and Moldova Odessan Soviet Republic was a short-lived Soviet republic formed on January 31, 1918. It was disestablished on 13 March 1918. It was not recognized by any country.[ citation needed ]
Republic of Tarnobrzeg 1918–1919 Part of Poland The Republic of Tarnobrzeg was proclaimed November 6, 1918 in the Polish town of Tarnobrzeg. Disestablished Spring 1919.
Kuban People's Republic 1918–1920 Part of Russia A territory in Russia, it was declared by Kuban Cossacks in 1918. It supported the White Movement and was overrun by the Bolsheviks in 1920.
Komancza Republic 1918–1919 Part of Ukraine An association of 30 pro-Ukrainian villages, it planned to merge with the West Ukrainian People's Republic but was suppressed by Poland during the Polish-Ukrainian War
Republic of Vorarlberg 1918 Part of Austria Amidst the chaos in collapse of the Austro-Hungarian empire the Vorarlbergers proclaimed themselves a separate non-Austrian, Germanic people and declared on 3 November 1918 the independence as Republic of Vorarlberg. The secession was blocked by the alies and the new Austrian republican government. In April 1919, over 80% of the Vorarlbergers voted to secede from Austria and attach themselves to Switzerland, but they were again blocked.[32]
Banat Republic 1918 Part of Romania, Serbia, and Hungary Established in the Banat region of modern Serbia by members of ethnic groups in the region, it was only recognized by Hungary. It was invaded by Serbia and in 1919 partitioned between Hungary, Romania, and the newly created Yugoslavia.
Republic of Venezia-Giulia 1918 Part of Italy and Slovenia Centered on the port of Fiume, now called Rijeka by the Croatian inhabitants, Venezia-Giulia was an important staging area for the Austro-Hungarian Empire's Adriatic trade. After the war, both Yugoslavia and Italy claimed the area. The inhabitants refused to join either nation, preferring to remain independent and retain the cosmopolitan, multi-ethnic nature of the area. After Fiume's seizure by Italian nationalists in 1919, the Republic was partitioned.[33]
Republic of Perloja 1918–1923 Part of Lithuania In the chaos after World War I, responding to such situation the locals established a self-governing parish committee, often called the Republic of Perloja. The Republic of Perloja had its own court, police, prison, currency (Perloja litas), and an army of 300 men.
Bavarian Soviet Republic and Bremen Soviet Republic 1919 Part of Germany The Bavarian Soviet Republic, also known as the Munich Soviet Republic was, as part of the German Revolution of 1918–1919, the attempt to establish a socialist state in the form of a democratic workers' council republic in the Free State of Bavaria. Another Republic that existed was the Bremen Soviet Republic.
Slovak Soviet Republic 1919 Part of Slovakia A pro-Hungarian puppet state set up by Red Guards from the Hungarian Soviet Republic in Upper Hungary. After a brief war it was returned to Czechoslovakia as promised by early peace agreements.
Republic of Prekmurje 1919 Part of Slovenia[35] Existed for six days.
Limerick Soviet 1919 Part of Ireland The Limerick Soviet (republic) was a self-declared Soviet Republic that existed from 15 to 27 April 1919.
Free State Bottleneck 1919–1923 Part of Germany The Free State Bottleneck (German: Freistaat Flaschenhals) was a short-lived quasi-state that existed from 10 January 1919 until 25 February 1923. It was formed out of part of the Prussian province of Hesse-Nassau as a consequence of the occupation of the Rhineland following World War I.
Monarchy of the North 1919 Part of Portugal A stated that established by monarchists trying to restore the monarchy. It was crushed by the Portuguese Army.
Galician Soviet Socialist Republic 1920 Now part of Ukraine The Soviet Republic Galician SSR existed from July 8, 1920 to September 21, 1920, during the Polish-Soviet War within the area of the south-western front of the Red Army.
Lajtabánság 1921 Part of Austria and Hungary State declared in the Burgenland state of Austria by ethnic Hungarians following the Treaty of Trianon, where Hungary was forced to surrender the territory. It was ceased to exist after a month when Austria annexed it.
Labin Republic 1921 Part of Croatia Republic established in Labin, Croatia.
Republic of Mirdita 1921 Part of Albania Set up by Albanian Catholics trying to break away from Albania which is a mainly Muslim country. It was backed by Yugoslavia but only lasted three months.
Carpatho-Ukraine 1939 Part of Ukraine Carpatho-Ukraine was an autonomous region within Czechoslovakia from late 1938 to March 15, 1939. It declared itself an independent republic on March 15, 1939, but was returned to Hungary between March 15 and March 16, 1939, remaining under Hungarian control until the Nazi occupation of Hungary in 1944. On June 29, 1945, a treaty was signed under pressure of USSR between Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union, ceding Carpatho-Ruthenia officially to the Soviet Union. In 1946 the area was forced to become part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, as the Zakarpattia Oblast (Transcarpathian Region).
First Slovak Republic 1939–1945 Part of Slovakia Between 1939 and 1945, First Slovak Republic was a puppet state of Nazi Germany.
Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic 1940–1991 Part of Estonia A puppet state[37] which was created in 1940 and forcibly incorporated into Soviet Union. It was not recognized by the majority of Western countries.
Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic 1940–1991 Part of Latvia A puppet state[37] which was created in 1940 and forcibly incorporated into Soviet Union. It was not recognized by the majority of Western countries.
Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic 1940–1991 Part of Lithuania A puppet state[37] which was created in 1940 and forcibly incorporated into Soviet Union. It was not recognized by the majority of Western countries.
Bihac Republic 1942–1943 Part of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia Area liberated by Yugoslav partisans before being recaptured by the German Army.
Italian Social Republic 1943–1945 Part of Italy German-dominated puppet state under Benito Mussolini, formed in the North of Italy after the Italian King Victor Emmanuel III signed an armistice with the Allies.
Free Republic of Vercors 1944 Part of France On 3 July 1944 the Free Republic of Vercors was proclaimed, the first democratic territory in France since the beginning of the German occupation in 1940. The republic ceased to exist before the end of the month.
Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic 1990– Disputed Region in Moldova that declared its secession on 2 September 1990 when it alleged the resurgent Moldovan nationalist movement was threatening the language rights of Russian-speakers in eastern Moldova. Transnistria achieved de facto independence following a brief war in 1992.
Gagauzia 1990–1994 Part of Moldova Region in Moldova that declared its independence on 19 August 1991 following the attempted August coup in Moscow. Gagauzia was uncomfortable with the potential unification between Moldova and Romania. It was later reintegrated into Moldova as an autonomous region in 1994.
Republika Srpska 1992–1995 One of the two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina Transformed into an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina, covering 50% of the land with 90%+ ethnic Serbs.
Republic of Western Bosnia 1993–1995 Part of Bosnia and Herzegovina The Autonomous Province of Western Bosnia, existed during the Bosnian War. Its leader was later convicted of war crimes.
A failed Carson City Council candidate drew the attention of federal law enforcement when he called for the assassination of President Obama, whom he described on Facebook with a racial epithet.
Jules Manson, who ran for office on a Libertarian platform in the Carson race in March, called Obama a "monkey" in an online screed on the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act. The act has raised the ire of activists because it permits indefinite detention without trial for some terrorism suspects.
In a comment on the Facebook post, Manson added: "Assassinate the [president] and his monkey children." He used an obscenity followed by a racial epithet to describe the president. The post had been removed from Manson's Facebook page Tuesday, but the blog Your Black Politics captured and posted a screenshot of it, including the coarse language.
UPDATED: September 14, 2017 at 11:40 a.m.
Sean Spicer, the former White House Press Secretary, will join the Institute of Politics this year as a visiting fellow, the IOP announced Wednesday.
During his six-month tenure as press secretary in the Trump White House, Spicer achieved an unusual level of notoriety and fame. His often-contentious exchanges with White House reporters at press briefings were criticized and controversial, even inspiring a number of portrayals on “Saturday Night Live.” Spicer resigned from the post in July.
Chelsea E. Manning, a transgender activist and former U.S. Army intelligence analyst who was imprisoned for disclosing classified documents, will also serve as a visiting fellow this semester. Manning was released from prison in May 2017.
Robby Mook, who managed Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign, will be a visiting fellow at the IOP and a residential scholar at Kirkland House this year. Mook also leads the Digital Democracy Project at the Kennedy School, which aims to better protect the U.S. electoral system from cyberattacks.
Several gather to watch the presidential debate at the IOP.
Advertisement
Spicer, Mook, and Manning join Sylvester James Jr., the Mayor of Kansas City, Mo., as the latest additions to the IOP's roster of visiting fall fellows.
Earlier this month, the Institute announced that Corey R. Lewandowski, Trump's divisive former campaign manager, would also be joining as a visiting fellow. A prominent and early aide to Trump, Lewandowski was dismissed from the campaign after he was charged with misdemeanor battery of a reporter.
According to the press release, the Institute's Visiting Fellows program “brings distinguished veterans of public life to campus for a limited, yet comprehensive number of events.” The fellows will each host several events for students on campus throughout the fall semester.
“This expanded group of Visiting Fellows will be able to fulfill the Institute's mission of engaging students in discourse on topical issues of today,” said Emily M. Hall '18 and Jason Ge '18, co-chairs of the IOP Fellows and Study Groups Program, in a press release.
—Staff writer Luke W. Xu can be reached at luke.xu@thecrimson.com.
This article has been revised to reflect the following correction:
CORRECTION: September 14, 2017
A previous version of this article incorrectly indicated that Sylvester James Jr. was the former mayor of Kansas City, Mo. In fact, he is the current mayor.
I've been mulling over this leather belt situation..
I bought it before I became vegan and found it in the bottom of my drawer the other day.
My initial thought was, I have to throw it out. After all, one cow, or more, was skinned horrifically to produce that item – something I conveniently glossed over when I bought it many years ago.
I'm vegan now. I shouldn't own animal products, and I certainly shouldn't be wearing them.
Amidst my thoughts about the diabolical leather industry and how entirely unnecessary the pain and suffering is when we have so many alternatives, I began thinking whether or not it would be disrespectful to the animal(s) that suffered in my belt's making to just toss it in the garbage.
If all our old leather goods — mixed with plastics and toxic chemicals — end up in landfill sites, in the ocean somewhere, or in a second or third world dumping ground for western trash, would that really be a better solution?
Wouldn't this action render the animals' lives even more worthless?
And so I got to thinking that perhaps I should take care of the belt for as long as possible: to keep it, respect it and honour it as a symbol of my going vegan and of that animal's precious life.
But then I think no: because when I see people wearing fur coats, it makes me sick to my stomach. It's the same thing.
It stands to reason that any vegan or animal rights activist wearing animal-based clothing would be called out as hypocritical by both vegans and non-vegans.
So, my next though was to considere giving the belt away. I could give it to a charity shop, or someone I know who needs a belt.
But that's problematic too.
If I give someone a leather belt, does it not imply that it's okay to wear leather products?
That person might be so impressed with the belt's quality that they go out and buy more leather products!
In a way, I'd be encouraging the leather industry, wouldn't I?
So it begs the question, what should vegans do with their old leather products?
And what about silk scarves or wool jumpers, and how about creams and makeup that were probably tested on animals?
Should it all be thrown in the bin?
Should it be given to charity?
Should it be given to friends in need?
Should it be used until worn out?
Is it the case that existing leather products should still be put to good use, while at the same time campaigning against the leather industry and for production to stop?
Leather is a part of our history, and even though we want it to become a part of everyone else's' history too, millions of leather goods will last decades beyond this post I'm writing now.
Does it further insult the animals by tossing their skin into the bin?
Should we honour their memory by using the products until they are no longer usable?
Should we let these products be a reminder of why we need to stop this antiquated, horrific trade?
I am eliminating leather goods from my life, and indeed silk, wool products too. I am also replacing all my toiletries with cruelty-free brands. But it doesn't happen overnight. It is a transition that takes time, and longer for some than others.
One thing is for sure: If we do decide to give a leather product away, we need to make damn sure we educate the person we are giving it to on the horrors of the leather industry.
Otherwise it acts as an indirect endorsement; “I don't want this, but hey, you can have it!”
It shouldn't be a happy, “present-like” interaction.
The giving should be accompanied by showing the person videos of the horrific suffering the leather industry causes, and we should explain exactly why we have stopped buying leather and why they should too.
Perhaps old leather goods don't need to be wasted lives. Perhaps they can serve as educational tools and stark daily reminders of why animals are not for us to wear or exploit in any way.
What do you think?
Wednesday's sweeping arrests were the latest in a broad campaign against alleged Gulenists in Turkey. Around 50,000 people have been arrested since the coup attempt for having links with the movement.
Human rights group says many of those arrested had nothing to do with the coup and only tangential links to Gulenism.
Turkey refers to Gulenists as “secret imams” and says that they had taken up positions inside the police, military and judiciary and were waiting for orders from Mr Gulen to overthrow the government.
Wednesday's operation was aimed at Gulenists who had infiltrated the police, according to Suleyman Soylu, the interior minister. “1,009 secret imams have been detained so far in 72 provinces, and the operation is ongoing,” he said. “This is an important step for the Republic of Turkey.”
The government said that 8,500 police were taking part in the mass raids across all 81 of Turkey's provinces.
How real is the upshot for virtual reality and augmented reality to disrupt the AEC sector? Real enough for Minneapolis-based Mortenson to create an entire reality capture division. Led by Ricardo Khan, the company's senior director of project solutions, the Integrated Delivery Advancement Team comprises more than 60 Mortenson employees to provide company-wide leadership and guidance in the applied use of virtual design and construction systems, tools and processes.
“It is in our culture to be a change leader,” said Khan of the leap forward into integrating VR and AR into the company's internal processes and external collaborations with stakeholders. “We see huge opportunities for VR to improve design-phase outcomes, and we are looking at AR to truly revolutionize how field teams leverage information and contextual knowledge to make the best informed decisions to build safer and with high quality.”
Already seeing success among architects for achieving stakeholder buy-in at the design stage, VR adoption is poised to expand across AEC sectors as advancements in graphic card and hardware technology enable a near seamless VR integration with BIM systems. By layering virtual elements into real-world views of job sites, AR is providing safety, training and real-time installation guidance to jobsite crews. While VR provides a completely immersive, artificial digital environment, AR layers virtual components into a real-time view accessible through a smartphone, tablet, heads up display (HuD) or other interface. Proponents of the technologies say they're nothing short of revolutionary, and are already redefining traditional design/build processes by enabling greater collaboration and eliminating costs across the construction lifecycle.
From video games to construction
The most substantial impact virtual reality has had thus far within the construction sector has been in the democratization of the design process. VR adopters and system developers herald the technology for its ability to allow non-design professionals and stakeholders to conceptualize and provide critical feedback. Dubbed immersive review, placing stakeholders within a VR environment eliminates the need for them to understand and translate dense two-dimensional blueprints or static renderings.
"VR is ... the best tool the design side has gotten its hands on in decades."
auto image + link
“Being able to explore more options at the outset is huge,” said George Valdes, vice president of product at Long Island City, NY–based IrisVR, a virtual reality technology developer for the gaming industry that is expanding into the construction vertical. “Getting into an immersive environment and away from a 2-D blueprint world that only architects understand provides much more design and construction planning flexibility, and being able to show changes and adjustments on the fly in real time has impact. It will change the way people think.”
The gaming-to-AEC connection in VR system development is shared by Mill Valley, CA–based software developer Autodesk, which this week opened to public beta an instant VR mode within its Autodesk Live platform. The company's Stingray design engine used extensively in gaming and for blockbuster movies is being leveraged for VR development in AEC applications, particularly in the design phase where visuals are critically important to decision-making.
“We hear almost unanimously that VR is a much more natural way of reviewing design, that it's the best tool the design side has gotten its hands on in decades,” said Autodesk senior product line manager Nicolas Fonta. “We're attempting to let users just click on the VR button and the VR experience starts, not just with small models but with big hospital and stadium projects. Quality and performance improvements over time will make this a new way to think about interacting with design.”
Virtual review, real world savings
Mortenson's experience using VR as an immersive review tool bares out system vendors' predictions. Like most AEC firms, the company has been constantly challenged by decisions being made too late in the design process that lead to problems in construction and client dissatisfaction. As part of the construction of Penn State University's Pegula Ice Arena, the Mortenson IDAT team brought arena maintenance staff into a 10-foot-by-10-foot Computer Augmented Virtual Environment to simulate a day in the life at the new arena and get their advice on ways to design the space to best serve day-to-day needs.
“Whether in health care or sports or other verticals, that kind of direct feedback to the construction process is something maintenance professionals and facilities managers and the people who are working in the buildings have never had,” said Taylor Cupp, a senior integrated construction coordinator for Mortenson.
In the medical field, Mortenson's use of VR has allowed nurse practitioners to provide feedback on better locations for wall-installed equipment, saving the company thousands of dollars in change orders for relocating the equipment and the infrastructure behind the wall to support it. At the Pegula arena, maintenance staff were likewise able to identify the proper height of protective glass surrounding the arena and the location of engineering valves to maintain the ice surface. “It allows us in turn to optimize construction," Cupp said. "We can pre-fab, we can modulate, we can deliver a high-quality product cheaper and faster. It is really changing the way we work.”
It's also making an impact on Mortenson's bottom line. Use of VR and immersive review at the Penn State arena resulted in $475,000 in direct savings, Khan said. At Kansas State University, a VR review of field-level and locker room construction garnered $375,000 in budget savings, and at the Sanford Fargo Medical Center, in Fargo, ND, immersive review prevented over $675,000 worth of change-order rework and medical device relocation. The company's largest VR coup to date has been $1.7 million in cost avoidance at the Atlanta Braves' SunTrust Park.
AR and the smart jobsite
In addition to leveraging video game system engines to optimize the construction VR experience, software developers like Autodesk and IrisVR are also probing mobile capabilities and advances in hardware to make the viewing experience of VR environments less bulky and less dependent on the environment in which the user is standing when they use the VR tool. To that end, augmented reality via smart glasses or a HuD display could stand to impact jobs once construction begins.
“The primary difference now is that VR is a completely immersive environment while AR allows the layering of digital elements to a real-world view,” said Jean-Francois Chianetta, co-founder and CEO of Augment, a downloadable app interface for iOS and Android operating systems that allows users to create custom AR platforms. “Where things can get fuzzy in construction is when we're layering so many virtual elements into AR that we begin to ebb back into a completely immersive environment,” he said. In short, the more virtual components added to an AR interface, the closer it gets to resembling a VR environment. The technologies are similar, and they are likely to continue to overlap as they each evolve.
"The most important thing for the industry to realize with VR and AR is that the technologies are here."
auto image + link
Indeed, AR proof of concept videos developed by the Mortenson IDAT team visualize a jobsite environment where workers, equipment and infrastructure are connected in a web-enabled environment that provides incredible detail on productivity, construction status and timelines, regardless of whether a worker is up-to-date on safety training or if they're certified for a particular job function.
“We are trying to set the vision of what AR can do for construction with the shortage of knowledge workers in the field,” Khan said. “With the use of a HuD [display], AR can deliver just-in-time knowledge, whether it is a work instruction, a projection of an installation layout onto a concrete slab or any kind of eye-in-the-sky oversight on the job.”
As AR applications develop further, AEC professionals can also expect a swing back toward remote immersive environments, even as those environments provide a real-time, real-world view of a job site. Valdes said prototype systems allowing for remote virtual maintenance and remote virtual inspection are already under development, and could be only a year or two away based on the current pace of advancements in data management capabilities.
“The most important thing for the construction industry to realize with VR and AR is that the technologies are here,” Chianetta said. “They're here and available and ready to use today.”
Back in January, General Motors finally lifted the covers on the most-anticipated American car debut in the past few years, the 2014 Corvette C7. This radically-redesigned Corvette has been, for the most part, well received by both the public and car publications. One area that has drawn some criticism, though, is the squared-off tail light treatment, which ditches the traditional round lights that Corvette fans have held on to for decades.
The 2014 Camaro also got new tail lights, differentiating them even more so from the Corvette by going with one solid lamp piece. Over on Camaro5, forum member Brunogadget crossed the Corvette C7's backend with the 2014 Camaro, coming up with this unique rendering. We dig it, and wouldn't be surprised if in a few months Camaro-to-Corvette backend conversion kits hit the market.
The 2014 Camaro refresh was fairly mild, all told, though the biggest difference was to the back end. There, the quad-tail lights merged into just two large tail lamps, not unlike the classic Camaros of yesteryear. The change to the Corvette's tail lights, though, was a bit more shocking to Corvette enthusiasts, who had not expected GM to change one of the most distinguishing features of previous Corvettes.
So why not combine the square taillights of the C7 Corvette with the new Camaro? That and the Corvette's rear diffuser, applied to the Camaro, equals one sexy back end. Who knows? Maybe GM will see this rendering and decide “Hey, that's not a bad idea” and build a (new) LT1-powered Camaro with those Corvette tail lights. We wouldn't be opposed to the idea, that's for sure.
STEELE: Look, I like the president personally, even though I think he has got a little thing about me, that I haven't quite figured out what that is.
CNN: You haven't spoken to him?
STEELE: No.
CNN: You've reach out?
STEELE: Several times, and I'm done.
CNN: So there is no bipartisanship going on there?
STEELE: Not, not that I know of.
CNN: Is there any professional jealousy?
STEELE: Not on my part. What would I be jealous of?
CNN: He's the president of the United States.
STEELE: I'm chairman of the RNC, so, what's your point? We both have leadership responsibilities and roles. I'm not equating the two. My point is: you are on your track. I'm on my track. You do your thing. I do my thing.
Notes:
The Novikov Self-Consistency Principle: wiki/Novikov_self-consistency_principle : is a model of time travel that assumes that time travel never generates paradoxes.
What you did in the past already happened.
This story explores usages of an unrestricted form of this model of time travel. It starts with the simple stuff and gets more complex towards the end. A number of techniques rely on the absolute requirement that paradoxes are impossible.
The late morning was quiet. A short line of people were queuing up in front of the teller at the bank, waiting for their turn. Outside, the lunch crowd was just starting to file into the street. None noticed Anne appear silently out of thin air in one corner, next to herself sitting in a seat with a laptop balanced in her lap. She quickly walked out of the bank branch and the curious little girl, whose boredom was suddenly replaced with confusion, approached the Anne sitting in the corner.
Anne looked up from her laptop as the kindergarten age girl tugged on the sleeve of her high school uniform. Anne smiled and bent down to listen. "Yes?"
"Don't you have to go to school?" the girl asked.
Anne winced internally. This little kid... "Yes, I do. I am in school," she replied, careful to keep her irritation out of her voice. Let her chew on that!
The girl looked bemused. Anne hadn't actually lied, however. She was still attending class. She glanced down at her watch. It was almost time.
Looking quickly around the bank branch, confirming that no one was watching, she leaned down to whisper conspiratorially, "When it starts, stay with your mother. "
The kid wandered back to her mother in the line with some awkward questions, and when the robbers came running into the bank branch, waving guns around, she quickly forgot about Anne. The police turned up less than a minute later. The totally surprised robbers hadn't gotten further than announcing that they were taking everyone hostage when they were rudely brought to ground.
Anne got up, closing her laptop. She took a step forward, gave a parting wink to the girl and simply vanished into thin air as silently as she appeared.
It was only later, in the after action report, that the police realized they had received a call for help at the branch nearly ten minutes before the robbery actually started.
Anne twirled her pen, listening to the math teacher with half an ear. The police sirens sounded outside and the one single gunshot went completely unnoticed by the class. While she would be on her way back from the bank now, Anne was also currently stuck in class.
Math was just a little boring after that particular adventure. Far too many people fell victim to the temptation to use their powers for crime and the police were only just starting to adjust their tactics to the upsurge.
The existence of superpowers was only just starting to come into view. The first person with them had appeared only a few years ago, and since their discovery, more and more people had come forward with sudden new powers that demonstrated little pattern in how they worked or their strength. The superpowers had resisted scientific explanations so far but there were many theories.
Of course, one of the more prominent people with superpowers, a telekineticist by the name of Joey, was actually serving as an advisor to the city governing board and assisting the police with more difficult cases, when he wasn't helping research into superpowers. Anne had thought that Joey was a bit crazy to spend his time fighting crime, in a manner of speaking. But she had to admit, as the police van carrying the thieves drove past the school, that doing precisely the thing she thought was crazy could be pretty fun. All the excitement, and none of the risk. After all, with time travel, what risk could there be?
The teacher started explaining the use of a new kind of graph and Anne closed her textbook. She could just teach herself later if she needed to learn it. Not like getting full marks on any exam, even a surprise test, would be all that difficult.
She looked down at the pad of paper in front of her that she was supposed to fill with notes. Hmm, I wonder how far I'd have to jump if I wanted to bring back the marked test paper. If they had a test tomorrow, even with all the questions and answers, she'd need at least one night to study. And give the teacher three days or so to mark and return it. That would mean that she'd get a visit from herself from four to six days in the future, taking into account the weekend.
Anne didn't even know if she could jump that far. Besides, even if she could, memorizing an entire test worth of answers would be about the same effort as actually studying for it. Especially since her future self could always teach her and would understand exactly how do so.
After all, that was how she learnt to time travel just this morning.
The immediacy of social media allows musicians to reveal behind the scenes information about what they are working on without having to wait for a magazine to be published or an interview to be transcribed. That's exactly what Devin Townsend did on Twitter yesterday (Dec. 30), updating the progress of new material.
'Ziltoid the Omniscient' was released in 2007. It was a concept album about an alien named Ziltoid that travels to earth in search of the ultimate cup of coffee. It was a solo effort, and Townsend has revealed on Twitter that he is working on a sequel to the album.
"I began writing for 'Z2' about 6 months ago," Townsend tweeted. "Between all the ideas, there's close to 70 songs. Some are really good, but none are 'it'. How do you not repeat yourself? How do you avoid being a caricature? How do I incorporate Ziltoid with what we've done and not just be silly."
In another tweet, Townsend revealed how far along he is on the project: "I'm proud to say that the ideas that are coming now are beginning to take the shape. The theme. It's so exciting. We start recording in May."
2013 saw the release of Towsend's ' The Retinal Circus ' live CD/DVD. Before 'Z2' sees the light of day, Townsend plans on releasing the album 'Casualties of Cool' next year. He tweeted details about that as well: "'Casualties Of Cool' gets released in May by the way... It's a bridge to the Z2 phase, really important one to me."
Click here for these and several other tweets from Townsend.
The Blackberry sign is pictured in Waterloo June 19, 2014. REUTERS/Mark Blinch
TORONTO (Reuters) - BlackBerry Ltd said on Wednesday that it is working with Google Inc to enable its software to manage and secure some of Google's Android devices, a move that builds on BlackBerry's recent partnership with Samsung Electronics Co.
In November, BlackBerry announced partnerships with Samsung and other high-profile technology industry players, broadening the reach of its revamped mobile-device management and security platform.
BlackBerry said it is offering a “highly secure mobility solution” for Samsung's Android devices. The new system weds BlackBerry's security platform with the South Korean company's own security software for its line-up of Galaxy devices that are powered by Google's Android operating system.
On Wednesday, BlackBerry outlined a similar tie-up directly with Google, to manage devices equipped with Android for Work - Google's own solution to securely separate business and personal data and applications.
BlackBerry shares rose 4.3 percent to $10.71 on the Nasdaq following the announcement.
The University of Minnesota's Board of Regents and President Eric Kaler announced Wednesday, November 18 that the university will move forward with a plan to have a moment of recognition for victims of 9/11 in future years.
The statement came just one week after a week of national news coverage following the university's student government, the Minnesota Student Association (MSA,) rejecting a resolution calling for the moment of recognition.After the first report by The Minnesota Republic, the story gained national attention, including coverage on Fox News, The Washington Post, and Townhall.
“Honoring those who died in 9/11 and respecting our Muslim community on campus are not mutually exclusive.”
The number one drive of this national coverage was the reason that one MSA representative gave for his opposition to the moment of recognition. David Algadi–an at-large representative and the Director of Diversity and Inclusion for MSA–stated that he believed the moment of recognition could make spaces on campus unsafe for students and potentially increase Islamophobia.
The resolution's rejection triggered a large backlash across social media. Such reactions included:
Dear @UMNews This makes me ashamed to live in #MN UMN student govt: 9/11 remembrance would violate our safe space https://t.co/KuOkAiFQ8q — Chic (@Nayrue) November 15, 2015
The irony of ironies... The MSA at UMN blocked a 9/11 memorial for 2016 due to Islamophobia. If anything, this has increased due to vote. — Yakutiel (@uhmeracha) November 14, 2015
MSA issued its own statement, in which it said that many of the representatives who voted against the resolution did so because they felt that the proposal lacked enough logistical explanation to move forward.
In the official statement made by Kaler and the Board of Regents, the university acknowledges MSA's concerns and former plans to revisit the issue, but says that the administration will go through with the plan without a specific reason.
“Honoring those who died in 9/11 and respecting our Muslim community on campus are not mutually exclusive,” said Kaler in statement.
“I am very happy that our end goal has been achieved,” said Theo Menon, the College Republicans representative to MSA, “(But) I think that it is unfortunate that many members of the MSA will not get the opportunity to look at this again and have another say.”
Neither MSA President Joelle Stangler nor Speaker of the Forum Will Dammann responded for comment prior to this story's publication.
Follow The Minnesota Republic on Twitter: @MinnRepublic
This article wasoriginally publishedin The Minnesota Republic, a conservative student newspaper affiliated with the Leadership Institute's Campus Leadership Program. Its articles are republished here with permission.
House leaders sent a letter to fellow lawmakers Friday saying they strenuously oppose handing amnesty to telecom companies that helped the government's secret, warrantless wiretapping program, even as the Senate is set to approve such a provision early next week.
Perhaps in response to that letter, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nevada) filed a bill Friday that would give the two houses another 15 days to iron out a compromise without passing the expiration date on the extensive wiretapping powers handed to the Administration this summer.
This summer's temporary legislation, known as the RESTORE Act, largely legalized the Administration's warrantless wiretapping program that used American phone and internet infrastructure to target American and foreigners alike.
Now the Senate is set to extend those powers for another four to six years and hand retroactive immunity to the spying telecoms. The House version – known as the Protect America Act – scales back some of the domestic wiretapping powers handed over this summer and doesn't include immunity.
President Bush has said he will veto any bill that doesn't include immunity, but that could be politically pricey, if he is forced to veto a bill that expands traditional wiretapping authority.
House Energy Chairman John Dingel (D-California Michigan) along with Reps. Edward Markey (D-Massachusetts) and Bart Stupak(D-Michigan) sent their "Dear Colleague" letter (.pdf) to fellow representatives Friday urging them to separate the wiretapping powers issue from the immunity issue.
It is beyond dispute that the Government must be able to protect its citizens from terrorist threats. But before Congress should consider the extraordinary notion of telling a Federal judge to dismiss a lawsuit pending before him, Congress has a duty to find out what happened and develop an adequate legislative record to justify such unusual interference with the normal practice of a co-equal branch of
Government —the Judiciary [...] We believe serious and substantial questions concerning the past conduct of the present Administration and of the phone companies must be answered before Congress begins to consider providing immunity.
Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney Kevin Bankston applauded those sentiments in an EFF press release.
"Senators about to vote on immunity should heed the Chairmen's warning: tying the question of telecom immunity to that of FISA reform is unnecessary and dangerous," Bankston said "But if the Senate complies with the Administration's pleas to cover up its illegal spying and bail out the phone companies, then it's time for the House to step up and block immunity for lawbreaking telecom giants."
The EFF's case against AT&T for allegedly helping the NSA
wiretap the internet in a switching center in San Francisco is the lead case against the telecoms. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is currently considering whether to overrule a decision that has allowed the case to proceed despite the government's contention that the case will expose state secrets.
Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) on Thursday suggested that former FBI Director James Comey might not be able to testify before Congress now that the Department of Justice has appointed a special counsel to investigate matters related to Russian interference in the election.
“I'm not so sure we can do it now,” he said Thursday, according to Politico.
“You've got a special counsel who has prosecutorial powers now, and I think we in Congress have to be very careful not to interfere.”
Members of Congress had been clamoring to hear from Comey since President Trump's abrupt firing of him last week. Since the firing, media reports have stated that Trump asked Comey to end the FBI's investigation of Michael Flynn, his former national security adviser.
Comey reportedly has memos about his conversations with Trump.
But the matter of Comey's firing is now being wrapped into the new investigation being headed by special counsel Robert Mueller — himself a former FBI director.
ADVERTISEMENT
Graham said the appointment of a special counsel may result in less public information being made available about Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential race.
“Public access to this is probably going to be very limited now. It's going to really limit what the public will know about this.”
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on Wednesday announced Mueller's appointment Wednesday evening.
“My decision is not a finding that crimes have been committed or that any prosecution is warranted,” he said in a statement. “I have made no such determination.”
“What I have determined is that based upon the unique circumstances, the public interest requires me to place this investigation under the authority of a person who exercises a degree of independence from the normal chain of command.
Breitbart News today denied reports that it instructed employees to stop publishing stories critical of White House senior advisor, and Trump son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
The denial comes after Business Insider's report yesterday that, according to two sources, Breitbart senior editors told writers to lay off Kushner.
Breitbart News' Washington editor, Matt Boyle, disputed Business Insider's story, telling Axios, “This is 100% fake news.” Boyle went on to say the report “demeans the character and quality of Business Insider,” and claim that Business Insider “made no effort to verify [the report's] authenticity before printing the fake news.”
Business Insider reporter Oliver Darcy, who published the story, fired back, tweeting a photo of the email he sent to Breitbart requesting comment prior to publication. He also noted, “[For what it's worth] anyone can search their website and see the Kushner hit pieces have been halted in recent days.”
(also, fwiw, anyone can search their website and see the kushner hit pieces have been halted in recent days) — Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) April 10, 2017
Indeed, the last Breitbart piece critical of Kushner was published last Friday, with the headline, “NYT: Jared Kushner Omitted Meeting With Foreign Officials On Security Clearance Forms.”
Breitbart insists that it will continue to cover Kushner fairly. “[T]hat doesn't mean negative stories or positive stories – it means he's a key part of the story of understanding President Trump and we aren't going to ignore that for any reason whatsoever," Boyle told Axios.
Business Insider's report comes amid an increasingly bitter and public feud between Stephen Bannon, former executive chairman of Breitbart, and Jared Kushner. Last Thursday, Trump admonished his two top aides –Bannon and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus – for the ongoing feud. “Work this out,” Trump instructed.
The New York Times also reported last week that Kushner's allies have discussed Breitbart's “increasingly unflattering” coverage of Kushner with President Trump. Indeed, Breitbart News prominently featured stories highly critical of Kushner on its homepage as recently as last Wednesday.
Trump is reported considering yet another staff shakeup, and a diminished role for Steve Bannon “who has become increasingly isolated in the White House.”
On MSNBC today, Joe Scarborough discussed the Business Insider scoop and said that three high-level administration officials say Bannon “just snapped” when he ignited a feud with Jared Kushner. Reporter Jeremy Peters of The New York Times also told MSNBC that there has been a détente between Kushner and Bannon in recent days, as Bannon strives to come out of the wilderness.
As of now, Business Insider is standing by their story despite Breitbart's denial. Indeed, reporter Oliver Darcy announced today that he will be moving on to a more prominent position, joining CNN as a senior media writer.
ALBANY — The city of Albany is preparing for the annual National Night Out to be held the evening of Aug. 1 from 6 to 8 p.m.
Thirty-five blocks will be closed off around town. Tables will be set up with food and beverages, basketball hoops will be moved to the middle of the street, kids will race down the block on their bicycles and police officers, along with other city officials and employees, will come by, dropping off Domino's pizzas.
“Our goal every year is to sign up 35 blocks and we have met that goal,” said Sgt. Dave Belman of the Albany Police Department. He said 1,062 adults and 538 children have registered for the event.
“We try not to go over 35 because with our small agency size that's about as many blocks as we can accommodate,” Belman said.
National Night Out is a nationwide program where police and other local city agencies and employees as well as elected officials participate in “block parties” around town. It originated on the East Coast in 1984 in response to then rising crime rates as a way to connect police to their communities.
The event has encouraged a form of “community policing,” a crime-fighting strategy that attempts to get patrol officers out of their cars and have them get to know their constituents.
Albany has been participating since 2009.
“It's great going to different blocks and meeting different people that you talk to either by email or the phone and you meet them for the first time,” Belman said.
Registration for this year's event is now closed. Police will close off participating blocks to cars. Fire trucks will park on some blocks giving children and adults a chance to check them out. Teams of police officers along with elected officials and city employees will drop by for 10 to 15 minutes. McGruff the Crime Dog is scheduled to appear as well.
“He's still around and he still looks good,” Belman said.
Block parties are encouraged to be creative. Dad bands have been known to set up in front of the family garage and play for the neighborhood.
Other local sponsors are Target and Sprouts Farmers Market. Teams will bring goody bags to the blocks as well as pizza.
“It's where the small town citizens get to come out and paint the town safe,” Belman said.
The City of Calgary has closed a bike path in McKenzie Lake after it slid down an embankment.
According to Sean Somers with the City of Calgary's Transportation Department, the path behind Mount Alberta View has been problematic for over a year, slowly lifting and eroding.
However, the excessive rain this summer seems to have compounded the issue.
READ MORE : Calgary has already exceeded annual rainfall total
The pathway now sits at least two or three metres lower than it did just a few weeks ago.
Residents are holding a closed meeting with the city Monday night to discuss plans for the rehabilitation of the path and to prevent further erosion to the slope above where some houses sit.
Somers told Global News he expects work will begin in the area in the next couple of weeks.
(Newser) – A boy's visit to a local garage sale has nearly brought back a lost family member from the dead, the Wichita Eagle reports. Addison Logan went garage-sale shopping last week because he'd broken his arm and couldn't ride his dirt bike as usual. He picked up a "pretty cool" Polaroid camera for $1, brought it home, and pulled out the cartridge. Inside was a photo that he showed to grandma: of her then-teenaged son, Scott, with his girlfriend—about 10 years before he died in a car accident.
“The more time that passes, the more in disbelief I am," said Scott's brother, Blake Logan. "It just seems supernatural.” Coincidences did pile up for this to happen: After all, the Logans don't know the people who sold the camera, who have no direct link to Scott or his old girlfriend. And the family's current neighborhood didn't even exist in those days. "Is that miraculous, or what?” said Jeff, Scott's eldest brother. "When you get something like that, that's almost like a sign telling us, ‘Hey, everything's all right, I'm still here.'" (Read more Polaroid stories.)
Do-it-all Wide Receivers are the new golden calf of the fantasy football world, especially in Dynasty formats. The creme de la creme players at this position are not going anywhere and risk a smaller amount of injury, due to fairly recent NFL rules. These days, the league is favoring big passing numbers and has protected them via rules and marketing.(Who's Megatron? Your grandma might know.)
The 2014 season should see 3-4 Wideouts be drafted in the first round and maybe 5-6 in Dynasty startups. This is quite a trend when looking at the perhaps one who was drafted first round in 2009 leagues. The game is changing and WRs are the cornerstone of both fantasy and reality.
Taking a look at this year's schedule, we'll see a fairly back-heavy array of ‘must see' games. As far as what I call premium wideouts, look no further than seeing Julio Jones and the Falcons re-establish themselves versus AJ Green and the Cincinnati Bengals in week two. Not precisely what most of the public will be watching for, but as a fantasy owner with either of those blue chip players on your roster, you will be glued to the stat line and/or every play on both sides of the ball.
A fantasy owner's duties include drafting a roster and submitting a lineup on a weekly basis. Understanding that there are players that will rotate depending on matchups and players that one can not take out, regardless of prior performance or trend. The latter in the WR category include: (In redraft value order) Detroit's Calvin ‘Megatron' Johnson, Denver's Demaryius Thomas, the aforementioned Green, Dallas' Dez Bryant, the Bears' duo of Brandon Marshall and Alshon Jeffery, and Atlanta's Jones. Looking at their strength of schedule alone, you will find that out of the players listed, AJ Green and Cincinnati had the easiest at 23 and Denver's Thomas had the second hardest overall.
Julio Jones will undoubtedly be the ace receiver in Atlanta after seeing how the passing game withered and died without him. His broken foot in week five unfortunately WAS the Falcons' season. After having 100 yard games in three of his five weeks, he was lost and was shown to be irreplaceable. If Jones is healthy (no concerns otherwise), he should have no reason why he can't return to his 2012 form (79 rec/1198 yds/10 tds). Tony Gonzalez's retirement means even more targets will be distributed between himself, Roddy White and Harry Douglas.
***ATL*** 1.NO 2.@CIN 3.TB 4.@MIN 5.@NYG Jones' 2014 starts off stiff against three of the top ten pass defenses in his first five games. Julio tends to elevate his game in primetime games, but getting nailed with the likes of the Saints, Vikings and the Giants' vaunted secondaries will show a lot about how JJ will fair the rest of the season. If his numbers are fantasy relevant by the end of the first five games, look for Jones to be in running for the top WRs by week 11 when the schedule gets rough for Atlanta's receiving corps again. ***ATL*** 6.CHI 7.@BAL 8. DET 9.BYE 10.@TB
Smooth sailing expected for Jones and company in the Falcons' receiving corps. Detroit at home will yield BIG numbers. Chicago's gambling habits in week six should produce some opportunities at enormous yardage plays. The Bears make plays, but they get exposed when Tillman and company get frisky with QB rushes and baiting interceptions. Look for Ryan to be sharp and sling during this stretch.
***ATL*** 11.@CAR 12.CLE 13.ARI 14.@GB 15.PIT 16.@NO 17.CAR The Falcons' week nine bye will come just in time to recoup their legs and expand playbooks for the likes of the Panthers on the road and the Browns back at home for week 12. Both deal with extremely talented secondaries and will likely pit Jones against the likes of Antoine Cason and All-world Joe Haden. These games might not be as tough as advertised coming off their bye week so soon when Cleveland has an early bye and Carolina gets their off week after their tilt with the Falcons. Both defenses could be banged up and/or looking for answers against a streaking Matt Ryan and what can be a great passing game. A couple easy weeks against Arizona and Green Bay before ramping up for an incredibly tough last three weeks against some top-tier secondaries. Jones' telling game will be how exposed he can make either Keenan Lewis or Champ Bailey look from one snap to the next.
Overall, it's a pretty tough secondary schedule for Jones and the Falcons. That's what happens when you deal with the Panthers and Saints twice a year, respectively. We'll see if the Saints defensive backfield will rotate and give Bailey the rest he needs. Jones should be around a top ten producer at WR, regardless, the middle of his schedule and how nuts he can produce will be the meat of his numbers.This schedule will do him no favors.
2014 Julio Jones prediction: 75 Rec. 1055 Yds. 8 Tds.
Jay Cutler has two of the best wideouts in the game now. Brandon Marshall, his favorite will get the ball when Cutler is healthy and in the game. Alshon Jeffery, mirrors Marshall as a freak athlete, is an inch shorter, 15 lbs. lighter and six years younger. If you thought Marshall was dangerous before, think again. The concept of double-teaming either is out the window after Marshall went for 1295 and 12 TDs while Jeffery banged out the yardage at 1421 and 7 Tds.
***CHI*** 1.BUF 2.@SF 3.@NYJ 4.GB 5.@CAR
The Bears start out against some incredibly stiff secondaries with Buffalo at home, San Francisco and Carolina on the road. Getting through this opening stretch with their continued confidence from ‘13 will be tough for Marshall and Jeffery garnering coverage from the likes of stellar sophomore Stephon Gilmore, Leodis McKelvin, Chris Culliver and Antoine Cason. Remember that these corners are backed by excellent safeties and incredibly mobile outside linebackers. The sum of the whole be on point against the Bears after last years' outrageous numbers.
***CHI*** 6.@ATL 7.MIA 8.@NE 9.BYE 10.@GB 11.MIN 12.TB 13.@DET 14.DAL 15.NO 16.DET 17.@MIN
Cutler, Jeffery and Marshall will have another stat-fest in 2014. There are no hardcore stopping secondaries to put a halt to their party on their path to more Pro Bowls this year. Past week five, the Bears play one top ten secondary and six of the worst secondaries in the NFL including dismal Vikings twice.
After taking a closer look at the Bears schedule, you are going to want to scoop Cutler, Marshall and Jeffery at a premium. This offense under Marc Trestman is geared to absolutely explode again this year.
2014 Brandon Marshall prediction: 105 Rec. 1375 Yds. 11 TDs.
2014 Alshon Jeffery prediction: 85 Rec. 1350 Yds. 8 TDs.
Cincinnati's AJ Green has become for many, the best fantasy option outside of Megatron. He has 195 catches, 1350 yards and 22 TDs over the past two seasons. While he is great enough to free up players like Marvin Jones and Mohamed Sanu, Green's production could possibly drop due to a renewed regime interest in Giovani Bernard and the running game. New OC Hue Jackson loves the run, but should fully utilize Green in the redzone.
***CIN*** 1.@BAL 2.ATL 3.TEN 4.BYE 5.@NE 6.CAR 7.@IND 8.BAL 9.JAX
Green's secondary schedule is back loaded with talent and coaching prowess, leaving a weak and explicit opportunity for Andy Dalton and the Bengals passing game to flourish until their week ten matchups against Cleveland. Green's lone test should come against Carolina with Cason and their elite safeties in Roman Harper, Thomas DeCoud and Charles Godfrey. Otherwise Green, Jones and Sanu should have outrageous value by mid-season.
***CIN*** 10.CLE 11.@NO 12.@HOU 13.@TB 14.PIT 15.@CLE 16.DEN 17.@PIT
The end of Cincinnati reads like a meat grinder for their passing game. Look for Jackson and the offense to gear up the run game and hammer away, staying away from the six of eight opponents that were ranked in the top ten best pass defenses.Johnathan Jackson and Kareem Jackson will be especially challenging on the road in Houston as well as two battles with CB Ike Jackson and those nasty Pittsburgh safeties.
Trading Green by week ten is not a bad play, by then his best ‘14 fantasy days should be behind him. He will continue to get targets, mostly redzone, but nothing like the offensive explosion we'll witness in the first half. This season will be defined by what he can find through the latter end of the schedule.
2014 AJ Green prediction: 91 Rec. 1255 Rec Yds. 11 TDs.
Dez Bryant's new found maturity will be tested, he is now the veteran ace wideout on these Cowboys receiving staff. Obviously one of the most talented pass catchers in the NFL, Bryant has found a way to convey that to actual stats. The only way the Cowboys make the playoffs is if Romo can make the most of Bryant's talents and Terrence Williams can contribute enough to take enough pressure off their ace WR and Pro Bowl Tight End Jason Witten. DeMarco Murray will find a way into the reception category, but the receivers will make this team. 2014 is the year we find out how good Dez really is.
***DAL*** 1.SF 2.@TEN 3.@STL 4.NO 5.HOU 6.@SEA 7.NYG
Dallas' passing game will truly be tested by the majority of their first seven games. Facing the three best passing defenses from 2013 will take center stage in planning playbooks for Jason Garrett and Tony Romo. Dez Bryant will most certainly be facing a hearty rotation against the Niners at home before some fair tests on the road at Tennessee and St. Louis. The string of New Orleans, Houston, Seattle's Richard Sherman and the Giants will be one of the longest streaks against top rated pass defenses any team faces all year.
***DAL*** 8.WAS 9.ARI 10.@JAX 11.BYE 12.@NYG 13.PHI 14.@CHI 15.@PHI 16.IND 17.@WAS
The Cowboys should be able to pick up a bit of steam on the passing side of the ball before finding the bye. If Bryant and Williams haven't lost their swagger by then, look out. The Giants are pretty much the only real legitimate pass defense threat they have on their way to some outstanding pass numbers. Chicago's Peanut Tillman should put up a fight, but Bryant should find plenty of redzone targets, picking on Chicago's LB corps on his way to lighting up the second half.
2014 Dez Bryant prediction: 96 Rec. 1350 Rec. Yds. 11 TDs.
Peyton Manning's focal point, Demaryius Thomas, is the hardest working premium wideout in the game. Last year Thomas caught a career high 14 touchdowns and should have no problem duplicating that in 2014.
***DEN*** 1.IND 2.KC 3.@SEA 4.BYE 5.ARI 6.@NYJ 7.SF 8.SD
At a distance, the Broncos schedule looks incredibly tough (No.2) overall. In reality, this is a team that is based around Peyton Manning and passing the football. The entire season sends only four top ten pass defenses at Manning, Thomas, Welker and company. The first half includes a stop in Seattle with Richard Sherman, besides that test, five of their first seven games are against the worst pass defenses. Thomas should thrive throughout, but especially in the Mile High air (6/8 are home games).
***DEN*** 9.@NE 10.@OAK 11.@STL 12.MIA 13.@KC 14.BUF 15.@SD 16.@CIN 17.OAK
Demaryius Thomas will have to hit the road the second half and face an All-Pro Leon Hall in Cincinnati and the anti-vertical rotation of Buffalo's corners and safeties. These two games might be Thomas' toughest tests all year. Kansas City knowingly has lightened the load, dropping Pro Bowler Brandon Flowers for football (cap) reasons and Oakland's DJ Hayden is solid, but doesn't match the threat that will be a top three WR in fantasy in number 88.
2014 Demaryius Thomas prediction: 98 Rec. 1475 Rec Yds. 13 TDs
Calvin ‘Megatron' Johnson is the best receiver in football, in his prime and faces a mediocre-at-best schedule in 2014. The best thing about being a Lions fan this year knows that if your best player can stay healthy and his newly added sidekick Golden Tate can deflect just enough coverage, Johnson will be able to set some records against an incredibly weak secondary lineup of opponents.
***DET*** 1.NYG 2.@CAR 3.GB 4.@NYJ 5.BUF 6.@MIN 7.NO
The Lions first seven games are a mish-mash of tough and easy secondaries. After a tough game against Carolina on the road, Green Bay at home and the Jets on the road will feel like a vacation. Buffalo's interchangeable corners and safeties will blanket Johnson and Tate before the Lions ramp up the stat machine in Minnesota against the second worst secondary from last year. After their week New Orleans and their cagey vets get out-of-town, the rest of the season is wide open for some incredible stats.
***DET*** 8.@ATL 9.BYE 10.MIA 11.@ARI 12.@NE 13.CHI 14.TB 15.MIN 16.@CHI 17.@GB
On top of their deceptively easy schedule, the Lions have the luxury of playing two of the worst secondaries in the NFL (Vikings and Green Bay), twice. Calvin Johnson should be able to put up a couple 150+ Receiving yard games and a bucket of touchdowns during the last half of the season that includes their week nine bye. Stafford to Megatron should hopefully be enough to get to the playoffs, both fantasy and reality. A record year? Only time will tell.
2014 Calvin Johnson prediction: 97 Rec. 1625 Rec Yds. 14 TDs.
Looking at the best receivers in the game, it's easy to see why their teams playbooks revolve around them and opposing teams' defensive coordinators scheme to stop them. 2014 looks to continue the trend of eye-popping numbers for the NFL's top tier of wideouts.
____________________________________________________________________________________
Major League Fantasy Football Radio starts on Sunday July 13th and will run every Sunday for the rest of the season at 11:30am – 12:30pm EST until the season is finished on Sports Palooza Radio Network.
Major League Fantasy Baseball Radio will continue every Monday from 1-2pm EST. We will wrap up the N.L. side of the amateur draft with Bryan Luhrs as well as discuss some players to sell with Bryan Robinson. Use this link for the June 23rd show.
We will be starting the baseball show a half hour early on Monday the 30th of June at 12:30pm – 1:30pm so we can accommodate a featured guest. You will want to tune in for Phil Weiss. He is a financial expert, has been on numerous TV shows, is a Major League Fantasy Baseball owner, youth baseball coach, and is a sabermetric expert.
The Amazing Meeting (TAM) conference in Las Vegas is always the center of the skeptical universe, and TAM8 was no exception. Bigger and more representative than any previous year (it was co-sponsored by all three national US skeptics groups), TAM8 was an unprecedented summit for North American skepticism.
A lot happened. For a detailed discussion of TAM8, check out my roundtable chat with Tim Farley (What's the Harm?), Blake Smith (MonsterTalk), and Derek & Swoopy on Skepticality. There's been a lot to talk about.
Most especially, people have been talking about Phil Plait's powerful talk, now known to the blogosphere as the “Don't be a dick” speech (after Wheaton's Law, an internet maxim that provided the theme of Phil's presentation). In his talk, Phil argued that skeptics who have outreach goals should get serious about communication:
In times of war, we need warriors. But this isn't a war. You might try to say it is, but it's not a war. We aren't trying to kill an enemy. We're trying to persuade other humans. And at times like that, we don't need warriors. What we need are diplomats.
You may not be surprised to hear that I loved this speech. I think it was an important moment in recent skeptical history, and it meant a lot to me personally. “Be nice to people” is a drum I've been beating for a long time. I was moved more than I could express to hear someone of Phil's stature make that case so forcefully from the big stage at skepticism's big event.
No matter how you look at it, he is of course right: there are many excellent reasons to tend toward treating people with respect and courtesy. It's morally bad to be cruel (and usually unnecessary); it's contrary to scientific and journalistic ethics (and the search for truth) to shout down legitimate alternate views; it blinds us to flaws in our own reasoning if we fail to seriously consider viewpoints we don't like. Most importantly (this was the theme of Phil's talk) science communication is more effective when it starts with warmth and respect.
Those are all excellent topics for further exploration, but my aim today is smaller. I'd like to add one more footnote to the other arguments for civility, which is this:
Many people have quite good reasons for believing in the paranormal.
Lines Through The World
Individual skeptics sometimes form an impression that paranormal beliefs are held by strange people for inexplicable reasons — but not by our kind of people. Speaking personally, I'll confess that I'm sometimes taken off guard when someone I know turns out to believe some bizarre paranormal thing, even though I know by now to expect it.
But a simple survey of our friends, family and co-workers will often put paid to the notion that paranormal belief is uncommon or unusual. Try it. Gently ask around. If you're like me, it's likely that most of the people you know accept some paranormal claim: perhaps alien visitation, or ghosts, or dowsing, or psychic powers, or some form of alternative medicine. The paranormal is everywhere: in labs, in schools, in hospitals, and at your Christmas dinner table.
Faced with the ubiquitousness of such beliefs, a few skeptics are tempted to think there must be something special about those who don't believe. That conceit hardly seems worthy of dwelling upon, and yet people have actually tried to convince me on this basis that it's not worth teaching critical thinking. “The smart people already get it,” I've been told, “and the stupid people never will. Don't waste your time.”
I suppose it's human to want to draw these lines through the world: on this side, the good smart people; on the other side, the bad dumb people. But the world is not nearly so simple.
Raising My Hand
One of the interesting things Phil Plait did during his challenging TAM8 speech was to ask the 1300 skeptics in the room this question:
How many of you here today used to believe in something — used to, past tense — whether it was flying saucers, psychic powers, religion, anything like that? You can raise your hand if you want to.
I was one of the majority of people who raised their hands. If I could have, I would have raised my hand dozens of times for all the dozens of paranormal claims I used to accept.
Does this mean that most of the people at TAM are stupid? Of course not, and I don't think anyone would make that argument. And yet, I quite often hear skeptics talk about “the woos” as though “they” (in practice, our own friends and neighbors) belong to some alien species.
The Reasonableness of Weird Things
But here's the thing: most pseudoscientific beliefs are not stupid. They're just wrong.
Consider two people, Ada and Bee. Both consider themselves critical thinkers. Both walk into a pharmacy looking for headache medication. Ada buys Tylenol, because it has been recommended by people she trusts, because she knows from experience that it works for her, and because she thinks most of alternative medicine is hogwash. By contrast, Bee buys a homeopathic remedy — because it has been recommended by people she trusts, because she knows from experience that it works for her, and because she thinks most of mainstream medicine is hogwash.
In this case, neither the “skeptical” Ada nor the “credulous” Bee has any medical training. Neither has direct knowledge of the primary medical literature about acetaminophen, nor of the primary skeptical literature on homeopathy. I submit that neither Ada nor Bee should be much applauded or scorned for their beliefs. They're both just regular folks making regular decisions based on the best information they have.
In my experience, the top reasons people believe weird things are not only understandable, but identical to the reasons most skeptics believe things: they are persuaded by personal experiences (or by the experiences of a loved one); or, they are persuaded by the sources they have consulted.
For example, I know several people who believe in ghosts for the perfectly straightforward reason that they personally saw a ghost. They're willing to consider alternate explanations, but c'mon: of course their personal ghost encounter leans heavily on the scales of evidence. Science may say it's wise for Ebenezer Scrooge to suppose Marley's specter “may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard,” but Christmas Carol audiences understand that ghost belief would be pretty reasonable under the circumstances. (And, when ghost witnesses are critical-minded enough to dig into some books or online research, the sources they find authoritatively argue that ghosts are probably real.)
This pattern comes up again and again, from the woman who shyly speaks about her alien abduction experience, to the friends who enthuse about dowsing rods, to the family members who swear by alternative medicine: “My personal experience confirms that this is true.”
Yes, reasoning from visceral experience is a recipe for false belief. Obscure research tells me that my friend is extremely unlikely to have been abducted by aliens. But she was there, and I wasn't. I don't know what she saw, not for sure — and I can't deny that her experience of seeing it could make a pretty compelling basis for personal belief.
Now, I want to be clear here: I'm not suggesting that personal experience is an adequate basis for accepting paranormal claims (it isn't) or that these claims are true (so far as science can tell, they're not). I'm saying that, given their information and tools, many paranormalists have understandable reasons for belief.
The Difference Between Believers and Skeptics?
However we label ourselves or others, we come up against the fact that people are complicated. Generalizations are doomed to inadequacy. But, I will suggest that the differences between skeptics and paranormal believers have less to do with innate credulity, and more to do with training and resources.
When I was a scruffy young boy, I found a Bigfoot footprint in the wilderness of British Columbia. Devouring every sasquatch book I could find (there were several in my elementary school library), I learned the persuasive facts that many, many people had found footprints or reported encounters with Bigfoot, and that sasquatch photographs had even been taken. Therefore, I believed in Bigfoot.
What I did not have was any understanding of how those many witnesses could all be wrong (myself included), or how on Earth hoaxing could account for most prints. I didn't have any access to the skeptical books or magazines (still rare today, but then vanishingly so) that could have explained it to me. And, most importantly, I did not know what I did not know. I had to be taught to ask counter-intuitive questions, and I had to be taught how to find the best answers.
I wasn't born knowing that stuff. Nobody is. As Phil Plait's speech put it, “Skepticism is hard.” It's hard, and it has to be taught. And that is how it can be that several hundred thoughtful skeptics at the The Amazing Meeting 8 used to believe in magic.
Distant energy healing, also known as remote healing and absent healing has been practiced by healers in the Far East for centuries. In recent modern times many modalities of distant healing are being recognized and practiced in the West. More and more people are turning to alternative healing therapies such as distant energy healing to enhance their health and well being. Distant healing and energy healing therapy is being clinically studied in the West by places such as the California Pacific Medical Center in Northern California. China has done many scientific studies on the effectiveness of qigong distance healing by qigong healers.
Daniel Benoir MD In an abstract wrote the following “This article reviews 61 studies of distant healing, which is healing that is deliberately sent by one or more healers as an intent, wish, meditation, or prayer to a healee who may be in the healers' presence or may be far away. Distance, even thousands of miles, does not appear to limit the effects of healing. Significant effects of distant healing are demonstrated randomized controlled trials in humans, animals, plants, bacteria, yeasts, cells in the laboratory, and DNA. Fascinating new insights about energy medicine and integrative care are suggested by these studies”
One strict double blind study on almost 400 patients by cardiologist Robert Bryd determined that people who were prayed for had better outcomes than those who were not. The field of Quantum Physics may provide some answers why remote healing works.
In the early 1980's a team of scientists at the University of Paris led by Alain Aspect made an incredible discovery that may be one of the most important discoveries in modern science. They found that under certain circumstances some subatomic particles were able to communicate instantaneously with each other no matter how far apart they were from each other. It didn't matter if they were millions of miles apart.
In other research in 1997 Nicolas Gisan duplicated these findings and concluded that some particles appeared to be communicating at the mind boggling speed of 20,000 times the speed of light. These conclusions may give clues as to why distance healing works.
Well known quantum physicist David Bohm concluded the reasons why subatomic particles can stay in contact with each other despite vast distances is not because they are transmitting some unknown signal back and forth but because the separateness of the particles is an illusion. Bohm surmises that at a deeper level of reality the particles are not individual entities but are extensions of the same fundamental something and everything in the universe is infinitely interconnected.
Some scientists are now recognizing what mystics from many traditions have said for millennium, that we are all connected and that we are not separate.
Distant healing energy can get transferred over long distances because we are all connected. It doesn't make any difference if the one transmitting the energy is in a different state or country than the recipient.
Projecting where the Oakland Raiders are heading in terms of defensive scheme after a busy free agency.
In a time where fans and pundits are preparing for the draft through prospect examination and big boards (of which this blog has writers who have done an exceptional job providing solid content), I wanted to take a look at the Raiders through a different lens.
Oakland has become in recent years a very mercurial organization in the sense that they do not let their intentions be known. However, we operate in a world that requires definitions in order to help us understand what it is we are all witnessing.
With that in mind, I have been trying to define the Raider defense. The debates over scheme are rampant, but there is one past example that can give all Raiders fans some perspective on what Ken Norton Jr has devised, which is truly unique. The question is simple, “Where are the Raiders heading with their 2016 defensive scheme?” The answer, well that will take some explanation.
Saline High School.jpg
Saline Area Schools announced Monday, May 22 it will abandon plans to work with Planned Parenthood on sex education curriculum.
(MLive file photo)
SALINE, MI - Saline Area Schools no longer will work with Planned Parenthood on its sex education curriculum, saying the partnerships proved "too divisive" for the community.
The Saline Area Schools Sex Education Advisory Council held a public hearing on May 15 regarding proposed changes to the high school sex education curriculum, which included having Planned Parenthood train students as peer educators to lead lessons on contraceptive methods and LGBTQ issues.
Sex ed curriculum at Saline Schools may add lesson on LGBTQ issues Saline Area Schools wants the public's input on proposed changes to the district's high school sex education curriculum.
A second public hearing was scheduled for May 30, but the school district announced Monday, May 22 that the hearing is canceled and Saline Schools will not be working with Planned Parenthood.
"Based on reviewing the comment/question cards, the discussion that took place at the first hearing on May 15th, analyzing survey data, and talking to people in the community, it is very apparent that moving forward with any Planned Parenthood connected curriculum, at this time, would be too divisive in the Saline Area Schools," states an email sent to Saline families by Steve Laatsch, assistant superintendent of instruction.
Instead of a formal public hearing on the proposed curriculum changes, there is a "community conversation" at 6 p.m. May 30 at the Liberty School media center. The conversation will cover topics like how to allow for peer-to-peer conversation within health classes; how to respect all opinions, views and values related to sex education, and how to integrate lessons that educate students on risks specific to LGBTQ students, such as bullying.
Laatsch and Mary Beno, Washtenaw and Livingston County educational health coordinator, will lead the conversation. Planned Parenthood representatives are not invited to attend.
Saline Area Schools also is accepting applications for the Sex Education Advisory Council, and the deadline to apply is May 31.
Planned Parenthood has worked with Ann Arbor, Ypsilanti, Milan and Dexter public schools as well as Greenhills School and Washtenaw International High School to provide training for peer educators, said Ruth Lednicer, director of media and communications at Planned Parenthood of Michigan.
Lednicer said in an earlier email to The Ann Arbor News that "All our Sex Education work is based on CDC recommended, medically accurate, age appropriate information."
Reach for your wallets. It is going to be expensive to pull America's largest territory out of its death spiral, Puerto Rico's outgoing governor warned the island's new federal oversight board on Friday.
Even if Puerto Rico's 3.4 million residents keep tightening their belts, and even if the creditors who lent it $74 billion agree to less than full repayment, the island will still “need the assistance of the federal government to bring this economic and humanitarian crisis to an end,” said Gov. Alejandro García Padilla, addressing the panel that the Obama administration set up to handle the territory's staggering debt.
He urged the board's seven members to join him “in one voice before Congress” to seek help.
Twenty floors below the room in Lower Manhattan where the governor made his remarks, protesters chanted their opposition to colonialism — which is how they view the power that the panel holds to make decisions about Puerto Rico's future.
It was the first substantive meeting of the board, known in Spanish as the junta, the Spanish word for political group, that Congress created this year to direct Puerto Rico's financial affairs. The group is similar to the control boards that have led other distressed American jurisdictions, like New York City in the mid-1970s. But because of heightened sensitivities about Puerto Rico's colonial history, Congress gave Puerto Rico's governor, and not the board, the authority to draft the 10-year fiscal plan that will become the basic road map for moving Puerto Rico out of its financial troubles.
Microsoft has revealed that its Xbox E3 Media Briefing will take place on June 9th at 9.30 AM PDT, and much like last year – except without all the DRM and used games controversies – we're going to be seeing lots of games.
This is according director of programming for Xbox Live, Larry “Major Nelson” Hryb, who revealed on Reddit that as far as the length of the conference goes, “Time is TBD” but when it comes to the content, “we have lot's of games to show ;)”
That's not all. Chief of Staff for the Microsoft Devices group Aaron Greenberg also spoke on Twitter about more games. In response to a fan saying that more awesome games were needed at the moment, Greenberg responded, “More games you shall get! :-)”
What's interesting was his next tweet, where Greenberg said, “Yeah this year feels special, can focus on the games!” We know that Microsoft will be launching its Xbox Originals service in June and bringing original TV content to the Xbox One. E3 would seem like a good place to promote it but for the rest of the year, Microsoft seems firmly focused on the gaming side of things.
Does that mean titles like Sunset Overdrive and Quantum Break will receive release dates? Maybe some Halo Anniversary 2? That remains to be seen but for Xbox boss Phil Spencer's sake, we really hope we see less execs on stage this time around.
To the editor,
In response to Reshmi Dutt-Ballerstadt's op ed of May 17th, I'd like us to consider the following.
I agree that change at Linfield does not happen quickly, and that we are behind the times with regard to embracing diversity in all of its manifestations. Certainly there are unacknowledged and unconscious power relations at work, and awareness of them should be fostered. Many of us do this in our classes in ways that allow proponents of diverse viewpoints to speak and to be heard. Giving voice to historically marginalized groups, though, is not zero sum. It should not come at the cost of silencing historically privileged groups. This just creates hostility and less willingness to listen on the part of the privileged. It can easily degenerate into violence, on both sides, as we've seen recently. Privileged groups need to be brought skillfully to awareness of their privilege. It is better to have dialogue, even with people whose views appear to be inimical or hurtful to us, than to silence them into a fury that can burst out unpredictably in hate crimes. Only in dialogue can a deeper understanding be reached. Democratic institutions, including constitutional protections of rights, function to achieve peaceful conflict resolution. It's what we do instead of using violence or intimidation to further our interests. You're right, outrage probably cannot be expressed civilly. But is outrage a constructive response to provocation?
Do I agree with “rape culture,” racism, ethnocentrism, homophobia, misogyny? No, absolutely not. But it is important to counter those who would promote such things on this campus under the guise of free speech, not through silencing them, but by engaging with them and unveiling these ideas for what they are. Overt white supremacism, misogyny and hatred of LGBQTI people have not been strongly expressed in the events organized by the Young Americans for Liberty. In fact, these efforts are a lot more subtle. Just as becoming a terrorist is a gradual, step-by-step process, people do not become part of the alt right overnight. These events represent a kind of soft recruitment into more extremist ideas. The way to counter them is not to shut them down, but to discuss what is really going on, and to point out that the more extreme ideas behind the superficial reasonableness of the premises (men's rights movement, free speech that includes an arguably ambiguous “Pepe the Frog”) are hateful and truly do harm people of color, those who have nonhegemonic sexual and gender orientations, and other marginalized groups. Perhaps some of the YAL organizers will not be convinced, but certainly other students who might be attracted by such views or the seemingly laudable way in which they are cast (i.e. free speech) need to hear what this discussion is really about.
Amazon
Screenshots can be a very useful educational and support tool. Android tablets like the Asus Transformer and Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, have native screenshot functions, but unfortunately Amazon's Kindle Fire does not.
If you want to take screenshots of the Kindle Fire, you still can. It's a fairly involved process, but once it's set up, taking screenshots is a breeze. You don't even have to root your Kindle Fire to do it. Here's how:
Install JDK and Android SDK
Step 1: Download and install the Java Development Kit (JDK) from Oracle.
Step 2: Download and install the latest Android Software Development Kit.
Step 3: At the end of the Android SDK installation, choose to start the SDK Manager.
Step 4: By default, the "Android 4.0.3 (API15)" package is checked for installation. Make sure to select the "Android 2.3.3 (API10)" package as well and that the "Google USB Driver package" is also checked under "Extras." If you're not going to be using the Android SDK with Ice Cream Sandwich, you can elect not to install Android 4.0.3 (API15).
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
Install USB Driver
Step 1: Go to Start, then type "cmd" in the search box. Instead of hitting the Enter key, hit, Ctrl+Shift+Enter. This will launch the command prompt with administrative privileges.
Step 2: To add the Kindle Fire to the USB driver file, type:
notepad c:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf
Hint: copy the text above and right-click on the command prompt window and select "paste."
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
Step 3: At the beginning of the [Google.NTx86] and [Google.NTamd64] sections, add the following lines:
;Kindle Fire
%SingleAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_1949&PID_0006
%CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_1949&PID_0006&MI_01
Save the file.
Step 4: In Notepad, open C:\Users\username\.android\adb_usb.ini, where username is your Windows user name. On a new line, add the following text:
0x1949
Save the file and exit Notepad.
Step 5: Plug the Kindle Fire into a USB port on your computer and allow Windows to install drivers. All the drivers but one, should install correctly.
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
Step 6: Open up Device Manager and you'll see the Kindle listed under Other devices with an exclamation mark inside a yellow triangle. Right-click on it and select Update Driver Software.
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
Step 7: Choose "Browse my computer for driver software" and browse to C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver then click "Next."
Step 8: At the Windows Security warning prompt, select "Install this driver software anyway." Once finished, you'll get a confirmation screen that shows that the device driver for the "Android Composite ADB Interface" was installed.
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
Take screenshots
Step 1: On your computer, click Start, then in the search box, type C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ddms.bat and hit Enter. You can also navigate to it using Windows Explorer and double-click on ddms.bat.
Step 2: When your Kindle Fire appears in the top, left-hand box, click on it to highlight it. If it doesn't appear right away, try resetting adb by going to Actions, then selecting "Reset adb."
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
Step 3: Hit Ctrl+S to take a screen capture.
Step 4: The Device Screen Capture window will pop up with your screen capture, allowing you to refresh, rotate, save, or copy it.
Screenshot by Ed Rhee
That's it. The next time you want to take a screenshot, just launch ddms.bat again. You might also want to create a shortcut for ddms.bat on your desktop or taskbar, so you don't have to go looking for it every time.
Considered by many to be the hero of Tolkien's main works (though, by the unlearned he may be considered a ‘weenie'), Frodo, Son of Drogo, survives many dangerous events and enemies to complete his quest. However, though the ending of the story is indeed a happy one, it may come as a shock to some to read this quote from Tolkien himself, with regard to the ending of his story:
“Frodo's failure…is a very important point…”
Granted, this quote is partial and the more complete form will be found below. But did Frodo fail the mission?
The movie and book are in agreement for the most part on the ending of the story: Frodo decides to keep the Ring, to Sam's dismay, and Gollum attacks him, bites the Ring from his finger, and (though the movie shows both falling) Gollum, in his glee, dances accidentally off the edge into the Crack of Doom. Up until this point in the story, the reader (or audience) feels only pity and sorrow for Frodo. He is weighed down to the point of complete exhaustion by the Ring and his responsibility for it. The farther he travels into Mordor, the more desperate his situation becomes.
By this point in the story, the tale is told almost entirely from the point of Sam, as Frodo has passed beyond relation as far as points of view go. The reader can sympathize with him, but any description of his internal conflict is almost beyond words; we only see the outward pain and suffering he endures. This eventually leads to the point of Sam physically carrying his starved, dehydrated, and distraught master up the side of Orodruin.
This typical setting of the dauntless hero heading into the source of darkness itself is empowering for those of us who can only imagine what they must be going through. Surely, though the odds are stacked far against our hero, he will make the journey and complete the deed. Surely.
However, Tolkien did not portray this typical ending in his work. The plot twist of Gollum destroying the Ring and Frodo claiming it as his own is (for the most part) unexpected and agonizing for the audience. However, until someone mentions it in this manner, most people do not consider Frodo any kind of failure. They simply empathize with him and salute him for his bravery to accomplish what was thought to be impossible in completing the task even to that point. But it can definitely be seen that Frodo did fail his appointed task.
Yes, he hauled the Ring all the way to its final destination, but he choked at the last minute. 99% is not 100%. The internet and many other books can provide a plethora of theories on this, but what is correct? It is interesting to see what others think about this and it is fun to discuss it, but what did the author say about this? The quote above is from a letter of Tolkien's and a more complete version reads as follows:
“Frodo's failure…is a very important point… Frodo after all that had happened would be incapable of voluntarily destroying the Ring. Reflecting on the solution after it was arrived at (as a mere event) I feel that it is central to the whole ‘theory' of true nobility and heroism that is presented. Frodo indeed failed as a hero… [But] I do not think that Frodo's was amoral failure… [He] had done what he could and spent himself completely and had produced a situation in which the object of his quest could be achieved. His humility and his sufferings were justly rewarded by the highest honor; and his exercise of patience and mercy towards Gollum gained him Mercy: his failure was redressed.”
So Tolkien was speaking of Frodo as a failure, in a sense. This shows, to me, the author has a deep understanding of what it means to write a narrative that is both interesting but stays true to itself. In another letter, Tolkien speaks of Frodo's incapability to destroy the Ring:
“Not only was it quite impossible for Frodo to surrender the Ring, in act or will, especially at the point of its maximum power, but this failure was adumbrated from far back. He was honored because he had accepted the burden voluntarily, and had then done all that was within his utmost physical and mental strength to do… [But] Frodo failed. One must face the fact: the power of evil in the world is not finally resistible by incarnate creatures, however good.”
Tolkien knew, possibly from the beginning, that his hero would fail. The Ring as something that actually existed could not be destroyed willingly by anyone and Tolkien followed through with that in the end. The ending could have consisted of Frodo tossing the Ring into the Fire and walking out to catch a ride on an Eagle, but where is the story in that? What does that show us of humanity? That would go against everything Tolkien built the Ring up to be from the start: a supernatural object of pure lust for everyone around it. Tolkien's fiction shows us humanity as it is: susceptible, broken, and weak.
One other point to make is addressed in the previous quote: the fact that Frodo is honored. Now, to most, this is a no-brainer: “Duh! Honor the guy that got the Ring into Mordor and saved the world!” In another letter (…I think, though these letters are long and my memory can't easily separate them and they're hard to find on the internet sometimes), Tolkien speaks of what Frodo was actually deserving of: death, and justly so.
He took the most valuable weapon the Enemy had into His domain and claimed it as his own, putting not only himself in jeopardy, but also all of Middle-earth. Sure, Frodo miraculously made it that far, but the ends don't justify the means. In the above quote, Tolkien addresses this justice with the idea of Mercy, a very prominent concept throughout the story. (Perhaps I'll write a post about it's importance soon.) Frodo's moral success and his Mercy he showed to Gollum justified his failures and brought to him rest from his burden, as he obtains an even bigger mercy in being allowed to journey into the Undying Lands.
Frodo of the Nine Fingers and the Ring of Doom truly has a happy ending because of this, despite its dark conclusion.
Advertisements
Our latest Facebook Sweepstakes is our greatest one yet!Enter to win an all-expenses-paid 4-day tour of Rocky Patel ‘s Honduran and Nicaraguan cigar factories and tobacco farms!
The Amazing Trip includes:
Tour of Rocky's factories and fields
Select your own custom-rolled cigar blend
Meals, cocktails, lodging and plenty of cigars to enjoy!
One lucky winner will be chosen on May 28, 2014
You will see first hand how Rocky Patel cigars are crafted, you'll get to enjoy fun in the sun and everything is included! Meals, Drinks, Cigars, Hotel, Travel… all included in the contest!
As you can tell it's an action packed adventure. Before you enter, you might want to see the itinerary below. Please note that Rocky himself is not guaranteed to be there, but you'll probably be too busy livin' it up to even notice. Then by all means
Click this link to enter
Best of luck to you all!
package main import ( "fmt" "math/rand" "time" ) const ( width = 76 height = 10 numBalls = 10 ) type screen [height][width]byte func (s *screen) print() { fmt.Print("\x0c") for _, row := range *s { for i, b := range row { if b == 0 { row[i] = ' ' } } fmt.Println(string(row[:])) } } func (s *screen) paint(x, y int, b byte) { s[y][x] = b } type ball struct { x, y int xd, yd int } func newBall() *ball { return &ball{ x: rand.Intn(width), y: rand.Intn(height), xd: (rand.Intn(2) * 2) - 1, yd: (rand.Intn(2) * 2) - 1, } } func (b *ball) move() { moveBounce(&b.x, &b.xd, width) moveBounce(&b.y, &b.yd, height) } func moveBounce(v, d *int, max int) { *v += *d if *v < 0 { *v = -*v *d = -*d } else if *v >= max { *v = max - 2 - (*v - max) *d = -*d } } func main() { balls := []*ball{} for i := 0; i < numBalls; i++ { balls = append(balls, newBall()) } for i := 200; i >= 0; i-- { var s screen for _, b := range balls { b.move() s.paint(b.x, b.y, '*') } s.print() time.Sleep(time.Second / 20) } }
About the Playground
The Go Playground is a web service that runs on golang.org's servers. The service receives a Go program, vets, compiles, links, and runs the program inside a sandbox, then returns the output.
If the program contains tests or examples and no main function, the service runs the tests. Benchmarks will likely not be supported since the program runs in a sandboxed environment with limited resources.
There are limitations to the programs that can be run in the playground:
The playground can use most of the standard library, with some exceptions. The only communication a playground program has to the outside world is by writing to standard output and standard error.
In the playground the time begins at 2009-11-10 23:00:00 UTC (determining the significance of this date is an exercise for the reader). This makes it easier to cache programs by giving them deterministic output.
There are also limits on execution time and on CPU and memory usage.
The article "Inside the Go Playground" describes how the playground is implemented. The source code is available at https://go.googlesource.com/playground.
The playground uses the latest stable release of Go.
The current version is go1.12.
The playground service is used by more than just the official Go project (Go by Example is one other instance) and we are happy for you to use it on your own site. All we ask is that you contact us first (note this is a public mailing list), use a unique user agent in your requests (so we can identify you), and that your service is of benefit to the Go community.
Any requests for content removal should be directed to security@golang.org. Please include the URL and the reason for the request.
In part 1 of this series, I covered what lambic is. In part 2 I covered how to recreate lambic processes more easily, at least on a homebrew scale. In part 3 I covered a variety of questions and ideas that I wasn't able to cover in the first two parts.
Today, in part 4, I'll cover my recipe and brewday.
Recipe Creation
A basic lambic grist is comprised somewhere between 50/50 and 70/30 pilsner/wheat. I went with a roughly 65/35 split. I used Pilsner malt and Wheat malt from the folks over at Riverbend Malthouse in Asheville, NC. If you're ever in that area, give them a call and see if they'll give you a tour. It's a fantastic experience. My experience with the pilsner malt has been that it has a great earthy flavor, but is a little prone to tannin extraction if the pH isn't just right. So lambic that might benefit from some tannin seemed like a great way to use it. The wheat malt has been fantastic in all the beers I've used it in and it's what I had on hand.
Mashing with Wheat Flour
I found a scholarly article that indicated that up to 25% of the mash could be wheat flour with no ill effects. So with that in mind, I decided to mash 8oz of wheat flour in the main mash and add about 8 oz in the sparge to get the starch I want. I was using a brew bag in my cooler so I wasn't worried about lautering. I use a comically large whisk to stir my mash so I wasn't really worried about dough balls either. So I just added the first 8oz of flour in with the rest of the grain. This worked pretty well.
Mashing
I decided to mash at a high temp (161F) instead of adding carapils malt. I'm still not sure which would be better. Perhaps giving the Saccharomyces strains more simple sugar to easily ferment would be better than giving them some assumedly more complex sugars from a higher mash temp. I may try carapils for another iteration of this in future years. For this one I just decided to keep things simple.
You may notice some small white flour balls in the second picture. These were a result of just dumping the flour into the strike water. They eventually were well integrated. That giant whisk I mentioned earlier definitely helped. It makes stirring the mash and integrating the grain with the strike water very quick and easy.
I was able to sparge at the extra hot temp of 178F, which is great for lambic. Should be plenty of tannins for the bugs to do interesting things with.
Lautering was fairly normal, but I had some issue with the brew bag getting stuck to the outlet. Eventually I just lifted the bag slightly with a rope and an eye bolt and it ran off fine.
Boiling
I decided against melanoidin malt in the interest of simplicity. I was brewing this on a weeknight which meant it needed to be a relatively quick brew, but I was able to get my water heated a little faster than normal by using my boil kettle temp controller to pre-heat the water. I ended up boiling for a little over 2 hours, which is fine, since Cantillon reportedly boils for 2 hours. I collected 14 gallons and flamed out with a touch over 11.
Coolshipping
This was definitely the fun part. I had never coolshipped a beer before, but i read a lot about it on the Milk The Funk Wiki and the Milk The Funk Facebook group. Consensus seemed to be that trying to scale down a commercial coolship was a bad idea because it didn't provide the correct cooling rate and it didn't have the correct surface area to volume ratio. Apparently a standard boil kettle was a closer approximation, and some insulation could be used to slow the cooling rate to appropriate levels. The target coolship dimension, regardless of volume is that the wort should be approximately 1.5 feet deep.
I used a bottom draining keggle for my coolship and wrapped it in 3 layers of Reflectix insulation. My wort depth was not ideal as it was probably a little over the 1.5 footmark, but this was the best I could do. I used a couple pieces of scrap wood to hold the lid over the top of the keggle to keep any large debris from falling in, but still allow the wind to blow through and bring any microbes with it that it could. The coolships used in Belgian Lambic breweries are in large rooms with louvered windows, so these openings seemed appropriate to me.
I sat my keggle up on some bricks on the stairs at the back of my house so I could run off via gravity into my fermenters. I cut a circular piece of reflectix to go under there and also stuffed a towel under it to keep the wind from blowing through and cooling the beer too quickly. Coolshipping is reported to work best when the nighttime temperatures are very cold, so I picked a night (2/10/16) that had a low of 21F. I thought I recalled hearing Jean Van Roy recommend that the daytime high should be below 45F, but the MtF wiki indicates it would be a maximum nighttime low of 45F for coolshipping. Either way, the day I picked fit the bill.
The only mistake I think I made was I over insulated the coolship. The beer entered the coolship at 11PM and had only reached 79F at 11AM the next morning when the sun had already come up and began to warm the environment up beyond temperatures I was comfortable with. I think that lambic brewers target 8-12 hour cooling times. In the future, I would use maybe 2 layers of reflectix and possibly not protect the bottom of the coolship so much, especially if the night were warmer. Getting the beer into the coolship earlier in the evening might help too.
Fermentation
I decided against hazarding a ferment in the whiskey barrel I have kicking around. I think the risk of getting too much oak and whiskey flavor is too great to chance it. I'm just going to ferment in the old standby Better Bottles. I didn't bother sanitizing them. Just cleaned with PBW and rinsed well. Afterall, beer that was exposed to the great outdoors was about to go into them. I'm using S airlocks and plasticoid bungs because S airlocks are less likely to go dry and plasticoid bungs have the lowest oxygen permeability of the common and cheap closures for carboys.
The next evening after coolshipping, I drank a bottle of Drie Fonteinen Geuze, my favorite, and added the dregs to one of the carboys. The other one will stay purely spontaneous.
Interestingly both carboys started fermenting right around the same time Saturday morning. If anything the 100% spontaneous carboy may have started first and has had a slightly more vigorous fermentation the entire time. Both carboys are still fermenting away as of Monday night 2/15/16. Fermentation is occurring around 68F.
Well, that's going to be it for the lambic series for quite some time. I might be able to taste this one in 6 months or so. I've got warning stickers on it not to taste it for at least 2 months to be sure that any nasty enteric bacteria have died.
Here's the recipe! Cheers!
Lambic, Deal With It.
Recipe Details Batch Size Boil Time IBU SRM Est. OG Est. FG ABV 11 gal 120 min 8.7 4.03 1.057 1.003 7.09 Style Details Name Cat. OG Range FG Range IBU SRM Carb ABV Lambic 23 D 1.04 - 1.054 1.001 - 1.01 0 - 10 3 - 7 0 - 0 5 - 6.5 % Fermentables Name Amount % Riverbend Pilsner 17 lbs 65.38 Riverbend Appalachian Wheat 8 lbs 30.77 Wheat flour 1 lbs 3.85 Hops Name Amount Time Use Form Alpha % Lambic Blend 4 oz 60 min Boil Pellet 1.2 Yeast Name Lab Attenuation Temperature - - Default 95% 66°F - 72°F Spontaneous Fermentation 0% 32°F - 32°F Download Download this recipe's BeerXML file
Like this: Like Loading...
When I was 27 my then-husband introduced me to his editor. Ray Roberts was also Thomas Pynchon's editor, and a truly lovely man: soft-spoken, thoughtful, and endlessly patient with the foolishness of youth. Back then I didn't want to be a science fiction writer. I had cut my teeth on science fiction in books and onscreen, but much of what I saw on the genre shelves in the mid-1990s was deeply disappointing to me. Most of it I had no wish to emulate.
Maybe that right there is where I went wrong. I wanted science fiction to be a literature of possibilities, of imagination, of human progress, not just a collection of tropes.
In 1996 I had sent my second novel, Someone to Watch Over Me, to Russell Galen. He pounced on it, read it like lightning, faxed something like, ‘This book has so much potential. If you changed X to Y, foregrounded the Japanese scientist, made it into a thriller and took out the Z, I could get you six figures and a movie deal in a heartbeat. As it is, you've got a mass-market original and I'm just not interested in that.'
I did what anyone with a pulse would do, and set about trying to rework my book to make it into the kind of thing Russ wanted. I could see what he saw in it. I wanted it to be that thing. That exciting, streamlined, grabby kind of thing that people would really, you know, really go for. Wouldn't it be cool to be cool? So I tried. But within a very short time I found myself falling hard into what Justina Robson calls ‘Trope Valley'. I was up to my eyeballs in clichés, and I couldn't seem to swallow my own bullshit. Everything in my being was screaming, no, these things they want are just too stupid. Don't do it.
At the same time, I could see the wavering outline of what I might be able to write if only I had the chops. I knew didn't have what it took; I was too inexperienced. I couldn't write something that operated on multiple levels the way the idea demanded. I couldn't write something with literary values and science-fictional ideation and thriller pace all at the same time. I didn't have the muscle back then.
I showed the book to Ray. He was so nice. I said, ‘Tell me what to do. Do I try to turn it into a literary novel? Or do I try to do this commercial thing? What?'
I wanted him to tell me, ‘You have the potential to be a deep and meaningful writer.' I wanted him to say, ‘What are you doing stuck in with the space pirates? Come on over here where the serious guys are.'
He read it. He said, ‘Leopard can't change her spots.'
So I rewrote the book to make it the best I could make it with the skills I had, on my own terms. Then I sold it as a mass-market SF paperback, and when it came to the next book after that I decided to go full-on Space Pirate* and wrote Dreaming in Smoke, which won the Clarke.
Leopards. Spots. All good, except that despite the Clarke both books sank like stones in the marketplace. (It's not unusual. Most books sink.)
I then went into fantasy so I could make enough money to buy food. Halfway through my fantasy trilogy, the Spots began to show through. Russ sent me the fax (still faxing in those days, yes) from my German publisher, refusing to publish the second book. It said, ‘You sold us this author as the next Marion Zimmer Bradley and she gives us time travel and brain worms. It's not acceptable.'
Around this time China Mieville asked me for a blurb for Perdido Street Station, which I gladly produced.
I know, right? I blurbed China. How funny is that. I didn't have an entry in the SF encyclopedia until around 2014, though. Maybe this is my claim to fame: blurbed China Mieville's first edition, then VANISHED from the Earth.
Do you see where I'm going with this? Maybe a little?
Here's how it played out publicly: Tricia Sullivan won the Clarke and then Abandoned SF. She made a Triumphal Return with Maul that despite being multiply shortlisted and getting publisher support, didn't sell that well and then…er…a mist passes over. Wrote two more books that nobody reviewed or read. Wrote a third that nobody reviewed or read until by some freak chance the pesky thing got on the Clarke shortlist again.
When I say ‘nobody reviewed or read' I don't mean those few of you who did review or read the book, obviously. I appreciate you guys so much. What I mean is that I was being paid modest advances but didn't come within miles of earning any of them out. My royalty statements would make your eyes bleed out of sheer pity.
After Lightborn my publisher told me, ‘We can still work with you but it has to be something Completely Different because people found Lightborn hard to get into.'
I don't know why other people walk away, but when I walk away it's because to stay is a form of self-harm. I had written Lightborn to be accessible, and it was.
I walk away because I'm not a victim. I will go where I must go to survive.
I wrote a YA, again Abandoning SF. I also took on a physics degree, initially to improve my employability in the UK but also because the itch scratched by science is in fact related to the itch scratched by science fiction, although they are not the same. People sometimes ask me if I study physics to assist with my writing. That's not why. I'm studying physics because I need to get a good, solid job with which to support my family and make a contribution to the world.
I'm doing physics because physics is crying out for more women, and I go where I'm wanted.
As for contributions, I do not feel I've been able to make one to SF, although I have sincerely tried. I have always been interested in SF, but SF as an entity does not seem particularly interested in me. I felt like I was pounding on a door that wasn't going to open for me. It opened for many others, though. I did not know the secret knock.
And now my new book, into which I poured my heart, soul, and a very great deal of sweaty graft and intellectual grit, will be sold as a Return to SF. It is not a return because I never left SF. Science fiction abandoned me. Science fiction pushed me out the door. Science fiction left me begging for scraps.
I don't beg. I don't want your scraps. I go and hunt down my own food.
My new book is SF on my own terms, with Leopard Spots intact, with no apologies to any tradition, expectation or canon. It is the book I couldn't write in 1996 when I was first trying to break in. It is the book that represents the cumulative effort of twenty years learning to write in a professional environment that offered very little encouragement, but frankly much gaslighting and convenient overlooking of my work.
Here is what SF needs to understand when it deigns to mention my name. I never left. I have been here all along. Oh, and one other thing:
I am not the next William Gibson or the next Philip K. Dick. I am the one and only Tricia Sullivan. You can't get rid of me because I'm strong as fuck and my ideas are incomparable. I own the page.
*No space pirates were harmed in the writing of this blog
Advertisements
Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz said on Wednesday that he's not running for re-election in 2018.
In a Facebook post, Chaffetz wrote that he doesn't plan to run for any office in the upcoming midterm election, crediting his family and prayerful consultation for helping him make the decision.
“I am grateful for all of you in the current and previous 3rd Congressional District. I acknowledge the outstanding work of my dedicated staff. Together we have been a strong advocate for Utahns,” he wrote on Facebook.
Thank you!Thank you for allowing me to serve as your Representative in the United States House of Representatives.... Posted by Jason Chaffetz on Wednesday, April 19, 2017
Chaffetz's decision launched multiple reactions inside and outside the Beehive State. GOP leaders hailed his work in Congress, while social media was abuzz over his decision.
Political blog The Hill and news site Fusion both speculated that Chaffetz may be running for president.
Fusion found that Friends of Jason Chaffetz, a campaign committee for the Utah Republican, recently registered two domain names that indicate a presidential run — Jason2028.com and JasonChaffetz2028.com.
Both were secured by the Chaffetz campaign organization in April 6.
Registration information for JasonChaffetz2028.com and Jason2028.com. Courtesy whois.icann.org
As political site Red State mentioned, these URLs offer more evidence that a White House run is a possibility. And, by leaving his representative post early, it gives him some time to step away from the public eye.
"The time off between 2018 and the next campaign may be a time to cleanse the public's palate of a lot of the backwash that has tainted the current attitudes toward politicians, especially those of any prominence," according to Red State.
Registration information for JasonForGovernor.com. Courtesy whois.icann.org
The group also registered JasonForGovernor.com back in 2013, according to The Hill, which redirects to a landing page.
Both Jason2028.com and JasonChaffetz2028.com, meanwhile, don't lead anywhere.
Politicians aren't always in charge of their domain names, though. According to The Des Moines Register, people will register domain names in a practice known as “domain squatting," which is when “opponents, fans, namesakes and other enterprising spirits snatch up Web addresses relevant to candidates.”
People will snatch these domains up before politicians even have a chance to do it themselves, The Register reported.
But as The New York Times reported, politicians are often recommended to buy their domains early if they plan to run for president.
South Carolina quarterback Connor Shaw South Carolina quarterback Connor Shaw Photo by Associated Press /Times Free Press.
SOUTH CAROLINA Camp start: Friday Opener: Vanderbilt in Nashville (Aug. 30 on ESPN at 7:30 p.m.) Fun fact: The Gamecocks were 0-12 against the quartet of Georgia, Tennessee, Florida and Clemson during their final three seasons under Lou Holtz (2002-04). They were 8-0 against that foursome the past two years under Steve Spurrier.
It took coach Steve Spurrier six years at South Carolina to win the Southeastern Conference's East Division football title. It took him seven years to set a program standard with 11 single-season victories.
It has taken him eight to trust a quarterback.
After suffering through the inconsistencies of Blake Mitchell, Chris Smelley and especially Stephen Garcia, the hard-to-appease Spurrier found signal-calling satisfaction late last season with Connor Shaw. In closing wins over The Citadel, Clemson and Nebraska in the Capital One Bowl, Shaw completed 41 of 55 passes (74.5 percent) for 657 yards with eight touchdowns and one interception.
"It is a little bit of peace of mind," Spurrier said at SEC media days. "All our guys have played pretty well at times, but we didn't have that real consistent game after game quarterbacking. Connor is a guy who when a play breaks down, he can run for the first down.
"That is so important, because you can't call every play perfectly. Tim Tebow used to do it all the time at Florida -- come running out of there, make a first down and keep going."
Shaw, a 6-foot-1, 207-pound junior from Flowery Branch, Ga., completed 65.4 percent of his passes last season, and he rushed 135 times for 525 yards and eight touchdowns. In South Carolina's 34-13 rout of Clemson, the third consecutive state championship for the Gamecocks, Shaw completed 14 of 20 passes for 210 yards and three touchdowns and rushed 19 times for 107 yards and a score.
With 230 passing yards and two touchdowns against the Cornhuskers in Orlando, Shaw continued to alter the label of being a run-first quarterback, and he is hoping to continue the transformation.
"I'm not going to take my legs away from me, because I think that is a key asset to my abilities," Shaw said, "but I am definitely going to rely more on my arm than my legs."
A dual-threat quarterback who threw for 3,100 yards and 30 touchdowns as a senior at Flowery Branch High School, Shaw was a three-star prospect who graduated in December 2009 and enrolled early in Columbia. His arrival coincided with South Carolina's collapse during the '09 seasons, when a hapless showing by Garcia in the Papajohns.com Bowl helped lead to a fourth loss in five games.
Spurrier was always quick to express his frustration with Garcia as well as his predecessors, so Shaw was aware of what he was getting into.
"He's a great coach to play for," Shaw said. "He's been there, done that as a quarterback, and he's won a Heisman Trophy. He's won a national championship as a coach, and it's a privilege to play for him. There are going to be rough patches down the road when he will critique you, but you have to expect that.
"Plus, my father was my coach in high school, and he is very similar to Coach Spurrier. I idolized Coach Spurrier growing up, and when he showed up to the high school and offered me a scholarship, that pretty much did it for me."
Shaw, who started last season's opener against East Carolina but struggled and had to regain the job in the sixth game against Kentucky, is one of seven offensive starters returning for the Gamecocks. Included on that list is junior tailback Marcus Lattimore, who has rushed for 2,015 yards through two seasons but tore his ACL in the seventh game a year ago against Mississippi State.
The Gamecocks have six starters back from one of the nation's top-five defenses a year ago, and they expect to be stout again with ends Jadeveon Clowney and Devin Taylor and safeties D.J. Swearinger and DeVonte Holloman.
"We have high expectations and feel pretty confident we can accomplish them," Shaw said. "We have a pretty good team this year, and we've had a good offseason."
The biggest challenge facing the Gamecocks after attaining their first top-10 finish in the Associated Press poll is their schedule. South Carolina has the toughest division crossover with games against LSU and Arkansas, two teams that finished in the top five.
At least Spurrier can face those tasks with a quarterback he believes in.
"Connor is a little different, and our whole style of offense is different than in years past," Spurrier said. "He's been around football his whole life and is pretty much dedicated to that. He doesn't have a lot of outside interests other than to be the best quarterback he can to help our team win games and be successful and hopefully win the SEC."
Contact David Paschall at dpaschall@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6524
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Sep. 10, 2015, 4:42 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Ree Hines
He's handsome, charming and quintessentially English — and on Sept. 10, Colin Firth is also 55!
LONDON, ENGLAND - JANUARY 14: Colin Firth attends the World Premiere of "Kingsman: The Secret Service" at Odeon Leicester Square on January 14, 2015 in London, England. (Photo by Anthony Harvey/Getty Images) Anthony Harvey / Getty Images
As the actor celebrates his big day, we're taking a look back at his work and celebrating his most swoon-worthy moments.
1. Stepping out of the lake
In 1995, Colin Firth brought Jane Austen's ultimate leading man, Mr. Darcy, to life for a six-part BBC miniseries that many still consider the ultimate "Pride and Prejudice" adaptation — in no small part due to Firth's memorable performance. And there was no moment more memorable than when he stepped out of the lake in his clinging wet shirt. Suddenly, everyone knew how Elizabeth Bennet felt.
2.' Just as you are'
Of course, that wasn't the only time he played Mr. Darcy. Firth reprised a reimagined version of the character when he played Mark Darcy in two "Bridget Jones" movies. He even delivered a spin on the original Darcy's doomed proposal speech. Except this time, instead of causing offense, he caused a major case of flattery. After telling his ladylove all the reasons she wasn't quite right for him, he admitted he loved her anyway — "just as you are."
We can't wait to see what he gets up to in the newly announced third film in the "Bridget Jones" franchise, in which Patrick Dempsey will likely be standing in for Firth's usual romance rival, Hugh Grant.
3. Stepping into the lake
And his original run as Darcy wasn't the only time Firth made a splash in a lake. In 2004, he got all wet again in "Love Actually," when his character jumped in after his housekeeper (and his manuscript). By the time he hopped out of the water, he was well on his way to a new romance.
MORE: From Mr. Darcy to action hero: Colin Firth talks 'Kingsman' transformation
4. 'I know I seem an insane person ..."
Firth had more than one swoony scene in that particular film. Toward the end, he plucked up the courage to propose to his love. But given the language barrier between them, he had to do it in broken Portuguese. The resulting captions made for what might be the funniest, sweetest onscreen marriage plea ever: "I know I seem an insane person because I hardly know you, but sometimes things are so transparency, they need no evidential proof!"
5. The whole movie
But the ultimate Firth swoons can be had by watching him in 1989's "Valmont." And not just one scene, mind you. The then-29-year-old played the Vicomte de Valmont, a man with a passion for seduction, in the racy drama. Trust us, every minute of this movie makes the list!
Follow Ree Hines on Twitter and Google+.
Practice lasted just an hour-and-a-half due to the fact that the many of the freshmen were not in attendance due to freshman orientation being held Monday morning.
Practice nuggets
*I wanted to see if Chris Register
RS Fr. Outside Linebacker
#45 6-2, 245
Browns Summit, NC
View Full Profile had moved back to linebacker after the loss of Korie Rogers
RS Fr. Outside Linebacker
#43 6-2, 235
Buford, GA
View Full Profile , but Register is still working with the defensive ends.
*The team practiced the rugby style kicks – special teams work was the majority of the first part of practice – and Artavis Scott
So. Wide Receiver
#3 5-10, 190
Oldsmar, FL
View Full Profile continues to wow me at punt return. He scooped up one bouncing ball and scooted through four defenders before they had a chance to plant their feet. He may lack true top-end speed like a sprinter, but he has the “quicks” and in the return game that can mean the difference between being tackled or breaking one.
Would love to see him get more work at that position and a chance to return during the season.
*A scary few seconds – quarterback Deshaun Watson
So. Quarterback
#4 6-2, 205
Gainesville, GA
View Full Profile was running the read option early in the practice and awkwardly slipped to the ground. A hush fell over the entire practice field, but Watson smiled and hopped back up without a problem.
*Head coach Dabo Swinney
Head Coach
View Full Profile told the team, “We are a big team. We are a fast team. We are an athletic team. But will we be an intelligent team? I want to see that today.”
Practice visitors
*Several NFL teams – the Kansas City Chiefs, Buffalo Bills, Seattle Seahawks, Miami Dolphins, Dallas Cowboys, New England Patriots, and Chicago Bears – had scouts at Tuesday's practice.
I walked over to one scout and mentioned that there weren't a lot of seniors on this team, but he smiled brightly and replied, “No. We have to wait a few more years but that quarterback (Deshaun Watson) is a stud. I didn't have this area last season so I only watched him on TV. I can't wait to see him in person. He's Marcus Mariota with accuracy.”
*2018 Greenville (SC) Christ Church linebacker Khalid Jones attended practice with his family. Jones is just a sophomore and already 6-1, 225 pounds.
Injury updates
*Freshman quarterback Tucker Israel
Fr. Quarterback
#10 5-11, 190
Orlando, FL
View Full Profile is no longer in a walking boot. Israel broke his fifth metatarsal during the first practice period of fall camp. He's now in regular cleats, but isn't practicing. He spent a portion of the practice throwing the football with a trainer. He didn't appear to be limping too heavily.
*Korrin Wiggins
Jr. Defensive Back
#12 5-11, 195
Durham, NC
View Full Profile , who suffered a torn ACL during last week's scrimmage, was sporting a brace and his playbook. Wiggins was hobbling around, but was prepared to take all of the mental reps with the defense.
Head coach Dabo Swinney saw Wiggins on the sideline and ran over and asked him if he was ready. Wiggins held up his playbook and smiled and said yes.
*Long snapper Jim Brown
RS Sr. Long Snapper
#76 6-4, 230
Walterboro, SC
View Full Profile , wide receiver Shadell Bell
Fr. Wide Receiver
#11 6-3, 190
Decatur, GA
View Full Profile and running back Zac Brooks
Running Back (2012 - 2015)
#24 6-0, 200
Jonesboro, AR
View Full Profile were all in yellow jerseys.
Assistant coaches
Clemson welcomes back several former players as student assistant coaches. Keith Adams
View Full Profile , Terry Allen, Diamond Adams, Aaron Pringle, Roy Walker and David Davis have returned to Clemson to finish their degrees. They receive a scholarship but are not paid to coach.
Diamond Adams began his Clemson career in 1998. During his first game against Furman, his mother had a heart attack and passed away in the stands.
Clemson has four graduate assistants: Thomas Austin
Sr. Offensive Guard
# 6-4, 310
Camden, SC
View Full Profile Thomas Austin
Offensive Line
# 6-4, 310
Camden, SC
View Full Profile Thomas Austin
Offensive Line
# 6-4, 285
Camden, SC
View Full Profile , Durrell Barry
Tight End
# 6-5, 265
Charleston, SC
View Full Profile , Tyler Grisham
Wide Receiver (2008)
# 5-11, 185
Birmingham, AL
View Full Profile and DeAndre McDaniel
Safety (2007 - 2010)
#2 6-1, 180
Tallahassee, FL
View Full Profile – all of whom are in their second season with the program.
Centipedes, those many-legged creatures that startle us in our homes and gardens, have been genetically sequenced for the first time. In a new study in the journal PLoS Biology, an international team of over 100 scientists today reveals how this humble arthropod's DNA gave them new insight into how life developed on our planet.
Centipedes are members of the arthropods, a group with numerous species including insects, spiders and other animals. Until now, the only class of arthropods not represented by a sequenced genome was the myriapods, which include centipedes and millipedes. For this study, the researchers sequenced the genome of the centipede Strigamia maritima, because its primitive features can help us understand more complex arthropods.
According to Prof. Ariel Chipman, senior co-author of the study and project leader at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem's Alexander Silberman Institute of Life Science, the genetic data reveal how creatures transitioned from their original dwelling-place in the sea to living on land.
"The use of different evolutionary solutions to similar problems shows that myriapods and insects adapted to dry land independently of each other," said Chipman. "For example, comparing the centipede and insect genomes shows that they independently evolved different solutions to the same problem shared by all land-dwelling creatures -- that of living in dry air."
According to Chipman, the study found that despite being closely related to insects, the centipede lacks the olfactory gene family used by insects to smell the air, and thus developed its own air-sniffing ability by expanding other gene families not present in insects.
In addition, Chipman said, this specific group of centipedes live underground and have lost their eyes, together with almost all vision genes and genes involved in the body's internal clock. They maintain enhanced sensory capabilities enabling them to recognize their environment and capture prey.
Published in the latest edition of PLoS Biology, the research is a collaborative effort by over 100 scientists from 50 institutions. Thousands of human-hours went into looking at specific genes in the centipede genome, with each researcher looking at a limited set of genes or at specific structural characteristics to address specific questions.
Other leaders of the international research effort include Dr. Stephen Richards, Baylor College of Medicine; Dr. David Ferrier, University of St. Andrews; and Prof. Michael Akam of Cambridge University. The research paper is titled "The First Myriapod Genome Sequence Reveals Conservative Arthropod Gene Content and Genome Organisation in the Centipede Strigamia maritima."
While early studies of genomics focused on humans, as sequencing equipment and expertise became more readily available, researchers expanded into animals directly relevant to human wellbeing. In the latest research, genomic sequencing has become more broad-based, investigating the workings of the world around us.
In explaining the purpose of the research, Hebrew University's Chipman said: "If we have a better understanding of the biological world around us, how it operates, and how it came to be as it is, we will ultimately have a better understanding of ourselves."
According to Chipman, the research will have applications for other researchers ranging from conservation to dealing with crop pests.
Helpfully dividing all of humanity into “white people” and “brown people”, Comment is Free is again burnishing its reputation as a ‘safe space' for thinly veiled anti-white racism with an article on London demographic change.
Originally titled ‘Please, no more white people writing smug articles about leaving London' the article has now been neutered by Guardian editors, perhaps surprised at the negative reaction it received, and recast as ‘London's super-diversity is a joy. Why would you ever want to leave?'. Aisha Mizra's comment piece takes a stab at being an amusing reaction to the joy some journalists have expressed at being able to move out of London.
The Guardian has even published some of them – yet Mirza's desperate anger at “white people” for daring to point out that living on top of nearly nine million other people in the most expensive metropolis on earth isn't all that great is as evident as it is problematic. No matter how expensive London is, the ‘psychic' cost for a “brown person” having to endure a “white” neighbour is more terrible, she argues:
“…while the psychic burden of living in the city with the highest living costs in the developed world is very real for a brown person, in my experience the cost of living surrounded only by white people is worse.”
https://twitter.com/adeelamini/status/626046594740260864
Such disdain for “white people” carries on into Mirza's own promotion for the piece on social media. Using an absolutely charming phrase,which if ‘white' replaced ‘brown' would probably see the world burn, she tweeted her opinion on “white people” in general:
i wrote a love letter to london for the @guardian http://t.co/rL1Tx7P9UG #whitepplrannoying — Aisha Mirza (@workinhardmummy) July 28, 2015
https://twitter.com/cbardswell/status/626355762667855873
It also appears globe-trotting feminist Mirza, who apparently splits her time between London and New York, clearly hasn't taken time to visit any of the United Kingdom's many other racially diverse cities. London to her is the only healthy place for “brown people” in Britain.
Leaving London to visit other parts of the country at all is an anathema to her, she writes:
“The smells and the songs are familiar here, and I am in close contact with people who look a little bit like me and are angry about the same things… I feel the comfort of London peel away whenever my train pulls out of King's Cross and the threat of overt racism is increased.”
On her Twitter profile, Mirza describes herself as a writer dealing with “feminism and mental health”. Perhaps it is time for her to question whether she's an horrific racist too.
Mobile not a key growth driver for Sony; explores “potential alliances with other companies”
Sony has outlined its three-year corporate strategy plan to the market, looking at FY15 to FY17 (year ending 31 March 2018). It will use Return on Equity (RoE) as the primary KPI (key performance indicator) as it targets a group RoE of 10% in FY17.
Key strategies to achieve this includes 1) the emphasis on profitability, rather than pursuing volume, 2) greater autonomy for each business with a focus on shareholder value and 3) a clearly defined position of each business within the larger group portfolio.
In terms of the latter, it has grouped its businesses under three characteristics including “Growth drivers”, “Stable profit generators” and “Areas focusing on volatility management.” Mobile sits in the last category (along with the television business). This means it expects a challenging competitive landscape and will place the “highest priority on curtailing risk and securing profits“.
Therefore expect, sales declines, a lower level of invested capital and profits in part to be driven by efficiency gains rather than top-line growth. Sony also confirmed for the first time that it will “continue to explore potential alliances with other companies” in mobile, highlighting a potential partnership with another company or even a possible sale of the business.
Sony sees the “Growth drivers” of its business being its Devices segment (CMOS image sensors), PlayStation, Pictures and Music. The “Stable profit generators” are the Imaging Products & Solutions and Video & Sound segments. See the full comment on mobile below.
Sony comment on Mobile business
“The TV and Mobile Communications businesses operate in markets characterized by high volatility and challenging competitive landscapes. In view of this business environment, Sony will place the highest priority on curtailing risk and securing profits in its operation of these businesses. Since both markets are experiencing intense cost competition and commoditization, Sony will strive to further increase the added value of its products by leveraging its in-house technologies and component devices. By carefully selecting the territories and product areas it targets, Sony will seek to limit its capital investment and establish a business structure capable of securing stable profits. The Company will also continue to explore potential alliances with other companies in these areas, in response to changes in the business landscape.”
Thanks Arthur and Hendra!
While out an about on his Unity tour with DNC Chairman Tom Perez Monday evening, Senator Sanders addressed a crowd of adoring supporters, talking the usual topics one expects from a progressive: income inequality, corruption on Wall Street, affordable education, universal education, and more.
But an unexpected moment occurred at the Portland, Maine rally when Senator Sanders' spirited speech inspired a bit of extra spirited commentary from the engaged audience. In the middle of pro-universal healthcare applause, one voice in the crowd told the Senator exactly how to treat corporations and industries who wish to get in the way of progress.
“Brothers and sisters, at a time when 28 million Americans today have no health insurance, and many more, including many in this room, are under-insured with high deductibles and high co-payments, our job is not only to prevent the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, we have to go further.”
Sanders was speaking about his plans to introduced a medicare for all system as a replacement for the ACA, a long-time plan and the ultimate goal for progressives in America. But even as he laid out his plan, he warned those assembled: those in power who benefit from the current health care system will not give up without a fight.
“It is not acceptable to me. It is not acceptable to you, that we remain the only major country on earth not to guarantee healthcare to all people as a right, and that is why I will soon be introducing legislation calling for a Medicare for all single-payer program. The insurance companies may not like it and the drug companies may not like it…”
To that, a voice in the crowd shouted, “Fuck 'em!”
Rather than ignore the spirited interjection, Sanders addressed the man,
“That's not exactly the words I would use. Not bad! Not bad.”
The Senator then returned to the point.
Article continues below the video
But this lively interjection during the Senator's speech was much more than a fun moment – it was yet another sign, amid the energy in the crowd, that the magnetism of Senator Sanders and his revolution continues, and even grows by the day.
It was clear during the election that many in the Democratic party viewed the Senator and his millions of young supporters as nothing more than a nuisance, a passing trend. Now, months into Donald Trump's presidential term, thousands are still lining up to hear Senator Sanders says the same things he said in 2016.
The momentum is still here, and it's not going anywhere. And to those who say that Sanders has no business leading the party?
When it comes to naming a human child, the only hard and true rule the Baby Name Critic adheres to in her private name consultation business (email leah@gawker.com for more info and rates) is that the child should be given an actual name, and not a name that is a pile of shit. It appears that Zoe Saldana, a Na'vi person, is yet another celebrity who has not heeded my timeless advice.
Saldana, with "artist" husband Marco Perego, "Cy" does not meet the required character count for an American name (three characters). When measured on the Baby Name Critic's Name Prententiousness Meter (a Christmas gift), "Bowie" scores a 92 (room for error if Saldana and Perego perhaps named their son after beautiful Bowie, Maryland). Saldana, with "artist" husband Marco Perego, gave birth in November to twin sons Cy and Bowie. After exhaustive research I have determined that these are not names, but weak attempts at cultural "coolness."
Let it be said: Do not name your child after a rock star. Do not name your child after an actor or actress. Do not name your child after any celebrity. Celebrities are dumb, and this will cause your child to be dumb.
This has been Baby Name Critic.
Leah Finnegan is Gawker's Baby Name Critic Leah Finnegan is Gawker's
[Pic via AP]
Mini Bird Nests
These Mini Bird Nests are an easy edible spring craft for preschoolers, on up! This is a perfect treat for the kids to make for Easter or spring, and would also work great as a party favor!
Ages: 3 and Up
Here's what you'll need...
• 12 oz package of semi-sweet chocolate chips
• 3 ½ cups of chow mien noodles (6oz)
• 1 cup of peanuts
• ½ cup coconut (optional)
• Small jelly beans or other egg shaped candy
Here's how you make them...
1. Melt your chocolate chips in a double boiler or large sauce pan. Sir in noodles, peanuts and coconut until they are coated with chocolate. Drop HEAPING spoonfuls of the mixture onto wax paper, about 3 - 4 inches in diameter.
2. With a spoon, hollow out the middle of each nest. Younger children may find it easier to make these holes with a finger or two wrapped with plastic wrap or wax paper.
3. Place your jelly bean eggs inside the nest.
4. Leave your nests out to set, after which you can eat them, or store them in the fridge for later!
*If you are using a regular sauce pan it's important to remove the pan from heat as soon as all the chips are melted. This way the chocolate won't "cook" and get really hard.
We used Jelly beans, you can use any egg-type candy, try the mini Cadbury eggs, or foil-wrapped eggs. If you are going to give your nests away, wrap them in a cute treat bag and tie with a Spring ribbon!
Email
Name
Then
Sign up for our FREE Newsletter
The Busy Bee BUZZzzz You'll get the BUZZzzz on our new crafts, featured crafts for upcoming holidays and seasons, AND learn some fun and useful tips for doing kids crafts - all delivered to your inbox from busybeekidscrafts.com.
Your email address is totally secure, it is only used to send you the Busy Bee BUZZzzz.
Find more Edible Spring Crafts like these Mini Bird Nests
Find more Edible Easter Crafts
Find more Spring Crafts for Kids
Find more Easter Crafts for Kids
Find more Bird Crafts for Kids
Actors Parker Sawyers, left, and Tika Sumpter attend a special screening of "Southside With You" at the Landmark Sunshine Cinema on Aug. 24 in New York. | AP Photo Obama movie brings in $3.1 million in opening weekend
The film showcasing President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama's first date earned more than $3 million at the box office in its first weekend of release.
"Southside With You," which transports the viewer to a 1989 Chicago outing between Obama and then Michelle Robinson after they meet at a law firm, premiered in 813 theaters this weekend, grossing $3.1 million, according to studio estimates.
Story Continued Below
The limited-release film finished 13th at the box office. The film was released by Roadside Attractions and Miramax.
The highest grossing film of the week was "Don't Breathe," a horror film that pulled in $26.1 million at 3,051 locations.It also premiered this weekend. It was followed by "Suicide Squad," with $12.1 million, and "Kubo and the Two Strings," with $7.9 million.
"Southside With You," which stars Parker Sawyers as Barack Obama and Tika Sumpter as Michelle Robinson, debuted at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival in January. The movie was written and directed by Richard Tanne.
Currently, Obama's approval ratings are at 51 percent, according to Gallup's weekly average for Aug. 15-21. The studio said the president's improving approval ratings did not factor into the release plans for the film.
“It helps, but we weren't banking on it,” Howard Cohen, Roadside Attractions' co-president, said to Variety. “If it had been the reverse, it might have given us pause, but it's not like we read the approval ratings and said, ‘okay, let's go to 800 screens.'”
Films showcasing a personal story and released on the big screen are unusual while a president is still in office.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first president to show up as a significant character in non-documentary movies during his presidency. Most of those bits, however, were narrative devices in patriotic films such as "Yankee Doodle Dandy," in which the fictional FDR was called upon to say noble things.
In 1955, Dwight Eisenhower (played by Harry Carey Jr.) was a prominent character in John Ford's "The Long Gray Line," a fictionalized history of West Point. Eight years later, John F. Kennedy (played by Cliff Robertson) was the main character in "PT-109," about his heroics in the Navy. Since then, there have been a number of other portrayals of current U.S. presidents on the big screen, though most have taken the form of satire or worse, such as Oliver Stone's piercing 2008 George W. Bush biopic, "W."
David Cohen contributed to this report.
Being Muslim can't be the basis for law enforcement surveillance. That was the message from the Third Circuit on Tuesday when it told the plaintiffs in Hassan v. The City of New York that their lawsuit could go forward. The plaintiffs are suing over the New York Police Department's suspicionless mass surveillance operation revealed by the Associated Press in 2011.
The NYPD targeted the plaintiffs, who include student groups, imams, business owners, and individuals, based solely on religion. The court's decision affirms what should be an obvious principle: being Muslim (or from a country with a lot of Muslims) is not reasonable suspicion. But it did more than that. It gave the City a history lesson that bears repeating:
What occurs here in one guise is not new. We have been down similar roads before. Jewish-Americans during the Red Scare, African-Americans during the Civil Rights Movement, and Japanese-Americans during World War II are examples that readily spring to mind.
Without restrictions on the government's efforts to keep us “safe”, the government ends up doing unforgivable things. As the court recognizes, Muslims are the latest, but they won't be the last if we don't learn from history.
Street level mass surveillance of entire communities
"Take a big net, throw it out, catch as much fish as you can and see what we get," one investigator recalled [the deputy commissioner for intelligence, David] Cohen saying.
The NYPD's program was a disturbing example of street level mass surveillance. It treated an entire population as potential terrorists—much like the NSA mass phone surveillance program has treated every phone call as a potential terrorist connection. Perhaps even scarier for ordinary people, this surveillance hit close to home. It was conducted by law enforcement agents on the street, who had the means to physically harass or even arrest any Muslim they wanted to—on the spot.
The NYPD program was developed with the help of the CIA. The Demographics Unit, “maintained a long list of ‘ancestries of interest' and received daily reports on life in Muslim neighborhoods.” Police used informants in cafes, mosques and student groups, photographed businesses and schools, and made maps showing where populations of “ancestries of interest” were concentrated. They did this without any particular suspicion about any of the people or places surveilled.
In addition to spending huge amounts of human hours on this surveillance, the NYPD also used street level surveillance technology—something we've warned is allowing local law enforcement to mirror the NSA's mass surveillance much more easily. It's disturbing to think what the demographics unit would do now, with 2015 technology.
But even with the technology available between 2002-2011, when the AP broke the story, the NYPD managed to use automated license plate readers (funded by federal dollars under the guise of fighting drug trafficking) to conduct mass surveillance. The AP reported that “police in unmarked cars outfitted with electronic license plate readers would drive down the street and record the plates of everyone parked near the mosque.” The Fourth Amendment was added to the U.S. Constitution precisely in order to prevent law enforcement from conducting mass, suspicionless investigations under “general warrants” that target no specific person or place and never expire. And ALPR scans (like the rest of the NYPD's program) look a lot like these general warrants.
While the district court dismissed the case despite these disturbing parallels—since it believed that the surveillance was harmless—the Third Circuit disagreed.
Discriminatory surveillance is its own harm
Much of what both the Third Circuit and the district court discussed in their opinions was whether the plaintiffs had standing (the legal right) to sue.
The lower court dismissed Hassan partly because it said that the plaintiffs hadn't shown any injury, comparing it to “[a]llegations of a subjective chill” in another case. But what's more dangerous, the district court agreed with the City when it argued that “[e]ven if Plaintiffs had an injury in fact…the Associated Press and not the City is the manifest cause of Plaintiffs' alleged injuries.” The City argues that the plaintiffs would've been fine if they'd never known about the city's extensive surveillance. The ramifications of this theory for lawsuits like Hassan, where the media and whistleblowers reveal surveillance overreach, are disturbing to say the least.
Fortunately, the Third Circuit tore these arguments apart easily when it held that discriminatory surveillance alone was enough to "get in the courthouse door":
In short, [the City] argues, “What you don't know can't hurt you. And, if you do know, don't shoot us. Shoot the messenger.”…The City's argument is legally untenable because (to repeat) the discrimination itself is the legally cognizable injury.
In fact, the Third Circuit compared this attitude to the one displayed in the now infamous “separate but equal” Plessy decision, where the Supreme Court said “[If] enforced separation of the two races stamps the colored race with a badge of inferiority . . . [,] it is not by reason of anything found in the act, but solely because the colored race chooses to put that construction upon it.”
Courts have to closely scrutinize religious discrimination
The district court said that plaintiffs hadn't pled enough facts for their case to go forward at all, and didn't comment on the appropriate constitutional standard the NYPD program should be examined under—but the Third Circuit did. And it's a question the Supreme Court has never definitively decided, so the answer could affect similar lawsuits against surveillance based on religion in the future.
The Third Circuit determined that, as an essentially immutable characteristic closely associated with inequality, government practices or laws based on religion should be treated as a “suspect classification” and the government's reasons should be subjected to heightened scrutiny. In contrast, where the government does not use a suspect classification, it just needs to have a rational basis for the policy.
In the case of a religious classification, the court explained, a rational reason isn't good enough. Instead, because religion is an immutable characteristic, courts must look more closely at the purpose of the governmental policy in question. Although the court doesn't answer how closely the policy should be scrutinized, rational basis isn't good enough.
The court also made it clear that national security as a purpose for a policy doesn't trump rights, despite what the government seems to think:
No matter how tempting it might be to do otherwise, we must apply the same rigorous standards even where national security is at stake. We have learned from experience that it is often where the asserted interest appears most compelling that we must be most vigilant in protecting constitutional rights.
We've got a lot to learn from the surveillance of Muslims in America
Executive Director of the Center for Media Justice Malkia Cyril has said of the state of surveillance, “we have some new technology doing some very old work.” The “old work” is the work of controlling the movements and activities of minorities—like the passes African-Americans had to carry just to move around in public in the 1700s. And as the court recognizes, we are in very real danger of repeating history.
The Third Circuit's decision pointed out that when it happened, the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II, the targeting of civil rights leaders by the FBI during the 60s and 70s, and the public trials and surveillance of perceived communists during the Red Scare were all considered appropriate responses to national security threats:
Given that unconditional deference to [the] government's invocation of “emergency” has a lamentable place in our history, the past should not preface yet again bending our constitutional principles merely because an interest in national security is invoked.
Hindsight is 20/20. But we shouldn't have to wait to find out that the FBI has tried to convince a civil rights leader like Martin Luther King Jr. to commit suicide to stop government overreach. It is exactly because of the risk of government repression that we have constitutional protections. Without them, as Cyril points out, "the 21st century will supplement 1963's informants with 2016's facial recognition software."
The Third Circuit has placed the NYPD's surveillance in its proper place, in the context of our history. For us not to fall into tyranny, we must never forget that history.
(ABOVE VIDEO) Another round of lava diversion talk at the public meeting in Pahoa Thursday night was put to rest by a fiery set of speeches from the Native Hawaiian community.
Video by David Corrigan
PAHOA, Hawaii – A push by some residents to have the government somehow divert the current lava flow headed towards Puna's populated areas was publicly rebuked by Native Hawaiians Thursday night.
Hawaii County has organized six evening meetings on the lava threat so far, and nearly every night someone in the audience asks the same question: Why can't the county try to divert the lava flow, using bombs or building barriers, in order to protect Puna's subdivisions. Currently, the Kaohe Homesteads subdivision is nearest the flow. Every time the residents ask about diversion, civil defense administrator Darryl Oliveira answers the same: It's too risky, and there are cultural concerns to consider.
On Tuesday's meeting, some of those asking about diversion bristled at the idea of letting lava take their homes in consideration of cultural concerns. The story on Big Island Video News (VIDEO: Clamor For Lava Diversion Booed at Pahoa Meeting) generated a lot of interest and intense debate.
On Thursday, once again, some residents began to ask about diversion. This time, however, there were some Native Hawaiian residents in the audience, who went to the podium to explain their point of view on Pele – who they see as the divine force behind the lava.
One of those speakers – Pi'ilani Ka'awaloa, whose family has lived through numerous lava flows over the years in Kalapana – mounted a passionate defense of Pele, receiving the applause of the hundreds in attendance.
NEW! View presentations from the October 19th NAC Orientation Training!
What is a NAC?
Parents and communities are essential partners in developing new schools in the city of Chicago.
The District, in partnership with New Schools for Chicago, will facilitate the formation and training of Neighborhood Advisory Councils (NAC) in identified priority communities for which CPS receives proposals to open new schools. NACs are the central component of parent and community engagement in the New Schools Request for Proposal (RFP) to open new schools. NAC members serve as liaisons between Chicago Public Schools (CPS), their communities, and the applicant design teams to ensure that new school proposals offer high quality educational options.
While the primary role of NACs is an advisory function, NACs are critical in reporting to Chicago Public Schools on the match between a proposed new school and the needs and preferences of the community.
What is the role of the NACS?
Meet regularly to review and evaluate proposals for new education options that may fit the community's needs
Participate in an orientation, trainings, and a retreat session over the next three months
Meet with design teams and ask specific questions about proposals
Attend school tours to observe successful school models
Host community forums to gather feedback from the greater community on the new school proposals
Make a recommendation to be shared with CEO Byrd-Bennett.
Where will NACs be formed?
CPS is seeking volunteers to serve on NACs who live in the following overcrowded neighborhoods:
Ashburn
Ashburn is defined by the boundaries of the boundaries of 75th Street, Cicero Avenue, 87th Street, and Damen Avenue
Ashburn Ashburn is defined by the boundaries of the boundaries of 75th Street, Cicero Avenue, 87th Street, and Damen Avenue Belmont Cragin
Belmont Cragin is defined by the boundaries of West Belmont Avenue, North Kenton Avenue, West Grand Avenue, North Harlem Avenue
Belmont Cragin is defined by the boundaries of West Belmont Avenue, North Kenton Avenue, West Grand Avenue, North Harlem Avenue Chicago Lawn
Chicago Lawn is defined by the boundaries of West 58th Street, South Kedzie Avenue, 75th Street, South Cicero Avenue
Chicago Lawn is defined by the boundaries of West 58th Street, South Kedzie Avenue, 75th Street, South Cicero Avenue McKinley Park
McKinley Park is defined by the boundaries of 59th Street, Stevenson Expressway, and South Halsted Street
McKinley Park is defined by the boundaries of 59th Street, Stevenson Expressway, and South Halsted Street Midway
Midway is defined by the boundaries of 65th Street, 51st Street, Harlem Avenue, and Cicero Street
Midway Midway is defined by the boundaries of 65th Street, 51st Street, Harlem Avenue, and Cicero Street Reed Dunning
Reed Dunning is defined by the boundaries of West Belmont Avenue, North River North, North Austin, West Montrose, North Cumberland, and Dunning
In addition, CPS is seeking volunteers to serve on NACs who live on the Northwest or Southwest sides generally but may not live in one of the six specific neighborhoods above, to review only high school proposals as part of a nearby NAC. High school students are more mobile than elementary school students. As a result, CPS would like to offer the parents of high school students on the Northwest and Southwest sides the option to review new high school options for their students. The schools may not locate in their neighborhood, but will be located in the same area of the city, if approved to open.
The Northwest Side is bounded by the area west of Western Avenue, South of the Stevenson Expressway, and the city limits
The Southwest Side is bounded by the area beginning at Fullerton and the western city limit, east to Western, and north to the city limit
For more information on the NACs, please view our NAC Overview Presentation .
What are the timeline and time requirements for participating in a NAC?
Key Dates in NAC Process* Anticipated NAC Member Time Commitment Request for proposals (RFP) released August 12 NA CPS meets with key parent groups September 9 – October 15 NA RFP Tier One proposal Due to CPS September 30 NA Applications to Serve on a NAC Due October 15 10-20 minutes to complete application NAC Week 1 Meeting: Orientation and Training for all communities in centralized location October 19 8 hours NAC Training October 21 – November 22 Weekly 2-hour training session, plus 2-4 additional hours/week to review proposal materials NACs: Meet with operators (Location at CPS) November 25 2 hours Individual and group school tours November 4-22 2 hours Tier 2 proposals due December 3 NA NAC Final Proposal Review (including review of Tier 2 Questions) and Retreat December 7 Off-site retreat Chicago Lawn NAC Hosts Community Forum at St. Gall School, 5515 S. Sawyer December 9 6:30-8 p.m.; 1.5 hours McKinley Park NAC Hosts Community Forum, at SEIU Healthcare Central Office, 2229 S. Halsted Street December 10 7 p.m. – 9 p.m.; 2 hours Northwest Side NAC Hosts Community Forum, at Northwest Community Church, 5318 W. Diversey December 11 6:30 p.m. – 8:30 p.m.; 2 hours NACs deliver final recommendations December 20 NA CPS hosts Community Meeting at 125 S. Clark December 16 2 hours Public hearing at 125 S. Clark January 7, 2014 2 hours Board votes on new school authorization January 22, 2014 NA Total anticipated time commitment for NAC members Approximately 60-65 hours
* Dates are subject to minor changes
To review the NAC guidelines, please see the Neighborhood Advisory Council Handbook.
Paul: Here are two things that are absolutely and irrefutably true: 1) I love art. 2) I hate getting up early. Here are two more things that are
painful
in their truth: 1) Sometimes you have to get up early in the service of your art. 2) This feels awful.
Here are three other things that feel awful: 1) When the guy at the market has nothing to sell but combinations of the same sickly yellow paint (“I've got a bit of yellow, some yellow, or lots of yellow.”) 2) Mixing colours that you can't then use because someone beat you to the cathedral again. 3) When the bishop buggers off. Honestly, what is the point of bishops?
Here's something that's great: Fresco.
Splashed across the middle of Fresco's board is a huge image, cut into a grid of five by five squares, that gives numerous nods toward famous Renaissance art. You know, things like God wiggling his finger at Adam, the expulsion from the Garden of Eden, or that portrait of an an angel flying in a sort of low-energy fashion that makes you think they're on a Segway. Your very first task is to cover this up with twenty five tiles that represent sections of (who knew!) a fresco which you and your rival artists will gradually restore, section by section, until you've returned it to its former glory.
And you'll hate each other as you do this.
Not initially, mind. Initially, Fresco is a game of planning and pondering, of preparing a palette. By it's conclusion, it's a frantic scraping at stains as you desperately try to pull every last trace of pigment out from under your worn nails, hoping you mixed enough purple to put a twinkle in God's eye, or have just enough blue to finish an angel's bum. I guarantee that, by the end of any game, you're going to be really, really mad at one particular primary colour.
It begins thus: Each player decides first (and publicly) what time they are going to get their five apprentices out of bed, then second (and secretly) what tasks they must perform. These apprentices hide behind player screens, ready for placement on a board with multiple spots for shopping, restoration, painting, mixing and, uh, going to the theatre, the one single thing that makes sad artists happy again.
Multiple spaces for each job means your apprentices can tackle tasks multiple times or spread their talents and tinctures in all directions, but those public spaces can't be shared: Everyone wakes at a different time.
Then, the screens fall like a veil from a portrait and everyone gasps things like “You're going to mix how many colours today? You're sending three people to market? Good luck with that.” The consequences then either begin to roll comfortably on from one another, like raindrops down a window, or they collapse together like poorly-arranged dominoes.
Why? Well, let's start with getting out of bed. Rising early makes for an angry artist, but the early easel catches the colour because the first thing everyone does is go to market for paints. A collection of tiles that show different amounts of primary and secondary colours are drawn randomly from a bag and distributed across market stalls. The earlier arrivals at market pick sooner, but also pay more for the privilege.
Let's say you rose first! You claim a market stall and buy as many tiles of paint as you allocated apprentices. Perhaps that's three, so you pay your coin and claim one tile of three yellows, one of red and blue and one of green. Green! A secondary colour! Particularly important. You cash in those tiles for cubes and squirrel those away behind… wait. Your other player screen? You have two?! Okay, that's entirely unnecessary. Really, it is. You have enough room behind one for everything and, with a little discretion, can still hide resources while revealing apprentices.
You also trash that market stall after. Even if there were tiles left, nobody else can claim them. Cruel. Wasteful. Not that you care. You're dashing ahead to the next task, touching up that fresco by cashing out cubes that correspond to tile to win that tile's value in victory points, perhaps even several tiles if you sent out several apprentices. Then it's off to your private studio to earn money, with apprentices placed here generating funds, before you then get all alchemical, mixing any primary colours you have left to make secondaries.
Finally, any apprentices you've told to go to the theatre bump up your overall mood which, by the way, you took a hit on at the start of the round when you rolled off your mattress. Keep the mood high and you win a bonus apprentice, an extra person you can deploy, but burn everyone out and you start to lose staff to fatigue and sadness (though it's rare you'll suffer too much). If you've completed any sections of the fresco so far, these earn you a little extra cash. Then, things begin anew.
At first, Fresco looks like a game of surging ahead, of trying to beat players to market and then to the cathedral, but take careful note of the order of those actions. You mix paints after you've had the chance to use them in the cathedral. Hold on. Do you have any left? Are you seriously going to try to mix… red with red? Oh! Did you end up spending different colours because someone else claimed the tile you planned to, after someone else took the market colours you needed? Oh right, I see. Yeah, that happened to me too. But I planned for that! Mostly…
What I hope is happening right now is that all of Fresco's weird temporal considerations are suddenly starting to burst into life in your brain. Yep, yep, you're right! You do need to think about what colours you'll use now, which you'll mix down, which fresco tiles you can try to claim quickly and which you should wisely save for. Players after the first are also working out how much they're going to spend at an always random market before even knowing which stalls will be left open. There's little that's ever certain and a lot of hedging your bets, of building up rainbow pigment banks to cover multiple possibilities.
Those of you who are familiar with them might now be thinking of worker placement games, European-style games where you plop people onto spaces to claim actions or resources first because you do not like to share. This isn't quite Fresco, though. Fresco is a game of theft. You only really compete to place workers on waking times, having free roam of your own action boards, but otherwise you're stealing opportunities away. Stealing paint. Stealing fresco tiles. Steal, steal, steal.
And, oh boy, you can really have some very, very bad turns if you put a foot wrong. Turns where you didn't earn enough money in your studio and now can't afford to get up early and pay for premium paints, or turns where you had a lie in to cheer everyone up, but came home with only blue and now can't restore anything blue or mix anything with blue but oh yes definitely you have blue you sure have blue you have all the blue ever can you trade colours in this game nope enjoy your blue I am going to the theatre goodnight try not to feel blue.
And I like it. A lot. Not least because all of the elements in its svelte, straightforward, eight page rulebook are not just simple but also relatable. Teaching this game, I wasn't explaining abstract concepts and currencies, as I feel like I am with many euros, I was talking about tired eyes and pots of paint. The complications introduced themselves rudely enough that I could just watch them happen and beam. And while you can both deliberately and also very, very accidentally screw over other players, hard lessons are learned quickly and everyone can spread their apprentices as if spreading bets, still going heavy on one or two things when they feel confident. Fresco is challenging, but it's not cruel.
It also has its little forgivings. If you have a bunch of paint to hand but can't restore the fresco, you can always splash it across the altar instead, earning a few points to keep you in the running. When you land on the same victory point square you choose to step a space ahead, for the score advantage, or behind, for a turn order advantage.
Then there's the bishop, a weird man who walks about the fresco, apparently following a trail of coins that people have dropped. Every time someone goes to score a tile they can pay a coin to move him a space. Move him next to or onto a tile you're scoring and, after following that cash, he suddenly looks up at your work and beams. Well done! You score extra. Or you can just be a jerk and move him away from sections you think other people will score, nudging him into the corner with your pennies.
Suddenly, it's over, a four player game done in ninety minutes or even an hour. When most of the fresco is revealed the final turn becomes a special rush round where you can restore twice and not give a damn about tiredness. After initially starting with little paint and having to be a wise spender and industrious earner, games tend to close with different priorities. You're frantically trying to use a few secondary colours to score just one more tile, sitting on a growing pile of money that you don't need any more because money does not simply buy you the specific colours you need for that last tile you have any a chance to score ugh (though it does at least grant some victory points).
You know what? If I want to introduce people to euro-style games, I think Fresco is what I'm going to use from now on. It's fast enough that it won't eat too much of an evening, it's complex enough that it constantly gives you considerations, but it's also unpredictable enough that it keeps everyone on their toes. I think it may be one of those games that is an excellent ambassador for its peers, something I'll be pulling off the shelf with new players and declaring “Ah, yes, we start here.”
Without a doubt, there are going to be many people out there who want something that plays slower, longer and more ponderously, and for you folk Fresco is going to feel like eating toast for dinner, but writing this review makes me desperately want to play it again and I'm sure I can score a little better this time. Shut Up & Sit Down recommends Fresco with the subtle smile of a Mona Lisa. It's a work of art and, like art itself, I wish I'd got into it sooner.
(We'll be discussing Fresco's expansions in our forthcoming podcast, so stay tuned!)
Save
RIO DE JANEIRO — Another night, another world record shattered.
Stanford incoming freshman Katie Ledecky will be taking a nice token to her dorm room on the Farm. A gold medal, earned Sunday night in the 400-meter freestyle, in a swim in which she absolutely destroyed the world record.
Of course, by the end of these Olympics, she might have so many medals she could hand them out as welcome gifts to her suitemates.
On Sunday, Ledecky shattered her own property. She set the 400 freestyle world record two years ago in the Pan Pacific Championships when she was 17.
After her historic swim, Ledecky looked up at her time — 3:56.46, almost two seconds faster than her previous record — smiled and raised her fist. And then she turned to hug the other swimmers, the silver and bronze medalists who came in almost five seconds behind her.
“Pure happiness,” Ledecky said of her feelings.
Ledecky, a 19-year-old from Bethesda, Md., set an Olympic record in her heat earlier in the day. Which is one of the reasons she powered through her last 50 meters.
“It felt like a similar swim to this morning,” she said. “I knew I had a lot left at the end this morning.”
Ledecky's feat came 24 hours after Hungarian Katinka Hosszu destroyed the 400-meter individual medley world record Saturday night. That was also a swim that bettered the world record by about two seconds. As soon as Hosszu's time was noted, the whispers started. The eyebrows were raised. The doubt was cast.
Not so with Ledecky. Is that because she's an American and NBC controls the narrative? Or is it because there's a difference?
Are other fast swimmers cheaters and Americans just awesome freaks of nature?
Debate among yourselves. Sadly, this is part of the drill when watching the modern Olympics, and the Russian doping scandal has only fueled the ongoing skepticism. The Russian swimmers were booed by the crowd at the pool Sunday night.
There is indeed a difference. Hosszu is 27, in her fourth Olympics, and is getting only faster. That's reminiscent of Barry Bonds getting really good at hitting home runs in his later 30s.
Ledecky was a phenom in London at age 15, when she won gold in the 800-meter freestyle, and she has been getting steadily faster. Her coach, Bruce Gemmell, says she has “once-in-a-generation greatness.”
Ledecky, who won't turn 20 until March, consistently swims the 400 freestyle in under four minutes, having set the world record three times. Her time Sunday was more than seven seconds faster than the world record set by Janet Evans in Seoul in 1988. That record stood for 18 years.
Ledecky's time would have set the record and won gold in the men's event in the 1972 Olympics (the current men's record is 3:32.25).
She and Gemmell came up with a plan after the 2013 World Championships in Barcelona. They set out her goals for the quadrennial leading to Rio, and hitting 3:56 was the mark.
On Saturday night, Ledecky won silver anchoring the freestyle 4x100 relay. She is the favorite to repeat — well, dominate — the 800-meter free. She can swim fast over short distances and fast over long distances. She's fast.
Ledecky is in her prime. How long she'll keep improving remains to be seen. We've already seen 2012's golden girl, Missy Franklin, struggle to stay on top. Now 21, she has gotten slower over the past four years, which is typical.
Franklin's summer of dominance came in London. Ledecky's is coming in Rio. She is expected to be the face of the Games, one that NBC will package for all of its prime-time coverage. And she's pulling other swimmers along with her, buoyed by what is called “The Katie Effect.”
“Everyone's chasing her,” said American Leah Smith, who gutted through the pain of the fast race to win the bronze medal. “It's really exciting to hear the crowd going insane, and you can kind of pretend it's for you even though you know it's for Katie.”
Ledecky deferred her enrollment in Stanford by a year to train for the Olympics. She doesn't know what she will study but will leave herself open. That's refreshing; Ledecky probably has enough goals in the pool and could use a little freedom on land.
“I'm very excited to get on campus in September,” she said before the Olympics started. “That's a new chapter. Right now, I'm finishing up this chapter.”
This chapter certainly will include more medals. And possibly more world records.
Why, Ledecky was asked, are so many swimming records already falling in Rio?
“I think because it's the Olympics,” she said. “Everyone wants to swim their best time at the Olympics.”
Maybe it's just that simple.
Ann Killion is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: akillion@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @annkillion
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia wants to fight terrorism jointly with the rest of the world, President Vladimir Putin said in an interview published on Monday, while again accusing the West of exacerbating international crises that had contributed to it.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during his annual end-of-year news conference in Moscow, Russia, December 17, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev
“We are faced with common threats, and we still want all countries, both in Europe and the whole world, to join their efforts to combat these threats, and we are still striving for this,” Putin said in a wide-ranging interview with Germany's Bild newspaper.
“I refer not only to terrorism, but also to crime, trafficking in persons, environmental protection, and many other common challenges,” he said.
“Yet this does not mean that it is us who should agree with everything that others decide on these or other matters.”
Russia's air force is attacking targets in Syria and Moscow says it aims to undermine Islamic State, which has been joined by thousands of Russian citizens and now poses a serious threat to national security. The group claimed responsibility for downing a Russian airliner over Egypt in October, killing 224 people.
But Russia has not joined a U.S.-led coalition carrying out strikes on Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, and Washington and its allies say Moscow's strikes are only aimed at helping embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad stay in power.
Putin said previous Western military interventions in Iraq and Libya had contributed to an upsurge in terrorism in these countries and elsewhere, reiterating what he had told the United Nations General Assembly in September.
He hit out at NATO's expansion toward Russia's borders after the Soviet Union's demise in 1991 and at an anti-missile shield being erected by the United States, accusing the West's expansion after the Cold War of exacerbating international crises.
Putin has repeatedly called the toppling of Ukraine's former President Viktor Yanukovich in 2014 after months of pro-European street protests “a coup d'etat”, and has accused the West of inspiring and assisting it.
In February last year, France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine agreed on a set of peace accords, known as the Minsk agreements, which have helped to stop the war between pro-Moscow separatists and government troops in southeast Ukraine.
But a key clause of the peace deal, which stipulates a new Ukrainian constitution that enshrines the autonomy of the rebel regions, remains unfulfilled, Putin said.
“Everyone says that the Minsk Agreements must be implemented and then the sanctions issue may be reconsidered,” Putin told Bild, referring to Western sanctions imposed on Russia.
“This is beginning to resemble the theater of the absurd because everything essential that needs to be done with regard to implementing the Minsk Agreements is the responsibility of the current Kiev authorities.”
Putin drew attention to a clause in the peace agreement that required Ukraine to introduce constitutional reform by the end of last year, calling this “the main, the key issue in the settlement process”.
The leaders of France and Germany, he added, “should scrutinize these matters more thoroughly”.
ECONOMY
On the economic front, Putin acknowledged that the country's economy had been hard hit by the plunge in oil prices but also said that there was a positive side insofar as it would force Russia to improve the structure of its public finances.
“I believe that our non-oil and gas deficit had risen to a very dangerous level. So now we are forced to lower it. And this is healthy,” he said.
“It is very difficult ... to resist spending oil and gas revenues to cover current expenses. (But) it is the reduction of these expenses that improves the economy.”
Former White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon tried to spy on Facebook by planting a mole in the company, BuzzFeed reported.
According to internal emails obtained by the news outlet, Bannon was seeking to gain insight into Facebook's hiring process.
ADVERTISEMENT
“There is one for a DC-based ‘Public Policy Manager' at Facebook's What's APP [sic] division. LinkedIn sent me a notice about some job openings," Chris Gacek, a former congressional staffer who works for the conservative Family Research Council, wrote on Aug. 1, according to Buzzfeed. Gacek reportedly gave Bannon the idea of infiltrating Facebook.
“This seems perfect for Breitbart to flood the zone with candidates of all stripe who will report back to you / Milo [Yiannopoulos] with INTEL about the job application process over at FB," Gacek, who works at the Family Research Council, continued.
Bannon forwarded the emails to Yiannopoulos, Breitbart's former tech editor, later that day. Yiannopoulos resigned from the conservative website in February after a video surfaced of him defending pedophilia.
It's unclear if Yiannopoulos, Bannon or Gacek pursued the plan further than the email exchange in August, however, it appears unlikely that they were successful in installing their preferred candidate in the Public Policy Manager position at WhatsApp.
A source told BuzzFeed that Facebook hired former director of Trade Policy and Global Supply Chain Security in President Obama's National Security Council, Christine Turner, to fill the position.
Facebook did not immediately return The Hill's request for comment.
Bannon, Yiannopoulos, Gacek and the Family Research Council did not respond to multiple requests from BuzzFeed comment.
News of the emails come as Facebook navigates the fallout from revelations that Russian actors purchased political ads on Facebook to potentially interfere in the 2016 election. Facebook is caught in the middle as some on the right criticize it for having an alleged liberal bias, while many liberals blast it for disseminating fake stories that they say swayed the election.
A record number of Americans are using food stamps, known today as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). Despite official proclamations that the recession has ended and an economic recovery is underway, families are turning to SNAP benefits in record numbers. The working poor comprise a growing number of food stamp recipients, and about half of those receiving benefits are children.
Enrollment in the food stamp program has increased by 70 percent since 2008, to a record 47.8 million people as of December 2012, the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday. The biggest factor driving the increase is the stagnating job market and a rising poverty rate. This means that a staggering 15 percent of the US population receives food stamp benefits, nearly double the rate of 1975.
In 2008, at the onset of the recession, 28.2 million people were enrolled in SNAP. While the official jobless rate, which peaked at 10 percent in 2009, had dipped slightly to 7.7 percent as of February this year, the SNAP program has continued to grow. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) predicts that food stamp usage will drop only marginally, to 43.3 million people, by 2017. Even this estimate is predicated on the unemployment rate dropping to 5.6 percent over the next four years.
The number of people using food stamps roughly corresponds to the number of Americans living in poverty, which rose to just below 50 million people in 2011. Utilizing the Supplementary Poverty Measure (SPM), which factors in expenses for food, clothing, shelter, health care and other essentials, the US Census Bureau estimates that nearly one in six people in the US is living in poverty.
The average monthly benefit per person receiving SNAP benefits was only $133 last year. In order to qualify, a household's income cannot be more than 130 percent of the poverty level, which is about $25,000 for a family of three, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP).
Enrollees receive benefits on a debit card, which can to be used to purchase cereal, meats, fruits, vegetables, bread, milk and other staples. When food is running low, recipients often seek out 24-hour grocery stores, waiting for 12 a.m. for their monthly benefits to kick in.
The fact that 15 percent of the population must rely on SNAP benefits has received little attention in the media or from politicians of either big business party. Earlier this week, President Obama signed a bill making permanent $85 billion in sequester cuts, which will slash billions of dollars from programs benefiting the poor, including Head Start, special education, housing and many other programs.
While SNAP technically evaded the sequester ax, other nutrition programs are facing deep cuts. The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, known as WIC, could be forced to cut almost 600,000 mothers, infants and children from its rolls. About half of all infants born in the US qualify for WIC benefits, and mothers use them to purchase food, formula and other vital necessities, as well as to access nutrition education and other services.
Due to the sequester cuts, about 4 million fewer meals will be delivered through Meals on Wheels programs, which provide daily meals to homebound seniors. For many recipients, it is not only their only hot meal of the day, but their sole connection to others in the community.
Millions of the long-term jobless—who have been forced to turn to food stamps—will also see an 11 percent cut to their extended unemployment benefits. The sequester cuts—which will constitute the baseline of future allocations of federal spending—come as the need for social programs benefiting working families is increasing at a rapid pace due to falling wages, unemployment and growing poverty.
The US government spent a record $74.6 billion on SNAP benefits last year, more than double the $30.4 billion spent on the program in 2007. Rules adopted under the Clinton administration allowed some leeway for states in allowing residents to qualify for benefits.
In 2001-2002, six states eased the income and asset requirements for SNAP benefits, making it somewhat easier for people to qualify if they had a low-wage job, or some savings. By 2009, in response to the recession, 17 states and US territories eased their eligibility requirements. Today, three out of four households receiving SNAP benefits include at least one person who is working.
The Obama administration's 2009 stimulus bill expanded the SNAP program, raising the level of benefits recipients can receive, and allowing people to keep their benefits longer. This expansion is set to expire on October 31, and there are no moves afoot to extend it. The CBPP estimates that food stamp benefits will decrease by $8 per month per person with this expiration.
As of November 1, SNAP benefits will be returned to the level of the so-called Thrifty Food Plan, the lowest of four nutrition estimates calculated by the US Department of Agriculture. The four plans—Thrifty, Low-Cost, Moderate Cost, and Liberal—vary widely in cost. In February 2013, a family of four with two children on the “Thrifty” plan was expected to budget $636 a month for food at home, while the same family on the “Liberal” plan would spend $1,257—almost double the amount.
As with all aspects of social life in America, there is one standard for the working class and another for the wealthy. In this case the divide is between those who struggle to provide adequate nutrition for their families under conditions of rising costs for housing, utilities and other necessities, and the tiny elite who think nothing of splurging on a restaurant meal with a tab far in excess of the “Liberal” monthly budget for a family of four.
Almost half the children presently receiving SNAP benefits—some 10 million—already live in extreme poverty, which means household income is less than half the official poverty level, already set an unrealistically low level. Another 9 million receiving food stamps are elderly or have a serious disability. The cuts in SNAP benefits will quite literally take food off the table for millions of American families at a time of deepening poverty and burgeoning social inequality.
CLOSE Netflix summer hit "GLOW" wouldn't exist without Indianapolis native David McLane. David Lindquist / IndyStar
Manager fans loved to hate launched his career in Indianapolis
Buy Photo Before finding mainstream fame in the World Wrestling Federation (now known as WWE), Bobby Heenan worked for the Indianapolis-based World Wrestling Association. (Photo: IndyStar file photo)Buy Photo
Bobby Heenan, who elevated "bad guy" bluster to artistry for countless pro-wrestling matches, died Sunday at age 72.
Before Heenan became a mainstream star — accompanied by nicknames "The Brain" or "The Weasel" — in the 1980s World Wrestling Federation, he launched his career in Indianapolis.
Working with Dick "The Bruiser" Afflis from 1965 to 1974 in the Indianapolis-based World Wrestling Association, Heenan irritated crowds at Tyndall Armory, Bush Stadium, Indiana Farmers Coliseum, the Indiana Convention Center and Market Square Arena.
The WWE, formerly known as the World Wrestling Federation, announced Heenan's death. Deteriorating health had challenged Heenan since a 2002 diagnosis of throat cancer.
Dick the Bruiser: World's Most Dangerous Wrestler
About 'GLOW': Netflix wrestling series has real-life roots in Indy
Ms. Pat: Hoosier comedian writes book on harrowing, hilarious life
Musician paydays: Who earned how much at the 2017 Indiana State Fair
As a wrestling manager, Heenan hyped a parade of A-list heels: Andre the Giant, Nick Bockwinkel, Blackjack Lanza, Big John Studd, King Kong Bundy, Mr. Perfect and more.
“I've been shot at and stabbed. I've had people throw rocks, batteries and cups of urine and beer at me," Heenan wrote in his 2002 book "Bobby the Brain: Wrestling's Bad Boy Tells All." "They even spit right in my face. That's because they hated me. And I was good enough at what I did to make them do that.”
Born Raymond Heenan in Chicago, he moved to Indianapolis as an adolescent. His introduction to pro wrestling arrived in the early '60s, when he worked as a stagehand at Indiana Farmers Coliseum.
NEWSLETTERS Get the The IndianapoLIST newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Your Indy-area things to do source. Sorting out the best concerts, dining spots, art shows and more. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Wed Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for The IndianapoLIST Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
In addition to being a manager, Heenan distinguished himself as a wrestler and TV commentator.
Indianapolis TV great David Letterman reminisced about wrestler Bobby "Pretty Boy" Heenan during a 1989 appearance on "Later with Bob Costas."
"We would go to the matches periodically," Letterman said. "They always had a big Thanksgiving card. ... Even then I thought it was a real touch of genius (for) Bobby Heenan to be introduced as being from Beverly Hills. You couldn't have said anything more irritating to these people."
The "Pretty Boy" character betrayed Dick the Bruiser at the first-ever sporting event at Market Square Arena in 1974, and Heenan moved on to the Minnesota-based American Wrestling Association.
Heenan's World Wrestling Federation tenure lasted from 1984 to 1994, during which he transitioned from manager to TV commentator.
An announcing stint for World Championship Wrestling lasted from 1994 to Heenan's retirement in 2000. The WWE inducted Heenan into its Hall of Fame in 2004.
Hulk Hogan wrote the foreword to Heenan's "Bad Boy Tells All" memoir.
“Bobby was a legendary wrestler, legendary," Hogan wrote. "He will go down in the books as someone who mastered the craft.”
Heenan returned with a 2004 book titled "Chair Shots and Other Obstacles: Winning Life's Wrestling Matches."
Ric Flair referred to Heenan as "the best manager of all time" when writing that book's foreword.
“He was a phenomenal performer and he was unselfish," Flair wrote. "He got beat up every night, got up and did it again the next night.”
Heenan is survived by his wife, Cynthia Jean, and daughter Jessica.
Call IndyStar reporter David Lindquist at (317) 444-6404. Follow him on Twitter: @317Lindquist.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2y7RLHK
Mayor Kasim Reed said the investigative reports into the Atlanta Police Department's raid on the Atlanta Eagle released last week were “terrible” and he plans to ensure something like the botched gay bar raid never happens again.
In a phone interview today, Reed again pointed out that the raid on the Midtown gay bar happened in September 2009, before he was elected mayor. And while he said the city's December 2010 settlement of a federal lawsuit filed by patrons of the bar could have been seen as an end to the APD scandal, he believed thorough investigations were necessary to get to the root of the problems.
“My reaction [to the reports] is that this is terrible and I'm going to take whatever steps necessary to make sure this never happens in the city of Atlanta again,” Reed said.
“This happened before I was elected mayor. I've taken this extremely seriously. I began looking at this very quickly when I became mayor. I made the decision to settle after looking at details and going over the case on my own, being informed myself.
“As part of the settlement, I believe we needed to let the investigation and facts be known and be investigated thoroughly,” he said.
The city was ordered to conduct the investigations as part of its $1.025 million settlement with numerous plaintiffs who sued the city in federal court alleging their constitutional rights were violated when APD Vice officers and members of the now disbanded Red Dog Unit raided the gay bar on Ponce de Leon Avenue, forced them to the floor, treated them roughly as well as hurled anti-gay slurs at them.
Reed said he is still going through the more than 400 pages that make up the Atlanta Police Department's internal affairs investigation as well as the independent investigation expor by law firm Greenberg Traurig. But he admitted shock at what he had read so far.
“I think any normal person with ordinary sensitivities would have to have been shocked by this report. And I was certainly was shocked,” Reed said.
So far, the city and APD have put on administrative leave seven of 10 officers who were found to have lied about the raid under oath, destroying evidence as well as claiming gay people were more violent than heterosexuals.
“We can't have a city like ours that has a history of embracing and celebrating inclusion and have such an important group of our citizens under this kind of threat. And I'm not going allow it stand,” Reed said.
“As I've said repeatedly, I believe the LGBT community is a vital part of Atlanta and I think the community contributes greatly to what makes this city special and I'm not going to have a police department that does not understand how important this is to me,” Reed said.
The disciplinary actions taken against seven officers last week are just the beginning, Reed added. However, he said he could not comment on whether officers would be fired.
“I can't comment on terminations because by ordinance there is a certain amount of separation between the Atlanta Police Department and myself. But what I do have the ability to do is make my feeling known including to my chief [George Turner] that the success or failure in my administration will be judged by this situation,” he said.
The demotion of Major Debra Williams, who was a commander, to a lieutenant is harsh punishment, the mayor added.
“That is a severe demotion and has not been customary in the city of Atlanta. We are taking swift action. We are going to do more. It is a beginning, not an ending,” Reed said.
Top photo: Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed (file photo)
An analysis by Bloomberg Government has found that the start up costs for Obamacare "are far greater than anything publicly discussed." The report shows that the total cost has exceeded $73 billion dollars, with $2 billion alone - and counting - spent on the Obamacare website, healthcare.gov.
"Whether policymakers and the public judge the $73-billion-plus tab for health reform reasonable or exorbitant may ultimately turn on what's used as the measuring stick," wrote senior healthcare analyst Peter Gosselin. "Measured against the development costs for the F-35 joint strike fighter [$54.9 billion], the Defense Department's single most expensive weapons system, the tab for the healthcare effort can seem quite high," he continued. "Measured against the U.S. healthcare industry that the administration seeks to overhaul, however, the costs of the reform effort appear tiny."
Why would you want to measure Obamacare start up costs against the entire US health industry? The fact that the rollout of this turkey has cost the US taxpayer more than development costs for a supersonic jet fighter is absurd.
Unlike most estimates, the BGOV analysis is built in part around its proprietary contracts database, which allows it to look at the federal government generally and health reform in particular from the vantage point of spending, rather than solely of the federal budget. A wide range of grant records, program documents and government spending reports were also consulted to come up with a cost total through Sept. 30, the end of fiscal 2014, of $73.5 billion. The total excludes the cost of the ACA-mandated expansion of Medicaid because reliable spending numbers, as opposed to forecasts, have yet to be made publicly available. The CBO estimates that the health law will boost Medicaid spending by $20 billion in fiscal 2014 and by more than $350 billion through 2019. If the CBO estimate proves correct, health reform costs to date would be almost 25 percent higher, or more than $90 billion. Among the key findings of the BGOV analysis: Despite the $73-billion-plus price tag, there have been gaps in the startup, especially at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The IRS plays a crucial role in the ACA machinery, but has contracted for as little as a 10th of what it was predicted that the tax agency would need to spend to implement its portions of the health overhaul.
IRS-distributed premium subsidies, the health law's chief means of expanding health insurance coverage, are being paid out at a far slower pace than forecast. Subsidy payments are on track to total about $15 billion in fiscal 2014, or only 40 percent of the $36.7 billion that the administration predicted in February they would total this fiscal year. Treasury spokeswoman Erin Donar confirmed the subsidy payout numbers on which the $15 billion estimate for the full fiscal year is based. She said that in more recent administration documents the expected payout total has been reduced by about $3 billion.
While public attention has centered on the troubles of healthcare.gov and the drive to expand health-insurance coverage, the administration has quietly devoted slightly more than half of the startup total to date, or nearly $40 billion, to pursuing the reform effort's other major goal, overhauling the health-care delivery system.
Because so little about health reform's costs have been released, the price tags for even financially small parts of the startup, such as healthcare.gov, have become the subject of sharp dispute.
What we all tend to forget is that there's still about 40% of the ACA that hasn't even been implemented yet. Most of the provisions for business have been delayed until next year or even 2016. The Medicare "doc fix" has been put off. And the ticking bomb of those grandfathered plans that were originally to be canceled, but temporarily reinstated, may not be offered by all insurance companies this year.
Perhaps most disconcerting of all, is the inability of the government to monitor and track the spending for the ACA. And apparenty what numbers they do release are bogus.
The Congressional Budget Office no longer scores Obamacare because the president has altered the law so massively. In truth, we have no idea how much this monstrosity is going to cost us over the next decade. Last report was $2.1 trillion. I would imagine that number has ballooned since then.
In the end, they remained faithful electors.
Amid protests across the country, members of the Electoral College on Monday formally confirmed Donald Trump as the next president of the United States.
By early Monday evening, the president-elect clinched the 270 electoral votes required to officially win the White House. Hillary Clinton trailed far behind, with 166 votes, including 29 from New York.
“With this historic step we can look forward to the bright future ahead. I will work hard to unite our country and be the President of all Americans. Together, we will make America great again,” Trump said in a statement.
One “faithless elector” in Maine voted for Bernie Sanders instead of Clinton, but his vote was ruled improper and he had to vote for Clinton instead.
“I cast my Electoral College vote for Bernie Sanders today to let those new voters who were inspired by him know that some of us did hear them, did listen to them, do respect them and understand their disappointment,” Maine elector David Bright wrote in a statement on Facebook.
Another elector in Minnesota, Muhammad Abdurrahman, also refused to vote for Clinton, and was replaced by an alternate. A third elector in Colorado, Michael Baca, also declined to vote for Clinton, and was replaced.
So far, no GOP electors have voted against Trump, despite a nationwide movement urging College members to go rogue and cast ballots for another candidate. Chris Suprun, a Texas elector, said he would support John Kasich, the Ohio governor and former GOP presidential candidate, but the vote wasn't expected until later Monday.
In Pennsylvania, protesters made a last-ditch effort to influence electors, screaming, “Vote your conscience” from the House gallery. At least 12 of the Keystone State's 20 electors were given police protection as they voted, the Post Gazette reported.
In Wisconsin, protesters braved frigid temperatures to demonstrate outside the state Capitol, and some chanted “shame” after all 10 electors cast ballots for Trump.
New York's vote in Albany was a solemn affair.
Former President Bill Clinton, who cast a ballot of his wife, said afterward, “I was never prouder to cast a vote.”
“I watched her work for two years. I watched her battle that bogus email deal … She prevailed against it all,” he said. “Then in the end we had the Russians and the FBI deal. She couldn't prevail against that.”
In the weeks before the historic vote, Democratic advocates waged an aggressive campaign by email, snail mail and social media to get electors to switch their vote against Trump. Some Electoral College members were even victims of cyber-bullying and received death threats.
The unusually-high activity surrounding the Electoral College vote was part of a systematic effort to change the normally formal affair into something more fluid — and tip the outcome of November's election away from Trump, who amassed 306 electoral votes in his stunning win over his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. She ended up with 232 electoral votes.
A host of B- and C-list celebrities, led by Martin Sheen, even teamed up to beg Republican electors to be “heroes” and vote against Trump.
Former Senator Scott Brown, a Trump surrogate and a frontrunner to be the next head of the Veterans Affairs, called it an effort to “undermine this president-elect and all of the folks that have supported him.”
see also Washington state electors go rogue The electors in Washington state have spoken, giving eight Electoral...
“I take my job as an elector very seriously, and in Pennsylvania, Donald Trump won,” Mary Barket, a Pennsylvania elector, told the Post Gazette.
“So any argument thereafter, especially about the nature of him being a president, is not going to have an effect on me,” she added.
Democrats have questioned whether Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the emails of Clinton campaign staff members affected the election. Some Democratic electors asked for but did not receive an intelligence briefing before casting their votes Monday.
Polling indicates that American voters believe the Electoral College should accept the will of the people, as expressed in the Nov. 8 presidential election. Forty-six percent say electors should vote for the candidate that won their state, while only 34 percent believe electors should be able to vote for someone else.
The electoral votes won't be formally tallied until Jan. 6, when Vice President Joe Biden, before a joint session of Congress, is expected to certify the results.
If no one candidate gets the necessary majority to win the presidency — 270 votes — then the House of Representatives will vote on the next president.
The House, of course, is controlled by the Republicans and would then almost certainly give the election to Trump.
Electors are selected by each state to actually cast ballots for the president in the Electoral College.
Kathy Berman, the wife of ESPN broadcaster Chris Berman, died after being involved in a car accident on Tuesday afternoon, ESPN confirmed in a statement.
“This is a devastating tragedy and difficult to comprehend,” said ESPN president John Skipper. “Chris is beloved by all his ESPN colleagues and for good reason: He has a huge heart and has given so much to so many over the years. We know how much his family means to him and all we can do at a moment like this is give him the love and support he will surely need at this hour. Our thoughts and prayers are with Chris, Meredith, Doug and the entire family.”
According to Connecticut State Police, Berman, 67, was driving a Lexus on Tuesday just after 2 p.m. when it collided with a Ford Escape. The Lexus then went down an embankment and overturned into a body of water. The Escape was driven by 87-year-old Edward Bertulis, who also died as a result of his injuries from the crash.
Article continues below ...
Correction: This article originally stated Bertulis was 89 years old and that Berman's car was a Mercedes.
Services like Netflix are driving U.S. households to cut the cord at an unprecedented rate, and studies suggest that impressive rate won't be slowing anytime soon. The unbreakable bundles, poor customer service and high cost of pay TV packages has made consumers all too eager to ditch their cable and satellite TV services, so it makes sense that cord cutting has exploded now that entertainment is widely available elsewhere.
As if the reasons to loathe pay TV service providers weren't already numerous enough, a recent report sheds new light on a scam that cable and satellite TV companies have been pulling for years. And the worst part is that people have known about it all along, they just never realized how bad it was.
MUST-READ: Windows 10 is spying on almost everything you do – here's how to opt out
If you have ever subscribed to a cable or satellite TV service, you have undoubtedly looked at the set-top box rental fee on your bill and been filled, at least momentarily, with anger. Not only do you have to pay ridiculous rates to watch TV, you have to pay another $5 or $10 or $15 or even more just to rent the box that lets you watch TV.
Make no mistake — this is a scam.
During the lifetime of an account, these ridiculous cable box rental fees cover the value of a box multiple times over, and then subscribers still have to return the boxes when they cancel their service or move, lest they want to pay a huge penalty that typically costs several hundred dollars.
While it's easy to glance over your monthly rental fee, curse your pay TV provider under your breath, and move on, how much are you actually paying each year to rent these tiny boxes packed with slow, buggy software?
According to a new study commissioned by Senators Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and reported on by The Washington Post, American households pay on average $231 each year in set-top box rental fees to service providers like Comcast, Time Warner Cable and Cablevision.
“Consumers should not be forced to rent video boxes from their pay-TV provider in perpetuity,” Senator Markey told the paper.
According to the study's findings, the average household in the U.S. rents 2.6 set-top boxes from their pay TV providers, which charge an average of $7.43 per month in rental fees for each box.
In typical fashion, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association issued a ridiculous statement in response to the study.
“In today's competitive video marketplace, American consumers have a growing number of choices of video providers and ways to access video content on multiple devices in and out of the home,” the cable lobbyist group said. “Retail devices including TiVo, Roku and Apple TV have been purchased by tens of millions of consumers.”
In other words, feel free to cancel your service if you don't want to burn $231 each year on outrageous fees. Actually, that's not such a bad idea after all…
Carly Fiorina says some, well, interesting things while waiting to go on camera.
In 2010, the then-GOP Senate nominee went all middle-school-cafeteria on her Democratic opponent's hairdo. “God, what is that hair? Sooo yesterday,” Fiorina, already miked up, commented, quoting an aide's assessment. Two years earlier, in the makeup room at ABC's “This Week” with me, Fiorina said something that, at the time, was mildly interesting, but is now revelatory. It was May 2008, close to the end of the long primary battle between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, and we were discussing the two Democratic contenders.
At which point Fiorina, then a campaign surrogate for presumptive GOP nominee John McCain, offered some unprompted praise for Clinton: If Fiorina hadn't been backing McCain, she told me, she would have been for Clinton.
“That's off the record,” Fiorina immediately added.
Here is a pause for a discussion of journalism ethics. The commonly understood rule governing when quotations are not for the record requires the source to state that position in advance, so that the reporter can agree to the limitation or not.
As veteran editor Norman Pearlstine wrote in a useful set of journalistic guidelines: “We do not allow sources to change the ground rules governing specific quotations after the fact. Once a quote is on the record, it remains there.”
The Post's style guide cautions that “inexperienced sources — usually ordinary people who unexpectedly find themselves the news — should clearly understand that you are a reporter and should not be surprised to find themselves quoted in the newspaper.”
The first female chief executive of a Fortune 100 company and an authorized surrogate for a presidential nominee does not count as an inexperienced source. I didn't challenge Fiorina at the time and didn't use her comments because they didn't strike me as newsworthy enough: By that point, Clinton was clearly not going to be the Democratic nominee.
Now is different, for two reasons. First, Fiorina's praise of Clinton then contradicts her attacks on Clinton now. Second, Fiorina is no longer a surrogate; she's a candidate, for the highest office in the land.
At the time, Fiorina's comments were surprising but not entirely outlandish. She and Clinton had been two prominent jousters at the glass ceiling. Fiorina was on a mission to woo Clinton voters for McCain. She was outspoken on issues of gender equity, questioning why many health plans covered erectile dysfunction drugs but not birth-control pills and, in the process, embarrassing her own candidate, who had voted twice against requiring insurers to cover contraceptives.
The month after our ABC encounter, Fiorina declared her “great admiration and respect for Hillary Clinton and her candidacy and leadership.”
Compare that with Fiorina today. “Throughout this campaign, I have repeatedly asked Hillary Clinton to name an accomplishment,” she wrote in a commentary published on CNN.com. “She has yet to name one.”
Clinton, she added, is “the epitome of a professional political class that has managed a bloated, inept, corrupt federal government for far too long.”
Fiorina's shifting stance on Clinton is striking: She has gone from stealth fan to Public Enemy No. 1 — the (not coincidentally female) face in the crowd who is willing to slam Clinton most ferociously as a lightweight and a liar.
One potential answer: Fiorina once was impressed but became disillusioned with Clinton's performance as secretary of state. But “that was then, this is post-Benghazi” is not an explanation that would sit particularly well with the conservative voters Fiorina is wooing.
Another possible explanation: Fiorina then was busy sucking up to Clinton voters, trying to woo them for McCain. So she got carried away. But this interpretation poses a variation of the classic trial lawyer's question: Which time were you being disingenuous?
Contacted for comment, Fiorina's deputy campaign manager, Sarah Isgur Flores, said, “If Carly had been asked at the end of the Clinton-Obama primary who she would have supported in that race, she would have said Mrs. Clinton. . . . Carly, however, doesn't remember meeting or talking to Ms. Marcus on this or any other subject.”
But the context of that conversation wasn't which of the two Democratic candidates Fiorina preferred. I clearly recall her telling me she would have supported Clinton if McCain weren't running.
Fiorina's political stock, post-debate, is soaring. Her calling card is her willingness — and, perhaps, the freedom her gender bestows — to go after Clinton full-force. This seemed like the right moment to share Fiorina's earlier assessment of the woman she aims to defeat.
Read more from Ruth Marcus's archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.
The Red Sox have announced a three-team trade with the Tigers and White Sox that will send right-handers Jake Peavy and Brayan Villarreal to Boston and shortstop Jose Iglesias to Detroit. The White Sox will receive outfield prospect Avisail Garcia as well as minor league right handers J.B. Wendelken and Francellis Montas and shortstop Cleuluis Rondon.
Peavy, 32, has a 4.28 ERA with 8.6 K/9, 1.9 BB/9 and a 35.2 percent ground-ball rate in 80 innings for the White Sox this season, though he's spent some time on the disabled list with a broken rib. Peavy hasn't had any pitch limitations since returning from the disabled list, however, as he fired 118 pitches in his final start with the White Sox. Advanced metrics like FIP (4.09) and xFIP (3.68) indicate that Peavy has been the recipient of some poor luck. He's more than a rental, as the Red Sox will control him for $14.5MM in 2014.
Villarreal allowed 10 runs in just 4 1/3 innings for the Tigers this season prior to the trade, but he was significantly better in 2012, posting a 2.63 ERA In 54 2/3 innings for the big league club. He averaged 97.1 mph on his heater last season, according to Fangraphs. In 34 1/3 innings at Triple-A Toledo this year, the 26-year-old Villarreal owns a 3.15 ERA with 10.7 K/9 but a troubling 6.8 BB/9 rate.
Iglesias, 23, is hitting .330/.377/.410 in 231 plate appearances for the Red Sox this season. While those numbers look terrific, Iglesias' bat has drawn been questioned, and he's been mired in a dreadful slump of late, hitting .212/.248/.222 with just one extra-base hit in his past 105 plate appearances. However, Baseball America ranked him ninth among Red Sox prospects prior to the season based largely on his glove, calling him perhaps "the best defensive shortstop prospect in the game." In a small sample of 452 1/3 Major League innings at shortstop, Iglesias has 22.2 UZR/150 and grades out as seven runs above average according to The Fielding Bible. He will provide the Tigers with an insurance policy in the event of a Biogenesis suspension for Jhonny Peralta and can take the reins as Detroit's full-time shortstop in 2014 should the club let Peralta depart via free agency.
Baseball America ranked the 22-year-old Garcia as the No. 74 prospect in baseball prior to the season, and he's delivered on that hype at Triple-A Toledo, hitting .382/.414/.549 with five home runs in 152 plate appearances. Garcia has the tools to be an everyday right fielder with average defense and All-Star upside, BA wrote in its preseason scouting report.
Montas, 20, has a 5.70 ERA with 10.1 K/9 and 3.4 BB/9 in 85 1/3 innings for Class-A Greensville this season. He ranked 22nd among Red Sox prospects prior to the season according to Baseball America. BA wrote that Montas "can light up a radar gun" better than anyone in Boston's system, as he regularly touches triple digits with his fastball. Montas flashes plus sliders at times but without consistency, BA adds. Ben Badler of Baseball America tweets that Montas has "freakish arm strength" and misses bats.
Wendelken, also 20, has worked out of the bullpen at Greenville this season. In 64 innings for Greenville, he has a 2.81 ERA with 7.6 K/0 and 2.8 BB/9. The Red Sox selected him in the 13th round of the 2012 draft, and BA noted that he was one of the country's most effective relievers, allowing just one run in 44 innings at Middle Georgia College and reaching 94 mph with his heater.
Baseball America's Ben Badler tweets that Rondon is a very smooth defender at short but offers little with the bat. The 19-year-old Rondon is hitting .277/.328/.353 for short-season Class-A Lowell this season.
Jon Heyman of CBS Sports was the first to report that the Red Sox and White Sox had a deal for Peavy (Twitter link). WEEI.com's Alex Speier first broke the news that it was a three-team trade involving the Tigers, and Danny Knobler of CBS Sports tweeted that Iglesias was going to the Tigers. Bob Nightengale of USA Today was the first to tweet that Garcia was headed to the White Sox. Speier also reported that Rondon would be included in the trade (on Twitter).
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
BY CARLOS CRUZ MOSQUERA
Despite the very clear bourgeois-imperialist motives behind Catalonia's independence, many of us in the diaspora and even in the Global South champion it as if it were revolutionary.
Granted, with words like “self-determination,” “independence” and even “decolonization” being thrown around by liberal mainstream media, the confusion is somewhat permissible. Pictures of police repression against voters and the authoritarian response of the Spanish government adds to this disorientation, provoking knee-jerk impulses of solidarity.
From a global lens, this struggle can hardly be equated to independence, self-determination or decolonization as it is understood by nations oppressed by the worldwide capitalist-imperialist system.
Nowhere has it been said or implied that Catalonia's separation from Spain has an anti-capitalist or anti-imperialist motive. On the contrary, the principle basis for “independence” is that Catalonia, as one of Spain's central economic hubs, gives more to the Spanish state than it gets back.
That is, Catalonia wants to keep a larger share of its capitalist profits to be distributed among its elites and perhaps trickled down to its population as a whole. This position not only breaks with the Marxist understanding of national struggles, which should be class-based in favor of workers. It also breaks with an anti-imperialist and internationalist view of the world.
For those of us of Latin American descent, supporting Catalan “independence” becomes even more conflicting when we view it through a historical lens. Like all of Spain, the wealth that helped catapult Catalonia into a modern and developed region was created in large part thanks to the colonial invasion of Latin America and the subsequent enslavement of its people as well as the looting of its natural resources.
This parasitic relationship to the Global South did not end centuries ago either. Today, Catalonia is very much still involved in exploiting people and resources far from its own regional boundaries. The region alone makes up 20 percent of Spain's GDP, undoubtedly using multinational companies and unfair international relations with oppressed nations for its economic sustainability. Not to mention it is also part of the European Union, the second biggest imperialist economy after the United States, and wishes to continue to be part of the European Union after gaining independence.
MANGO, a Catalonia-based clothing multinational, was one of 29 Western companies that sourced its products from the eight-story factory in Bangladesh, Rana Plaza, which collapsed in 2013. It was also among several companies that refused to compensate the relatives of those who died.
Indeed, it would be absurd to directly blame all Catalans for the vile mode of operation and attitude of one company. Nevertheless, like most citizens of the capitalist core, they do end up benefiting from imperialist economic parasitism in one form or another. Be it through jobs, affordable clothing or through the taxes that these companies give to their governments for public services and social subsidies.
All evidence points to a movement that wishes to benefit and make part of the global capitalist order, rather than break with it. From the corporate and political elites that govern the region, to the working classes who are yet to pronounce themselves in regards to their international position.
When the most exploited layers of Catalan society and the most oppressed sectors of Western Europe denounce global capitalism and its imperialist tentacles, the working classes and the exploited masses of the Global South will be there to support their cause.
Until then, they are at one with the enemy and deserve not an inch of solidarity.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
I Am Not Haram: Being Muslim and Queer No one is haram.
Written by Rima Zalghout
To the world, my identity as a Muslim woman and a queer woman are at odds with each other.
Yet, I am Muslim and queer.
I did not consciously name myself as queer until I was 19. Before that, I grew up with a solid understanding that I found girls pretty – just as beautiful as I found boys – but wrote it off as finding beauty in all of Allah's creatures. The first sincere queer thought I remember having was at 7 when, while watching Sailor Moon, Sailor Neptune and Sailor Uranus were depicted as a lesbian couple. Of course, this was American television in the 1990s, so the sailor scouts became cousins instead—and I was delighted. You see, my mother and father were also cousins, so obviously Sailor Neptune and Sailor Uranus could be together.
Intermingled with these innocent thoughts, I also grew up listening to my family repeat that they'd rather I take off my hijab than be a lesbian. My mother would come home from work and exclaim in disgust about the gay woman who wanted her partner near her in her time of need, or how she told her manager that she did not want to work with the flamboyant male nursing assistant.
Once, after being caught at a co-ed party, my mother gravely told me that a child being gay was a parent's worst nightmare, and what I had done at the time came in a close second.
…I am Muslim and queer.
Callous statements like these indirectly made me feel like I couldn't be Muslim and that I couldn't be queer. It created in me a separation I still struggle to combine, and a lifetime of guilt and difficulty understanding my religion. It also meant that I never outwardly defended anyone in the LGBT community for fear that someone would figure out I was really talking about myself.
I am forced, like many, to keep my life a secret from my family and community on penalty of condemnation or ostracization. Is this to say that queer Muslims are the first group of people to be religiously persecuted? No, of course not. But many Muslims DO live within collectivist cultures, and if they do not, are often rejected by the mosques that may be their only link to other Muslims in a large radius.
And for queer Muslims, the complexities of being understood and accepted by boarder society are even more difficult.
What does this mean? In American culture, there are no true spaces for me. Daily, I read and hear people ridicule the idea that a person can't be Muslim and gay (by nature of the fact that Islam is anti-gay), all the while failing to see the double standard as they discuss their Christian lesbian friend who practices faithfully. Therefore, conversations within the LGBT community are rarely inclusive of queer Muslims. While there are Muslims who have no issues going to bars or clubs, many are uncomfortable or unable to go to these spaces for a variety of reasons. This is, at its core, the issue with approaching queer issues without an intersectional lens.
A few years ago, a man in the Gay Pride parade in San Francisco poked fun at ISIS by recreating their flag but with dildos–and managed to isolate, irritate, and push queer Muslims away from the dialogue that was occurring because the ISIS flag has the words “la ilaha illallah muhammadur rasulullah”, or “There is no God but Allah, and Muhammad is his messenger” – AKA the Muslim shahada, or creed. Obviously, no one has any issues with abusing ISIS and what they stand for, but the lack of courtesy towards queer Muslims only creates a larger divide that is not being addressed.
On a more personal note, I was told my opinions as a queer person of color didn't matter because I was closeted and therefore did not experience being queer as fully as the white gay and out man I was speaking with. The subject? The addition of the black and brown stripes to the pride flag in Philadelphia.
In a private message, I was dismissed and pushed away from the community because I have never had the opportunity to go to Pride or in his so-called LGBTQ spaces, as if I did not create my own spaces in which to have LGBTQ friends, discussions, and develop my sense of self.
I never outwardly defended anyone in the LGBT community for fear that someone would figure out I was really talking about myself.
I was told when I start ‘walking the walk', then I could throw all the shade I wanted (never mind the blind hypocrisy at using AAVE to dismiss me). I was pissed. The LGBTQ movement might not be a ‘race-based group', but he was ignoring the standard fact that discrimination does occur in queer circles, content with the fact that if people of all races joined hands at Pride, that must mean that racism didn't intrude within the LGBTQ movement.
So, I came out on his Facebook wall. Excessive? Maybe. But I refused to let my voice be silenced, especially about a matter that was important to me. It still hurts that I couldn't come out on my own terms, but as a way to stand up against the white cis hegemony in the LGBT community. What pushed me over the edge was when he responded publicly and implied I was straight, called it his community, and tried to dismiss my thoughts as someone overstepping her boundaries.
How do queer Muslims deal?
We have all heard of Muslims who have come out and things have been OK, but for the vast majority of us the idea of “coming out” is one riddled with violence – physical and emotional. Some Muslims are forthright and simply state their truths, disowned by their families and ostracized by their communities as a result.
This uprooting is emotionally and mentally devastating especially within cultures that put a lot of emphasis on the familial structure and are deeply invested in what the community has to say, such as Middle Eastern, South Asian, and African communities, regardless of the individualistic tendencies of the person.
The vast community of queer Muslims opts to keep their true selves hidden. To the public, they live a heterosexual and romantic life or express no interest in marrying at all. In private, if the opportunity is given, their true selves are expressed. The public image and the private truth are kept painfully, sometimes fearfully, apart. It can lead to a sense of dissociation, and a rejection of culture and Islam.
This is dangerous for the mental and physical health of queer Muslims because we are already marginalized by American society. When the rejection happens within our own communities, unlike white queer Americans, there is no solid place to turn to experience our pain in a safe way. For many queer Muslims, a complete rejection of their culture or religion is the only way they feel acceptance into mainstream queer society.
What needs to be done to help queer Muslims avoid extreme experiences? To answer this question, we need to address two groups: the American LGBTQIA+ community and the Muslim-American community.
To the American LGBTQIA+ community:
Inclusivity is key. The queer liberation cannot just be from a white, cis and male point of view. First and foremost, queer folk cannot use Islamophobic rhetoric as the forefront of their fight against anti-LGBT discrimination. As one of my friends put it, “Not all Muslims are beheading queer folk and perpetuating that stereotype is really damaging to queer Muslims everywhere”. This means introducing more nuanced ideas into what it means to be queer and what the real face of the queer liberation front probably looks like.
It is important to recognize that just because a queer person is not out and proud does not mean that their voices are not as valid. We do not need to ‘put on our rainbow boots', or be at every event to be able to express valid opinions and be part of the LGBT community, nor should we be looked down on because some of us choose to stay in the closet. This sets a dangerous precedent of making it so there is only “one right kind of gay”, and pushes Muslims out, but also others who can't access these spaces (such as disabled queer folk).
More effort in creating events that allow Muslims to enter the space and have a voice is essential. Rather than talk over Muslims, pass the mic and listen to what our needs are.
To the Muslim-American community:
Anti-gay rhetoric is widely spread among religious leaders and scholars of Abrahamic faiths. To embrace that footnote ideology is a disservice to countless men, women, and genderqueer folk, including myself.
You MUST end the reoccurring rhetoric of ‘hate the sin, love the sinner'. This is violence. The idea that it is the job of queer Muslims to withhold their own lives for the sake of your bigoted comfort level is ludicrous. Further, you must encourage queer-bashing to end within mosques and be open to dialogue. Muslims are as diverse as the number of Muslims that exist and to deny a weighted part of the population their right to exist and to surround them with hateful and violent rhetoric can only lead to violent hate crimes and “othering”. No person should be forced to choose between being queer and being Muslim.
After all, we are not haram.
No one is haram.
Donated by: Rafael Nadal
Bid now on this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to watch champion tennis player, Rafael Nadal practice for 1 hour. After you see him training, you will have the opportunity to play with him for 30 minutes during a private lesson.
Champion tennis player, Rafael Nadal is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time. Nadal has won 11 Grand Slam singles titles, the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles and a record 19 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments. He completed the career Grand Slam by winning the 2010 US Open, being the seventh player in history, and the youngest, to achieve it.
Unless you find yourself in the finals of an upcoming Grand Slam, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to play with "The King of Clay."
Proceeds of this item will be split between the Forever Dream Foundation and Rafael Nadal Foundation
In a snapshot Micky Ward has had one of the more interesting boxing careers and indeed lives that one could imagine. Let's start with his family. He seems to have around 45 sisters and a mother that doubled as his manager plus two dads.
His step brother Dicky Eklund boxed Sugar Ray Leonard, was a drug and alcohol addict and spent time behind bars. Micky himself dabbled with drink and drugs whilst at the same time fighting at a world level with numerous injuries before having a Hollywood film based on his life story starring a great friend of his, Mark Wahlberg.
Sadly however, the book doesn't harness all of this into a particularly interesting format. I get that his life was scattered and he is nice guy but the book reads exactly like that and it makes for a bit of rudderless ship.
Micky gives us little more than explaining he had a dysfunctional family, but he dealt with it. He lost a lot of fights that maybe he shouldn't have, but he dealt with it. He had to wait a long time to get a big title shot, but he dealt with it.
He fell out with his girlfriend, but he dealt with it. And so on. Yawn.
Even the boxing, which in reality was exceptional, comes across a little dull. Of the 300 pages, only around 50 are dedicated to his fights and given he fought amazing fights against Arturo Gatti three times, Shea Neary, Emmanuel Augustus and a brilliant comeback victory against Alfonso Sanchez you would have thought there would be more in here.
I think Micky just gets down to brass tacks; his brother it seems is the story-teller but had the much less interesting life.
Micky is a nice guy and a great warrior but he isn't a great story-teller. I remember reading the autobiography of Carl Froch and thought the same thing, other people need to tell this story and Micky has a great one to tell.
To be honest, watch The Fighter instead, it is much more worthy of the story of Micky Ward and tells it much better.
To be honest when they got together Micky Ward and his brother Dick got the best out of each other, they needed to do this for the book too.
Arturo Gatti vs Micky Ward III (Highlights)
Micky Ward vs Arturo Gatti (Fight of the Year – Round of the Century)
There is no legitimate defense of the Trump presidency and the hour is getting late for Republican members of Congress to prove they value country over party. Those who are standing by him as well as those who are attempting to move the conversation on their agenda forward without renouncing him are worse than complicit.
Donald Trump has shown that he is indifferent to American values such as rule of law, he openly provides support for hate groups that should be unequivocally condemned, and he is actively involved in covering up and trivializing Russian meddling in the last election.
At this point, Republicans must either break completely with Trump or admit that they have joined the dark side. Politics is often murky. Shades of grey abound. One can vote against a bill called the “Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001” or “USA PATRIOT Act” and still be a patriot.
In furtherance of their long-standing interest in cutting the size of the welfare state, Republicans can even vote against funding disaster relief without such a choice being extraordinary, even if it can lead to bad optics.
But given how much damage I think Trump has inflicted on the country and the danger he could pose, politics is rapidly becoming black and white. Efforts by Republican politicians to create distance between themselves and the Republican president through nuanced responses to his latest outrage are no longer adequate.
Some Republican members of Congress hope that Trump's actions and words will be downplayed by the media and by the voters as just the antics of an outsider pandering to his base. Marginalizing Trump, insisting that “The president speaks for himself” rather than the American people, cannot remove the stink that settles on those near him.
Analogies to Hitler and the German transition to fascism under the Nazis, however appropriate, arguably come with too much baggage. Besides, voters ignored historians when they tried to warn the country about Trump. But Star Wars works as an analogy.
In the original trilogy, whenever a stormtrooper appeared there was no need to inquiry into the extent of their loyalty to the Empire. The helmet and white armor said all that needed to be said. The audience did not have to ask if that particular stormtrooper had crafted a better health care system for the Republic or how they stood on how distant star systems should be taxed.
The helmet alone was enough to cue the audience into the fact that they were there to defend Darth Vader and to destroy the freedom-loving rebels. We do not have the John Williams' score to announce that particular politicians are on the dark side, that they have allowed their ambition and love of party trump their higher obligations to country, but if you listen closely to the angst among Republicans you can nevertheless hear traces of the score. Just as his own family is trying to figure out how to avoid being permanently tainted by their proximity to the president, here seems to be subtle awareness among Republican members of Congress that the stormtrooper helmet they are donning might soon silence their independent voice and swallow their whole identity.
There are alarms sounding everywhere. A Yale historian warns, “If Republicans do not wish to be remembered (and forgotten) like the German conservatives of the 1930s, they had better find their courage — and their conservatism — fast.”
Lawfare's Ben Wittes and Jane Chong write, “The time for musing has passed. It's now time to begin a serious conversation about the impeachment and removal of President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE by opening a formal impeachment inquiry.” The alarm bells are ringing from all quarters. Liberals and conservatives alike are sounding the alarm.
The Wall Street Journal, hardly the poster-child for the liberal media that Trump attacks as Fake News, noted that Trump was harming “his Presidency with his seemingly endless stream of exaggerations, evidence-free accusations, implausible denials and other falsehoods.”
Nothing has changed since George Will argued, “So, it is up to the public to quarantine this presidency by insistently communicating to its elected representatives a steady, rational fear of this man whose combination of impulsivity and credulity render him uniquely unfit to take the nation into a military conflict.”
These are not the words of those still upset about the past election, these are the words of serious people (people who would not liken Republican politicians to stormtroopers) who are legitimately concerned about the future of the country under the leadership of a uniquely bad and problematic president.
Even if the public as a whole is easily distracted and has not yet fully heard these alarm bells, politicians cannot pretend to not hear them. Protecting the country is part of their job and must take priority even over advancing aspects of the conservative agenda that are still viable now that health care reform failed. Anti-immigrant efforts, corporate tax breaks, and cuts to the social safety net must wait.
The country cannot afford apathy or indifference to the ways Trump is undermining our democracy. The news cycle will of course continue and there will be events that demand our attention in much the way Hurricane Harvey demands our humanity.
But even as the news cycles from one crisis to another, politicians and the public must not lose sight of the larger picture. Congress is the entity best positioned to check the president and it is time for Republicans to join in resisting the president lest history rightly characterizes them as little more than stormtroopers for Trump.
There is nothing new to calling out Trump and highlighting Republican complicity, but if politicians are going to stand up for the country there needs to be a drumbeat of columns, calls, and protests.
Ezra Rosser is a law professor at American University Washington College of Law. You can follow him on Twitter @EzraRosser.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
“Now it's been very deft politically,” he said. “But one of the things that I firmly believe is that we've got to be clear with the American people right now about the important choices that we're going to need to make in order to get a mandate for change, not to try to obfuscate and avoid being a target in the general election.”
For months, Democrats, including some within Mr. Obama's campaign, have questioned whether his promise to pursue a brand of politics that transcended partisanship had so handcuffed him that he could not compete in the most partisan of arenas.
Alan D. Solomont, a former contributor to both Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton who is now raising money for Mr. Obama in Boston, said there was a growing consensus that Mr. Obama had to ratchet up his intensity and draw sharper distinctions with Mrs. Clinton, of New York, and other rivals.
“The only way that he's going to be able to be clear with the American people,” Mr. Solomont said in an interview, “is to draw a distinction between his candidacy and his ideas about change and those of other candidates. It's fair to say that he is beginning to do that, but he hasn't done enough yet.”
In the interview, Mr. Obama, of Illinois, acknowledged that he had held back until now, though he asserted it was a calculated decision to introduce himself in early voting states before engaging opponents. At times, he said, he has taken lines out of speeches prepared by his campaign that he felt were “stretching the truth.”
But Mr. Obama said the plan had always been for him to begin taking on Mrs. Clinton more directly in the fall. And he glared and said no when asked if he lacked the stomach for confrontational politics. “It is absolutely true that we have to make these distinctions clearer,” he said. “And I will not shy away from doing that.”
A test of just how far Mr. Obama is willing to go should come Tuesday night, when Democrats meet for a nationally televised debate in Philadelphia. [In a campaign statement issued Saturday in Iowa, Mr. Obama asserted that Mrs. Clinton had “repeatedly dodged opportunities to reveal her thinking about the best way to strengthen Social Security.”]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The interview came amid growing signs that Mr. Obama was looking for a fresh start for his campaign after nine months in which his aides said they were startled by the effectiveness of Mrs. Clinton's campaign, and worried that her support was not as brittle as they had once believed.
Mr. Obama has built up his campaign war room, occasionally traveling with a speechwriter — reflecting concern of his aides that his public speeches tend to be long-winded — and begun spending more money on television advertising in Iowa and New Hampshire.
His senior aides said they were now spending much of their days fielding calls from concerned donors and other supporters asking why Mr. Obama was not challenging Mrs. Clinton more forcefully and warning that he could cede the role of the main anti-Clinton candidate to former Senator John Edwards of North Carolina, who is running an aggressive campaign in Iowa. Typically, one aide said, the supporter asks some version of the same question: “What happened to the Obama we saw at the 2004 Democratic convention?”
At the same time, aides said there was disagreement in the campaign about whether he should now begin investing all his time in Iowa, where polls show him to be running neck-and-neck with Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Edwards, hoping that a victory there would give him a lift in New Hampshire, where polls show him trailing.
Morale at his Chicago headquarters, aides said, has been dragged down by the perception that Mrs. Clinton is lapping Mr. Obama. And aides said that they had been struggling for weeks for a balance between offering a contrast with Mrs. Clinton and avoiding the anger that they said had marked Mr. Edwards's candidacy.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In a 53-minute interview over a breakfast of boiled eggs (he ate only the egg whites), aboard a chartered jet that brought him here from Chicago, Mr. Obama said Mrs. Clinton had been untruthful or misleading in describing her positions on problems facing the nation. He accused her of “straddling between the Giuliani, Romney side of the foreign policy equation and the Barack Obama side of the equation.” He said that she was trying to “sound or vote” like a Republican on national security issues and that her approach was “bad for the country and ultimately bad for Democrats.”
Mr. Obama suggested that she was too divisive to win a general election and that if she won, she would be unable to bring together competing factions in Washington to accomplish anything.
“There is a legacy that is both an enormous advantage to her in a Democratic primary, but also a disadvantage to her in a general election,” he said. “I don't think anybody would claim that Senator Clinton is going to inspire a horde of new voters. I don't think it's realistic that she is going to get a whole bunch of Republicans to think differently about her.”
Asked about Mr. Obama's remarks, Mrs. Clinton's spokesman, Howard Wolfson, said, “Senator Obama once promised Americans a politics of hope. But now that his campaign has stalled he is abandoning that strategy and is engaging in the same old-style personal attacks that he once rejected.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We are confident,” Mr. Wolfson added, “that voters will reject this strategy, especially from a candidate who told us he would do better.”
Mr. Obama said he was not concerned by a repeated spate of national polls showing lopsided support for Mrs. Clinton. “The national press for the last three months has written glowingly about her and not so much about me, so it's not surprising,” he said. He described himself as an “underdog” running against a campaign that has “a 20-year head start when it comes to managing the spin of the national politics.”
Many people are only beginning to focus on the race now, and early front-runners can stumble when the voting starts. But the Obama campaign has faced a political narrative in recent weeks that even Mr. Obama's aides have described, in no small part because of a succession of polls, as establishing Mrs. Clinton as the front-runner. In one small example, a member of Mr. Obama's national finance committee, Robert Farmer, told the campaign this week that he was formally switching allegiances to the Clinton campaign. Mr. Farmer has contributed money to five Democratic presidential candidates this year, including the maximum amount allowed to Mr. Obama, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Edwards.
Though Mr. Obama's criticisms of Mrs. Clinton were sharper than he has voiced during this campaign, they were, nonetheless, still somewhat restrained, certainly when compared with the criticisms that have been voiced of Mrs. Clinton by Mr. Edwards and much of the Republican field.
Mr. Obama rejected the suggestion that he had been constrained in taking on Mrs. Clinton more forcefully because of his promise, at the start of the campaign, to avoid the bitter partisanship of past campaigns. Mr. Obama, who aides suggested might be spending too much time reading blogs and newspaper clippings about the campaign, dismissively noted how the Clinton campaign regularly raised that line against him.
“I've been amused by seeing some of the commentary out of the Clinton camp, where every time we point out a difference between me and her, they say, ‘What happened to the politics of hope?' which is just silly,” he said, laughing.
Asked why it was silly, he responded: “The notion that somehow changing the tone means simply that we let them say whatever they want to say or that there are no disagreements and that we're all holding hands and singing ‘Kumbaya' is obviously not what I had in mind and not how I function. And anybody who thinks I have hasn't been paying attention.”
That said, Mr. Obama and his campaign have until now frequently avoided potential confrontations. His aides said, for example, that they had declined an invitation from some networks to appear on Sunday morning talk shows after Mrs. Clinton the day she appeared on five in one day to talk about her health care plan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Despite the problems facing his campaign and the concern being voiced by donors and supporters, Mr. Obama projected a relaxed air of confidence throughout the interview.
As his chartered plane landed in Columbus and taxied across the tarmac, he leaned forward in his leather captain's chair and finished the interview with an inquiry of his own.
“So,” he said, “give me some gossip about the Republicans.”
Heinz-Christian Strache (R). Photo: APA/Harald Schneider, Herbert P. Oczeret
The right-wing Freedom Party (FPÖ) has said it wants to be able to “counter Islamist tendencies” in Vienna's kindergartens.
Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache was re-elected as Vienna's state party chairman on Sunday and has put fighting radical Islam, crime on the U-Bahn network, and immigration top of his agenda.
In a speech at the Hofburg he said that religious education at kindergarten level needed to be carefully monitored “to counteract dangerous currents”.
According to statistics sourced by the FPÖ 43 percent of teachers responsible for Islamic religious education are against democracy and are in favour of introducing Sharia law. Five percent of Muslim students would consider joining jihad fighters in Syria and Iraq, and 66 percent of Muslims believe that women should not work, regardless of their education.
“We need to find out which kindergartens and schools are committed to a violent ideology and and may be sending young Muslims off to fight alongside Isis terrorists abroad,” a parliamentary motion tabled by the FPÖ said. The FPÖ also wants to ban “jihadist symbols” and threaten Isis sympathizers with “instant citizenship loss”.
The party said local communities should be consulted before mosques are built, as they should be considered sensitive projects “in the face of the world situation”, and that they attract large crowds of people which results in an increase in noise and traffic.
Looking ahead to the Vienna state elections in 2015 Strache said it was “time for a change” and that the FPÖ must aim to win between 30 and 40 percent of the vote in order to force the current red-green coalition out.
Truly Stupid Ideas: Adding DRM To HTML5
from the it-burns dept
You would have thought by now that people would understand that DRM is not only a bad idea, but totally unnecessary: Apple dropped DRM from music downloads in 2009 and seems to be making ends meet. Despite these obvious truths, the stupidity that is DRM continues to spread. Here, for example, is a particularly stupid example of DRM stupidity, as revealed by Manu Sporny: A few days ago, a new proposal was put forward in the HTML Working Group (HTML WG) by Microsoft, Netflix, and Google to take DRM in HTML5 to the next stage of standardization at W3C. After all, this is exactly what Web users have been crying out for: "just give us DRM for the Web, and our lives will be complete...."
Sporny runs through some technical reasons why this is doomed to failure -- little things like sending decryption keys in the clear -- and points out the awful re-balkanization of the Web that it would cause: The EME [Encrypted Media Extensions] specification does not specify a DRM scheme in the specification, rather it explains the architecture for a DRM plug-in mechanism. This will lead to plug-in proliferation on the Web. Plugins are something that are detrimental to inter-operability because it is inevitable that the DRM plugin vendors will not be able to support all platforms at all times. So, some people will be able to view content, others will not. He also notes a fundamental problem with the following Use Case for the proposed technology: What use cases does this support?
Everything from user-generated content to be shared with family (user is not an adversary) to online radio to feature-length movies. That clearly implies that when people are not sharing their own content with family and friends, then they are indeed adversaries: This "user is not an adversary" text can be found in the first question about use cases. It insinuates that people that listen to radio and watch movies online are potential adversaries. As a business owner, I think that's a terrible way to frame your customers.
Thinking of the people that are using the technology that you're specifying as "adversaries" is also largely wrong. 99.999% of people using DRM-based systems to view content are doing it legally. The folks that are pirating content are not sitting down and viewing the DRM stream, they have acquired a non-DRM stream from somewhere else, like Mega or The Pirate Bay, and are watching that. This is the fundamental reason why DRM is doomed and should be discarded: the only people it annoys are the ones who have tried to support creators by acquiring legal copies. How stupid is that?
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+
Filed Under: drm, html5
If you previously wrote off Pebble smartwatches for their limited functionality, you might want to start paying attention again. The latest Pebble firmware adds new fitness- and sleep-tracking features, while also making it easier to send text messages from a paired iPhone.
On the fitness side, Pebble Time smartwatches can now automatically detect long walks and runs. From the Pebble Timeline, users can see how long the exercise lasted, how far they travelled, and how many calories they burned.
Sleep tracking is also getting better with a smart wakeup feature in Pebble's Alarms app. Users who wear their watches to sleep can get buzzed during a light sleep cycle, up to 30 minutes before their scheduled wakeup time.
Both the sleep and fitness data now feed into detailed overviews in Pebble's iOS and Android apps. A dedicated Pebble Health section provides graphs on daily, weekly, and monthly activity, along with detailed looks at individual exercises.
As for text messaging, Pebble Time watches now have a “send text” app for paired iPhones, similar to the one that arrived on Android in February. This allows for either canned messages or voice dictation. Just one catch: You can only send text messages from an iPhone with AT&T or Verizon, as Pebble has made arrangements with those carriers to handle SMS directly. Apple's restrictions on iOS don't allow Pebble to tap into the iPhone's Messages app.
Most of the new features are only available on the Pebble's second-generation watches, which include the $150 Pebble Time, $250 Pebble Time Steel, and $200 Pebble Time Round. For original Pebble and Pebble Steel owners, the latest firmware adds the ability to respond to SMS or phones calls by text, but that's about it.
Why this matters: Pebble is still the underdog of the smartwatch business, and has been going through tough times as venture funding dries up, but that hasn't stopped the product from getting a lot more useful. In recent months, Pebble improved its sleep tracking (with nap support), added custom vibration patterns, allowed watch faces to show fitness data, and tied Pebble Health into Google Fit and Apple's HealthKit systems. It's starting to feel like a more complete smartwatch platform, and a fine alternative to heavyweights like the Apple Watch if you'd rather have long battery life (or a much slimmer design than most smartwatches) and an always-on display.
About 2,400 customers at risk, officials say
1,000 get shots after pizza place employee gets hepatitis
More than 1,000 people have been vaccinated against hepatitis A after a Charlotte pizza place employee was hospitalized with the disease, according to health officials.Health officials in Mecklenburg and Cabarrus counties are urging anyone who ordered or ate a pizza from the Papa John's on Cambridge Commons Drive between March 28 and April 7 to get the vaccine. Free clinics have been giving shots throughout the weekend, and health officials say they have already vaccinated more than 1,000 people. Hepatitis A is a virus that attacks the liver and can cause nausea, vomiting and jaundice. Officials estimate 2,400 customers ordered pizza during the period. The restaurant has been thoroughly cleaned and remains open.
More than 1,000 people have been vaccinated against hepatitis A after a Charlotte pizza place employee was hospitalized with the disease, according to health officials.
Health officials in Mecklenburg and Cabarrus counties are urging anyone who ordered or ate a pizza from the Papa John's on Cambridge Commons Drive between March 28 and April 7 to get the vaccine.
Advertisement
Free clinics have been giving shots throughout the weekend, and health officials say they have already vaccinated more than 1,000 people.
Hepatitis A is a virus that attacks the liver and can cause nausea, vomiting and jaundice.
Officials estimate 2,400 customers ordered pizza during the period.
The restaurant has been thoroughly cleaned and remains open.
AlertMe
So what's stopping miners from making changes, even though they are sometimes incentivized, as a group, to do so? The answer is: full nodes. But bitcoin is kind of difficult to explain. So allow me instead to use the metaphor of fake news .
So we see that under some circumstances , it could make sense for the miners to disobey the rules. And these days we are finding ourselves in a similar situation, in fact — some miners wish to change the rules and mine bigger blocks. Everyone agrees that bigger blocks will hurt decentralization to a certain extent. But some users and developers believe this is a huge risk, while many miners and other users calculate that this risk is negligible. The miners' incentives to make bigger blocks are big enough to make them want to force changing the rules, yet the opponents are strong enough to make that an issue.
Let's say 75% of miners decide they wish to bring the block reward back to 25 bitcoins. They get the best analysts they can find, and get a prediction that doing so will cause many users to lose trust in the system. The value of bitcoin would be expected plummet from $1000 USD, to $600. The thing is, this still leaves the scheming miners in profit — the price of bitcoin took a 40% hit, but the miner reward doubled. Instead of 12.5 * $1000 = $12,500, they'd be making 25 * $600 = $15000. That's a 20% increase in revenue!
Some think that what keeps miners in check are the other miners. If one miner build an invalid block, the rest of the miners will ignore it, and the attacker will lose out. It's true to an extent, but what if a lot of miners collude to change the rules? Popular belief says that if miners try to change critical rules, like the 21 million caps, bitcoin will lose its value. Due to this, it is assumed, it's in the best interest of miners to avoid doing so. This isn't always correct, though. Here's an example:
But what's enforcing those rules? If they're nothing but lines of code on a miner's (or miner pool's) client, what's to stop them from changing them? What's to stop a miner from producing a block that awards her with 25 bitcoins, instead of 12.5? Well, it's not the “magic of cryptography”. In theory, any miner could do that. What's stopping them, is that they'll get punished — their peers will reject the block, and the block's miner will lose its reward altogether.
There's a popular belief that miners are somehow “forced” by the “power of math” to follow the “laws of bitcoin”. This is false. The rules that make bitcoin what it is, its consensus rules, are hard-coded into node software like Bitcoin Core. And there's nothing special about them! They're just lines of code, which mean things like “the block reward halves every 4 years”, and “coins can't be created out of thin air”. There's also one that says “blocks must not contain more than 1 MB of data”
But just like in politics, in order for this system of checks and balances to work, people must be aware of it. In this post I will try to explain the balance of power between miners, users, and node operators. There are many other subjects to cover, and if this post is useful (let me know by clicking the 💚 at the bottom of this post!), I'd love to make this “primer” a series.
The problem with understanding Bitcoin is, it's too easy to get obsessed with the tech. We keep getting told that the technology behind bitcoin “secures” our coins somehow. That it uses “cryptographic proofs” and “algorithms” to make things “decentralized”. Actually, the biggest innovation in Bitcoin is a social, game-theoretic one. Signing transactions with cryptographic keys to prove ownership isn't a new idea. The thing that is new, is the aligning of incentives so that everyone profits by doing their part.
With the community locked in a tiring debate for a while now, we failed to notice an important milestone. We finally grew out of our old explanations, meant to introduce newcomers. Things like “Bitcoin is a digital currency”, or “A decentralized ledger”. We are now a more mature community, with many more members than before. And it might be the time to put more emphasis on educating long-time bitcoiners, than newbies. Because if we're not all clear on the details of how (and why) things work, it's going to be hard to consolidate on a single path forwards.
In my previous post , there was a hidden confession. I've been active in the Bitcoin space for quite a while now, and always felt well-versed in its technicalities. But I only recently realized what it actually was .
During the last presidential campaign, liberals and parts of the mainstream media were blaming social networks, mostly Facebook, for allowing “fake news” to spread — mainly stories that were plain lies, describing events that never happened. They claimed Facebook has a responsibility to make sure lies aren't represented as truth on their platform. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the use of that term has since been turned on its head, and is used mostly by Trump supporters to describe supposedly unfair representation by the media. The problem of “figuring out the truth” is what bitcoin set out to solve. Allow me to explain.
So let's consider an imaginary parliament in the future Republic of Liberland. The members of that parliament are elected by the citizens of Liberland, in order to represent them in making the laws that everyone should live by. These laws are what makes modern society tick, so this is important. So laws are passed, and they are open for everyone to review and comment on, and everyone is happy.
But what happens when a powerful member of parliament decides to avoid paying his taxes? The agreed upon laws are very clear on the subject of taxes, but what's to stop politicians from cheating? Citizens can't go over each other's tax forms just to make sure they are correct.
So citizens have two mechanisms that can help here. The first is that other politicians, which are also powerful, would love to see their rivals fail. So if they happen to stumble upon information that proves that another member of parliament is breaking the law, they are likely to do something about it. This is like miners that are expected to ignore invalid blocks, increasing their own chances to find a valid block.
But revealing the wrongdoings of colleagues is not always in the best interest of politicians! Sometimes they make deals that would make it worth it for them to keep their mouths shut. As we discussed before, this could also be true for miners, under certain circumstances.
The second mechanism to protect the citizens, is the media. The media is (supposedly) incentivized to always seek the truth. They are able to parse and understand all of society's laws, and then reveal anyone not following them. This can work well, but as we all know it is proving more and more difficult to tell if media outlets (and which ones) are truly “seeking the truth”. Some are claiming that the media is giving a hard time to some politicians, not because these politicians are breaking the law, but because it's in the best interest of some news conglomerates to take them down. So how can an honest citizen figure out the truth anymore?
The Bitcoin Solution
Bitcoin solves this problem in a different way. It gives up the notion that some group, like “the media”, can be somehow incentivized to seek the truth for users. Instead, it's the users' job to seek the truth for themselves. They do this by becoming validating full nodes.
The laws of bitcoin, unlike the laws of Liberland, are extremely simplified. There's a very small set of things that's possible to do at all in Bitcoinland. And that's a good thing, because that makes it easy for computers to validate them automatically. So now a full node can validate the entire history of all things that ever happened in Bitcoinland. If it finds something illegal along the way, it will refuse to trust that version of reality, and everything that supposedly occurred later.
It will ignore that chain, and will find another one that is valid. And that'll be the only one that's considered the truth for that node, even if there's another, illegal chain, that has more mining power backing it.
And that's what's keeping miners honest. They understand that people with vested economic interest in the Bitcoin project, will be validating their incoming transactions with their own full nodes. If a miner tries to cheat along the way, he'll be ignored — even if other miners try to support him. And they all risk losing their mining rewards — which is why they'll avoid trying to cheat altogether.
But running a node is difficult!
Some people feel that running a full node is too hard. So they use block explorers like blockchain.info (or wallets that use such block explorers) as their source of truth. This is kind of similar to trusting the media for everything you think about the world. It might be easier when there's not a lot at stake, but I think it's irresponsible. Especially when transacting significant amounts. Ask any cryptocurrency exchange if they're OK with trusting someone else as their source of truth, or if they prefer to be running their own full nodes. If the big players don't trust centralized block explorers, why should you?
There's also the misconception that you have to accept incoming connections on your full node (the famous “more than 8 connections” rule) in order to be useful to the network. If you accept incoming connections, you'll help with distributing the block chain to other nodes. But it turns out this isn't very important, as it's trivial for others to do so, and it's not really required that home users help. What's important is that as many users as possible will use their own nodes to validate their own incoming transactions, in order to keep the balance of power in bitcoin. You don't even need to use Bitcoin Core's wallet for that — some mobile wallets, like GreenBits, can securely connect to your full node at home and use it to validate your transactions.
Full Nodes and Colu
In Colu, we are helping to build the community around Colored Coins, an open protocol built on top of Bitcoin for issuing and transferring digital currencies. Colored Coins differ from Bitcoin in that full nodes have even more power — Bitcoin miners don't validate Colored Coins transactions at all, and it's solely the job of full nodes to do that — making the Colored Coins protocol even more decentralized than Bitcoin in some respects.
While it's already possible to run your own Colored Coins full node, it's not yet as easy as we would like it to be. We want to make sure that there are as many people as possible that run their own nodes and secure the network — and as a bonus, a full Colored Coins node is a full Bitcoin node as well! This is why we're making running a Colored Coins full node much simpler and much less resource-intensive than it was in the past.
In the past, Colored Coins was a generic offering for “digital assets” on the blockchain, but we are gearing up to release more details about our updated vision for Colored Coins, as the backend allowing economies of all sizes to issue their own currencies. You'll be hearing more about our updated full node and how it fits into this larger idea in the near future.
We also believe that Bitcoin Core, as the reference implementation of the Bitcoin full node and consensus rules, is extremely important for the ecosystem. We think that companies in the space should be doing more to support it. We'll be sharing more information on how we‘re going to contribute to Bitcoin Core very soon.
If you liked this post, click the💚 below so other people will see it on Medium!
We are back with another TOJ New York Jets film breakdown. Check out previous editions right here. On to the #tape…
The Good
Savvy Scheming
The New York Jets have offensive limitations due to their quarterback and lack of a proven lead receiver. Offensive Coordinator John Morton has consistently been creative with his route combinations to ease up the Jets ability to move the football and pick up chunks of yardage. The types of plays designed below put less stress on Josh McCown and the receiver group.
On 2nd and 10, the Jets put Robby Anderson, their fastest receiver at Z meaning he is off the line of scrimmage and can go in motion before the snap. Jermaine Kearse tightens his split on the opposite of the formation. Both Kearse and Austin Seferian-Jenkins run inside breaking routes, creating a natural rub route against the Patriots man coverage. You can tell it is man coverage because the Patriots defense tracks Anderson across the formation. The Jets quickly release the ball on Anderson's speed out, allowing him enough space to utilize his speed, turn the corner and pick up 16 yards.
Later in the game, the Jets split Matt Forte out as a wide receiver. He lines up in a stack formation behind Jermaine Kearse, allowing him a clean release. Forte runs an arrow route and effectively breaks off of Kearse's deeper route for a 9 yard completion.
Finally, the Jets were able to take advantage of a bunch of formation leading to a broken coverage by the Patriots and a huge gain to Kearse. They run a “levels” route combination, with the inside receiver running a short 5 yard speed out, the point man running a 18 yard deep out and the outside receiver running a vertical clear out route. The route spacing and timing of Kearse's out break open up a huge window for the middle level route.
The Bad
The Misses You Can't Afford
Remember those limitations we discussed earlier in the article? You can only scheme away so much. Josh McCown has been the best version of Josh McCown through six weeks which is unfortunately still a very mediocre quarterback. This was a game the Jets could have won, shifting the dynamic of their season, yet they left too many opportunities unconverted against a team led by Tom Brady and Bill Belichick.
On the Jets final offensive play, McCown broke the pocket and had running back Travaris Cadet wide open to convert a 4th and 16. If he finds the open receiver, instead of throwing the ball to absolutely nobody, the Jets have a legitimate chance at a game tying score in the final 15-20 seconds.
When the Jets decided to go for it on 4th down in the third quarter, they had two open tight ends (it was a similar play they ran for a big third down conversion to Eric Tomlinson versus Cleveland). McCown is wildly off target here when trying to go back to Tomlinson, leading to his second interception of the game.
Robby Anderson has been victimized by more overthrows from mediocre “game manager” quarterbacks than any receiver in the NFL over the past two years. Early in the game, he runs right by Malcolm Butler on a nine route but McCown waits too long on his delivery and hangs the ball up too long, allowing Butler to get back into the play and break up the pass. Then in the red-zone, Anderson again beats coverage off the line but McCown throws the ball out of the end-zone. You cannot leave points on the field like this against the better teams in the NFL.
Growing Pain SZN
It has been a difficult stretch for New York Jets rookie safety Jamal Adams. Last week, he had problems with rookie tight end David Njoku. This week he had problems with future Hall of Fame tight end, Rob Gronkowski and struggled to make the number of impact plays we saw in weeks 1-4. He finished with only 3 tackles versus the Patriots, zero passes defensed, zero tackles for a loss and zero quarterback hits.
On Gronkowski's first touchdown, Adams is far too hesitant and a step slow when committing to covering his short out route. The bump from Kony Ealy is supposed to give Adams time here but he doesn't take advantage of it. On his second touchdown, he tries to undercut the throw like he did against Njoku last week and whiffs. He is in relatively good position but is unable to keep his balance and properly time his break on the football.
–
Photo Credit: NewYorkJets.com
Related
There have been a few Alexa-enabled devices from third-parties, but only Amazon's own hardware uses its fancy far-field microphones and speech processing technology. That's going to change soon, though. Amazon has announced the availability of the Amazon Alexa 7-Mic Far-Field Development Kit, which will let third-parties develop better Alexa devices.
The kit will give Amazon's partners access to the same circular 7-microphone array that's used on the Amazon Echo, which will be supported by "leading chipset providers." Amazon even provides demo hardware. The software will include Amazon's proprietary engine for wake word recognition, beamforming, noise reduction, and echo cancellation. Developers also get some reference software for device control and communication with the Alexa voice service.
The development kit is not available to all comers—it's part of a controlled invite-only program from Amazon. OEMs that want to get access to the kit can request an invite from Amazon online.
May 11, 2017
On May 1, Sandra Merlim spoke on Otto's behalf at events organized to protest escalating ICE raids and in honor of International Workers Day. On May 10, she spoke at a press conference in Portland to local and Boston-based media outlets. Below is her statement.
Otto fled the civil war in Guatemala in the mid-1990s when he was just 16 years old and has not returned since. Over the years, he and his wife Sandra Merlim have spent thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours on legal fees, cooperating with immigration authorities in an ongoing effort to regularize Otto's status.
On April 12 at 6:30 a.m., ICE agents detained Otto Morales-Caballeros while he was traveling from his home in Naples, Maine, to work at Sea Salt Lobster restaurant in Saco. After being held for two weeks in the Strafford County Jail's ICE detention center, Otto was moved to Massachusetts last week, and then sent over the weekend to an ICE facility in Louisiana. He is to be deported to Guatemala, potentially as soon as Thursday, May 11.
MY NAME is Sandra Merlim. My husband is Otto Morales-Caballeros. I call him Daniel--his middle name. As you may already know, Daniel was taken by ICE agents on April 12 near our home in Naples in the early morning hours while on his way to work. My life will never be the same again.
Daniel had complied with ICE for years, letting them know where he lived and worked. They could have called or knocked on our door, and he would have gone in, but they staked out our house and arrested him on the side of the road in full view of the public. There was no reason for this ridiculous show of force against a kind and gentle man like my husband. The only reason to go through that was to make a public display--to set an example.
At 16 years old, Otto fled the violence of the Guatemalan civil war in the mid-1990s and came here to live a quiet, safe life. He has now lived here more than 20 years, almost without incident. While he was treated like a violent criminal, he is actually just a loving, humble, grateful, hardworking man. And he is missed by so many.
Left: Otto Morales-Caballeros; right: Sandra Merlim speaks at a press conference
When our new president said he was going to take out just the violent criminals and the "bad hombres," he was not talking about my husband. My husband's only crime was wanting to live here and to work hard for a living. But our government tore our family apart.
We are at the final stage of his presence here in the U.S. This is it. Unfortunately, we lost our battle to keep him here in the U.S., with me, our four rescue dogs, family, friends and co-workers. Even our community in Naples. We are all in horrified disbelief. This is just a nightmare I keep trying to wake up from.
Daniel had one charge on his record that he could not overcome. This is supposedly why our appeal was denied. He had no choice.
Daniel was held in jail for 18 long, agonizing weeks in 2013, never having been in jail before and not knowing what his fate would be. The owner of the company he worked for set him up with a false Social Security number so he could work. At the time, Daniel didn't understand the legal repercussions, and he just wanted a chance to work--to provide for our family.
The prosecutor kept him in jail, refusing to negotiate until he pled guilty. When he signed the guilty plea, he just wanted to get out of jail, go back to work and come back home to me. We had a verbal agreement with the Department of Homeland Security. Because Daniel worked with DHS and the prosecutor to help secure a conviction against his boss, DHS and ICE agreed that Daniel could stay in the country.
We have been going through the process to try to get him a legal status, checking in with ICE weekly. Daniel was even allowed to use the Social Security number so he could keep working.
He's never asked for anything from this country but to be able to stay in it.
I NEED you all to know this. No matter what side you are on in the immigration debate, I want you to please open your hearts and minds and imagine this. Imagine you wake up one morning, get your husband's lunch ready. He kisses and hugs you and walks out the door. A few minutes later, you get a loud rapping on the door.
Did he forget something? You go to the door, and it's ICE officers, saying they had just arrested your husband.
"WHY???? What's going on? Why NOW????" you ask.
Their response: "Because we CAN."
They tell you to go with them immediately to go pick up his car. You are not dressed yet, still just in a nightgown and no slippers. They tell you to come the way you are--they will not wait. So you do what you are told and go.
When I got there, his car was surrounded. Daniel was in a black SUV with black windows. I was barely awake and thought I must be dreaming. I asked to see my husband, for what may be the last time for a very long time. A sharp "NO" was my answer. "He will call you later," I was told.
I opened the car door to find his lunch bag, his hat, his prized watch that I got him for his birthday and his phone. My heart dropped like a bomb in my chest. I just wanted to scream, scream like never before, but I couldn't. Nothing would come out. My husband, my provider, my protector and the love of my life was now gone. Torn from both our lives like a common criminal.
My life has not been the same since, but everything in our home is just as he left it. His boots are still by the door. His favorite fishing pole is still in the corner. His recliner sits empty. And his L.L. Bean down jacket still hangs on the chair. I have closed off our room. I cannot go in there. It looks like he will walk through the door at any time, like always. But it feels more like someone just passed away.
I AM a dyed-in-the-wool, lifelong Mainer, born and raised. I am a housewife, a mother, a brand-new grandmother and now a reluctant activist. My family, the Scribner family, has been here since the 1600s. A family of immigrants, just like us all.
Please know that Otto is also a MAINER. He has lived and worked here for many years. He has strong Maine values and strong family values. He loves our state, just as he loves this country, as much as we all do.
This is the least diverse state in the union, yet Daniel managed to win everyone over, including me, and made it his home. Those who are privileged to know him or were affected by him were all the better for it. My husband never took anything from this country. Yet he gave his all to our country. He gave everything he had to this beautiful state he loves so deeply.
This isn't about politics. It's about real people, just trying to live their lives and suddenly being torn apart. Families with husbands and wives, with children and grandchildren. With homes and businesses. With LIVES! All just trying to live our own version of the American dream.
My husband IS my dream. I waited a long time to find the right man. And now after all this time, he is taken away by a cruel and morally unjust administration. It's so unfair. It hurts all of us.
If we don't stand up for what is right, then who will? And who will be next? How long will it take before we are all at risk of being targeted by this new regime for one reason or another? And when it does, who will stand for us?
Authoritarian governments always begin like this. They take people off the street, but they start with people deemed unworthy. Make no mistake--this is a strategic part of the normalization process.
We may have lost this latest battle. But it's not a defeat by any means. I love my husband. I miss him so much my heart breaks every time I turn a corner in our house. All I want is for him to come home. I do have legal recourse. It takes time and money. I don't care how long it takes. I will never stop fighting.
I will start the next chapter of this process as soon as possible. But as I'm sure you all know, an experienced immigration attorney for these types of cases is costly. I am a housewife and new grandmother, and trying to keep my head on straight while coming up with funds for attorneys and expenses has not been easy.
We got a good start on our GoFundMe page, which is still up. We have been overwhelmed by the outpouring of support for our case. Thanks to generous donations, we were able to secure a lawyer. With immigration cases, though, funds dry up quickly, and we will need to raise another $10,000 to take on the next phase of our case.
Daniel is my husband. I married him for better or worse. Although this is about as bad as it can get, I will not quit fighting. We have been together for 11 happy years, and I am NOT ready to say goodbye--only, I'll see you soon, mi amor. My love.
As devastated as I am, I truly hope you are as outraged as I also am. This should not be happening here, in the greatest melting pot in the world. In such a heartwarming state as Maine.
My heart is breaking, not just for my husband, but for all the families currently losing loved ones to these awful ICE raids. These are raids on the American way. I hope you will help me to get the word out and to help me get my husband home. Home to Maine, where he belongs, with all of us who love him. Thank you.
Scientists from The Scripps Research Institute have determined for the first time that prions, bits of infectious protein devoid of DNA or RNA that can cause fatal neurodegenerative disease, are capable of Darwinian evolution.
The study from Scripps Florida in Jupiter shows that prions can develop large numbers of mutations at the protein level and, through natural selection, these mutations can eventually bring about such evolutionary adaptations as drug resistance, a phenomenon previously known to occur only in bacteria and viruses. These breakthrough findings also suggest that the normal prion protein -- which occurs naturally in human cells -- may prove to be a more effective therapeutic target than its abnormal toxic relation.
The study was published in the December 31, 2009 issue of the journal Science Express, an advance, online edition of the journal Science.
"On the face of it, you have exactly the same process of mutation and adaptive change in prions as you see in viruses," said Charles Weissmann, M.D., Ph.D., the head of Scripps Florida's Department of Infectology, who led the study. "This means that this pattern of Darwinian evolution appears to be universally active. In viruses, mutation is linked to changes in nucleic acid sequence that leads to resistance. Now, this adaptability has moved one level down -- to prions and protein folding -- and it's clear that you do not need nucleic acid for the process of evolution."
Infectious prions (short for proteinaceous infectious particles) are associated with some 20 different diseases in humans and animals, including mad cow disease and a rare human form, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. All these diseases are untreatable and eventually fatal. Prions, which are composed solely of protein, are classified by distinct strains, originally characterized by their incubation time and the disease they cause. Prions have the ability to reproduce, despite the fact that they contain no nucleic acid genome.
Mammalian cells normally produce cellular prion protein or PrPC. During infection, abnormal or misfolded protein -- known as PrPSc -- converts the normal host prion protein into its toxic form by changing its conformation or shape. The end-stage consists of large assemblies (polymers) of these misfolded proteins, which cause massive tissue and cell damage.
"It was generally thought that once cellular prion protein was converted into the abnormal form, there was no further change," Weissmann said. "But there have been hints that something was happening. When you transmit prions from sheep to mice, they become more virulent over time. Now we know that the abnormal prions replicate, and create variants, perhaps at a low level initially. But once they are transferred to a new host, natural selection will eventually choose the more virulent and aggressive variants."
Drug Resistance
In the first part of the study, Weissmann and his colleagues transferred prion populations from infected brain cells to culture cells. When transplanted, cell-adapted prions developed and out-competed their brain-adapted counterparts, confirming prions' ability to adapt to new surroundings, a hallmark of Darwinian evolution. When returned to brain, brain-adapted prions again took over the population.
To confirm the findings and to explore the issue of evolution of drug resistance, Weissmann and his colleagues used the drug swainsonine or swa, which is found in plants and fungi, and has been shown to inhibit certain prion strains. In cultures where the drug was present, the team found that a drug-resistant sub-strain of prion evolved to become predominant. When the drug was withdrawn, the sub-strain that was susceptible to swainsonine again grew to become the major component of the population.
Weissmann notes that the findings have implications for the development of therapeutic targets for prion disease. Instead of developing drugs to target abnormal proteins, it could be more efficient to try to limit the supply of normally produced prions -- in essence, reducing the amount of fuel being fed into the fire. Weissmann and his colleagues have shown some 15 years ago that genetically engineered mice devoid of the normal prion protein develop and function quite normally (and are resistant to prion disease!).
"It will likely be very difficult to inhibit the production of a specific natural protein pharmacologically," Weissmann said, "You may end up interfering with some other critical physiological process, but nonetheless, finding a way to inhibit the production of normal prion protein is a project currently being pursued in collaboration with Scripps Florida Professor Corinne Lasmezas in our department."
Quasi-Species
Another implication of the findings, according to the study, is that drug-resistant variants either exist in the prion population at a low level prior to exposure or are generated during exposure to the drug. Indeed, the researchers found some prions secreted by infected cells were resistant to the drug before exposure, but only at levels less than one percent.
The scientists show that prion variants constantly arise in a particular population. These variants, or "mutants," are believed to differ in the way the prion protein is folded. As a consequence, prion populations are, in fact, comprised of multiple sub-strains.
This, Weissmann noted, is reminiscent of something he helped define some 30 years ago -- the evolutionary concept of quasi-species. The idea was first conceived by Manfred Eigen, a German biophysicist who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1967. Basically stated, a quasi-species is a complex, self-perpetuating population of diverse and related entities that act as a whole. It was Weissmann, however, who provided the first confirmation of the theory through the study of a particular bacteriophage -- a virus that infects bacteria -- while he was director of the Institut für Molekularbiologie in Zürich, Switzerland.
"The proof of the quasi-species concept is a discovery we made over 30 years ago," he said. "We found that an RNA virus population, which was thought to have only one sequence, was constantly creating mutations and eliminating the unfavorable ones. In these quasi-populations, much like we have now found in prions, you begin with a single particle, but it becomes very heterogeneous as it grows into a larger population."
There are some unknown dynamics at work in the prion population that leads to this increased heterogeneity, Weissmann added, that still need to be explored.
"It's amusing that something we did 30 years has come back to us," he said. "But we know that mutation and natural selection occur in living organisms and now we know that they also occur in a non-living organism. I suppose anything that can't do that wouldn't stand much of a chance of survival."
The joint first authors of the Science study are Jiali Li and Shawn Browning of The Scripps Research Institute. Other authors include Sukhvir P. Mahal and Anja M. Oelschlegel also of The Scripps Research Institute. Weissmann notes that after the manuscript was accepted by Science, an article by Ghaemmanghami et al. appeared in PLoS Pathogens that described emergence of prions resistant to a completely different drug, quinacrine, providing additional support to the Scripps Research team's conclusions.
The Scripps Research study was supported by a grant from the National Institutes of Health and by a generous donation to the Weissmann laboratory from the Alafi Family Foundation.
Vincent Conti, from left, Hareem Jones, Shawn Cody and Jessica Conti were arrested in connection with brawl at a Palm Coast pizzeria late Friday. (Source: FLAGLER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE)
PALM COAST (CBSMiami/AP) – Three men and a woman have found themselves in some hot water after a brawl at a Florida pizzeria over garlic knots.
When an order of garlic knots arrived at their table with cheese on top, 25-year-old Jessica Conti demanded her money back, according to a Flagler County Sheriff's Office report. The report states when the clerk put Conti's money on the counter, Conti thought she did it in a disrespectful manner and got angry and “became verbally argumentative.”
Three men then stormed into Palm Coast Pizza and knocked a fax machine and cash register off a counter, the report said. They also threw food and pizza boxes around in the kitchen, according to deputies, and caused about $1,000 in damage.
They all left before deputies arrived. But someone at the restaurant identified them. Deputies soon tracked them down and arrested them.
Conti, along with Vincent Conti, Hareem Jones and Shawn Cody were charged with burglary and criminal mischief.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Sharrod Wellingham will seek a third AFL club, his manager says
FORMER Collingwood premiership player Sharrod Wellingham will look to revive his career at a third club after being delisted by West Coast.
The 29-year-old was one of five Eagles, including veteran small forward Josh Hill, to be told they will not be offered contracts for next season.
A member of the Magpies' 2010 premiership side, Wellingham appears to have fallen victim to West Coast's bid to refresh their list after the retirements of Sam Mitchell, Matt Priddis and Drew Petrie.
The half-back flanker played just 13 senior games this year, including the Eagles' semi-final defeat to Greater Western Sydney.
But his manager, Corporate Sports Australia's Andrew McDougall, has confirmed Wellingham remains keen to play on and will seek a new home during next month's delisted free agency period.
"Sharrod's a 171-game AFL player and his body's still in really good condition," McDougall said Thursday.
"We think he can play for another three years at AFL level.
"Sharrod's obviously disappointed, and he's just trying to look to his next move at this stage.
"From our point of view, Colin Young and myself are trying to approach AFL clubs and, hopefully, in the next week or two, something might open up.
"With his skills and ability, we think it may be a positive outcome."
Wellingham struggled with form and injuries in his first two seasons at West Coast after requesting a trade in 2012 from Collingwood.
The Perth native was moved to the backline in 2015 and played a key role in helping the Eagles to reach the grand final.
While disappointed to be delisted, McDougall said Wellingham wouldn't be daunted by starting afresh with a third club.
"I think now with free agency and the movement of the players, it's just going to open up more and more," he said.
"Players are going to be spending their careers at two or three clubs. I don't think it's going to be too uncommon in the near future."
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
We talk about LeBron James and his team pretty often around here, but their 123-114 win over Atlanta tonight (not as close as it appears) was yet another reminder of how the King can take your breath away. The Cavs always dominate the Hawks—they've hit in NBA-record 25 threes against them twice—and this was just another stage on which to reinforce their superiority.
First, Cleveland started the first quarter with nine triples, and very quickly set a franchise record by hitting 10 or more threes in 17 straight games. With 13 in the first half, they ended the second quarter holding a 62-48 lead, and their final mark of 20-38 from beyond the arc is not too shabby.
The best one, no surprise, was courtesy of a double-teamed LeBron, who used some kind of radar to lead Kyle Korver into the corner for an open look. Korver, who went 6-for-9 from three tonight, is now 36 years old but perhaps more dangerous than he's ever been in his career.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
LeBron's passing remained delightful. He had an absurd 17 assists, while also becoming the first player of the NBA season to go over 300 made field goals. Korver was a great target for LeBron to get tricky with.
Even Cedi Osman, who was averaging 1.5 points per game heading into tonight, got in on the fun.
Advertisement
And Lebron's dunking, oh my god his dunks—though when every one of your teammates are striking fear into the defense, you can get some pretty clear runways.
Advertisement
By the end of the first half, the Hawks were so discombobulated that they were left taking uncertain half-steps all over the court as the Cavs moved the ball around too fast. They eventually slowed down, but Cleveland's hot shooting spread out their opponents and gave the team space to score however they wanted, wherever they wanted. With that kind of freedom, they put on a show.
SAN FRANCISCO — A federal appeals court has tossed out a veteran's conviction for wearing military medals he didn't earn.
A specially convened 11-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Monday that wearing unearned military honors is free speech protected by the First Amendment of the Constitution.
Elven Joe Swisher of Idaho was convicted of violating the Stolen Valor Act. Investigators looked into his military claims after he testified at the 2005 trial of a man charged with soliciting the murder of a federal judge. Swisher wore a Purple Heart on the witness stand.
Prosecutors say Swisher enlisted in the Marine Corps a year after the Korean War ended but was never wounded in the line of duty.
Swisher's attorney didn't return a phone call Monday.
The Royal Navy wants their F-35Bs to be able to the return to the ship with more gas and weapons than they normally could by landing vertically on the decks of their two new Queen Elizabeth class aircraft carriers. The aim is to accomplish this by making a slow-speed—57 knots indicated airspeed to be exact—rolling recovery down the ship's landing and departure area, instead of a vertical landing . Officially this hybrid maneuver, which uses lift from the aircraft's wings and thrust from its engine and lift fan, has been dubbed a "Shipborne Rolling Vertical Landing," or SRVL for short.
Fixed-wing aircraft carrier aviation is not cheap, and short takeoff and vertical landing (STOVL) aircraft have a limited ability to bring back unspent fuel and ordnance to the ship after a mission is completed. This means good gas gets dumped, and even worse, weapons that cost thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars get jettisoned into the sea.
Another advantage of standardizing this recovery concept is that it will put less wear and tear on the F-35B's costly lift fan and its associated subsystems and linkages—a move that could potentially save large sums of money over the aircraft's operational life. It would also help to alleviate thermal wear on the HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales titanium injected deck coatings.
And why not do it? The Royal Navy spent a lot of money building massive carriers for STOVL aircraft that can operate from much smaller ships. The ability to field this maneuver operationally, and to bring back more gas and munitions while prolonging hardware life could be another set of reasons used to justify those costs.
UK F-35B pilots have been working on perfecting this landing concept in the simulator, a video of which you can see below. Make sure you have the audio on so you can hear the play-by-play narration. Also note the little pictograph of the F-35 in the lower left corner of the Helmet Mounted Display's virtual HUD. It appears to show show the pilot the lift fan and main engine RPM. Pretty neat stuff.
On the heels of being sentenced to 35 years in jail for a variety of crimes, Private Manning has officially come out as transgender and now wishes to be referred to with feminine pronouns. You'd think this wouldn't be that hard for a bunch of professional writers to manage, but apparently it is.
Here is the relevant portion of Manning's official statement, for those who haven't yet seen it:
As I transition into this next phase of my life, I want everyone to know the real me. I am Chelsea Manning. I am a female. Given the way that I feel, and have felt since childhood, I want to begin hormone therapy as soon as possible. I hope that you will support me in this transition. I also request that, starting today, you refer to me by my new name and use the feminine pronoun (except in official mail to the confinement facility).
Pretty clear, right? Manning identifies as female and wants to be referred to with feminine pronouns. However, all the initial coverage of Manning's statement from NPR, The New York Times, and Associated Press continue to refer to her using male pronouns. NPR even went so far as to point out that Manning hasn't yet changed her legal name yet as an excuse for why they're still calling her Bradley, as if that's easy to do while also getting sentenced to prison after a huge and controversial court case.
This would almost be comical in a “tea for this man's breasts!” kind of way if it weren't actually very damaging to the way that transgender people are treated in this country. It's basically akin to if someone corrected you on how to pronounce their name and you decided to completely ignore them and pronounce it however you wanted — except, you know, worse, because transgender women face an incredibly high risk of hate-related violence against them. Continuing to call Manning a “he” after being asked explicitly not to do that makes it harder for transgender people everywhere to be taken seriously — and easier for those asshats who would seek to otherize or harm them to do so without repercussion.
Here's how the AP style officially tells you to refer to transgender people:
Transgender: Use the pronoun preferred by the individuals who have acquired the physical characteristics of the opposite sex or present themselves in a way that does not correspond with their sex at birth. If that preference is not expressed, use the pronoun consistent with the way the individuals live publicly.
See that one part, “preferred by the individuals?” That's the really important part here. Manning wants you to use “she,” so use “she.” Not that hard. It's not as if people won't know who you're talking about using context clues. Regardless of preferred first name, “Private Manning” is basically a household phrase at this point as it stands, so your readers are going to figure it out. If not, that's on them.
Oh, by the way, since this one's also a sticking point that a lot of media professionals still get wrong: it's transgender, not transgendered. Just an FYI.
(via Huffington Post, image via Nic McPhee)
Meanwhile in related links
Get the biggest MyWestLondon News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An anarchist who organised a ‘bash the rich' protest in Notting Hill is standing as a parliamentary candidate for Kensington in May's General Election.
Ian Bone has put his hat into the ring with the Class War Party to take on the constituency which, until last month, was represented by Tory MP Sir Malcolm Rifkind who stepped down over the ‘cash for access' scandal.
The 67-year-old self-confessed anarchist's policies range from giving constituents a holiday every other day to a 50% mansion tax in the hope it will push all the wealthy people out of the area.
He is hoping to drum up support from the “arty” people who used to epitomise the area, such as members of The Clash, after he was supported by the late Joe Strummer during a Kensington by-election in 1987, which he lost.
Mr Bone is the author of Bash the Rich, made infamous after he organised a promotional march of the same name through Notting Hill where he claimed he would march on Prime Minister David Cameron's house.
He told getwestlondon: “I think there's a huge class divide in the constituency, with people living in serious deprivation in North Kensington and then all the rich people have taken over the rest of Kensington. We're going to try and use that divide to pull all the old musos who made Notting Hill and get them to support us.
“The Tories and Labour are the same in Kensington so we'll be something different.
“If I'm voted in I'd kick all the rich people out and put in a 50% mansion tax on the rich people's homes to fund pensions and double everybody's benefits.
“I'd also give everyone a holiday every other day.”
And does he think he's in with a chance of swaying the good people of Kensington into voting for him?
“Oh goodness no,” he added. “I don't have a chance in hell of being voted in but I'll cause havoc in Kensington in the run-up to the election.
“The constituency's in for a big surprise. We're going to have music in the streets and it's going to be very lively.”
The Conservative Party has not yet selected a candidate to replace Sir Malcolm Rifkind.
Tell us what matters to you ahead of this year's election and help us build a manifesto for west London. Click here for more.
Last Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2013, in a bipartisan 10-7 vote, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved a resolution granting Obama authority to conduct military strikes war on Syria.
Approving the Syrian resolution are 3 Republicans and 7 Democrats:
Jeff Flake ( R -AZ)
-AZ) Bob Corker ( R -TN)
-TN) John McCain ( R -AZ)
-AZ) Barbara Boxer ( D -CA)
-CA) Ben Cardin ( D -CA)
-CA) Chris Coons ( D -DE)
-DE) Dick Durbin ( D -IL)
-IL) Timothy Kaine ( D -VA)
-VA) Bob Menéndez ( D -NJ)
-NJ) Jeanne Shaheen ( D -NH)
Opposing the resolution are 5 Republicans and 2 Democrats:
John Barrasso ( R -WY)
-WY) Ron Johnson ( R -WI)
-WI) Rand Paul ( R -KY)
-KY) Jim Risch ( R -ID)
-ID) Marco Rubio ( R -FL)
-FL) Chris Murphy ( D -CT)
-CT) Tom Udall ( D -NM)
Guess what?
The senators who voted in favor of Obama's war against Syria received an average of 83% more campaign “contributions” from the defense industry than the senators who voted against war.
SURPRISE! . . . not.
David Kravets reports for WIRED, Sept. 5, 2013, that the senators who had voted to authorize a Syria strike received, on average, 83% more campaign financing from defense contractors than lawmakers voting against war.
Overall, political action committees and employees from defense and intelligence firms such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, United Technologies, Honeywell International, and others ponied up $1,006,887 to the 17 members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee who voted yes or no on the authorization Wednesday, according to an analysis by Maplight, the Berkeley-based nonprofit that performed the inquiry at WIRED's request.
Committee members who voted to authorize what the resolution called a “limited” strike averaged $72,850 in defense campaign financing from the pot. Committee members who voted against the resolution averaged $39,770, according to the data.
The analysis of contributions from employees and PACs of defense industry interests ranges from 2007 through 2012 — based on data tracked by OpenSecrets.org.
Dick Durbin, John McCain, Timothy Kaine
The top three defense-campaign earners who voted “yes” were Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) at $176,000; Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Illinois) at $127,350; and Sen. Timothy Kaine (D-Virginia) at $101,025.
The top three defense-campaign earners who voted “no” were Sen. John Barrasso (R-Wyoming) at $86,500; Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Florida) at $62,790; and Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Connecticut) at $59,250.
***Visit our new FREE SPEECH community built exclusively for our readers. Click to Join The Deplorables Network Today!***
H/t RIA Novosti
~Eowyn
Dr. Eowyn is the Editor of Fellowship of the Minds and a regular contributor to The D.C. Clothesline.
And the con went on for years. To this day one sometimes reads articles portraying Ryan as a serious policy wonk, despite abundant evidence of his unseriousness and real questions about his actual command of policy.
But then Republicans regained the White House, meaning that they had to come up with actual tax legislation. And this has put the con under terrible strain.
True, Republicans could just cut taxes on rich people — always their overriding priority — not worry about paying for it, and blow up the deficit. After all, their supposed concern about federal debt was always just a pose, applying only when a Democrat was president. But after all those years of pretending to be deficit hawks, they feel the need to be seen doing something to offset their high-income tax cuts, to close some loophole somewhere.
So they came up with what probably seemed like a clever idea: eliminate the deductibility of state and local taxes. Hey, that would mainly punish people in tax-and-spend blue states, right? Not their problem.
But this turns out to be a much bigger deal than they seemed to realize. (As with health care, they appear to have no idea what they're doing.) According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, their plan would give huge tax cuts to the top 1 percent, who would receive 79.7 percent of the benefits. But eliminating deductions would make many Americans, especially in the upper reaches of the middle class, directly worse off: Almost 60 percent of households between the 80th and 90th percentiles of the income distribution would face tax increases.
And this would happen even though the plan would add several trillion dollars to the deficit. Did I mention that many of those facing tax hikes vote Republican?
How are the tax plan's advocates responding to their very big, very bad problem? Partly with evasiveness: You can't evaluate our plan yet, declared Mick Mulvaney, Trump's budget director, “because it's not finished.” And partly with outright, ludicrous lies: “Wealthy Americans are not getting a tax cut,” declared Gary Cohn, chief Trump economic adviser. Who are you gonna believe, me or basic arithmetic?
In broad outlines, the tax story is a lot like health care. In both cases, Republicans have spent years getting away with big promises backed by lies. Now, with real policy to be made, the lies won't work anymore. And they can't handle the truth.
No, Clinton has not been after single payer for years
“But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years.”— Donald Trump
Trump isn't the first Republican to falsely claim that Hillary Clinton supports a single-payer health care system, where the government would completely oversee the delivery and financing of health care nationwide. But Clinton's health care platform actually supports the use of a more modest “public option,” in which a government plan competes with private health insurance companies already in the market. It's an idea she not only is supporting in this election cycle, but something she backed during her 2008 run for president.
Clinton has long said that a single-payer system — an idea beloved among the more liberal wing of the Democratic Party — is not feasible, and instead energies should be directed toward improving the Affordable Care Act's flaws. It has been widely documented that she has not backed the more radical single-payer idea, which was championed by her Democratic primary opponent, Bernie Sanders.
A Nicolas Cage art show is a great reason to drive to San Francisco
Nicolas Cage is the butt of so many internet jokes that it's totally logical that someone decided to make him the focus of something more tangible. Like an art show. A Nicolas Cage-themed art show.
The event takes place at Balancoire, a bar in San Francisco's Mission district, on April 12 at 7 p.m. Advanced tickets will soon be sold for $10, and chances are, they'll sell out fast. Because Nicolas Cage.
As the Facebook event so eloquently states:
Nicolas Cage is an enigma, of misunderstood sex appeal, raw, unfiltered power and his chameleon like mystique to portray himself as Nicolas Cage as any character! What?!”
Fairfield-man Ezra Croft is organizing the show, and Sacramentans might recognize him from The Shady Lady, where he sometimes spins funky electro swing like this.
Good news is that he's still accepting works of art. So dig out that secret Nic Cage shrine from your closet and email niccagepartysf@gmail.com right now. Meanwhile, here's some gold that will be on display at the show:
The Bitcoin Foundation is now conducting elections to fill the two open industry seats on its Board of Directors.
The seats have been empty since the arrest of Charlie Shrem and the subsequent resignation of Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles, whose Japan-based bitcoin exchange filed for bankruptcy earlier this year.
Nominations began in February, with voting officially starting on 21st April. Voting is expected to last one week, and all Bitcoin Foundation industry members are eligible to vote.
Campaigning is now taking place via forums on the organization's website.
Current board members
The two winners of this week's election will join the five existing members of the group's Board of Directors. The only industry seat currently filled is held by Micky Malka, founder of Ribbit Capital.
Brian Goss, chair of the organization's election committee, explained to CoinDesk that the board was originally expanded from five members to seven last July, due in part to difficulties that resulted from a small number of members.
“The way the board is set up, having five people on the board is tough to get a majority when you need it. It made it tough to pass anything when people were there, except the motion to adjourn.”
As such, these latest elections could be welcome to the current board, though no operating issues at the Foundation have been reported in the absence of Shrem or Karpeles.
Other members of the board include executive director and CoinDesk contributor Jon Matonis, chief scientist Gavin Andresen, Coinlab CEO Peter Vessenes and Bitcoin Magazine communications manager Elizabeth Ploshay.
Technical issues
So far, the elections have had a few technical hitches, resulting in the polling being briefly suspended until the problems were resolved. Goss took to the Bitcoin Foundation's forums today to address the matter.
Speaking to CoinDesk, Goss indicated the issues stemmed from how the system was reading the names of companies, which in turn led to issues with ballot deployment. A separate, earlier issue involving the use of the wrong mailing list was another cause for delay.
Goss wrote on the forum:
“Sorry for the rough start, but, remember, we are shooting for as transparent an election as possible.”
Goss said that the voting system bug had been discovered and resolved within a short time, and that no further issues are anticipated.
Seeking strong candidates
Earlier this year, members of the Bitcoin Foundation's Board of Directors spoke with CoinDesk about the types of candidates they hope to attract in this election.
At the time, Matonis remarked that a new board member should know how to make the argument for bitcoin.
He said:
“A good candidate would understand bitcoin's fundamental importance in the world and have a demonstrated capability of articulating that vision to a global audience.”
With voting underway for the rest of the week, it remains to be seen which two candidates will come out on top.
Each candidate has been asked to provide answers to questions from voters. To learn more about the candidates and their platforms, visit the Bitcoin Foundation's forums here.
CoinDesk is continuing to monitor this developing story.
The geothermal plant will generate 270,000 kilowatts, approximately a quarter of the output capacity of a nuclear plant. Investment will likely be in the tens of billions of yen, or hundreds of millions of dollars. Geothermal power generation harnesses the power of heat within the earth, in the form of steam. Typically this involves injecting heated water deep underground into bedrock, resulting in superheated steam that is used to power turbines generating electricity.
51 out of Japan's 54 total reactors remain offline. On Wednesday, Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announced delays restarting the Oi nuclear plant near Osaka, Japan second largest city.
Most of Japan's reactors are under suspended operations, undergoing a nation-wide safety review process that is proving to be costly to Japanese utility companies such as Tokyo Electric Power Corporation, which recently announced the cancellation of summer employee bonuses.
The decision to invest in geothermal technologies is an indication of Japan's eagerness to continue developing domestic sources of energy, strengthen national energy security, and move away from nuclear power.
In a twist of fate, the very seismic activity which caused the earthquake and tsunami that damaged the Fukushima nuclear plant last March may now provide a sustainable long-term energy source.
Between A Hot Rock And A Hard Place
However, nuclear power will be difficult to abandon, and geothermal energy may not be the best choice as a substitute.
Although a very seismically active nation, Japan has not built a geothermal power station since 1999. To fully compensate for nuclear generation with geothermal sources, Japan would need to build more than 200 Fukushima-sized plants across the country.
Dr. Robert Giegengack, Professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania, said that running a financially profitable geothermal plant of worthwhile size anywhere in the world remains "complicated and difficult."
Giegengack explained that Japan has good potential due to geography, resulting in the region enjoying a "relatively high geothermal heat flow." Heat flow determines where plants can be constructed. Iceland, Yellowstone National Park, the North highlands of New Zealand and areas of Northern Italy are examples of prime locations for geothermal plants thanks to high heat flow.
"Opportunities for geothermal energy along the Pacific Rim are underexploited," said Giegengack. Nevertheless, "it would take about 20 years to build a new plant and get it operational."
Asahi Shimbun, however, notes that the new geothermal plant could be completed in as quickly as 10 years.
In a country with a long history of devastating earthquakes and tsunamis along its eastern seaboard, nuclear reactor construction did not fully accomodate the knowledge of seismologists. Giegengack noted that in the United States, "not one of the 104 reactors at 65 sites throughout the country faces the dual threat of being exposed to both an earthquake and a tsunami."
Japan, an island nation which looks abroad for much of its natural resources, is now stuck in a difficult situation. Continuing to rely on nuclear reactors seems dangerous, but in the meantime the country needs to increase reliance on imported coal and natural gas.
It would take many decades and vast sums for Japan to reach the status of Iceland, which produces about 30% of its electricity and heats nearly 90% of homes from geothermal sources.
Much of the technologies related to geothermal generation remain in their infancy stage and are of unproven financial viability.
The U.S. generates the most geothermal energy in the world, more than 3,000 megawatts over 77 plants. Many of these are located at "The Geysers," a complex north of San Francisco in the Mayacamas Mountains of California.
In 2012, the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry dedicated approximately 9 billion yen, or $109 million, to geothermal research and development.
Geothermal energy has drawn the attention of Japan's leading industrial groups. Mitsubishi Corp., Sumitomo Corp., Japan Petroleum Exploration Co. and Mitsui Oil Exploration Co. will all be involved in development of the Fukushima geothermal project.
http://ajw.asahi.com/
SAN JOSE — Raffi Torres is back, baggage in hand.
The hard-hitting Sharks forward with the reputation for playing on the edge — and sometimes over it — is expected to be in the lineup for the first time this season Thursday night when San Jose begins its post-Olympic stretch run against the Philadelphia Flyers.
An accidental collision in a September exhibition game tore the anterior cruciate ligament in Torres' right knee, and the recovery and rehab process after surgery has taken five months. But the reality is that it's been nine months since Torres last played in a meaningful game, having been suspended during the playoffs for what the NHL deemed a dangerous hit against Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings.
Torres knows he won't be getting the benefit of any doubt from the league — “Obviously, the history of my game is going to precede me,” he said — but he also is determined to maintain the high-energy, physical brand of hockey that made him a valuable acquisition from the Phoenix Coyotes at the trade deadline last April.
“It's playing hard, fast hockey — the way I was taught,” Torres said Tuesday before the Sharks departed for Philadelphia. “I just need to be a little smarter out there, learn from my mistakes and hopefully finish off the rest of my career without any suspensions.”
Torres, 32, has earned his reputation for crossing the line — hard-hitting, or dirty? — with four suspensions since April 2011 as well as a handful of other serious hits that went unpunished. Among those was one that gave then-Sharks forward Milan Michalek a concussion in the 2006 playoffs when Torres was an Edmonton Oiler.
But after being suspended for 25 games in the 2012 playoffs for an elbow to the head of Chicago's Marian Hossa, Torres and the Coyotes made a concerted effort to more clearly establish the line between right and wrong on the ice.
The Sharks thought Torres stayed on the right side of that line when he hit Stoll in the second period of Game 1, but the NHL disagreed. Sharks general manager Doug Wilson stood behind his player, receiving a $100,000 fine for publicly questioning the league's action. He then signed Torres to a three-year, $6 million contract extension.
Now, once again, Torres has to concentrate on being effective without drawing the league's wrath.
“I need to be me, but instead of going for that big east-west hit, just rub the guy out,” he said, using hockey's term for taking an opponent out of a play rather than crushing him. “Maybe get the stick on puck a little more instead of trying to get the big hit and not caring where the puck goes.”
Sharks coach Todd McLellan won't go as far as saying the NHL has a double standard when it comes to Torres, but he recognizes that the NHL keeps a close eye on repeat offenders.
“With each suspension comes a heightened awareness of an individual. Raffi knows that, we know that, everybody knows that,” McLellan said. “He can play hard, he can play even nasty — but within the rules. Raffi doesn't go out to play outside the rules. He goes out to play hard.”
And his message to Torres?
“We want him to push, we want him to be aggressive, we want him to play his game,” McLellan said. “But we want him to be able to finish the season.”
Last spring, Torres gave the Sharks an emotional lift and also chipped in with six points in 11 games. The Sharks, including Torres, warn that an immediate encore is not to be expected.
“Bringing Raffi back in the lineup is a great thing. It will give our guys a big boost,” McLellan said. “But we also have to look at it realistically. His training camp was cut short, he hasn't played in any of our first 59 games, his practice load has just gone up recently. It will take him some time.”
Torres is likely to start at left wing on the third line with Joe Pavelski and Tyler Kennedy, but McLellan has other options. In San Jose's playoff sweep of the Vancouver Canucks, for example, many of his shifts were on the second line with Patrick Marleau and Logan Couture, another key forward who is returning after missing 16 games following hand surgery.
Forward Tommy Wingels endorses the idea that teammates follow Torres' lead when it comes to a high-speed, physical game.
“Raffi plays with as much energy as anyone in this league does with the way he skates,” said Wingels, who leads San Jose with 154 hits in Torres' absence. “Other guys see him maybe going hard on the forecheck or finishing checks, and they want to hop on board.”
In whatever way he can contribute, Torres said, the time is now.
“I feel as good as I'm going to feel practicing and working out,” he said. “It's time to play some games.”
Tense moments at Dundas subway station led to service being suspended both ways on Wednesday morning, when a man reportedly jumped onto the track. Dozens of witnesses were on the northbound platform around 10:30 a.m. when the incident occurred, many praising a quick-thinking TTC employee who sprang into action.
The Transit Commission tells CityNews a customer entered the station and immediately walked onto the northbound tracks. Within minutes, JP Attard, rushed to the man's side to comfort him.
“I didn't know the cameras were flashing, I just jumped an instinct,” the 55 year old said. “As long as he was okay, we saved another life.”
“He just kept talking to him, and said, ‘Breathe in; breathe out' and ‘Look me in my eye,'” said witness Jeffrey Ribeiro. “Then he was like, ‘Now say, I am strong.' Then he had everybody on the platform say it with him.”
Ribeiro captured the touching interaction between the two men in a video he later posted online. The footage shows Attard seated on the platform comforting a man who is firmly holding onto him, while standing on the track.
“I said to him, I'm going to be your friend, I'm going to be your mentor, and it's going to be okay,” Attard explains. “I looked him in the eye and told him I loved him.”
His colleagues also stepped in, cutting the power and suspending subway service in both directions.
“When he came up off the platform and came towards the TTC worker, the TTC worker gave him a great big hug,” Ribeiro recalls. “He's like, ‘Where's your cellphone? Let me put my number in it.'”
Attard, who's been with the transit system for 24 years, is being praised for how he handled and de-escalated the tense situation, hugging, comforting and befriending the man. He stayed with him even after emergency personnel arrived, spending over half an hour with him.
“The biggest positive action that we saw today was my employee going above and beyond his training and staying there with the customer to ensure he was safe, and everyone else was safe,” said Ellen Stassen, group station manager with the TTC.
In these situations, the procedure for TTC employees is to secure the premises, cut the power and alert the authorities. Many witnesses were calling for Attard a hero for going above and beyond what his job requires him to do.
“People like this need to be recognized, and the TTC needs to recognize him for what he did,” said Ribeiro.
Watch below or click here.
“People like this need to be recognized, and the TTC needs to recognize him for what he did,” said Ribeiro.
Mayor John Tory did just that on Thursday morning, one day after CityNews at 11 aired the story.
“He helped someone at what clearly seemed to be one of their lowest points,” the Mayor said during the council meeting on Thursday. “I think we're all very glad he was there, not just there in the booth but took the initiative to go down and do what he did.”
But Attard rejects being called a hero.
“I aint' no hero, I'm just John Paul,” he said. “TTC stands for Take Total Control and I want to make management proud, and make this whole world proud.”
“This is not the first time I stopped somebody from committing suicide,” added Attard.
With the TTC seeing two dozen suicide attempts and 12 deaths annually, employees are trained to look for any sign of distress. In all incidents, trauma counselling is offered to the workers.
Following the incident, the TTC employee went back to work and finished his shift.
“This is the best ideal story that we can present and commend him for not only an act of safety, but an act of compassion, customer service,” said Stassen. “It goes beyond one area of recognition, and it speaks volumes of his colleagues as well.”
If you or anyone you know is in distress, you can reach out to the 24/7 crisis support line at 416-408-4357 (HELP).
Stenocereus thurberi, the organ pipe cactus or pitahaya,[1] is a species of cactus native to Mexico and the United States. The species is found in rocky desert. Two subspecies are recognized based on their distribution and height. The Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument is named for the species.
Its English common name is derived from its resemblance to a pipe organ. It is locally known as pitaya dulce, Spanish for "sweet pitaya" or sweet cactus fruit.
Description [ edit ]
This cactus species has several narrow stems that rise vertically, growing from a single short trunk just above the ground level. These stems are about 6 inches (15 cm) thick and grow to a height of 16 feet (4.9 m), however it has been known to reach 23 to 26 feet (7.0 to 7.9 metres).[2] These stems rarely branch but rather grow annually from the tip of the last growth. The mature plant can reach a width of 12 feet (3.7 m). Each stem has 12 to 19 1⁄ 3 inch (0.85 cm) high ribs that bear dark brown to black spines that turn gray as it matures. It takes 150 years to reach maturity.[2] The older plants produce three-inch (8 cm) funnel-shaped white flowers annually which are open at night and close by the morning and have a purple or pink tint to them. These usually grow during April, May, and June. The organpipe cactus is usually pollinated by bats. The plant also produces fruit about the size of a tennis ball. Beneath the fruit's spiny exterior is red flesh that has been described as tasting better than watermelon.[3] This fruit has traditionally been harvested by the Seris, who call the plant ool [oːɬ], and is used as a medicine.[4][5]
Organpipe cactus stem
Organpipe cactus flower
Distribution [ edit ]
This species is found mostly in Mexico, mainly in Sonora and southern Baja California. It is also known to the United States, but is much rarer, with the notable exception of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument. The plant is predominantly found on rocky hillsides up to 3,000 feet (910 m) in elevation. It is sensitive to frost, so the species is rare in low desert areas, which can be more susceptible to frost. The plant is slow growing, and prefers well-drained soil and full sun.[3] However, when in the seedling stage, it requires shade, and will grow beneath a "nurse tree". It will need this for several years until it grows an adequate root system, which is mostly in the upper 10 cm of soil.[6]
Subspecies [ edit ]
There are two recognized subspecies, the type subspecies, thurberi, is much larger and occurs in southern Arizona, mainland Mexico, and Northern Baja California. The other is littoralis, which is much smaller and usually grows to around 10 feet (3.0 m). It occurs only in southern Baja California.[4]
See also [ edit ]
When will B-Day happen?
Knut Svanholm Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 21, 2017
How is hyperbitcoinization going to play out? First of all, let's define the term. Hyperbitcoinization has happened is when Bitcoin is everywhere. The event can be likened to when digital photo or smartphones happened. In retrospect these events seemed to happen almost overnight or at least very fast. When the network effect kicks in, everyone wants a seat on the train as quickly as possible. With Bitcoin the process may seem slow but make no mistake, b-day is coming sooner than you think.
So what's holding Bitcoin back? The majority of the mainstream media articles and reports you've heard about Bitcoin have probably been on a scale from negative to skeptical. It is important to understand why. Bitcoin is threatening to people because of its potential to demolish all of the existing power structures in the world. These structures are all hierarchical and almost all of us have boss. Bitcoin can change the very foundation of the semi-slavery work loop that we all seem to be stuck in. Why? Because the free market works if it's truly free but no nation has ever experienced that yet!
The game is rigged everywhere. Technological advancements happen faster and faster and still it seems harder and harder for most people to balance the sheets and to end up with green figures each month. Inflation is the straw that leeches on everyone's milkshake and Bitcoin can cut of the straw. Bitcoin doesn't just eliminate the middleman, it slays the dragon and turns the peasant into a hydra.
We're all brainwashed into thinking that the nation state is a natural thing that is needed in order for us to thrive as a species. That we need governance and that democracy is the only option since the only other option would be a dictatorship. We all use whatever means of expressing value the system forces upon us, we're all monitored and we all seem to accept it. But what if it's all a cult?
There have been several projects in the past that have tried to address these issues. Some are still active and some have died out. Some want to abolish money all together but that leaves a lot of questions unanswered. People need incentives to do stuff and as of today all too many of us are connected to various life support mechanisms disguised as jobs in the public sector. Money is the ultimate expression of power and that's where decentralization needs to happen. There are no substitutes.
To be continued….
Ryan Tannehill Jersey on Display at Pro Football Hall of Fame See All News
Artifacts from the 2015 NFL season continue to find their way to Canton.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame recently acquired a jersey worn by quarterback Ryan Tannehill. He wore it on Oct. 25, 2015 when he completed 18 of 19 passes (94.7 percent) for 282 yards with four touchdowns, and a 158.3 passer rating – the highest attainable mark – in the Dolphins' 44-26 win over the Houston Texans.
Tannehill completed his first 18 passes and, combined with his seven completions the previous week, set an NFL record with 25 consecutive completions. Miami also became the first team in at least 75 years to score four offensive touchdowns of at least 50 yards in a half, according to STATS.
His jersey can be seen on display in the Pro Football Today Gallery.
It wasn't too long ago that a rookie Tannehill was admiring artifacts worn by other record-breaking NFL quarterbacks at the Hall of Fame. Now, he's part of history.
Sonos just announced that it's opening a public beta for Alexa support for its connected speakers, and to go along with Amazon's voice assistant, the company also announced that it'll be adding support for Google Assistant to its newly announced, voice-controlled Sonos One speaker next year.
According to Google, Assistant on Sonos One will be the same Google Assistant that it offers on all of its other devices, although Sonos hasn't clarified exactly how Assistant and Alexa will work side by side on the One just yet.
When released sometime in 2018, it'll make Sonos' new speaker the first major product to support both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant. Add in Siri support through AirPlay 2 on a connected iPhone — also coming next year — and there's a argument to be made that the Sonos One will offer the most widespread support for virtual assistants ever.
Print available at inPRNT: www.inprnt.com/gallery/tgharri…
An older version of this Image was featured on io9: io9.com/concept-art-writing-pr…
Website: www.tgharrison.com/
update: Revisited this image to make some adjustments to a few things that were bugging me a bit. I also changed the image rotation and flipped it to portrait.
Similar:
-----------*For over 4 years object S31 has remained in a stable Geosynchronous Orbit around Earth. It is theorised that the object possesses massive intelligence. No effort of communication has been successful since its initial arrival where it emitted an intense display of light in response to the orbital approach of the International Space Station.Very little is actually known about Object S31. It is the topic of much international debate and tension as to how to next proceed. It is still unclear as to what the object's intentions are. It is theorised that the object is in fact one singular organism of intelligent design (created by some other intelligent life form) yet this too is the subject of much heated debate.Though there has been no official go ahead for any nation to further attempt communication, the International Space Station has remained locked in orbit beneath it since its arrival. Due to this, the space station has rapidly undergone hardware re-purposing to make it more efficient at close range studies.*
ANKARA/ELBEYLI, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkish warplanes pounded Islamic State targets in Syria for the first time on Friday, with President Tayyip Erdoğan promising more decisive action against both the jihadists and Kurdish militants.
Ambulances leave from the Dag military post, which was attacked by Islamic State militants on Thursday, on the Turkish-Syrian border near Kilis, Turkey, July 24, 2015. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Hours after the initial attacks, fighter jets were launched in a second round against Islamic State, while others targeted militants camps of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in northern Iraq, according to local media.
Reuters was unable to confirm the second round of strikes. An attack against PKK camps in Iraq would likely mark a major blow to Turkey's already stalled peace process with the Kurds.
Friday's operations followed a telephone conversation between Erdoğan and U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday, and were accompanied by police raids across Turkey to detain hundreds of suspected militants, including from Kurdish groups.
Ankara said it had approved the use of its air bases by U.S. and coalition aircraft to mount strikes against Islamic State, marking a major change in policy that has long been a sore point for Washington.
Turkey has been a reluctant partner in the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State, emphasizing instead the need to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and said Syrian Kurdish forces also pose a grave security threat.
Erdoğan said the crack down against Islamic State would be in tandem with an attack on the PKK, which Ankara describes as a separatist organization.
“In our phone call with Obama, we reiterated our determination in the struggle against the separatist organization and the Islamic State,” Erdoğan told reporters. “We took the first step last night.”
Turkey told the United Nations on Friday that it started conducting air strikes in Syria against Islamic State militants because the Syrian government was neither capable nor willing to tackle the radical Islamist group.
Turkey has faced increasing insecurity along its 900-km (560-mile) frontier with Syria. A cross-border firefight on Thursday between the army and Islamic State, which has seized large areas of Syria and Iraq, left five militants and one soldier dead.
Turkey has also suffered a wave of violence in its largely Kurdish southeast after a suspected Islamic State suicide bombing killed 32 people, many of them Kurds, in the town of Suruc on the Syrian border this week.
Erdoğan's critics say he is more concerned with keeping Syrian Kurdish fighters in check, afraid that gains they have made against Islamic State in the Syrian civil war will embolden Turkey's own 14 million-strong Kurdish minority.
“Even though Erdoğan has so far failed to achieve his goals in Syria - the overthrow of Assad - and Islamic State has become a problem, it is nevertheless a convenient instrument for him,” said Halil Karaveli, managing editor of The Turkey Analyst, a policy journal.
“Now he has all the excuses he needs to go after the Kurds and also it makes him look very good in the eyes of the U.S., which will be happy that Turkey is on board in the coalition.”
Opposition lawmakers from the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party said Erdoğan is intent on “obstructing” the advances made by the Syrian Kurds against Islamic State.
“The real aim of today's operations is not the Islamic State, but the democratic opposition,” they said in an e-mailed statement.
News of the military operations further unnerved jittery investors, helping send the lira TRYTOM=D3 down nearly 4 percent on the week.
“WITHOUT DISTINCTION”
Three F-16 fighter jets took off from a base in Diyarbakir, southeastern Turkey, early on Friday and hit two Islamic State bases and one “assembly point” before returning, the prime minister's office said.
“We can't say this is the beginning of a military campaign, but certainly the policy will be more involved, active and more engaged,” a Turkish government official told Reuters. “But action won't likely be taken unprompted.”
Fighter jets late on Friday entered Syrian airspace to launch a fresh attack on Islamic State targets, local broadcaster NTV reported.
Dogan news agency reported that planes carried out airstrikes against PKK camps in five different areas of northern Iraq.
Police also rounded up nearly 300 people in Friday's raids against suspected Islamic State and Kurdish militants, Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said after vowing to fight all “terrorist groups” equally.
Local media reported that helicopters and more than 5,000 officers, including special forces, were deployed in the operation. Anti-terror police raided more than 100 locations across Istanbul alone, broadcasters CNN Turk and NTV reported.
One senior official told Reuters: “This morning's air strike and operation against terrorist groups domestically are steps taken as preventive measures against a possible attack against Turkey from within or from outside ... There has been a move to active defense from passive defense.”
Turkey has repeatedly said it will take any “necessary measures” to protect itself from attack by both Islamic State and Kurdish militants.
Obama and Erdoğan agreed in their call on Wednesday to work together to stem the flow of foreign fighters and secure Turkey's border.
U.S. defense officials said on Thursday that Turkey had agreed to allow manned U.S. planes to stage air strikes against Islamic State militants from an air base at Incirlik, close to the Syrian border. U.S. drones are already launched from the base.
Turkey's Foreign Ministry went further on Friday, saying it had approved coalition strikes to be launched from its air bases. That would include air fields such as the one in Diyarbakir, southeast Turkey, from where it dispatched the F-16 fighters for the attack in Syria.
The ability to fly manned bombing raids out of Incirlik against targets in nearby Syria could be a big advantage. Such flights have so far had to fly mainly from the Gulf.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Turkey's stance had frustrated some of its NATO allies, including the United States, whose priority is fighting Islamic State rather than Assad. The allies have urged Turkey to do more to prevent its border being used as a conduit to Syria by foreign jihadists.
U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the agreement with Turkey was part of an “ongoing dialogue that we've had for many, many months now on how to address ISIL in the region and defeat and dismantle it,” using an acronym sometimes used for the militant group.
H. W. Brands teaches at the University of Texas at Austin. He is the author of Andrew Jackson and other works of American history.
Donald Trump has decided to summon the spirit of Andrew Jackson as support for his neo-populist approach to politics; he recently chose a portrait of Jackson to grace the Oval Office, and his chief strategist Steve Bannon called his inaugural address “very Jacksonian.” Presumably the new president doesn't mean to claim for himself—at least not openly—the attitudes and policies for which Jackson is often excoriated today: his unquestioning acceptance of slavery and the racism on which it was based, and his harsh treatment of Indian tribes. Rather, it is Jackson's connection to the ordinary people of America that makes the seventh president appealing to the 45th. What Jackson was to America in the 19th century, Trump proposes to be in the 21st.
As a historian who has studied Jackson at length, I say: Fat chance.
Story Continued Below
In truth, the two have little in common besides the distrust they have inspired in certain elements of the political elites of their day. Trump, whose approval rating on entering the White House was the lowest in history, enjoys nothing like the great positive sentiment Jackson evoked in the average Americans of his time. And what they loved most about him was that he really was one of them. Trump's penthouse populism is a sham; Jackson's was the real thing. Jackson's father died before he was born; his mother died in his teens. Everything he achieved in life came through his own efforts. From Jackson dates the American belief that any boy could grow up to be president, for if Andy Jackson, the poor kid from the Carolina border country, could reach the White House, it must indeed be the case that talent, grit and honor could make up for the humblest beginnings.
Honor was crucial. Trump's treatment of women would have earned him the disdain of Jackson, who dueled and killed a man for insulting his wife. Jackson was a thorough gentleman in all dealings with women; he considered his deceased mother a saint and his wife, Rachel, an angel. He defended the honor of Peggy Eaton, the spouse of his friend and war secretary, John Eaton, against the aspersions of many in Washington. Peg Eaton might not have deserved Jackson's defense in the so-called Petticoat Affair, and the effort cost him politically. But he stood by her nonetheless. Had Trump been part of Jackson's circle and been heard making the boasts Trump made to Billy Bush, Jackson would have run him out of town, possibly after a thorough caning.
Had Jackson heard Trump's boasts to Billy Bush, Jackson would have run him out of town, possibly after a thorough caning.
Before becoming president, Trump held no public office and did nothing to demonstrate a commitment to public service. Jackson, before becoming president, spent much of his adult life in the service of Tennessee, his adopted state, and of the United States. He helped write the Tennessee Constitution and was a Tennessee circuit judge. He served in the U.S. House and Senate. He was the governor of Florida when it was a federal territory. Most conspicuously, he commanded the Tennessee militia and then U.S. Army troops in the War of 1812. Jackson's victory over the British at New Orleans was the signal triumph for American arms between the Revolutionary War and the Civil War. Jackson was broadly acclaimed as second only to George Washington in the pantheon of American military heroes; generations of parents named sons after Jackson, often placing both his names before their own surname. Some people questioned Jackson's politics, but no one questioned his courage or patriotism.
When Jackson was elected to the presidency in 1828, he won 56 percent of the popular vote, 12 points more than his opponent, John Quincy Adams. Trump in 2016 won a mere 46 percent of the vote, 2 points less than Hillary Clinton. At Jackson's inauguration, the crowd that came to celebrate really was the largest such gathering in American history until then. His inaugural address was becomingly modest. “I shall keep steadily in view the limitations as well as the extent of the executive power,” he declared at the Capitol. Then he rode the wave of their excitement to the White House, where he threw a reception for all who chose to join him
Trump has cast himself as the indispensable man. In his acceptance speech at the Republican convention, he described a broken political system and declared, “I alone can fix it.” Yet little in Trump's career gives confidence that he knows enough about the system to make even a start on fixing it. No corporate head—and probably not Trump himself, for his own firm—would think of hiring someone with as little job-relevant experience as Trump brought to the presidency.
Jackson, by contrast, was the indispensable man. At a moment when South Carolina threatened to secede from the Union over a tariff, Jackson made clear that secession meant war. He ordered his secretary of war to ready the troops, and he prepared to deal personally with the leaders of any secessionist movement. “Please give my compliments to my friends in your state,” he told a visiting South Carolina legislator,“ and say to them that if a single drop of blood shall be shed there in opposition to the laws of the United States, I will hang the first man I can lay my hand on engaged in such treasonable conduct, upon the first tree I can reach.” Jackson's steely response kept other states from joining South Carolina, and after a face-saving compromise on the tariff, the crisis passed.
One shudders to envision how Trump would handle a similar crisis, these days more likely in foreign affairs than domestic. Jackson's threat was believable because he had led armies in battle and had faced enemy fire; nothing in the Trump record provides even a smidgen of such credibility.
In the name of the people, Jackson took on the Bank of the United States, the dominant force in American finance. Perhaps Trump will go after Wall Street with similar vigor, though the billion-dollar Cabinet he has put together would suggest the opposite. Jackson's example in this area might be one to avoid: His defeat of the bank triggered a financial panic that wound up hurting the very people he hoped to help.
The most outrageous aspect of the Trump-Jackson analogy is the most basic. Jackson was the president who, more than any other, secured the future of democracy in America. The pre-Jackson era was the Augustan age of presidents, with George Washington being the model but his successors wearing the same mantle of aristocratic preferment. For the quarter-century before Jackson, presidents essentially anointed their successors: Thomas Jefferson chose James Madison, Madison chose James Monroe, Monroe chose John Quincy Adams. By frustrating Adams' bid for reelection, Jackson broke the mold. He became president at a time when states had abandoned their property requirements for voting and stopped insisting on long residency. Jacksonian democracy fell short of today's model; few women or African-Americans could vote. But by enfranchising nearly all adult white males and not just those who owned property, it represented a huge step forward from the unabashed elitism of the 18th century.
Trump, far from championing democracy, has dealt democracy grievous blows—apart from taking office after not coming close to winning the popular vote. Before the election he prepared for defeat by predicting that the results would be rigged. Even since winning the Electoral College vote—and being sworn into office—he has continued to insist the election was rigged. On no evidence, he alleges massive voter fraud. Further, by waging war on the media, Trump fosters a culture common in authoritarian systems in which ruling regimes assert a monopoly on truth. He appears to think that if he repeats even the most thoroughly debunked allegation often enough, it will be accepted as fact. And why shouldn't he believe this? His obdurate denial that Barack Obama was born in the United States launched his political career. It is hardly out of the question, given what we have seen of Trump, that should he lose the 2020 election, he will blame it on voter fraud. What then? Refuse to vacate the White House? This is the kind of thing dictators do, not presidents of the United States.
If Trump has the slightest political conscience or historical sensibility, he should begin at once to show that he deserves to share an office with Jackson. Instead of undermining Americans' faith in democracy, he should do whatever he can to bolster it. As long as he doesn't, he seems more likely to be the bizarro-Jackson than the real thing—not the vindicator of democracy, but the agent of its demise.
NEW DELHI: Work towards setting-up of an AIIMS in each state will be on the 100-day agenda of the health ministry under Harsh Vardhan whose thrust is on ensuring good healthcare facilities at the nearest place to the people."(It is) important that we have AIIMS in all states, so that needy from states get required care and attention in their states," said an official tweet quoting Vardhan on Friday.Official sources said the new health minister is keen on fulfilling the big-ticket promise of having an AIIMS in all states, a promise which BJP made in its manifesto.He will soon be writing to all state governments seeking their views on this issue, the sources said.(The India Instritute of Medical Sciences in New Delhi)Vardhan, a professional doctor himself, has stressed the importance of people getting all due medical care in their home states so that they don't have to travel to Delhi and other metropolitan cities.As part of its promise to provide universal health care, BJP had promised setting-up of an AIIMS in all states.Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday asked all his ministerial colleagues to set a 100-day agenda with focus on efficient governance, delivery and implementation of programmes.Modi discussed with them the priorities they have set in their respective ministries. Getting down to business, the Prime Minister yesterday asked his Cabinet colleagues to set a 100-day agenda with focus on efficient governance, delivery and implementation of programmes.(Prime Minister Narendra Modi chairing his first Cabinet meeting with his ministers)Believing that the progress of states is crucial for the country's development, he also instructed his council of ministers to give priority to the issues brought forth by the state governments as also the MPs. The directives were given by Modi at a Cabinet meeting here in the context of his 10-point vision which includes increasing investment, completing infrastructure projects in time-bound manner and exploiting the natural resources to the country's benefit.A number of governors also met the Prime Minister on Friday. Those who made the courtesy calls and conveyed their best wishes to Modi were Jagannath Pahadia (Haryana), ESL Narasimhan (Andhra Pradesh), NN Vohra (Jammu & Kashmir) and VK Duggal (Manipur).
Southern California is experiencing a shortage of nearly one million affordable homes, as the region's five counties are battling a harrowing rise in rents, a decline in incomes and an all-around housing shortage.
According to the Daily Bulletin, the nonprofit California Housing Partnership Corporation report, released on Monday, found that Southern California's five-county area needs 949,016 more affordable rental units to meet the needs of families earning 50 percent or less of the median household income.
The data are drawn from the latest “housing needs” assessment by the state-sponsored agency which was created to preserve affordable housing and advise leaders on housing policies.
Los Angeles County needs 551,807 more affordable units; Orange County reportedly needs 109,965 more affordable units; Riverside County needs 66,209 more affordable units; San Bernardino County needs 78,983 more affordable units; and San Diego County needs 142,052 affordable units.
Earlier this month, the California Housing Partnership Corporation issued a similar report showing a shortage of more than 134,000 affordable homes in four counties surrounding San Francisco: Alameda, San Mateo, Contra Costa and Sonoma counties.
Last year, Breitbart News reported that crippling home prices, traffic congestion, high taxes and the rising cost of living were contributing to “net outward migration” from California, and more specifically in the Bay Area.
“They are tired of the expense of living here,” certified moving consultant Scott McElfresh, told the San Jose Mercury News at the time. “They are tired of the state of California and the endless taxes here.”
Earlier this year, a poll released by the Bay Area Council found that approximately 46 percent of the Bay Area's millennial residents are looking to exit the increasingly unlivable Bay Area region.
That figure was up by 12 percent from last year's report from the Bay Area Council which found that 34 percent of residents wanted to exit.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow her on Facebook and Twitter.
On Saturday night, following the violence that broke out near Camden Yards, a photo of me supposedly protecting a woman from violent protesters surfaced on BuzzFeed and then trickled down to the conservative armpit of the internet where it was mischaracterized. In the photo, I look strangely heroic, and the picture was quickly co-opted by those who like to present an all-too-common and easy narrative: white people being terrorized by black people.
The truth, or as much as I have been able to cobble together from my own memory and notes, videos online, video I shot, and videos from City Paper's Managing Editor Baynard Woods, is far less interesting, though much more important than “white dude saves white lady.”
I'm not exactly sure how the violence broke out around 6 p.m. in front of Pickles Pub on Washington Boulevard and traveled up the street to The Bullpen, Sliders Bar & Grill, and Frank & Nic's West End Grille then down Howard Street. I know a small group of protesters and a small group of baseball fans started whipping bottles at one another and brawling. When the protesters turned the corner onto Washington Boulevard from Camden Street chanting “black lives matter,” some baseball fans applauded and a few angrily chanted back, “We don't care”—someone who worked at The Bullpen confirmed this for me. He also said that some patrons chanted “run them over,” and one yelled “go get them.” Other protestors, including City Paper contributor D. Watkins and gang members interviewed on WBAL, recall bar patrons calling them “niggers,” among other racist epithets.
I don't know who threw something first, but I heard a shift to jeers and boos from the people drinking and ran right over to it and saw beers being tossed from behind a gate that keeps Pickles drinkers from standing in the road and bottles being whipped back at the drinkers. Some people at Pickles stood up and moved toward the protesters though they were protected by the gate. Then, protesters pulled away the gate protecting Pickles customers from the street. Men from Pickles and elsewhere charged toward the protesters and the protesters charged the Pickles customers. It was at this point that I stopped being a journalist and became someone who was trying to help out.
A young woman from the bar threw a stool at me and others, and then affected a “come at me bro” stance. At the same time, many protesters were trying to tell the ones who were fighting and throwing things to stop causing trouble and keep moving. Some protesters began to grab bags of peanuts from a small stand and throw them at the people at the bar. The woman who threw the stool got hit in the face with a bag of peanuts and she went down. I helped her back up.
I retreated and noticed another woman from the bar, who earlier had thrown a chair (see video here, 11 seconds in), was now following the group as it moved up Washington Boulevard, pleading with them to stop. I ran up to her and told her to get back. She pushed me away, which is both a reasonable response to someone screaming at you and also a completely bizarre response to someone who is telling you to go inside, you're going to get hurt.
At some point around here, a fight started in front of Sliders. Protesters and bar customers were fighting. The videos show people on both sides who wanted to fight and were excited to fight and embraced the opportunity.
The pleading woman followed the protesters up to the bar Frank & Nic's. She was reaching out at people and yelling. I stopped her from walking toward a protester who was throwing a chair at a window, and that's when the picture was taken. City Paper contributors Caitlin Goldblatt and Gianna DeCarlo were also talking to the woman at this point and a protester with a big bag and a bottle of vodka that he clearly stole from one of the bars (it has a pourer on it) approached her. That's where we got the image of a protester, who was most certainly looting, who looks like he's stealing a purse, but I was there and I'm really not sure if that's what is happening.
In part, it also seems like it was a failure of security, who didn't stop customers from jeering at the protesters. I was also told by employees at the bars that they had a discussion beforehand about how bad it would be if O's fans who “every game, drink way too much” encountered protesters. The protesters who got violent weren't from “out of town,” by the way. Some of their faces were recognizable to me as people who had been with the protests. Here were drunk, angry, white baseball fans and bar-goers who were equally guilty for the violence that happened that night and embraced the chance to fight and provoked some of it, and any accurate narrative must acknowledge that and barely anyone has acknowledged that. If you'd like to call Baltimore County whites and Boston Red Sox fans “outside agitators,” then you've got your outside agitators.
A widely circulated Facebook message and picture
A tweet from City Paper contributor D. Watkins:
House Democrat Rep. Carolyn Maloney Carolyn Bosher MaloneyJon Stewart, 9/11 responders call on Congress to fund victim compensation program Amazon exec invites Ocasio-Cortez to tour facilities after criticism Dem lawmaker rips opposition to Amazon going into New York: 'Now we're protesting jobs' MORE (N.Y.) has introduced a bill that would require gun owners to carry liability insurance.
The Firearm Risk Protection Act, unveiled Friday, would require gun buyers to have liability insurance coverage before being allowed to purchase a weapon, and would impose a fine of $10,000 if an owner is found not to have it. Service members and law enforcement officers, however, would be exempt from the requirement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We require insurance to own a car, but no such requirement exists for guns," Maloney said in a statement. "The results are clear: car fatalities have declined by 25 percent in the last decade, but gun fatalities continue to rise.”
Maloney said auto insurance carriers incentivize drivers to take precautions to reduce accidents, but no such incentives exist for firearm owners.
“An insurance requirement would allow the free market to encourage cautious behavior and help save lives,” she said. “Adequate liability coverage would also ensure that the victims of gun violence are fairly compensated when crimes or accidents occur."
This is the second time Maloney, who is one of the biggest gun control advocates in Congress, has introduced the legislation. A few weeks ago she reintroduced legislation that would require sellers to obtain a background check for all guns sold at gun shows.
The Gun Show Loophole Closing Act, long championed by former Rep. Carolyn McCarthy (D-N.Y.), would subject anyone selling or transferring a gun to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System and require that transfers be reported to the attorney general.
Apple Stock News
After months of preparation and negotiations with Chinese banking authorities, Apple Inc. has officially launched their smartphone based payment system in China, making it the fifth market where Apple Pay is available. Apple Pay launched in 2014 in the United States, and his since spread international markets including Britain, Canada and Australia.
The electronic payment market is very popular in China; however, Apple will be competing with e-commerce giant, Alibaba Group, and their Alipay system, which currently holds the largest percentage of market share, with 270 million active users. Apple's vice president of Apple Pay, Jennifer Bailey, told Reuters “we think China could be our largest Apple Pay market.”
Apple has teamed up with UnionPay, the company that is responsible for clearing operations between Chinese national banks, in order to roll out Apple Pay in China. Apple has also paired up with merchants such as McDonald's, KFC and 7-Eleven, who will be supporting the service. This is huge move for expanding the Apple Pay Program, and it is believed that France will be the next market that Apple will enter.
Algorithmic traders utilize our daily forecasts by the Know First market prediction system as a tool to enhance portfolio performance, verify their own analysis and act on market opportunities faster. This forecast was sent to current I Know First algorithmic traders.
Our goal is to provide Apple (AAPL) shareholders with the best information possible with up-to-date news and AAPL stock forecasts based on an advanced self-learning algorithmic market prediction system.
IT is fitting that so many major news organizations have asked me to herald the coming to the United States of the artifacts from King Tut's tomb. After all, I'm the one who wrote the silly song about him. I stepped over the backs of many Egyptologists who wanted to write this article, but it's better that they learn their lesson now: silly songwriters are powerful and vicious people who will stop at nothing to write an article about subjects they have treated in a silly way.
I know that the song "King Tut" has become a standard and that many people believe it has been around for three-quarters of a century and was probably written by Cole Porter or Irving Berlin. But no, I wrote it in my car while driving -- and you probably won't believe this -- I wrote it in less than 15 minutes. The song broke musical ground in that if you look at the sheet music, there are asterisks where the notes should be, because the song has no tune. You will realize this if you hum the song in your head right now. This of course angered many so-called legitimate songwriters who have to make up melodies to go with their lyrics.
It does strike me as ironic that the song has become the standard reference work on the subject of King Tut. Many of the lines in the song are now believed to be fact. In this article I should -- as a serious scholar -- set the record straight:
King Tut was not "born in Arizona."
He did not live in a "condo made of stone-a."
King Tut did not "do the monkey," nor did he "move to Babylonia."
King Tut was not a honky.
He was not "buried in his jammies."
The song does, however, make a valid assertion that scholars still regard as a breakthrough: King Tut was, as explained in the song, "an Egyptian."
When I got a call from a high-level Egyptian museum official saying that his country was upset that my song "King Tut" was not being played worldwide as much as it should be, and asking me if I would endorse an American tour of the artifacts in order to increase awareness of my song, I humbly agreed. The gentleman said, "If we thought that our exhibit would, in some way, introduce your song to even one more person, then the whole enterprise would be worth it." I am proud to be of service.
Op-Ed Contributor Steve Martin is the author of "The Pleasure of My Company."
Op-Ed Obama: A disaster for civil liberties
He may prove the most disastrous president in our history in terms of civil liberties.
Civil libertarians have long had a dysfunctional relationship with the Democratic Party, which treats them as a captive voting bloc with nowhere else to turn in elections. Not even this history, however, prepared civil libertarians for Obama. After the George W. Bush years, they were ready to fight to regain ground lost after Sept. 11. Historically, this country has tended to correct periods of heightened police powers with a pendulum swing back toward greater individual rights. Many were questioning the extreme measures taken by the Bush administration, especially after the disclosure of abuses and illegalities. Candidate Obama capitalized on this swing and portrayed himself as the champion of civil liberties.
Protecting individual rights and liberties — apart from the right to be tax-free — seems barely relevant to candidates or voters. One man is primarily responsible for the disappearance of civil liberties from the national debate, and he is Barack Obama. While many are reluctant to admit it, Obama has proved a disaster not just for specific civil liberties but the civil liberties cause in the United States.
With the 2012 presidential election before us, the country is again caught up in debating national security issues, our ongoing wars and the threat of terrorism. There is one related subject, however, that is rarely mentioned: civil liberties.
Jonathan Turley's reply to reader comments: The difference between civil liberties and civil rights
However, President Obama not only retained the controversial Bush policies, he expanded on them. The earliest, and most startling, move came quickly. Soon after his election, various military and political figures reported that Obama reportedly promised Bush officials in private that no one would be investigated or prosecuted for torture. In his first year, Obama made good on that promise, announcing that no CIA employee would be prosecuted for torture. Later, his administration refused to prosecute any of the Bush officials responsible for ordering or justifying the program and embraced the "just following orders" defense for other officials, the very defense rejected by the United States at the Nuremberg trials after World War II.
Obama failed to close Guantanamo Bay as promised. He continued warrantless surveillance and military tribunals that denied defendants basic rights. He asserted the right to kill U.S. citizens he views as terrorists. His administration has fought to block dozens of public-interest lawsuits challenging privacy violations and presidential abuses.
But perhaps the biggest blow to civil liberties is what he has done to the movement itself. It has quieted to a whisper, muted by the power of Obama's personality and his symbolic importance as the first black president as well as the liberal who replaced Bush. Indeed, only a few days after he took office, the Nobel committee awarded him the Nobel Peace Prize without his having a single accomplishment to his credit beyond being elected. Many Democrats were, and remain, enraptured.
It's almost a classic case of the Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage bonds with his captor despite the obvious threat to his existence. Even though many Democrats admit in private that they are shocked by Obama's position on civil liberties, they are incapable of opposing him. Some insist that they are simply motivated by realism: A Republican would be worse. However, realism alone cannot explain the utter absence of a push for an alternative Democratic candidate or organized opposition to Obama's policies on civil liberties in Congress during his term. It looks more like a cult of personality. Obama's policies have become secondary to his persona.
Ironically, had Obama been defeated in 2008, it is likely that an alliance for civil liberties might have coalesced and effectively fought the government's burgeoning police powers. A Gallup poll released this week shows 49% of Americans, a record since the poll began asking this question in 2003, believe that "the federal government poses an immediate threat to individuals' rights and freedoms." Yet the Obama administration long ago made a cynical calculation that it already had such voters in the bag and tacked to the right on this issue to show Obama was not "soft" on terror. He assumed that, yet again, civil libertarians might grumble and gripe but, come election day, they would not dare stay home.
When it is operating correctly, the array of over 173,500 heliostats reflect and focus sunlight onto boiler towers that create supercritical steam to drive turbines and create electricity -- enough to power some 140,000 homes in California. It's an efficient system that also has the unfortunate side effect of incinerating birds in mid-flight, but now we can also add "solar meltdown" to the list of potential power plant disasters.
According to San Bernardino County fire Captain Mike McClintock, those misaligned mirrors were reflecting the sun's rays onto electrical wires about 300 feet up one of the boiler towers. While images from the blaze show some damage to steam ducts and water pipes, no one was injured and workers at the plant reportedly had things under control in less than 20 minutes. One of the boilers was shut down for repairs, but the plant itself remained online.
CHRIS HEDGES spent 15 years as a foreign correspondent for the New York Times, and was part of a team of reporters who won a Pulitzer prize in 2002 for the paper's reporting on global terrorism. He was awarded the Amnesty International global award for human-rights journalism the same year. Mr Hedges left the New York Times after being issued a formal reprimand for denouncing the Bush administration's invasion of Iraq. He is now a senior fellow at the Nation Institute, a non-profit media centre in New York. He also teaches inmates at a prison in New Jersey.
Mr Hedges has written 12 books covering war, religion and political issues in society. His new book, “Days of Destruction, Days of Revolt” in collaboration with Joe Sacco, a graphic artist, looks at "sacrificial zones" in America—areas where, he says, unregulated capitalism has consumed human beings and the natural world in the name of profit.
When did things start to go wrong?
In America we have undergone a corporate coup d'état and this has been part of a long process that began with the destruction of popular and radical movements during the first world war. On the eve of war America had over 70 socialist mayors and Eugene Debs [a union leader] polled 6% of the vote in 1912. Appeal to Reason [a socialist political weekly] had the fourth-highest circulation in the country.
In order to bring America into an unpopular war, Woodrow Wilson created the first system of modern mass-propaganda—the Creel Committee. It drew on “crowd psychology”, pioneered by Gustave Le Bon, Wilfred Trotter, Sigmund Freud and others, suggesting that people were not moved by appeals to reason but by emotional manipulation—what Walter Lippmann called “manufacturing consent”. Debs ended up in prison [for opposing the war] and after the war many of these people went off to Madison Avenue to work for corporations. They upended traditional American values of thrift and self-effacement and replaced them with the cult of the self, hedonism and consumption presented as an inner compulsion.
Suggested reading: “Das Kapital: A Critique of Political Economy” by Karl Marx (1867)
And yet there is always so much talk about freedom in America.
This is what makes America different from Europe. Whatever the repression, Europe still has pockets of dissent: communist labour unions in Italy and France, for example, though Britain tends to replicate the United States a little more. In America we destroyed our radical movements and disembowelled liberal institutions in the name of anti-communism. The rise of the New Left in the 1960s was very different from the radical left that existed at the turn of the century, not least because it was divorced from labour.
Once the Vietnam war was over many of the people who were active against it were integrated into an economic structure that unplugged them from social activism. Guy Debord does a good job of laying out the extent to which the counter-culture of the 1960s adopted the cult of capitalism.
Suggested reading: “The Society of the Spectacle” by Guy Debord (1967)
What about now?
Well, once this slow-motion coup d'état had taken place we began the reconfiguration of American society and the global economy into a form of neo-feudalism. In the 1970s we shifted (in the words of Harvard historian Charles Maier) from an empire of production to an empire of consumption. And we saw the rise of faux liberalism. Bill Clinton and Tony Blair spoke the “feel your pain” language of liberalism but served corporate interests.
Under President Clinton we passed the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the greatest betrayal of the working class since the Taft-Hartley Act of 1947. He destroyed welfare and deregulated the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) resulting in roughly half a dozen corporations controlling everything most Americans see or listen to. He destroyed the banking system and demolished the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act, which precipitated the global meltdown of 2008. Sheldon Wolin, a political philosopher, argues that what kept the American public politically passive was access to credit and cheap mass-produced consumer goods. Now the credit is gone and those goods aren't cheap any more.
Suggested reading: “The Great Transformation: The Political and Economic Origins of our Time” by Karl Polanyi (2002)
Are we doomed?
I used to wonder if Aldous Huxley was right or if George Orwell was right. It turns out they both were. First you've got Huxley—people bought this orgy of hedonism and, while they were stripped of power, the country was harvested. Now we've got Orwell—the security and surveillance state. I sued President Obama, and won, over the clause in the National Defence Authorisation Act (2011) that permitted the American government to use indefinite military detention.
Suggested reading: “Voltaire's Bastards: The Dictatorship of Reason in the West” by John Ralston Saul (1992)
You make it sound very planned. It seems more incremental and less like a huge conspiracy when you live through it.
I don't think it's a conspiracy. I think it's subservience to the dictates of the marketplace. This subservience has ramifications which people are not aware of. Oil companies don't think about global warming, they're focused on making as much money as they can. Look at the destruction of the western plains; they weren't thinking about the future extinction of the buffalo. It's not a conspiracy theory but it's a strange kind of myopia. You destroy the Appalachians to get the coal—blow the tops off the mountains, poison the water, turn it into a wasteland—so people in car parks and business towers can leave their lights on all night. Corporate forces are willing to sacrifice all of us, even the planet.
Bleak.
It's not new. If you look at the collapse of past civilisations—from Easter Island to the Mayan empire—you get an oligarchic elite that retreats into sanctuaries and drives the population harder and harder in order to maintain the staggering level of consumption at the upper levels. That's what's happening in American society. The difference now is that when we go down we're going to bring the whole planet with us.
Globalisation as a Utopian movement? There is nothing in history to suggest that kneeling before the dictates of the marketplace is a rational way to create a functioning civilisation. It's insane, but the systems of propaganda are such that to challenge these beliefs, that are so embedded in society as to be presented as natural law, now puts you outside the mainstream. Any centralised power that can't be challenged is totalitarianism.
Suggested reading: “Democracy Incorporated: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism” by Sheldon Wolin (2008) and “The Origins of Totalitarianism” by Hannah Arendt (1973)
The economy of the world's largest democracy is growing at a pace that is the slowest in the last three years. Jobs are being lost. Inflation is threatening to pick up. There are few takers for bank loans. Consumer confidence is down.
In May 2014, the right-wing Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) came to power under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. In the run-up to the elections, he had promised "achhe din", or "good times".
But good times are yet to come for many Indians. On the contrary, their lives and livelihoods were disrupted by the sudden decision Modi took on November 8 last year to demonetise high-denomination currency notes thereby making illegal 86 percent of the total currency in circulation.
The effect of that decision is still being felt. The government compounded the struggles of Indians citizens, especially small traders, with a trouble-plagued rollout of a radically new system of indirect taxation - the goods and services tax (GST) - from June 1 onwards.
Deepchand Yadav is a chauffeur who works in Gurgaon, a suburb of India's capital, New Delhi. He says that this Diwali, he will think twice before buying new clothes for his wife and school-aged son. He is not certain how prices will rise in the coming months, and would rather save the extra money he earns during the festive season.
He earns approximately 16,000 rupees ($245) a month. His income appears to have increased over the last two years, but in fact, after accounting for inflation, his real income has declined.
Patit Paban Mondal works as a cook in Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal state. He usually sends an extra 3,000 rupees ($45) to his ailing mother and brother who live in a remote village in the eastern Indian province. The extra money is for the festive season but, this year, he says he will have to cut his personal expenses to send the same amount of money to her.
Mondal's monthly income is 10,000 rupees ($153). According to the World Bank, Mondal's income is slightly above the average in India; the international organisation reported in 2013 that India's per capita income was $1,570 a year - a monthly average of around $130, below Mondal's $153. He says successive governments have not been able to check inflation.
The above estimates do not reflect the cost of living in India. According to the World Bank, India's per capita income in 2013 on the basis of purchasing power parity was almost 3.5 times higher at $5,350.
Mondal and Yadav are hardly alone. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the country's central bank and apex monetary authority, conducted a series of surveys across the country to gauge consumer confidence and business sentiments.
The findings, which were released on October 4, indicated all-pervasive pessimism.
Over 40 percent of the respondents of one survey said in September that the overall economic situation had deteriorated. This proportion was barely a quarter in September 2016.
Last month, the Central Statistics Office of the government of India said GDP had grown at an estimated rate of 5.7 percent in the April-June period this year, the lowest quarterly growth rate in three years.
The RBI has brought down its forecast of growth for next year (until March 31) from 7.3 percent to 6.7 percent.
The Indian economy had been growing at close to eight percent in 2014 and 2015, making it the "fastest growing" among the major economies of the world, overtaking China. But what really went wrong?
As a matter of fact, many observers of the Indian economy believe that the latest GDP figures are exaggerated, as the government tweaked the methodology of calculating national income statistics in 2016.
Former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha has claimed that the actual GDP growth rate could be two percentage points lower than what has been put out.
Though belonging to the same political party, Sinha has questioned Modi and his Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's stewardship of the Indian economy.
The unexpected November 8 decision to demonetise was justified by the government on the ground that it would drastically curb the use of illegally obtained, so-called "black money", in the economy and also constrain "terrorists" from using fake currency notes. Thereafter, government spokespersons claimed demonetisation would usher in a more transparent "cash-less" or "less cash" society.
The government's critics argue that none of these objectives has been achieved almost a year later. Instead, the economy was hampered, as people queued in large numbers outside the branches of banks in November and December.
"Demonetisation hurt the most vulnerable sections of the population: the elderly, women, daily-wage labourers, farmers and small traders," says R Ramakumar, professor of economics at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, who has edited a volume on demonetisation that will soon be published.
India has a huge youth population. The country's current demographic profile indicates that over half its total population of 1.3 billion is below the age of 25 and two-thirds are under 35. The lack of employment opportunities is a huge political and social issue.
A study of figures compiled by the government's Labour Bureau said there was an absolute decline in employment between 2013-15 and 2015-16, perhaps for the first time in the 70-year history of independent India.
The loss of jobs was especially evident in sectors that had been creating employment opportunities in the recent past, sectors such as construction, manufacturing and information technology.
The country's IT sector, which employs nearly four million people, has been in a crisis, with thousands of people laid off in the past year and many more to be made redundant in the coming years.
According to the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy, 1.5 million jobs were lost in India across all sectors in the first four months of 2017.
Most jobs in India have been created by small and medium enterprises and these businesses have been hit the hardest by demonetisation and the hasty switchover to the GST regime. The so-called "informal" or "unorganised" sector dominates the country's economy and accounts for 90 percent of jobs.
The economy has also been hamstrung by what Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian describes as a "twin balance sheet" problem. Banks, in general, and public sector banks, in particular, are saddled with huge unpaid loans - euphemistically called "non-performing assets".
Many of the loans that have not been repaid had been given to large companies that are now highly leveraged, meaning these companies are saddled with large debts on their balance sheets.
With new loans not being disbursed, investments in the manufacturing industries have slowed thereby resulting in jobs not being created.
India imports 80 percent of its total requirements of crude oil and benign prices have greatly benefitted the country's economy. Following public outrage against rising inflationary trends on account of higher transport costs, the government reduced taxes on petrol and diesel. But prices of food items could rise.
The list of economic woes in India, which also has not invested adequately in its physical and social infrastructure, is long.
No light seems visible at the end of the tunnel. Yadav and Mondal are not the only ones for whom the festival of lights has dimmed.
What's the latest trick to find a cheap fare? Book a trip to somewhere, just about anywhere, but let the airline decide where you're flying. Scott McCartney has details on Lunch Break.
Want Cheap Airfares? Let the Airline Plan Your Trip 4:56
A FATHER has been left horrified after he was accused of paedophilia when he checked into a hotel with his 13-year-old daughter.
Craig Darwell, 46, was treating his daughter Millie, 13, to a trip to an amusement park when he checked into the Travelodge hotel.
“We checked in and then I had to move my car,” Mr Darwell told The Sun.
“When I got back to reception the guy started asking me to prove I was her dad. He said it was company policy and I had to go on to Facebook to show messages I've sent to her.”
He continued: “It was bizarre and really offensive. Then he told me that he'd already called police so I had to wait for them to arrive.”
HE SAID IT RUINED HIS WEEKEND
The Travelodge Hotel, in Surrey in the UK, is situated right near Thorpe Park, the theme park the duo wanted to visit.
Craig, whose wife Sarah died from leukaemia when Millie was four, said: “This has never happened before.”
The devoted dad told The Sun it took about “two seconds” for them to realise the mistake “but it ruined the weekend for me.”
Local police in Surrey told the newspaper: “Police were called by a member of staff at the Travelodge in Chertsey on Thursday 30 March just after 8pm following a concern for safety.
“Officers attended and made no arrests, no further enquiries will take place.
“Hotels, taxi companies and other licensed premises have recently been equipped with the right knowledge to identify children who could be at risk of exploitation under Operation Makesafe.”
‘HE SHOULD BE GRATEFUL'
On social media, some people praised the response from the hotel.
One person wrote: “I understand the Dad's upset but on the other hand if Travelodge did nothing they could have turned a blind eye to something more sinister. We do need to protect our vulnerable against those monsters out there but perhaps a different approach would have been better. It's a hard one. There was nothing to hide so he should, in essence, be grateful someone out there had his kid's back.”
And another: “He should feel assured that if a daughter did get taken or groomed Travelodge could be the ones to stop anything before it happened.”
A spokesman for Travelodge told The Telegraph that while they apologised to Craig they take their “responsibilities towards protecting children and vulnerable young people extremely seriously.”
“Our colleagues are trained based on current national guidelines from the NSPCC, the police and other agencies and in the past, hotel team actions have led to successful intervention to protect young people.
“Clearly fine judgments have to be made and we deeply regret any distress or inconvenience caused to Mr Darwell on this occasion.
“We are undertaking a full investigation into the circumstances and will take careful note of any lessons learned in due course, including additional training where appropriate.”
This article originally appeared on Kidspot.
Executive Coaching Helps Businesses Prosper
Executive coaching offers a variety of benefits to any business as knowledge based training can lead to increased profitability, improved productivity and a healthier, happier working environment.
Despite difficult and uncertain economic times, businesses are investing in executive coaching to help maintain and increase profitability. Personally tailored courses have been found to drastically improve prosperous business functioning through individual and team building courses.
The benefits of this knowledge based training are becoming increasingly apparent as the costs of ignoring inherent workplace problems significantly outweigh the relatively small training fees.
Maintain High Performance
The impact of the recession on businesses was such that costs had to be cut somewhere and they were usually in the form of redundancies or cheaply hired employees that were unskilled in the areas that are usually closely focused on, like leadership skills, team working and strategic development.
The severe lack of these skills actually impairs a business' ability to perform sufficiently. The more corporate-savvy businesses have realised that these basic workplace skills are essential in maintaining performance levels, achieving targets and improving profits in difficult times. Ensure you choose a training provider that works with leading organisations to guarantee quality executive coaching and training with gainful results.
Improve Corporate Communication
Any recognised corporation will tell you that communication in the workplace is indispensible and essential for maintaining healthy working environments but you would be surprised at how many businesses neglect to act on their employee's inability to communicate effectively at work.
Poor communication can lead to unhealthy working relationships which in turn affects employee morale and enthusiasm. These negative actions can be dangerously accumulative and lead to poor decision making. Executive coaching can ensure your employees learn to trust each other and develop plans in a coherent and logical way.
Whether your staff members are going through corporate structural upheaval or just need a team building, confidence boost, bespoke corporate courses can provide the answer to a healthy, functional team.
If you are looking for cost-effective executive coaching and recognised training from highly-skilled professionals, you can find a great range of courses to help your business prosper with Brompton Associates.
Our skilled trainers have worked with leading organisations to improve team-work and communication within a company. To find out more about their coaches, training courses and workshops, contact them on: 07977 503 331 or visit their website for further information: http://www.bromptonassociates.com/
A woman from Hunan in China, who got dumped by her boyfriend for being overweight, appears to have got some quite exacting revenge on her ex.
Yang Xiaolei, do you remember last year's Spring Festival? Since I can't go home with you this year, I've made a piece of soap from my own fat to give to your mum for washing up. Chinese New Year - the time to surprise those low men who can only judge a book by its cover!
She posted what are supposedly before, during and after photos of the procedure:
It may shock you to learn that Xiaolei did not take the stunt well.
Xiaoxiao posted a screenshot of an argument the pair apparently had via text message:
Xiaolei:
Why are you making me look bad on the internet?! It was already over between us, you didn't need to go to the hospital to suck out fat and disgust me! Damn, do I judge people solely by their appearances? You didn't need to disgust my mum, or what? F--k you b---h!
Xiaoxiao:
You said I was fat. I'm sending your entire family some soap, believe it or not!
Xiaoxiao's story, which shows if nothing else an impressive commitment to poetic justice, has not been verified, but it's attracted thousands of shares and comments since it was posted last week, many of which are negative.
Sure, Watergate will never be just the office complex. And the name Willie Horton will always refer to more than just a criminal. But for Swift boat veterans, the name theft is more personal. When they talk about Swift boats, they recall friends and crewmates killed, countless moments of sheer terror in their young lives, the pain of coming home to a country that offered less than a hero's welcome.
“It's completely inappropriate,” said Michael Bernique, a highly regarded Swift boat driver who led missions up a canal that became known as Bernique's Creek. “The word should connote service with honor, which is what was conducted. Anything that demeans that honor is shameful.”
In an April column in Proceedings magazine of the United States Naval Institute, Harlan Ullman, a Swift boat driver in Vietnam and a Pentagon consultant known as a creator of the “shock and awe” concept, wrote: “It is time to ban a word that is at once offensive, demeaning and obscene both to and for anyone serving in the naval profession. That word is ‘Swiftboating.' ”
This month, a group of veterans who served with Mr. Kerry took up the challenge by Boone Pickens, the billionaire Texas oilman who helped finance the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth in 2004, that he would give $1 million to anyone who could disprove anything in the group's campaign against Mr. Kerry.
“One of the prime reasons we've done this is the way it's taken on the connotation of political sport versus honoring those that sacrificed everything,” said Fred Short, who was in the gun tub of a Swift boat during one of the firefights that the veterans group said Mr. Kerry had exaggerated.
Before 2004, Swift boats — also known as Patrol Craft Fast, or P.C.F.'s — were 50-foot aluminum boats, just big enough for an officer, five enlisted men and a Vietnamese interpreter. There were about 110 of them as part of the so-called brown water navy in Vietnam, boats agile enough to patrol the shallow waters near shores where the North Vietnamese were sending small craft filled with munitions and supplies. They conducted some of the most harrowing missions of the war.
“The bad guys shot you on the way up the river, and they knew you had to come back down,” said John Scholl, who served as an officer in charge from May 1968 to May 1969.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There was no room for politics.
“What you cared about was the five guys on the boat,” Mr. Scholl said. “You didn't get involved in what Johnson was doing, you all just wanted to make sure you succeeded in the operation. I always say, ‘I was 24, and I was much older than I am now.' ”
Photo
The Swifties, as they call themselves, were a fairly loose fraternity until the mid-1990s, when they gathered at the dedication of a refurbished boat in Washington. Now, the Swift Boat Sailors Association holds a reunion every two years.
On Swiftboats.net, Larry Wasikowski tends to a crew list, a history of the boats and even archives of newsletters that various crews sent home to their families from 1966 to 1969. Mr. Wasikowski and the sailors' association grant the designation of “Swiftie” meticulously, requiring extensive official documentation from anyone who claims the title.
By the association's count, about 3,600 men served aboard Swift boats in Vietnam, 600 officers and 3,000 enlisted. About 200 signed the letter that became the basis of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth campaign in 2004. In advertisements, a best-selling book and extensive news media appearances, they accused Mr. Kerry of fabricating exploits to win his military decorations and a discharge just four months into a yearlong tour.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Navy documents contradicted many of their accusations, but the claims undermined what Democrats had hoped would be Mr. Kerry's strength.
Regardless of what they thought of Mr. Kerry, many Swift boat veterans objected to the attacks.
“It was unconscionable,” said Stan Collier, who served as an officer in charge on a boat based in Qui Nhon. “I thought those boys struck a new low.”
Mr. Collier considers himself a conservative and did not agree with Mr. Kerry's politics, but he voted for him to protest the Swift boat campaign. “We've all been attributed to the sleaziness that those guys assigned to Kerry,” he said. “I think we've all been demeaned.”
As Mr. Miller said, “People don't know about us; they know about those few TV advertisements.”
Mr. Wasikowski, who signed the original letter, said some Swift boat veterans dropped out of the sailors' association because they thought it was connected to the campaign against Mr. Kerry. And many former sailors watched with dismay as the noun became a verb.
“When someone's Swiftboated, it's like being waterboarded,” said Sandy Wilcox, who keeps a model of the Swift boat he skippered on the credenza in his office in Wisconsin.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The new meaning of Swift boat stings worst for the men who served with Mr. Kerry, who say that, by implication, the attacks tarnished their military decorations. “I don't have a lot in this world — my service means a whole lot to me,” Mr. Short said. “It's been besmirched, I guess would be a good word. Whether they meant it or not.”
Mr. Pickens refused to pay on his challenge, and he suggested that the Swift boat colleagues who submitted records and other materials in defense of Mr. Kerry take up their disagreement with the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.
For their part, group members say they take nothing back. “We didn't back down,” Mr. Wasikowski said.
Still, even some Swift boat veterans associated with the anti-Kerry group say they do not like what “Swift boat” has become.
“It's taken on a life of its own,” Mr. Wasikowski said. “The problem is, it's on the wrong side. We would like to be remembered as the one operation in Vietnam that succeeded, totally.”
The Swift Boat Sailors Association has attached a disclaimer to its Web site disavowing any “express or implied” political ties.
Signing the association's online guestbook in October, “Carlo” expressed his appreciation: “I think it's disgraceful that a handful of people have managed to turn ‘Swift boat' into a synonym for ‘To smear somebody with lies,' ” he wrote. “I hope you guys can take the term back to connote bravery, courage and sacrifice, like it always has.”
The news of President Obama's Nobel Peace Prize coincidentally came to me last week during a Peace Studies Conference. As in many corners, people there were speculating about the motivations for giving this prestigious award to an untested president who has yet to create a legacy of peace in his short tenure. Many, of course, truly hope that Obama turns out to be a great peacemaker, but future longings are not supposed to be the essence of this award based primarily on accomplishments and not conjecture.
It is true that the president has made some important statements about ridding the world of nuclear weapons, notably this one on the campaign trail in the summer of 2008:
"It's time to send a clear message to the world: America seeks a world with no nuclear weapons.... [W]e'll make the goal of eliminating all nuclear weapons a central element in our nuclear policy."
He followed this with similar rhetoric earlier this year while touring Europe:
"I will lay out an agenda to seek the goal of a world without nuclear weapons.... We can't reduce the threat of a nuclear weapon going off unless those that possess the most nuclear weapons, the United States and Russia, take serious steps to reduce our stockpiles. So we want to pursue that vigorously in the years ahead."
It is possible that the Nobel committee had such statements in mind during their award deliberations. As others have speculated, it is also possible that they were: (a) rebuking George Bush's policies of brinksmanship, saber-rattling, and open aggression; (b) calling on Obama's "better angels" and attempting to tamp down the pressures impelling him toward escalation of warfare as the leading edge of U.S. foreign policy; and/or (c) bolstering his nascent rhetoric and acknowledging the historic nature of his election as President. But in light of the subsequent Nobel Prize in Economics, there may have been an even subtler rationale at work here, as implied by the committee's announcement:
"Elinor Ostrom has challenged the conventional wisdom that common property is poorly managed and should be either regulated by central authorities or privatized. Based on numerous studies of user-managed fish stocks, pastures, woods, lakes, and groundwater basins, Ostrom concludes that the outcomes are, more often than not, better than predicted by standard theories. She observes that resource users frequently develop sophisticated mechanisms for decision-making and rule enforcement to handle conflicts of interest, and she characterizes the rules that promote successful outcomes."
Make no mistake, despite the somewhat tame Nobel committee description, Ostrom's body of work is inherently radical, demonstrably anti-corporate, and implicitly socialistic. Her basic premise is that the purported "tragedy of the commons" -- in which privatization of resources is viewed as the only realistic antidote to their complete exploitation -- is actually an inversion of logic and reality, and that in fact the most sustainable forms of resource management are collective, cooperative, egalitarian, and decentralized in nature. Citing empirical case studies from around the world, Ostrom's work demonstrates how people in localities on every continent have crafted and maintained elegant solutions to what might otherwise become conflict-ridden scenarios involving competition over dwindling essential resources.
In choosing to honor her, the Nobel selection committee has provided an intriguing buttress against the self-referential "only money matters" work of people like Milton Friedman, and has extended its influence into a new generation of economics premised on sustainability and community-based management. Whereas the 1998 selection of Amartya Sen indicated a willingness to embrace emerging views that nevertheless remained within the dominant "money matters" framework, Ostrom's selection evidences an impetus to include within the terrain of economics those visions of human discourse and practice that exist largely outside of commonplace touchstones such as inflation, production, consumption, or distribution. Ostrom, in essence, exceeds crass materialism.
By conceptualizing the commons as a locus of resource management rather than exploitation, Ostrom not only focuses on the hardware involved in such systems but on the software as well. In her empirical case studies, great attention is paid to the non-hierarchical forms of decision-making and non-reified authority that pervade the administration of these "common pool resources." Ostrom observes that when people resist externalization of control over those resources and instead decide to take on the challenges of collective self-management -- thus rejecting both classical liberalism and conservatism alike -- not only is the resource base preserved but the spirit of democracy is bolstered as well. This necessitates not only rough political equality, but also a strong undercurrent of mutualism that is often masked in competition-based frameworks.
Still, Ostrom is careful to resist concluding that people in common-pool systems are somehow nicer or more culturally-predisposed toward cooperation and mutual aid. Indeed, her examples and cases span the world, and they reflect the essential (and perhaps even radical) notion that people can and will inculcate the virtues of concerted action and common humanity not because it is morally efficacious but more so because it actually works in practice. Cooperation and egalitarianism, it turns out, are viable and sustainable practices both socially and ecologically, nothing more nor less than that.
In highlighting these insights by honoring Ostrom, the Nobel committee perhaps had another aim in mind, namely to challenge the pejorative use of socialism in American politics as something akin to fascism. Obama himself is often coded as both a socialist and a fascist by oppositional demagogues, and his simultaneous honoring may be a way of taking note of this and subtly challenging its illogic. Whatever one thinks of Obama's Nobel honor, the real story in this awards cycle is that economics has been resurrected as a site of community, stability, and sustainability -- in other words, as a source of hope.
A “sadistic” bully who assaulted and terrorised two young boys by hanging them from doors and locking them in cupboards has been jailed for five years.
David Lamb, 47, of Chatsworth Road, Chesterfield, was “persistently cruel” to his victims in Accrington during the 1990s and caused them “physical, emotional and psychological” damage, Preston Crown Court heard.
The court heard how Lamb frequently hanged the boys from doors with their clothes and on one occasion locked them in a dark cupboard before playing music from War of the Worlds very loudly to “scare them”.
He also used lizards to bite their fingers, put a gas mask on one of the victims so he was in a panic and couldn't breathe and also tied him to a dog lead before making the dog run and drag him along the floor.
A victim impact statement read out at court from one of the victims said it left him feeling “very lonely, worthless and depressed”.
Lamb was found guilty after a trial to three counts of child cruelty and was jailed for five years.
Julian Taylor, prosecuting, told the court how he failed to attend his trial in March this year and was found guilty in his absence by a jury.
He told the court that Lamb couldn't be traced “despite strenuous efforts” and was found after the trial “hiding under a bed” at a house in Bolton.
Jonathan Duffy, defending, said Lamb “denied and continues to deny the conduct against him” and said it is “either exaggeration or fabrication”.
Mr Duffy said Lamb was “nasty and uncaring” but did nothing to “give rise to criminal liability”.
He told the court that this was “bullying behaviour over a period of time” but none of the violence or assaults resulted in “actual bodily harm” injuries.
He said: “He accepts he knew or should have known to come and attend the trial.
“He thought it was due to be in May.”
Judge Simon Baker said Lamb was a “domineering and manipulative man” and was “persistently cruel”.
Sentencing, he said: “You physically assaulted each child on many occasions over a number of years. There were quite remarkable allegations made by both of the boys that they were hung up by their clothing and at times they struggled to breathe and couldn't get down.”
Judge Baker said Lamb found the ill-treatment of the boys “quite amusing” and “took pleasure in terrifying” all three victims.
He also condemned Lamb for being “wilfully absent” from the trial and “prolonging the agony and distress of the witnesses”.
Speaking after the case one of the victims said Lamb's jail sentence was “not long enough”.
The mother of one of the other victims added: “He is a monster.”
United States Champion, Intercontinental Champion, World Tag Team Champion and World Heavyweight Champion. Not to mention one of the young rising stars in the WWE.
Nick Nemeth, known by his WWE character Dolph Ziggler, has represented the city of Cleveland very well on such a huge stage.
The 31-year-old St. Edward and Kent State product has been wrestling since the age of 5 and has had success at every level on his road to the WWE.
From holding the school record for most pins in a career with 82 in high school to having 121 career wins between 2000 and 2003 at Kent State, Nemeth has brought that excellence to millions each week across the country.
The political science major and pre-law minor college graduate was a three-time All-Mid-American Conference champion, winning the 165 lb tournament in 2000, 2002, and 2003, and is the last wrestler from the university to have won three amateur wrestling championships.
With WWE's 'Monday Night RAW' coming to Cleveland on March 12, I had the chance to speak with Nemeth about growing up in Lakewood and being a huge Cleveland sports fan. We also discussed his career and his dream Wrestlemania opponent.
Being a Cleveland sports fan all his life:
"I went to them all. The Cavaliers used to play at the Richfield Coliseum and I actually went to say them when I was a little kid. Mark Price, Brad Daugherty, Larry Nance, all those guys. We used to have to drive 40 minutes to get out there just to see a Cleveland game. It was fun, we used to make a whole day out of it going to see the Cavs or even a WWE show. Always a big fan of the Browns, of course. No wonder how bad they lost or how much we froze to death out there, we still went to the games to watch them lose."
"Every summer I look back to getting there a couple times and seeing a couple games. If you saw The Miz throw it, it's kind of like a little girl or little boy throwing the ball for the first time. Kind of like me throwing left-handed. You would see a real athlete do well and make the city proud, the city I'm actually from, Cleveland, even though he (The Miz) is not. Couldn't wait and be more happy to do it. I'd love to be on the field for Browns game too. Fan of all the Cleveland sports teams, but I'm more pro-Browns than anyone."
"I heard a rumor that he's possibly coming back. I don't know. I forgive and forget. Also, I have a really bad memory, I used to fall down a lot. He gave it a long try and it didn't work out. If he is looking to come back, I think he went about leaving the wrong way if he is looking to come back to this town. Even though we are more than happy to do well and have a hometown kid, when you kind of kick us in the crotch and leave town, it's hard to come back in. We are also very forgiving because for 25 years we sat through Browns games and always stood by them. I'm sure we will give him a second chance. Going to take some boos, but that's what happens when you punch us in the stomach and walk away."
"The Richfield Coliseum show I mentioned before, featuring Hulk Hogan vs. Harley Race in 1984 or 85. My dad took me, I was five years old. We saw that show and I told him 'can I start wrestling?'. Two months later, he signed me up for wrestling. Just once or twice a week. But at five years old, I started and I never stopped. All the way through high school and college. I still go back around Christmas and wrestle around with the St. Edward guys sometimes. Been a huge fan all my life. I'm living my dream and I continue to do every single day."
"Yeah, it was my first time. At least that's what I told her. Honestly, that thing is crazy. I like to go above and beyond. I never give less than 100%. But that thing hurt like hell. I tried to sacrifice every ounce of my body to somehow stay in it all the way and ended up coming a little short. But at least The Miz was out there. So at least he wasn't in a gym or wrestling school somewhere, we know he was in that match."
"You know what, I'm out there to give 100% and I do what I think is best. I really don't care what other people think. I know a lot of people like that song. I liked that song. I'm done being perfection. I still do on a day-to-day basis, I just don't need to let everyone know about it. I'm 'Here to Show the World' is simply put, every single night when I go out there, I steal the show. I do what I do best and that's take it away from every one else. And when everyone else goes to Wrestlemania to see Rock vs. Cena, there going to leave knowing I stole the show."
"Well, I was watching a lot of I.R.S. and Brooklyn Brawler tapes at the time. I really liked the way they closed-out matches. I got a little over-zealous and thought I could still be myself and kind of portray people I'm huge fans of. And obviously you got to go out there and stick with what you know and what you are. I got to be myself. So long, blonde hair bouncing around and taking care of business in the ring. I knew it was a little bit of a mistake. But without valleys, there are no peaks. So, you got to go down to go up. I learned a lesson to just be myself out there."
"Shawn Michaels, 1997. That's someone who could actually hang with me for 60 minutes, Iron Man Match. Let everyone know who is the best ever, not just best in the world who puts it on a t-shirt or shows up for six months a year. But someone on the roster right now, it would be Tyson Kidd. Me and him go out there and tear it up. Show everyone what wrestling is really about. And still make them care. And have them come away knowing that's the best match they have ever seen."
"Yes, it's always great to go back there. I have a lot of friends, a lot of fans. A lot of people who hate me from high school and college that I stole their girlfriends from or whatever the deal is. Either way, there are people reacting because they know me. I love going back to Cleveland. I like to go out there and let everyone know that I'm representing Cleveland when I go out in the ring and put on the best match of the night."
Ziggler will be coming back home on Monday, March 12, at Quicken Loans Arena as 'Monday Night RAW' will be live in Cleveland
You can also check out Ziggler's YouTube show called "WWE Download", which features a new episode every Tuesday.
And be sure to follow Ziggler on Twitter: @HEELZiggler.
Italian ambassador to Ireland Giovanni Adorni Braccesi Chiassi has said there is growing tension in Italy over the large numbers of migrants landed after rescue in the Mediterranean.
However, the ambassador has welcomed the Government's decision to deploy a Naval Service patrol ship for a third year in a row under a bilateral arrangement between Italy and Ireland. Mr Adorni was commenting after the LÉ Eithne sailed for the Mediterranean this week.
About 30 people including children are believed to have drowned off the Libyan coast on Wednesday when an overcrowded craft with some 500 on board listed.
At least 1,360 people are believed to have drowned already since the start of this year on the busiest and most perilous migrant route to Europe, from Libya.
Mr Adorni said the delay in signing off on the agreement to allow the LÉ Eithne to sail was “bureaucratic”.
The Naval Service patrol ship under the command of Cmdr Brian Fitzgerald had been ready to sail since May 1st.
Tensions
Mr Adorni said the delay had no connection with reported tensions between a Naval Service ship and the Italian Coastguard in 2015, which emerged during a trial of several alleged traffickers in Sicily earlier this month.
He also said that delays in Ireland's acceptance of refugees under an EU relocation programme to assist Italy and Greece were “bureaucratic”, and he had no doubts about Ireland's commitment to the programme.
An estimated 60,000 people have been landed into Italian ports since the beginning of this year, he said, and there was increasing political pressure over the large numbers, and a sense that other EU countries should be part of the solution.
That pressure was fuelled by criticism earlier this year of some non-governmental organisations (NGOs) involved in refugee rescue by EU border agency Frontex head Fabrice Leggeri.
In an interview with Germany's Die Welt newspaper in February, Mr Leggeri called for rescue operations to be re-evaluated, and accused NGOs of ineffectively co-operating with security agencies against human traffickers.
Last year, Mr Leggeri had said that saving migrants' lives in the Mediterranean should “not be the priority for the maritime patrols he is in charge of”, despite the demand for a more humane response from Europe.
NGOs have defended their actions, pointing out that their presence in the Mediterranean is necessary because of a lack of commitment by some EU member states to rescue missions.
Mr Adorni said there had been sittings of the Italian senate's defence committee on the issue of NGO involvement.
“After having heard the various parties involved – NGOs, Italian Coast Guard and the judicial authorities – a report was recently published . . . to regulate the collaboration between NGOs and the naval forces in the rescue operations,” he said.
The Naval Service's Operation Pontus has resulted in the rescue of 15,621 migrants since May, 2015. The Irish-Italian initiative spearheaded by then marine and defence minister Simon Coveney was set up after an international outcry when an estimated 900 migrants drowned in the Mediterranean in April 2015.
Italy had launched its own search and rescue mission in 2013 after 366 migrants drowned off the island of Lampedusa, but its Mare Nostrum project was then replaced by a more limited EU Triton operation which was focused on border control.
Today I checked one of the solutions made by our Junior Rails Developer class student. As part of the course they make Rails apps but also learn from smaller code examples delivered by exercism.io.
I found there an opportunity for him to learn more about a few things…
That's his code which inspired me for a reflection.
string = '' string += 'Pling' if num % 3 == 0 string += 'Plang' if num % 5 == 0 string += 'Plong' if num % 7 == 0 string += num . to_s if string . empty? string
I recommended reading about #tap ; how one could use a Hash to remove some duplication. I also thought it could be a good occasion to talk about how Ruby String's are mutable but in some time string literals will be immutable . The keyword here is literals.
Let's focus on a very small part of the code:
string = '' string += 'Pling' if num % 3 == 0
We could easily refactor it to:
string = '' string << 'Pling' if num % 3 == 0
But not when string literals are enabled to be immutable.
rvm use ruby-2.3.0 RUBYOPT=--enable-frozen-string-literal irb
s = "" s . frozen? # => true s << "asd" # RuntimeError: can't modify frozen String
Obviously, because s = "" is a string literal.
In such case we would need to go with a less elegant solution probably:
string = String . new string << 'Pling' if num % 3 == 0
because
s = String . new s . frozen? # => false s << "asd" # => "asd"
So just be aware that in upcoming Ruby versions s = "" and s = String.new might not be equal. And in the case when you are building a new string via multiple transformations or concatenations the 2nd version might be preffered.
I wonder if some time later ruby (4 ?) will make all Strings immutable (not only those created via literals) and introduce StringBuilder class like .Net or Java has?
Happy 2017!
With assistance from friends, El Refugio opened as a hospitality house in 2010 in southwest Georgia's Stewart County, under the direction of Amy and PJ Edwards, members of St. Thomas the Apostle Church, Smyrna. Photo By Michael Alexander
Facebook
Twitter
Refuge Place El Refugio opened in 2010 in Lumpkin , near the Stewart Detention Center, where 1,700 male detainees are held. It was fueled in part by Catholics who want to put into practice Catholic social teaching.
, near the Stewart Detention Center, where 1,700 male detainees are held. It was fueled in part by Catholics who want to put into practice Catholic social teaching. The house of hospitality helps family members, many of whom drive hundreds of miles to visit relatives, by providing comfort, a place to rest, and food. In 2014, it served nearly 200 overnight guests. Volunteers staff the house and its services are free.
Volunteers staff the house and its services are free. El Refugio also facilitates humanitarian visits between volunteers and detainees whose families live too far away to travel to Lumpkin. Video Visit El Refugio
LUMPKIN—Inside this cozy yellow bungalow, the kitchen smells of fried chorizo, onions and peppers, and scrambled eggs. A fresh pot of coffee is ready by 7 a.m. as guests awaken in the three bedrooms.
A mile from the barbed wire surrounding Stewart Detention Center in rural southwest Georgia sits this house of hospitality with its small front porch. Family members who drive hundreds of miles to spend one hour visiting detainees at the center can find comfort and rest here. The plainly furnished house is known as El Refugio (“the shelter”).
On a recent weekend, 30-year-old Sandra Portillo drove from North Carolina, leaving the family home at 4 a.m. She visited her detained Mexican husband, who has been held for a year and a half, for an hour, she said. She stopped for a lunch of grilled cheese sandwiches and soup at El Refugio before the next six hours on the highway. Her three tykes ran around the grassy yard. It was her second visit to El Refugio, which has lifted the loneliness of a detention center visit, said Portillo.
“I feel this was family. They were really helpful,” she said. “We could come here and rest for a little while.”
Without El Refugio, Melissa Sandoval and her granddaughter faced a night sleeping in her truck.
Sandoval, who lives in Rome, drove from there for the weekend in Lumpkin. They visited her husband, an undocumented immigrant native of Mexico. She said he was taken into custody on a traffic stop.
After a night's sleep and breakfast at the shelter, she said, “Now, I feel so blessed.”
More than 1,700 immigration detainees held
What draws family members to this rural city is the privately run, medium security Stewart Detention Center. It is one of more than 250 immigration detention centers in 28 states, according to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. The private Corrections Corporation of America manages the facility. It has beds for 1,752 men. Rules allow visitors to see detainees for one hour a week. A plexiglass barrier separates them from their loved ones as they talk over a phone.
Activists have complained about Stewart. The Southern Poverty Law Center filed concerns with government officials over how practices there interfere with detainees' access to lawyers. Legal representation can have a critical effect on detainee cases. According to the SPLC letter, dated March 21, 21 percent of immigrants with lawyers have success in immigration court nationwide versus only 2 percent who are unrepresented.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman Bryan Cox rejected the claim about lack of legal access. “As a matter of policy attorneys are allowed access to their clients in ICE detention. Any claim to the contrary is something we'd categorically dispute,” he said in an email.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia in 2011 raised concerns about detainees facing abuse of authority, lack of access to lawyers, and about transferring detainees to a remote area of Georgia, away from family support.
Nearly 205,000 parents of U.S.-citizen children were detained and deported between July 2010 and October 2012, according to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops' Office of Migration Policy.
To supporters, El Refugio is a Christian response to serve the wives, children and loved ones of the detainees, whose immigration status in the United States is in question. Some entered without documentation. Others have overstayed after entering legally while some face deportation after committing a crime. They await an appearance in immigration court or deportation.
To their families, home is the word used to describe this one-bathroom refuge, where a crayon drawing of a tree filled with birds is taped to the refrigerator. Walls are covered with pictures drawn by a child's hand and framed letters of thanks written by families. Kids pull out the Etch-a-Sketch toy. The large backyard draws most of the youngsters for games of chase and soccer. The three bedrooms are filled with bunk beds with room to sleep nearly a dozen. Families are not expected to pay for their overnight visit, although some slip the coordinators a few dollars.
Marilyn McGinnis is a member of the Atlanta Mennonite Fellowship. She travels to Lumpkin about every six weeks to serve as a host at El Refugio.
“It's a tangible way to make a difference on an issue (people) feel passionate about, but also feel powerless to change,” she said, adding this service makes a difference in the lives of people going through a crisis.
“Each weekend leaves me emotionally drained and physically tired, but the opportunity to serve neighbors in a time of need is extremely rewarding,” said Kimberly Nigro, who lives in Chamblee and attends Atlanta Christian Church. A former missionary in El Salvador, Nigro heard “countless stories” of individuals risking safety to come to the United States, she said.
“I was moved by the idea of a ministry of hospitality and visitation as a way to ‘welcome the stranger' despite our nation's unwelcoming policies,” she said.
El Refugio leaders inspired by Catholic social teaching
The doors opened in 2010. Inspired by the JustFaith program and Catholic social teaching, PJ Edwards and his wife, Amy, simplified their life dramatically. Along with that, the couple helped to start El Refugio.
PJ left a white-collar management career track and dedicates his time to nonprofit and advocacy work. Edwards joked he now uses his “evil business skills for good.” Amy continues her corporate consulting job. The couple, both 45, and members of St. Thomas the Apostle Church, in Smyrna, have two children.
What fuels their mission is the church's stance on human dignity. Catholic social teaching's core principle is every person is created in the image of God and therefore is invaluable and worthy of respect, according to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
“Walking with these families, they are some of the bravest, most courageous people that we have met. It has really been a gift for us to be a part of it,” said Edwards.
The couple drives the nearly 150 miles south from Atlanta to serve as coordinators of the house several weekends a year.
Many detainees are sent to Stewart from faraway states to fill beds. El Refugio maintains a long list of detainees who have no regular visitors and directs a steady flow of students and faith-based groups to talk with those without family nearby.
The house runs on donations to cover its $800 a month cost of rent and utilities, mostly from other graduates of the JustFaith program. Volunteers prepare meals and snacks for the families. Grants complement the aid from individual donors, including from Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services, the American Immigration Lawyers Association, CIVIC, and the Catholic Foundation of North Georgia, said Edwards.
In 2014, the house welcomed nearly 200 overnight guests. The organizers facilitated 342 visits to 152 different detainees, according to Edwards. It was done with the help of 335 volunteers willing to serve.
The only certainty about a weekend here is the unknown. A small billboard at the entry of the detention center could catch a visitor's eye and they will show up or people make plans to stay here but don't come. The house and its volunteers stand out from the crowd.
“It is such an unusual thing—people just offering Christian hospitality, particularly these white faces—to these people that all they hear on the news is how much Americans hate them and they are unwelcome here and we're going to build a wall,” said Edwards.
For Amy, the effort is being present to people, with an open door and food at the ready.
“There is not a lot I can do. I can't create the miracle. I can't fix or change massive systems that exist within the United States, and that we need to all talk through, but I can be there for another human being,” she said.
The service isn't always easy. She said for about a year she felt annoyed about waking up at 6 a.m. on weekends to drive three hours, but “then there is this great peace.”
Six years on, the detention center remains open. Edwards isn't discouraged because faith at times demands sitting with people.
“It is frustrating that things don't progress as quickly as I would like them to, but at the same time, it is part of our practice, it is part of our faith practice to come here and be present,” he said.
“It is really practicing and exercising your faith,” said Edwards, “to bring these values out of Smyrna, out of our house, and to try and practice them here.”
Around El Refugio's large table, a family from New York City is eating breakfast. Debora Calderon, her husband, and three kids pack up the pickup truck. They drove for 18 hours the day before to visit her teenaged brother, a native of Honduras, for one hour. They will visit again for another hour before driving back up the East Coast to their home. Calderon is able to stay in the United States with what is called temporary protected status because of the damage caused by Hurricane Mitch to her country. She said her brother fled Honduras more recently because gang members showed up at their mother's house and he also received threats from the police.
“We try to do the right way, but it's not possible,” she said.
It's her family's second visit to El Refugio. She said, “God is good. In a bad situation, somebody is doing good.”
Figure 1 A 21-year-old dental assistant attempted suicide by injecting 10 ml (135 g) of elemental mercury (quicksilver) intravenously. She presented to the emergency room with tachypnea, a dry cough, and bloody sputum. While breathing room air, she had a partial pressure of oxygen of 86 mm Hg. A chest radiograph showed that the mercury was distributed in the lungs in a vascular pattern that was more pronounced at the bases. The patient was discharged after one week, with improvement in her pulmonary symptoms. Oral chelation therapy with dimercaprol was given for nine months, until the patient stopped the treatment; the urinary mercury level did not change during this period. At follow-up at 10 months, she was healthy, with none of the renal, gastrointestinal, or neurologic effects that can result from the oxidation of mercury in the blood and consequent exposure of these organ systems. The abnormalities on the chest radiograph were still apparent. Although these abnormalities are striking, the absence of clinical toxicity in this patient illustrates the differences in the acute and chronic effects of exposure to elemental mercury, inorganic mercury (e.g., mercuric chloride), and organic mercury (e.g., dimethylmercury). Inorganic and organic mercury are much more toxic than elemental mercury; for example, a dose of 400 mg of mercury in the form of dimethylmercury is usually lethal.
Religion's Decline in US: Let's Push it Over the Cliff.
The Harris Interactive Poll of November 2013 demonstrates the continuing trend of secularization in the US.
Religion is still a formidable force as the majority of US citizens yet identify as religious in some way. However, the trend in belief in god and other religious claims is clearly down in America especially with regards just how religious someone describes themselves and how much a person thinks god is active in the world (deism vs. theism). Some of the highlights of the Harris report are summarized below.
1. Belief in God
From 2005 to 2013, belief has dropped another 8%; down to 74% of the population reporting a belief in god. In another section of the report over the ten year period from 2003-2013, only 54% are absolutely certain there is a god, with another 14% answering as somewhat certain, a total of only 68%.
In line with these figures, 32% of Americans reported in 2013 that they are either certain there is no god or unsure if there is one. This clearly describes nearly a third of the population as atheist or agnostic with another 14% not certain there is a god. We're nearly down to only half the US population who remain as unquestioning believers in god!
2. Religiosity
In another portion of the Harris poll, individual's religiosity was measured and the numbers show an even stronger trend. Only 19% characterized themselves as very religious, with 23% identifying as not religious at all. The remainder, nearly 60% of Americans identified as “not very” or only “somewhat” religious! How godly or Christian is that? Similarly, a 2012 Pew research shows that only 36% of Americans attend church weekly.
According to the 2008 American Religious Identification Survey 76% of Americans identify as Christian, 4% as other religions and 20% don't identify with any religion. Once again, different surveys appear to put the numbers in the same ballpark.
The various polls and different questions all point to the same conclusion: despite most Americans yet identifying as Christians, most are not very religious and many aren't so sure about god. The decidedly, openly non-religious and non-believers make up at least 1/4 to 1/3 of the population and most of the rest though claiming to be Christian of some kinds are not very religious and may be questioning their beliefs.
3. God's Control of the Earth
In line with the above findings, again from the Harris 2013 data, 33% of us don't think god exists or if he did, he does not “observe or control” what occurs on earth, again very much in line with the numbers of non-religious and non-believers reported elsewhere in the poll. But another 37% of Americans who are most likely believers identifying as Christians believe only that god merely observes but does not control what happens on earth, a decidedly deistic perspective. Only 29% claim god controls what happens on earth!
Consider that over half of Christians then, when pressed, may only believe in a rather deistic god; the god of Thomas Jefferson and Isaac Newton who created the clockwork universe and let it go without intervention by miracles or the answering of prayers very often, maybe not at all. This comports again with the only 19% that consider themselves “very religious”.
Christianity, while yet claiming the majority in overall numbers (though definitely declining) is losing a lot of ground from within as its adherents question it claims and dogmas, including belief in god and following Christian practices.
4. Religious Claims
From 2005-2103 belief in individual religious ideas such as angels, heaven, hell, the resurrection, miracles, the devil, survival of the soul, the virgin birth, etc., are all down 3-7% as well. None have risen (pun intended) which again agrees with all the declines in belief in god, religiosity, and theism described above.
There is a lot of talk within the secular community of uniting and becoming a formidable political force. We already are, and growing and maybe have a lot more US citizens who still identify as believers than anyone dares admit that are inclining toward a great deal of secular thinking.
Many appear to be less hornswaggled by the tenets of their religion, and many are questioning or outright pulling away from the individual claims.
5. Creationism
Consider that 1/4 to 1/3 of those polled are unsure about either Evolution or Creationism. While belief in Creationism has held steady at around 36% of the population over the last ten years, belief in evolution is up 5% over the same time period to 47%!!!. With the recent HUGE public interest in the Ham/Nye debate it is gratifying to see and the numbers show there are a lot of folks on the fence. Despite the constant legislative battles and encroachments on education by the Creationist camp, it is still a minority belief in the US and evolution acceptance is gaining. We are winning and can win on so many fronts with secularism and science replacing absurd 2,000 year-old religious explanations of how the world works.
Let's turn up the heat another notch and drive the delusions and cruelties of religion towards the cliff even sooner. Education is the key.
Information Kill Religion. It's working.
(5290)
Comments
comments
Instructions
WASD (or arrow keys) to control movement WASD (or arrow keys) to control movement
Heat seeking missiles, don't let them touch you! Heat seeking missiles, don't let them touch you!
Cannon shells, high kinetic damage, dodge them too Cannon shells, high kinetic damage, dodge them too
Keys, collect them to unlock doors Keys, collect them to unlock doors
Repairs, collect them to improve the condition of your hull Repairs, collect them to improve the condition of your hull
Press Space to deploy flares. Press Space to deploy flares.
Press Escape to pause/unpause,
and while paused, press R to restart. Press Escape to pause/unpause,and while paused, press R to restart.
Tip: If you find yourself sliding against a wall,
quickly tap s (or down arrow) to move yourself away.
[Note: I've been politely informed, by a Phoenix Coyotes staff member, that there is a no-photography rule in the Jobing.com press box, a rule that I was not previously aware of. So, out of respect to them and their regulation, I have removed the photo that was posted here, and rewritten the relevant part of the post.]
First, there were a couple questions last night about the crowd size inside Jobing.com Arena. The announced attendance was 7,128. The estimate of the actual crowd was somewhere around 4,000, and that's not even the smallest crowd I've seen there. This is not, at all, to dump on the Coyotes. The people who work for the team and the arena are some of the most pleasant people in all of the NHL, but they're in a bad spot right now.
As for the game, here's how The Arizona Republic covered it, followed by some postgame quotes from the Coyotes' locker room…
Phoenix Coyotes fall to Los Angeles Kings
—–
COACH DAVE TIPPETT
(on the difference with the Kings from last season…)
TIPPETT: “They are playing the same style. Obviously Richards gives it some depth in the middle that they didn't have. Their center ice is pretty good. They've got some quality players over there; I thought we competed hard and we were looking for a way to win and we just couldn't do it tonight.''
(on the game…)
TIPPETT: “We were more determined. I'd like to see us execute a little better with the puck. There were some situations where we could be a little bit cleaner with the puck. Mike Smith was excellent. The bottom line is you've got to find a way to win and we didn't do that.''
(on how to prevent losing from becoming a trend…)
TIPPETT: “Well, you've just got to continue pounding away at it. We have to play well as a group, we all know that. There are situations that arise in a game where you've got to find a way to get on top of it and the one thing is … the two games where we got a lead we got in a rhythm. when we're chasing it's a little harder for us and you know that's where we're at. We have to try and execute a little better. We've just got to keep pounding away at it.''
—–
MIKE SMITH
(on the game…)
SMITH: “It was kind of a blah game, I thought. You know we did have some chances to score but Quick came up with some big saves. We did some good things but it's an ongoing process and we have to keep the pedal on the floor and keep improving every game.''
(on the Coyotes' scoring chances…)
SMITH: “Like I said, we had some scoring chances to score, but Quick is a good goalie and he made saves at times when he needed to make them. Saying that, we need to find ways to score on goalies. There are a lot of good goalies in the league but it's tough to score. Goalies are good and teams are very good in this league.''
—–
SHANE DOAN
(on areas of needed improvement…)
DOAN: “I think we have played three good games in a row, even though last game was a bad one and this one was better. We are going the right direction. We just have to make sure we clean up our own zone.''
(on any discouragement from tonight's game…)
DOAN: “I don't think we are discouraged, but we are disappointed. We know this was big because we wanted to get above .500. Tonight wasn't the way we wanted it to end and we have to make sure we are better on Sunday.''
DETROIT — It will be better than this.
“It has to be,” Victor Cruz said. “We won't allow anything else.”
It will be more fun than this, more exhilarating, more like … well, more like it used to be, in the not-too-distant past, when Cruz and Eli Manning were operating with the same brain, Cruz's legs and Eli's arms acting almost as a 12th separate offensive weapon, the results of which were beautiful to behold.
“Our guys understand that this is just one game,” Cruz said. “It's too early to draw any conclusions. We saw the things we did, good and bad, and we know what we have to work on.”
It will be brighter than this because it has to be, because the wrong side of the hyphen in a 35-14 drubbing is the wrong place to be, especially when Cruz's production wasn't anywhere near what the Giants expect, or what he expects from himself.
Cruz caught only two balls (with two others he normally catches, and didn't) for only 24 yards, and on the second of Manning's two interceptions, a roll-out off his back foot that sailed on him, Cruz was upset at himself for not doing more to prevent the turnover.
“I saw Eli scrambling in the area and I didn't realize how close the defender was,” Cruz admitted. “I should've made more of a play on it.”
Manning, for his part, was blunt about one of the things he needs to work on before the Giants next take the field Sunday in the MetLife Stadium opener against Arizona.
“I've got to do a better job,” the quarterback said, “of getting Victor the ball.”
Cruz believes that will happen. He believes it is a matter of time before the skill players click under Ben McAdoo's new system, that it is only a matter of time before the offense emerges from what has been an unwatchable funk all summer.
“It'll improve, it'll improve,” he said, before laughing. “Don't put that voodoo on us just yet.”
Rail owner says courses in which charity trained rail industry staff to approach people in distress have paid off
More than 1,000 suicide attempts have been prevented in the past three years due to the intervention of rail staff who have undergone special training to spot vulnerable people at risk, Network Rail has said.
The figures follow a partnership between Network Rail and the charity Samaritans, which has so far seen 10,000 frontline staff completing courses on managing suicidal contacts.
The Samaritans have run more than 800 courses since the scheme began in 2010 for station staff, train operating companies staff and British Transport police.
Network Rail said the 1,000-plus interventions included cases where staff reported “they had done just enough, they believe, to have prevented that person attempting to take their life on the railway”.
Suicides have a traumatic and demoralising impact on frontline rail staff, with many feeling powerless to prevent them. Since undergoing the courses there had been positive feedback from workers who felt they were in a position to make a difference, said Network Rail.
The training equipped staff with the skills, confidence and knowledge to identify and approach people exhibiting suicidal behaviour, and to be able to move them to a place of safety where police or paramedics could take over.
Among the interventions reported was one by Andrew Wellbeloved, a mobile operations manager with Network Rail, who said the course had enabled him to help a suicidal man in the north-west of England. “I approached the man, who seemed to be confused and disorientated but clearly in a state of despair. He told me he wanted to die,” he said. “I was nervous as I hadn't been involved in a situation like that before, but the memory of my training gave me the confidence to speak to him.”
He managed to talk to the man and get him to safety, after which he called the emergency services, asking them not to use their sirens, and they took the man to hospital. “The training helped me remain calm and gave me confidence, as I felt as though I knew what I had to do,” he said.
Another intervention involved Joe Grimes, a dispatcher for Virgin Trains West Coast, who, when travelling to Birmingham by train, encountered a very distressed young woman. “Samaritans training meant that I knew what to say, how to handle the situation and how to achieve a positive outcome,” he said.
In 2013-4 there were 278 suicides on the rail network, rising to 293 in 2014-5, Network Rail said.
The number of people who killed themselves on the railways accounted for about 5% of all suicides. The total number in the UK has risen in recent years, with the latest Office for National Statistics figures showing 6,233 suicides registered in the UK in 2013, a 4% increase on the previous year.
Preventative measures include mid-platform fencing installed at 67 stations so far, platform end barriers installed at 135 stations, and yellow hatching on platform edges and ends. Other restrictions of access to the means of suicide being trialled at some stations include motion-activated speaking signs, “virtual assistants” – or speaking holograms – and the installation of blue LED lights that reportedly have a calming effect.
One station, which has a history of problems and had a number of incidents in recent years, has just reached one year without any incidents after preventative measures were installed.
Samaritans and the rail industry also run the're In Your Corner and Men on the Ropes campaigns, which aim to encourage those most at risk of suicide, particularly middle-aged working-class men, to seek support if they are struggling to cope.
Ruth Sutherland, the Samaritans CEO, said working with the rail industry was invaluable and has helped “raise awareness of Samaritans' work and the need to reduce suicides on the railway”.
The NHS scheme to reduce stigma about suicide Read more
Welcoming the additional safety measures, she said: “These changes help to make travelling on the railways safer for everyone. Training 10,000 staff is an important milestone because the more potential we have to reach out to and help people through the programme, the better.”
Ian Stevens, the head of the Network Rail suicide-prevention programme, said: “Any death on the railway is a tragedy but the impact is felt not only by those who knew the person but also by the train driver and station staff, and those who are involved in the aftermath. We want to do everything we can to stop this from happening, and if it does, to help our people deal with it.
“By training thousands of railway staff to identify and help vulnerable people, Samaritans have helped us to save lives, reduce trauma to our people and keep the railway running for the millions that depend on it. A continued collaborative approach across the industry and everyone working in mental health is needed to tackle this societal problem and to help us keep Britain moving by rail.”
• In the UK, the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14. Hotlines in other countries can be found here.
We fired our top talent. Best decision we ever made.
Jonathan Solórzano-Hamilton Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 12, 2017
“You will never be able to understand any of what I've created. I am Albert F***ing Einstein and you are all monkeys scrabbling in the dirt.”
And so our resident genius, our Dr. Jekyll, explosively completed his transformation into Mr. Hyde.
He declared this in front of the product design team, developers, management, and pre-launch customers. One of our project sponsors had the temerity to ask when the problem crippling our product would be fixed.
Genius is a fickle beast. Sometimes you have the good fortune to work with a mad genius. Other times you are doomed to work with pure madness. There are also times when it is hard to tell the difference.
This story is about the fall from grace of an extremely gifted team member with a deep understanding of our product's architecture. He had an uncanny ability to forecast future requirements, and a ton of domain-specific knowledge.
He was our top contributor. He was killing our flagship project.
We'll call this person “Rick.”
You don't want this guy on your team. (image © Warner Bros.)
Rick was universally recognized on the team as the top talent. He was the lead developer and architect of our software projects.
Any time anyone had a question about code or needed help with a task, they would go to Rick. Rick had a giant whiteboard installed in his office used only for this purpose. It was always cluttered with the ghosts of past discussions that wouldn't quite erase.
Any time there was a particularly challenging problem, Rick would handle it. Rick had a server with the same specs as our production server installed at his desk. He used this to run the entire application stack independently and troubleshoot every layer at once.
Rick didn't need anybody else. Rick preferred to work alone in his private work-space.
Rick didn't need anything anybody else built. He built everything he needed from scratch because it was infinitely better than the paltry offerings of mere mortals.
Soon, Rick stopped attending meetings. Rick didn't have time for meetings any more because there was too much to code.
Rick closed his door. His whiteboard lay fallow. Rick no longer had time to train anyone because he had too much to solve on his own.
A backlog grew behind Rick. Bugs were popping up in old tools he'd built. They sapped his attention from meeting commitments on new product development.
Of course, these bugs were happening because the users had misstated their assumptions. Of course there wasn't any problem in his work. Of course.
On our project dashboard, green flags changed to yellow. Yellow changed to red. Red lights started blinking. One by one, task statuses changed to “Impeded.” Everyone was waiting for Rick.
Don't worry, Rick will handle it. All of it. (source)
The project manager got a six-month extension from the sponsor. At the end of the six months, production-readiness was estimated to be seven months away. At the end of a year, production-readiness was two years out.
Rick was churning out code faster than ever. He was working seven-day weeks, twelve hours a day.
Everyone knew only Rick could pull the team out of this mess. Everyone held their breath and waited for Rick to invent the miracle cure that would mend this crippled project.
Every day, Rick grew more belligerent and isolated. The mask was coming off. Jekyll was becoming Hyde.
I participated in my first meeting with the project team about two years after the original agreed release date. I'd been aware of the project for a while, because it had grown infamous in my organization, but hadn't been assigned to it.
I was sent in to see if we could save it.
My first meeting on the project was the aforementioned “Albert Einstein” meeting.
Hmm.
I dove into the source code. Rick was right: no-one could possibly understand what Rick had created. Except for Rick. It was a reflection of the workings of his own mind. Some of it was very clever, a lot of it was copy-pasta, it was all very idiosyncratic, and it was not at all documented.
I went to our CIO with the verdict. Only Rick would ever be able to maintain this product. Plus, every day that Rick worked on the project moved the delivery date back a week. Rick was destroying our product faster than he was creating it.
We sat down with Rick and had a conversation about his role in the project. We reviewed our concerns. We sidestepped his self-comparison to Albert Einstein.
We explained our new strategy. The team was going to collaborate on building a new product from scratch.
This effort would be very limited in scope and would only provide the bare essentials to get us to production. The whole team would contribute and be able to support it. No more bottlenecks.
How did Rick react to this?
The only way Rick could. Rick exploded.
Rick wanted no part of this farce. If we couldn't appreciate his genius, that was our fault, not his. Rick predicted that within months we'd come crawling back to him begging him to save us.
Rick screamed that we lacked the basic mental capacity to appreciate genius when it was staring us in the face.
Sadly, after this, Rick rejected months of overtures by leadership. He refused to take time off or allow any work to be delegated. He rejected repeated attempts to introduce free open source frameworks to replace his hard-to-maintain bespoke tools.
He reverted code changes — including tested bug fixes — by other developers. He asserted that he wouldn't be held accountable for supporting other people's work. He continued publicly belittling his colleagues.
We fired Rick.
It took about a week for the dust to settle. It took time for the shocked team to gather themselves after losing their embattled guru.
Then I saw them huddled around a whiteboard.
Collaboration. Rick had never seen this before. (source)
They collaborated. They designed a replacement product. It would be much simpler.
It wouldn't have all the bells and whistles. Nor would it anticipate requirements from five years down the product road map.
Rick's product supported a dynamic workflow with over fifteen thousand permutations. In reality 99% of our use cases followed one of three paths. The team hard-coded the workflow. This removed over 30% of Rick's work.
It wouldn't have custom hand-coded components for every task. They stripped out every bespoke dependency that they could buy instead of build.
This removed hundreds of hours of Rick's contribution. But it also removed thousands of hours of technical debt.
We obtained an agreement from the project sponsor to shut off some edge-case functionality.
This had served only 5% of our pre-launch user group and was responsible for about a quarter of the product's complexity.
We re-released the product to this group. It consisted of 10% of Rick's original code which was pretty stable. It also had a few thousand lines of new code to replace about 150,000 lines of incomprehensible mess.
The team had replaced five years of work in about six months. Over the next few months we expanded from pilot to full customer release.
Not only had we replaced what Rick had built, we sped past him and fully launched the product — all in under a year. The result was less than a fifth the size and complexity of what Rick had built.
It was also hundreds of times faster and nearly bug-free despite having been assembled in a fraction of the time and serving ten times as many customers.
The team went back to Rick's other products. They threw away his old code there, too.
They re-released another product of his after three years in development, with three months of concerted team effort.
There were no Ricks left on the team. We didn't have any mad geniuses building everything from scratch. But our productivity was never higher.
Rick was a very talented developer. Rick could solve complex business logic problems and create sophisticated architectures to support his lofty designs. Rick could not solve the problem of how to work effectively on a team.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THE European Union seems to have adopted a new rule: if a plan is not working, stick to it. Despite the thousands protesting in Athens, despite the judders in the markets, Europe's leaders have a neat timetable to solve the euro zone's problems. Next week Greece is likely to pass a new austerity package. It will then get the next €12 billion ($17 billion) of its first €110 billion bail-out, which it needs by mid-July. Assuming the Europeans agree on a face-saving “voluntary” participation by private creditors to please the Germans, a second bail-out of some €100 billion will follow. This will keep the country afloat through 2013, when a permanent euro-zone bail-out fund, the European Stability Mechanism (ESM), will take effect. The euro will be saved and the world will applaud.
That is the hope that the EU's leaders, gathering in Brussels as The Economist went to press, want to cling to. But their strategy of denial—refusing to accept that Greece cannot pay its debts—has become untenable, for three reasons.
First, the politics blocking a resolution of the euro crisis is becoming ever more toxic (see article). Greeks see no relief at the end of their agonies. People are protesting daily in Syntagma Square against austerity. The government scraped through a vote of confidence this week; the main opposition party has committed itself to voting against the austerity plan next week and a few members of the ruling Socialist party are also doubtful about it. Meanwhile, German voters are aghast at the prospect of a second Greek bail-out, which they think would merely tip more money down the plughole of a country that is incapable either of repaying its debts or of reforming itself. As the climate gets more poisonous and elections approach in France, Germany and Greece itself, the risk of a disastrous accident—anything from a disorderly default to a currency break-up—is growing.
Second, the markets are convinced that muddling through cannot work. Spreads on Greek bonds over German bunds are eight points wider than a year ago. Traders know that Greece, whose debts are equivalent to around 160% of its GDP, is insolvent. Private investors are shying away from a place where default and devaluation seem imminent, giving the economy little chance of growing. The longer restructuring is put off, the more Greek debt will be owed to official lenders, whether other EU governments or the IMF—so the more taxpayers will eventually suffer.
The third objection to denial is that fears of contagion are growing, not receding. Early hopes that Greece alone might need a bail-out were dashed when Ireland and Portugal also sought help. The euro zone has tried to draw a line around these three relatively small economies. But the jitters of recent weeks have pushed Spain and even Italy back into the markets' sights again. The belief that big euro-zone countries could be protected from attack has been disproved. Indeed, far from fears of contagion ebbing, the talk is of a Greek default as a “Lehman moment”: like the investment bank's bankruptcy in September 2008, it might unexpectedly bring down many others and devastate the world economy.
While the EU's leaders are trying to deny the need for default, a rising chorus is taking the opposite line. Greece should embrace default, walk away from its debts, abandon the euro and bring back the drachma (in a similar way to Britain leaving the gold standard in 1931 or Argentina dumping its currency board in 2001).
That option would be ruinous, both for Greece and for the EU. Even if capital controls were brought in, some Greek banks would go bust. The new drachma would plummet, making Greece's debt burden even more onerous. Inflation would take off as import prices shot up and Greece had to print money to finance its deficit. The benefit from a weaker currency would be small: Greece's exports make up a small slice of GDP. The country would still need external finance, but who would lend to it? And the contagion risk would be bigger than from restructuring alone: if Greece left, why not Portugal or even Spain and Italy? If the euro zone were to break up it would put huge pressure on the single market.
There is an alternative, for which this newspaper has long argued: an orderly restructuring of Greece's debts, halving their value to around 80% of GDP. It would hardly be a shock to the markets, which have long expected a default (an important difference from Lehman). The banks that still hold a big chunk of the bonds are in better shape to absorb losses today than they were last year. Even if Greece's debts were cut in half, the net loss would still represent an absorbable proportion of most European banks' capital.
An orderly restructuring would be risky. Doing it now would crystallise losses for banks and taxpayers across Europe. Nor would it, by itself, right Greece. The country's economy is in deep recession and it is running a primary budget deficit (ie, before interest payments). Even if Greece restructures its debt and embraces the reforms demanded by the EU and IMF, it will need outside support for some years. That is bound to bring more fiscal-policy control from Brussels, turning the euro zone into a more politically integrated club. Even if that need not mean a superstate with its own finance ministry, the EU's leaders have not started to explain the likely ramifications of all this to voters. But at least Greece and the markets would have a plan with a chance of working.
No matter what fictions they concoct this week, the euro zone's leaders will sooner or later face a choice between three options: massive transfers to Greece that would infuriate other Europeans; a disorderly default that destabilises markets and threatens the European project; or an orderly debt restructuring. This last option would entail a long period of external support for Greece, greater political union and a debate about the institutions Europe would then need. But it is the best way out for Greece and the euro. That option will not be available for much longer. Europe's leaders must grab it while they can.
You might not have heard of Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, in which case we need to ask where you've been hiding. It's okay, we understand, there are a lot of new games out there to play. Hearthstone, however, is one that should definitely be on your list to check out, coming from Blizzard, the folks behind World of Warcraft (WoW). If you're familiar with Magic The Gathering (MTG) or similar trading card games, Hearthstone will feel very familiar. If you do not have any experience with trading card games (both offline/online), Hearthstone is still fairly simple to get the hang of.
Hearthstone has been in Private Beta for a few months now. Lucky players send feedback to the small team, of around 15 developers or so, at Blizzard in order to get the game ready for the rest of us. It was recently just announced that the game will be entering Public Beta later this December, allowing more gamers than ever before to try their hand at this intriguing new game from Blizzard.
What is Hearthstone really, and why should you care? Once we go over that, you'll be begging to get into beta.
Cards, Cards, and More Cards
Hearthstone is a Collectible Card Game, set in – you guessed it – the Warcraft universe. However, it's much different than any previous Warcraft and, in fact, is a much more accessible game that arguably anybody can play. Essentially, you play as one of nine hero classes from the Warcraft universe. These include:
Mage
Priest
Warlock
Rogue
Warrior
Hunter
Druid
Shaman
Paladin
Each class has one respective ability for a set 2 mana cost. For example, Hunters can deal 2 damage to an enemy hero while Paladins can summon a 1/1 Soldier.
There are a variety of game modes and Blizzard aims to deliver an epic experience with simple yet well thought out elements of gameplay.
There are a few ways to play the game. One way is to build a deck of cards from a set of 3 cards that you can add to your deck – chosen for you at completely random. This keeps things both fair and exciting. Then, you pit your deck and your skills against another player online. For the most part, games won't last much longer than 10 minutes at a time, making Hearthstone a game more aimed at the casual user than your typical WoW Veteran. This game mode is known as the Arena.
The other mode is known as Construction by most users or “Construct Decks” where you build decks out of cards you've collected from packs.
Packs can be purchased with gold, which can be purchased with real world money. There was an initial argument that this would induce a pay-to-win feeling; however, game mechanics and deck builds show that a casual player will acquire enough variety to put together a competitive deck. After a while, it becomes more of a hunt for legendary (extremely rare) cards.
In order to make the game feel epic, Blizzard has created a genuine experience. From the moment you open the game to the moment you start throwing cards down, you'll notice how good the artwork is and how alive the cards and environs feel. There are animations all over the place, great voice acting and the ability to collect hundreds of cards for yourself in order to form decks and take on the competition.
Hearthstone Hype is Well Deserved
Chances are, if you're a big PC gamer or console gamer a “card game” doesn't interest you all that much. They take a bit of time learning the ropes and require strategic thought and planning, as opposed to plug-n-play first-person shooters.
Unlike previous, more specialized Blizzard games, Hearthstone was built to be a whole lot of fun for everyone. Hearthstone isn't short of character or graphical flare, and it's certainly not short of great gameplay. Hearthstone has all of the charm you'd expect from a Warcraft game, minus the complications. There's no need to know all of the unwritten laws of WoW or remember your place when online. All you do is quickly match to a random opponent, play a card game, have a lot of fun and that's it. You can also play for hours on end, building up your collection of cards to ogle over, but you can just as easily get in and get out if you're in a rush.
It was conceived with the ability to optimize for mobile devices, which is what truly separates Hearthstone from anything else.
It takes the charm from one of the best games out there – WoW – and packages it in a very accessible game. Over the course of the past 4-5 months, many gaming channels and Twitch streams have found profitability and wide interest in Hearthstone (mainly because of the nature of closed beta). With hundreds of “teasers” out there, the launch of public beta has attracted the attention of millions.
For even more info, you can head on over to the official website, check out the forums, videos, and behind-the-scenes access.
My family moved to Boulder in the summer of 1968. On May 5-9, 1969, hard rains produced the biggest flood in decades. As a 7-year-old the 3 feet of water in our (unfinished) basement seemed super cool, sort of like having an indoor swimming pool.
Growing up in Boulder the “100 Year Flood”, was part of the local lexicon, like fallout shelters were for families in the 60's; one of those legendary things that can't really happen. We know about these things and plan for them, right? Every summer at 10 a.m. on the first Monday of each month, Boulder tests its emergency warning system – deafeningly loud sirens and a booming voice over the loudspeakers chillingly announcing, “THIS IS A WARNING SYSTEM TEST.”
But on September 12-15, 2013, when the proverbial “100 Year Flood” actually happened, it was a shocker. For one thing, no one ever thought a big flood would happen in September, when summer monsoon storms typically taper off and thunderstorm producing convection is weak. This year the monsoon was stubborn, and a confluence of static weather systems and particularly abundant monsoon moisture produced a cataclysm that the typically subdued National Weather Service forecasters termed “biblical”.
The hard rain started on September 11, and that night my wife and I lay in bed listening as the skies opened up with the deluge. Thunder and lightning sent our cat scurrying for cover. Then the sirens started. That night alone it rained 7”, exceeding the record of 5.5” for the entire month of September. And it didn't stop. By the time the weather system finally moved out, some stations had recorded 17″ of precipitation (Boulder had received 12″ total so far this year).
The next morning curiosity got the better of me, and I decided to go my usual run up Green Mountain to see what was up. It was stunning to see how every usually tiny trickle had turned into a rushing cascade. The trails were washed out everywhere, and huge new drainage channels had been created literally over night. Foot bridges over several little creeks had simply disappeared. I foolishly decided to run down Bear Canyon, one of my favorite trails. The trail crosses the creek half a dozen times, and normally you simply step over a little trickle of water. But this time each crossing was increasingly life-threatening. The farther down I pushed the less thrilled I was about having to trudge (and wade) back up. It took me maybe 20 minutes of thrashing around to work out the final crossing, which involved jumping across a narrow section of rushing stream a few feet above a big pour-off. Sticking the jump, I breathed a sigh of relief. The rest was a simple jog back to town. Later that day the City Manager signed an order closing all Open Space indefinitely due to dangerous conditions.
Two days later there was a break in the rain. I'd been feeling cooped up, but with my usual trail runs on City Open Space shut down I wasn't sure where I could go. I decided to see if I could get into the hills. My plan was to take some nice, usually sleepy mountain roads into up to the historical mining towns of Wall Street, Salina and Gold Hill. By now I'd seen the pictures on the news – the road washouts, and the towns of Lyons and Estes Park underwater. I just figured I'd see how far I could get. I simply wasn't prepared for the devastation I found. MILES of paved and dirt roads were completely destroyed, leaving Wall Street and Salina cut-off from the world. The center of Salina (really just about 10 houses) was completely destroyed. Houses and cars were in the raging creek. The road was basically gone. People were walking around in a sort of daze. A military helicopter buzzed overhead, assessing the situation. As I struggled on up towards Gold Hill, the route now a technical ascent, I wondered if this road could ever be rebuilt. A Million dollar homes were perched undamaged up on the hillsides, but they may be worthless due to the two mile hike required to reach them. Reaching the town of Gold Hill, it sits on a ridge so there was no hint of the cataclysm in the canyon just a couple miles below.
In Boulder the rain finally stopped around 9:00 a.m. on September 16. The Sun timidly poked through the clouds as I jogged along city streets, many of which were still running with water. There was mud everywhere, which quickly dried and turned to dust, churned up by traffic. Cops stopped to remove barricades from recently flooded areas, while yellow police tape blocked off the most damaged areas. Piles of soaked carpet, insulation and furniture lined the sidewalks. In the wake of Boulder's biggest flood in recorded history, some people lost their homes, tragically some even lost their lives, others are dealing with little more than flooded basements, and some of us very lucky ones are just wondering where we're going to run tomorrow.
Mother Nature has re-distributed the landscape, and it will a very long time before this event is in the rear view mirror.
A special ceremony is being held in Srebrenica as 520 newly identified victims of Europe's worst atrocity since World War II will finally be buried.
This anniversary will be the first time Bosnia mourns the massacre while knowing that the two alleged, leading perpetrators, Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic and political leader Radovan Karadzic, are on trial before the UN war crimes court.
Watch video 01:32 Srebrenica in mourning
However, survivors and relatives of those killed in Srebrenica after Bosnian Serb forces overran the eastern Bosnian town on July 11, 1995, said the trials were too little, too late.
Among those taking part is Sevdija Halilovic, a woman in her fifties. Her father's remains were laid to rest in the mass funeral on Wednesday.
"My father's remains were exhumed from two mass graves. My two brothers were also killed in the massacre but have not been found yet," she told the AFP news agency. "It is the pain, an endless pain, and when July 11 arrives, every year, this pain becomes unbearable."
The Bosnian Serbs went to great lengths to hide the scale of the killings and returned months afterwards to dig up bodies from mass graves and put them in at least 28 so-called ‘secondary' grave sites. The excavations continue to this day.
Serbia's new President Tomislav Nikolic claimed last month that the killings constituted "grave war crimes" but not genocide. The EU's Commissioner for Home Affairs, Cecilia Malmstöm, offered a contrasting opinion on Twitter.
"Seventeen years after Genocide in Srebenica. Remembering the victims," Malmström wrote, signing her message with "/CM," denoting that she had written it, not a member of her staff.
jm/msh (Reuters, AP, AFP)
Photos: Yemen: The images Saudi Arabia doesn't want you to see – After two and a half years of civil war, Yemen is in the grip of a vicious cholera outbreak and a near famine that have coincided to create one of the worst humanitarian crises on the planet. Hide Caption 1 of 25
Photos: Batool Ali, aged 6, stands on a hospital bed in Saada City, Yemen. Batool is suffering from severe acute malnutrition. The pouch attached to her arm contains a potion used to ward off snakes while families take shelter in the desert overnight. Hide Caption 2 of 25
Photos: A suspected cholera patient lies on a wooden bed in a hospital in Al Hudaydah. According to the World Health Organization, there are 167,000 cholera cases across the country, and more than 1,100 people have died of the disease. Hide Caption 3 of 25
Photos: Ahmed, three, and his six-year-old sister Khaoula were orphaned in an airstrike on their house. Ahmed's knee is completely broken and medical staff say that his right leg will no longer grow. Khaoula lost her teeth and most of her tongue in the attack. Hide Caption 4 of 25
Photos: The war is severely hampering access to critical medical supplies. Patients at the Sciences and Technology Hospital in the capital, Sana'a, are treated with the support of Al-Ataa, a national NGO funded by the UN's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. Hide Caption 5 of 25
Photos: Saleh is four months old and severely malnourished. His 22-year-old mother, Nora, already has five children -- the first was born when she was just 12, after a forced marriage at the age of 11. Hide Caption 6 of 25
Photos: An injured soldier salutes while being photographed on his hospital bed at the Al Thawra Hospital in Sana'a. He sustained disfiguring facial wounds in an airstrike in the northern Saada region of the country. Hide Caption 7 of 25
Photos: Majed Shoei was injured six months ago when a bomb exploded near him. Money is tight for the father-of-eight, who used to be a construction worker, but is unable to work because of his health and so cannot afford to pay his medical bills. Hide Caption 8 of 25
Photos: Abdellatif Allami walks with his three-year-old daughter Sara in the Harat Al-Masna'a slum in Sana'a, home to the families of former factory workers. They used to receive a basic pension of around $120 a month, but the payments stopped seven months ago, and the families now rely on donations to survive. Hide Caption 9 of 25
Photos: Children play in a pool of water in the Harat Al-Masna'a slum in Sana'a. The slum, which is close to an urban military base, was hit by two airstrikes last year on the Eid Al-Adha holiday, destroying 25 houses. Hide Caption 10 of 25
Photos: Young students play in the ruins of the Aal Okab school in Saada City, which was destroyed in June 2015. At least two million Yemeni children are missing school, and more than 1,600 schools out of action because of conflict-related damage, according to UNICEF. Hide Caption 11 of 25
Photos: A student at the Aal Okab school stands in the ruins of one of his former classrooms. He and his fellow pupils now attend lesson in UNICEF tents nearby. Hide Caption 12 of 25
Photos: Khairy is a mother of three; she has just given birth to a baby boy, but she is unable to breastfeed because she is undernourished and she does not have enough formula milk to feed her new son. Hide Caption 13 of 25
Photos: Children peer out of a window in a former government building in the suburbs of Ibb. The building was provided by local authorities to house 53 displaced families, but has no electricity or running water. Hide Caption 14 of 25
Photos: The slippers of young orphans scattered on the floor of the Al Hubaishi Orphanage in Ibb. The facility houses more than 200 boys, most of whose fathers were killed while serving in the army. Hide Caption 15 of 25
Photos: Cars and trucks wait in line to pass over a bridge that was hit by an airstrike in 2016 -- one of just four roads linking Al Hudaydah with the rest of the country. Hide Caption 16 of 25
Photos: Mohammad, 17, from Mogadishu survived an attack on a migrant boat off the coast of Yemen that killed at least 42 people. He says he saw a helicopter take off from a large military boat and thought they were being saved -- until it opened fire on them. Two of his friends were killed, and he had to have his right foot amputated. Hide Caption 17 of 25
Photos: A military guard sits in the former Assembly Hall of the Governor of Saada that now lies in ruins following multiple airstrikes in April 2015. Hide Caption 18 of 25
Photos: A man stands next to a missile casing in a former government building in Saada City, which was attacked in April 2015. Since the conflict escalated, two years ago, much of the city's infrastructure has been destroyed. Hide Caption 19 of 25
Photos: Yemen has been in the grip of civil war since March 2015, when Houthi rebels drove out the government and took over the capital, Sana'a. The crisis quickly escalated, allowing al Qaeda and ISIS -- enemies of the Houthis -- to grow stronger amid the chaos. Hide Caption 20 of 25
Photos: Since the conflict began, the Saudi-led coalition, which has US support, has imposed a blockade on the country that has left nearly 80 percent of Yemenis reliant on humanitarian assistance for their most basic needs. Hide Caption 21 of 25
Photos: A sandstorm barrels across the landscape near Abs, a sprawling settlement for internally displaced people in Yemen. The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) says more than 3 million Yemenis are displaced. Hide Caption 22 of 25
Photos: Yemenis collect drinking water at a camp for internally displaced people. Water is heavily rationed at the camp, and is only available during three one-hour windows each day. The UN says 14.5 million people in Yemen need help to access safe water and sanitation. Hide Caption 23 of 25
Photos: Children watch a mini tornado whip up sand as it travels across the desert near the town of Huth, 80km north of Sana'a. Aid agencies predict that by the end of the year, Yemen will be in a state of full-blown famine. Hide Caption 24 of 25
Even without including it in your Twitter bio, we all know that retweets do not equal endorsements.
So we can't necessarily prescribe any higher meaning to this, but it sure is leaving us scratching our heads. This morning, President Donald Trump retweeted conservative pundit Laura Ingraham's hot-take tweet on a New York Times story about how Charles Manson was a “harbinger” of the “far right” movement.
Charles Manson wasn't the inevitable outgrowth of the Sixties. If anything, he was a harbinger of today's far right. https://t.co/k64W9lay6l — NYT Opinion (@nytopinion) November 21, 2017
Manson was obsessed with the idea of a race war, and his infamous killing spree was an attempt to kickstart one. The article says that in this day and age, “[Manson's] sort of logic is all too familiar to us. The paranoid, racist and apocalyptic ramblings of Mr. Manson are the DNA of the reactionary alt-right.”
The article goes on to state that the leading vanguard of the “alt-right,” the conservative movement that harbors white supremacists, have similar obsessions about clashes.
“In recent months, the far-right media have become fixated on the idea that left-wing “antifa” activists will spark a new civil war. Gateway Pundit, a far-right website, claimed that “millions of antifa supersoldiers will behead white parents,” and Alex Jones, the conspiracy enthusiast who runs the website Infowars, predicted that the antifa activists would lose such a war.”
To which, Ingraham tweeted this.
“Far right”? You mean “right so far,” as in @realDonaldTrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high gear. https://t.co/VlTRcUkBv8 — Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) November 22, 2017
Is she saying that Manson's ideas of a race war are “right so far?” Probably not, but why would one make that point? Because to read it in her edited version, it says something akin to “Charles Manson wasn't the inevitable outgrowth of the Sixties. If anything, he was a harbinger of today's right-so-far [movement],” which even if you think doesn't endorse his ideas, still ties the far right to Charles Manson. Maybe not something you want? The guy with the swastika carved on his forehead as a symbol of you being right?
Either way, the president retweeted it.
So… is the president saying his ideas and backing all stem from Charles Manson?
Probably not, but like, as with everything in 2017, it begs one question: What the fuck?
In continuing with our celebration of fifty years of the Grateful Dead, we asked musicians from all corners of the record bin to reflect on a particular show or moment that helped shape their musical life. In part one, read thoughts from Carlos Santana, Mike Gordon, Keller Williams, Eric Krasno, Chris Funk, Marco Benevento and Walter Martin. This story originally appeared in the July_August issue of Relix. To subscribe, click here.
Carlos Santana: 4/28/91
I had the supreme joy of playing with Jerry and the Grateful Dead on so many occasions, dating back to the ‘60s, when Mr. Bill Graham had the vision to have us share the same bill. Woodstock was the most historic event that we played together. I also remember a big jam with them and Jefferson Airplane that Chet Helms put on at The Family Dog, in 1970 that captured the feeling and vibrations of that time. I can still see Jerry and Michael Bloomfield smiling at me on the San Francisco Panhandle while I was playing for change in the late ‘60s. That was very validating for me as I was just out of high school and finding my own voice. There were many other moments that stand out, including New Year's Eve at the Cow Palace in 1976, Calaveras Fairgrounds in 1987 and the Oakland Coliseum in 1993, as well as when Santana played with the Grateful Dead in Las Vegas in 1991. After the Santana set, Jerry invited me to play on “Bird Song.” It was very hot and to see that tie-dye sea of people swaying to our collective heart's music was very moving for me. Jerry and I will always share a love for themes and melody. You could always hear a theme in his playing. Jerry was the sun, and the music the band played was like planets orbiting around him. It was very powerful.
Mike Gordon (Phish): 10/14/83
In Hartford, on Oct. 14, 1983, I remember being alone and climbing to a side seat up near the ceiling and closing my eyes. The notes, words and sounds of the music filled the arena in front of me like a 3-D playground I could swim through— maybe an anti-gravity tank, if you will. This sounds cliché, but it felt like I was choosing their notes, and they were choosing my thoughts. From my journal: “Every musical note was a different image. I suddenly was at a cocktail party outside with my mom's friend, Linda Glass. She opened her mouth to speak and instead of a word the keyboard chord came out. Then, whenever that chord was played, Linda would be opening her mouth as though the connection was pre-planned.” The Dead had that deep sense of wonder that kids might have playing instruments in their garage for the first time, mixed with the most incredible refinement from technology, improvisation and songwriting—beyond what any other bands were doing. It was the first time a concert hall felt like being at home more than home itself, and I kind of “caught the bug”—wanted to try it myself.
Keller Williams: 10/8-9/89
For me, a lot of shows came in groups—like The Warlocks shows at Hampton. I was attending Virginia Wesleyan College at the time, and Hampton Coliseum was a short but scary drive across the bay. I had attempted to see the Grateful Dead at Hampton a couple years before, but I was unable to enter the parking lot without a ticket. So, I joined the 10,000 other people without a ticket in the parking lot. Rumor had it that the Grateful Dead were banned from Hampton due to the incredible scene outside the parking lot. So for them to come back a few years later under a different name was pretty exciting. The shows were announced about a week out and tickets were only on sale at the Coliseum. Friends were sending us money through Western Union every day for five days until it finally sold out. Not only did they break out “Help”> “Slip”> “Franklins,” “Dark Star” and “Death Have no Mercy,” but it was also the introduction to Jerry's new MIDI rig. This literally melted my face. It was almost more than my fragile, young, untainted mind could handle. This was also close to the end of the speaker-in-the-hallway era. So I remember wild and elaborate interpretive dancing in the hallways with all my high school friends as well as my new college tripper freaks. Then, of course, we would shut down the parking lot and take the party back to campus. The next day, we would get up and do it all again.
Eric Krasno (Soulive/Lettuce): 10/16/89
I was very lucky to have an older brother who was a musician and a Deadhead. But the best part was that he was willing to tote around his 13-year-old little brother to shows with him. The most memorable night of that era for me was Oct. 16, 1989. Many Deadheads know this show as the night they brought back the song “Dark Star.” They had played this song a week earlier under the name The Warlocks, but this was the first version under the Grateful Dead name since ‘81 and, in my opinion, is one of the best versions. I still vividly remember the parking lot scene at the Meadowlands—a world within itself. I remember walking around with my brother feeling a million different ways, but mostly curious about the people we saw, met and hung out with while trying to find our way inside. It blew my mind to hear all these people predict setlists and talk about Bobby and Jerry like they were best friends. The question going around was, “Will we get ‘Dark Star?' We didn't have a ticket but we were assured by everyone we ran into that we'd get in. Eventually, my brother found a friend of his that was actually friends with the band. We not only got tickets to the show but got to go backstage. The show was epic— they played a bunch of my favorites: “Mississippi Half-Step,” “Deal,” “Uncle John's Band” and, of course, “Dark Star.” I instantly started collecting live tapes after that. I have a recording of 10/16/89 and, to this day, I get to tell people I got to high-five Jerry backstage that night.
Chris Funk (The Decemberists): 6/7/91
I grew up near Chicago, and one of my best pals, Jami, was always skipping school to see the Dead. I was listening to more punk and The Smiths and didn't get the Dead initially, but I was curious why my pal was continuously risking expulsion (despite understanding our shared love for “the other trips”). So I went—sat in a dusty parking lot, ate banana honey sandwiches and gooballs sold to me from rancid coolers, drank “dank beer,” sucked down balloons, hacked on dirt weed as well as played the game by the same name. As I write this from the backstage of a festival this all seems horrible, but at the time I wanted on the bus. I went to as many shows as I could get tickets to by decorating my envelopes. Sadly, I saw Brent's last show as well as Jerry's last show—both in the Chicago area. The best shows I saw were in my home state of Indiana at Deer Creek in ‘91. The setlists were classic, and the band sounded amazing. They played “Don't Ease Me In” (which I was told was a big deal), “Mississippi Half-Step” (one of my faves) and encored one night with “The Weight.” I remember Garcia smiling a bunch and Bobby wearing some sweet cutoffs. I had an awesome date with me and was tripping on what I was told was Owsley. I slept in a ditch full of Indiana hemp and laughed all night into the hot summer sky, woke up and did it again.
Marco Benevento: 6/14/92
The first time I saw the Dead was in ‘92 at Giants Stadium. My mom and aunt dropped me and my cousin Mikey Petrella off in the parking lot—and I'm surprised they did. As they were driving us through Shakedown Street, they saw a hippie carrying a box that had some green leaves dangling out and my aunt said, “Don't buy any- thing from that guy,” and then she laughed. I bought a tie-dye from some dude (that lasted me a good 10 years) and went into the show. I remember seeing Phil Lesh come on the huge Jumbotron TV to give an announcement about not jumping the wall “‘cause you can't dance with a broken ankle.” And sure enough, as soon as the show started, opening with “Shakedown Street,” a sea of hippies cascaded down the padded blue, Giants Stadium walls onto the floor. I still have that visual in my head. That night, the Steve Miller Band opened up and I remember that being incredible, too. While soaking in the Dead set, I remember sitting down toward the middle of the show and staring at the two drummers. I really loved that element.
Walter Martin (The Walkmen): 6/20/92
When I was in high school in D.C. and the Dead would come to RFK Stadium, my friends and I would go hang out in the parking lot and misbehave. I was a big Velvet Underground guy and a big music snob, and I had some stupid hang-ups about the Dead, so I only actually went inside to see the show once (June 20, 1992). Only in my mid-20s did I grow up, lose my (many) hang-ups and open my eyes to the magic of the Dead. These days, the Dead section in my record collection is way bigger than The Velvet Underground section, RFK is gone and I no longer hang out in parking lots.
The chief executive of the “anonymous” social media app Whisper broke his silence late on Saturday, saying he welcomed the debate sparked by Guardian US revelations about his company's tracking of users and declaring “we realise that we're not infallible”.
Michael Heyward's statement was his first public response to a series of articles published in the Guardian which revealed how Whisper monitors the whereabouts of users of an app he has in the past described as “the safest place on the internet”.
Whisper hosts 2.6 million messages a day posted through its app, which promises users a place to “anonymously share your thoughts and secrets” and has billed itself as a platform for whistleblowers.
The Guardian's disclosures, which were based on a visit to Whisper's headquarters and detailed conversations with its executives, prompted privacy experts to call for a federal inquiry into the company.
Heyward, who stayed silent for more than 48 hours, came under intense pressure to respond to the controversy. His statement was posted on a blog late on Saturday.
Unlike other Whisper representatives, who have strongly denied the disclosures, Heyward did not dispute the accuracy of the Guardian's reporting. But he insisted his company was founded on “honesty and transparency” and indicated Whisper would take firm action against employees who breach those values.
“Above all else, we always strive to do right by our users,” he said. “We have zero tolerance for any employee who violates that trust.”
Heyward expressed “dismay” that the Guardian, which had previously collaborated with Whisper on three small projects, “published a series of stories questioning our commitment to your privacy”.
“While we're disappointed with the Guardian's approach, we welcome the discussion,” Heyward said. “We realise that we're not infallible, and that reasonable people can disagree about a new and quickly evolving area like online anonymity.”
In formal responses to the Guardian's reports, Whisper had insisted it “does not follow or track users”. Heyward, however, said only that Whisper does not “actively” track users.
The 27-year-old CEO's remarks contrast with those of his editor-in-chief, Neetzan Zimmerman, who mounted an offensive immediately after the reports were published, accusing Guardian journalists of fabricating quotes and denouncing the reports as “a pack of vicious lies”.
The Guardian witnessed how Zimmerman's editorial team monitors the movements of certain users during a three-day visit to the company's California headquarters to explore the possibility of future editorial collaboration. Two Guardian reporters were given access to Whisper's back-end tools and spoke extensively with company executives.
Zimmerman's team uses an in-house mapping tool to research the movements of users who have opted into geolocation services, using GPS data which is “fuzzed” to be accurate within 500 metres of where messages are posted. The reporters witnessed how Zimmerman's team tried to determine the “veracity” of potentially newsworthy users by researching their location, sifting through their trail of previous posts and and tracing their movements over time.
When researching users who had disabled geolocation services – preventing the company from accessing their GPS-based data – Whisper executives explained how the editorial team instead relied on IP data to work out a targeted user's approximate location.
Zimmerman contested the Guardian's detailed account of those practices, saying it was “100% false” and “a 100% lie” to say the editorial team ever accessed rough location data for people who have opted out. “When I specifically say that they are lying, that's what I mean – that does not happen, and it simply can't happen,” he told the tech news site Gigaom.
However, Whisper's senior vice-president, Eric Yellin, had already acknowledged the practice, telling the Guardian before the stories were published: “We occasionally look at user IP addresses internally to determine very approximate locations.” The admission was made in an email exchange about the location-tracking practices of Whisper's editorial team.
Heyward acknowledged in his statement on Saturday that Whisper collects IP data which can infer rough location data but did not specify how that information is used – except to say it is sometimes shared with law enforcement. Heyward also acknowledged that Whisper does look at the past activity of some users on the app to “assess the authenticity” of their posts.
Heyward also responded to the Guardian's disclosure that Whisper was sharing user information with a suicide prevention study run by the Pentagon, based on smartphones the social media app can pinpoint to military bases. Users had not been told about the research. Heyward said Whisper was “proudly working with organisations to lower suicide rates, including the Department of Defense's Suicide Prevention Office”. He added: “We can't wait to establish more of these relationships and effect real change.”
The Guardian also revealed on Thursday that Whisper was developing a version of its app to comply with Chinese censorship laws, and indefinitely archiving data, including messages users may think they have deleted, in a database. Heyward's statement did not address those disclosures.
His company had built media partnerships with the cable TV channel Fusion and the online news website Buzzfeed, and was searching for new partners. Heyward said a key part of Whisper's mission was to “shine a light” on important social issues, and his blogpost linked to stories that have been published on Buzzfeed. “We look forward to continuing this important work with our partners,” Heyward said.
Both Buzzfeed and Fusion have suspended their partnerships with the social media app in the wake of the Guardian's revelations.
Heyward said changes to Whisper's terms of use and privacy policy were “not related” to the Guardian's reporting. Whisper rewrote its terms of service on Monday – four days after learning the Guardian planned to publish details about its business practices.
Heyward said these changes were finalised in July and were due to be published in October, along with a new website. Heyward did not mention the update to Whisper's terms of service that occurred in September. Explaining the decision to change the terms of service, again, on Monday, he said: “Our communications with the Guardian made it clear that our users would benefit from seeing them sooner”.
Our concept of what the 'flying motorcycle' could look like.
A recent interview with current hoverboard world record holder, Franky Zapata, unveiled some very interesting hints of what awesome tech may be coming in the near future.
He told Gizmag that they are working on building something:
"Like a flying machine from Star Wars."
This sounds totally awesome and plausible given what we've already seen his team accomplish. I mean honestly, who would've thought the Flyboard would catch on?
This concept of hoverbikes and flying jetbikes isn't new, but the fact that Zapata Racing has a track record and can likely build a device that could be commercialized is the important bit to focus on.
He goes on further to state:
"I think in the next few months, we will be able to have this machine working. Our goal is to first help the army or French security to work against terrorism, like what happened in Paris. If you have a flying board or flying motorcycle, you can take off in 30 seconds and catch the people in minutes. The motorcycle will carry the fuel, so it will be able to fly for almost 30 minutes at 300 km/h."
He seems to be very confident in creating this next-gen vehicle, especially given his current prototype is so new. If the French military green-lights this and provides funding, we definitely see this project turning into a reality and possibly allowing them the resources to build a consumer version one day. I can only imagine what type of legislation will have to follow as this would likely create an entire new category for personal transportation vehicles.
Private companies, individuals, and general demand from the public could also help bring this to light if they can deliver a safe and reliable product.
We will have to just wait and see. We are optimistic!
If you missed the world record flight, you can catch it below or find more information here.
Just when we all thought - or some wanted us to think - that NVIDIA has lackluster support for open source, it's become known that the company will soon be publicly releasing some GPU programming documentation for its Tegra architecture. At the moment, this documentation will affect Tegra's 2D rendering engine only, but there's hope that 3D will be added to the mix at some point in the future.
This new support from NVIDIA was unveiled during a talk by Lucas Stach at the X.org-focused XDC2012 conference in Nürnberg, Germany, which is sure to bring a smile to Linus Torvald's face. You might recall that back in June, Linus gave the middle finger (literally) to NVIDIA for its appalling support of its Optimus technology in Linux. While not the most professional manner in which to get a point across, it did result in Optimus for Linux eventually getting announced.
As reported by Michael Larabel at Phoronix, one of Stach's slides stated, "NVIDIA committed to OpenSource", which is where the upcoming Tegra documentation release was first mentioned. As Phoronix reports, NVIDIA earlier this year had apparently worked with two developers for the Nouveau project, even going as far as to sample a couple of GeForce GTX 680s to make sure its driver was up to snuff as quickly as possible.
Perhaps even more interesting - there's also on-going support for the as-of-yet unreleased GK110, a.k.a. Tesla K20. It's not uncommon to see hardware support added to the Linux kernel long before a product ships - there's already some Haswell support, in fact - but it's not something we ever expect to see from NVIDIA.
It's hard to say that any of this is a sign that NVIDIA is truly beginning to embrace open source, and I sure wouldn't expect the Nouveau driver to catch up to the proprietary one anytime soon, but things are looking good nonetheless.
Do you remember Zoé Zebra and the “Boule-O-Thon”?
No?
Do you remember news about a Gatineau porn star who hosted a controversial “sex marathon” to raise money for breast implants?
Yes, that's ringing a bell, isn't it?
Well, despite the minor furor the event caused, Zoé Zebra's “Boule-O-Thon” was a success, says André de la Seine, the promoter for adult entertainment company AD4X.
A press release issued Wednesday by the Montreal-based company said, “Well, it's official, Zoé Zebra got her breast implants.”
The “Boule-O-Thon” was held in September in a private apartment above Bar 77, a licensed contact strip club on Gatineau's Main Street.
Zebra, who was 22 at the time, agreed to film a sex scene with 25 men to pay for her surgery.
De la Seine said the idea for the event was Zebra's. Men paid a $15 cover to get in the bar, and then Zebra chose what she wanted to do, and with whom.
“She had the surgery in April and is very happy with the results,” de la Seine said in an interview.
So, how did this all come about?
“It began as a joke,” de la Seine said.
AD4X had just filmed a scene with a 23-year-old who had sex with 23 men, and Zebra said casually that she would have sex with 25 men if the company would pay for breast implants.
Next thing he knew, de la Seine was searching for a venue for the event.
And finding participants? That wasn't an issue.
“We stuck at 25 because of the agreement with Zoé, but we could have had 10 more easily.”
But before the “sex marathon” could take place, AD4X had to deal with an angry mayor.
In the days leading up to the September event, Gatineau's mayor, Maxime Pedneaud-Jobin, told Le Droit the event was “shameful” and the city was trying to stop it.
“He called the cops. He called everybody, but he couldn't do anything. We know the law. We respect all the law,” de la Seine said.
“We deal with Bell, we deal with Videotron, we deal with Telus because we are a supplier of porn movies for TV stations. And every movie we do has to have the stamp of the CRTC, so we can't just do wrong things.”
Zebra has recovered from surgery and has filmed her first movies with her new breasts, de la Seine said.
“She's happy. She got what she wanted.”
The original “Boule-O-Thon” and her latest films are available for members on AD4X's website.
Pedneaud-Jobin was not immediately available for comment.
thall@ottawacitizen.com
Twitter.com/tomhallca
Hey Arnold! The Jungle Movie will tie up some of the classic Nickelodeon cartoon's 13-year-old loose ends when it premieres this November. But the cast and creator told Polygon during an interview at New York Comic Con that the TV movie will leave the door open for new adventures — which they're desperate to tell with a full new season of episodes.
“It's resolution but not closure,” said voice actress Olivia Hack, who's played Arnold's prissiest friend since the show began. The film will finally unravel the mystery behind what happened to Arnold's parents, who went missing when he was a baby. It's easily the biggest question lingering on fans' minds since the show wrapped on a cliffhanger in 2004, after five seasons.
“Our goal is to go to series after this. We're hoping that's what happens.”
With much of the original team already back on board for The Jungle Movie, everyone seems game to keep the reunion rolling. It helps that Craig Bartlett, creator of Hey Arnold!, kept the hope of making more of the show alive over the years. He kept in touch with cast members like Hack and Andy McAfee, who returns to play shy whiz kid Phoebe, and would bring up The Jungle Movie here and there as time went by.
“I personally didn't really think anything was going to happen,” McAfee said. “[But then] he said, ‘Well, we did it. We got The Jungle Movie greenlit.'”
Projects like a Hey Arnold! TV movie seem like obvious nostalgia plays on Nickelodeon's part. The network doesn't seem shy about wanting to tap into a persistent millennial affection for its old Nicktoons, with Invader Zim and Rocko's Modern Life also set to get the special revival treatment. But who says the buck has to stop there?
Not Bartlett, who said that he hopes to carry on with new Arnold! adventures for as long as he can.
“[In season six] they would be in sixth grade and so on, and we would just watch them grow,” Bartlett told the audience during a Comic Con panel about the film. “Maybe eventually they'd even become teenagers.”
The Jungle Movie airs Nov. 24, but we'll have to wait and see if this just the start of something new.
Sheriff Owens is a man who has resigned himself to a life of fighting what little crime takes place in sleepy border town Sommerton Junction after leaving his LAPD post following a bungled operation that left him wracked with failure and defeat after his partner was crippled. After a spectacular escape from an FBI prisoner convoy, the most notorious, wanted drug kingpin in the hemisphere is hurtling toward the border at 200 mph in a specially outfitted car with a hostage and a fierce army of gang members. He is headed, it turns out, straight for Summerton Junction, where the whole of U.S. law enforcement will have their last opportunity to make a stand and intercept him before he slips across the border forever. At first reluctant to become involved, and then counted out because of the perceived ineptitude of his small town force, Owens ultimately accepts responsibility for the face off. Written by Production
(Health.com) -- Young children who watch a lot of TV aren't just missing out on more stimulating activities. They may also be destined for problems at school and unhealthier habits later in life, new research suggests.
Each additional hour of TV that toddlers watch per week translates into poorer classroom behavior, lower math scores, less physical activity, and more snacking at age 10, according to a new study in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine.
"Kids should be doing things that are intellectually enriching: playing with board games, playing with dice, playing with things that will improve their motor skills, reading," says the lead author of the study, Linda Pagani, Ph.D., a professor in the School of Psychoeducation at the University of Montreal, in Quebec. "All that is replaced by sitting on the couch."
Pagani and her colleagues followed more than 1,300 children for over seven years. Using parent surveys, the researchers measured the amount of TV the kids watched at age two-and-a-half, and again at age four-and-a-half.
Then, when the children were in fourth grade, the researchers asked the kids' schoolteachers to rate their academic performance, how well they got along with peers, and how well they listened and followed instructions. They also asked parents about the child's diet and level of physical activity.
Health.com: 10 habits of healthy families
Each additional hour spent in front of the TV per week at age two-and-a-half corresponded to a 7 percent decrease in classroom engagement, a 6 percent decrease in overall math achievement, and a 10 percent increase in being bullied by peers. (Interestingly, TV time was not associated with reading skills.)
These findings suggest that kids who watch too much TV are "learning to be just a passive receptacle," Pagani says.
TV watching also appeared to have negative effects on physical health, with each additional weekly hour resulting in a 9 percent decline in overall physical activity, a 9 percent increase in soft-drink consumption, a 10 percent increase in snacks eaten, and a 5 percent increase in body mass index.
Health.com: 8 reasons to make time for family dinner
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that children under the age of 2 watch no television at all, and after age 2 watch no more than one to two hours of quality programming a day. But nearly half of 1- to 2-year-olds and more than 40 percent of 2- to 3-year-olds are estimated to watch more than the recommended amount, the study notes.
How does TV harm kids?
Pagani's study is merely the latest to call attention to the drawbacks of childhood TV-watching. A number of studies have linked too much TV to a range of negative effects in kids, including shorter attention spans, slower language acquisition, increased aggression, and weight gain.
Experts have suggested several possible explanations for these findings. One theory is that time spent in front of the tube is time that could be spent on more enriching activities. As Dr. Jeffrey Brosco, M.D., a professor of clinical pediatrics at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, puts it, "Every hour that you're watching TV, you're not talking to someone, not playing a game, not building something with your blocks."
Health.com: Too much TV linked to earlier death
Another theory is that the act of watching television can harm developing brains. A child's brain triples in size within the first three years of life in response to external stimulation, says Dr. Dimitri Christakis, M.D., a professor of pediatrics at the University of Washington and the country's foremost expert on the health effects of TV in childhood.
"Early exposure to [television] can actually be over-stimulating for the developing brain, and that can lead to shorter attention spans [and] cognitive difficulties," says Christakis, the author of "The Elephant in the Living Room: Make Television Work for Your Kids."
The rapid edits and quick sequences found in many of today's TV shows may be especially harmful in this respect, Christakis adds. "The hypothesis we have is that this conditions the mind to expect high levels of input, and by comparison, reality is boring -- it doesn't happen fast enough," he says.
Yet another possibility is that the negative effects of TV that have been reported in studies are in fact a symptom of broader family and household dynamics. In the new study, for instance, the children whose mothers were less educated and children from single-parent families tended to watch more television. Although Pagani and her colleagues controlled for these and other factors in their analysis, household habits can shape studies like this in ways that can be difficult to tease out.
Health.com: Make play areas greener and safer for kids
"It's always possible that what you're measuring is not TV itself, but families that are more likely to let their kids watch TV versus families that don't want them to watch TV, or maternal education," says Brosco. "No one really understands what the effects of TV truly are, but so many studies--like this [one]--suggest TV is just plain bad for you."
Some TV shows are better than others
Watching television isn't necessarily harmful, however, and it doesn't have to be a mindless activity, says Christakis. He points out that Pagani and her colleagues did not ask about the specific programming that kids watched, which may weaken the findings.
"The results of this study probably in some ways misrepresent the reality," Christakis says. "Studies that we've done find that what kids watch--and how they watch--is as important as how much they watch."
Health.com: Is it baby fat or obesity?
Christakis believes that children should watch no more than an hour of television a day at any age. But, he says, parents should distinguish between mind-numbing cartoons and educational programs such as Sesame Street. "Parents need to know that the best-quality shows have a curriculum," he says. "They're trying to teach your child something, anything from the letter k to skills like how to share or how to handle a conflict."
According to Christakis, the best way for young children to watch TV is with a parent. This allows parents to use potentially negative content (such as violence or advertising) as a learning experience, and also provides an opportunity to engage with the children and reinforce the message of educational shows.
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
