The SacFree press release promised:
“The world-wide first testicle-free men's underwear — a fantastic, comfortable, free feeling and a new sexy look. … And so it works: sacfree® protects and supports the penis in a bag-like pouch. Till here sacfree® feels like a classic slip. For the testicle sacfree® offers pure space. Through an opening the sac can hang out completely free. … With its open kind sacfree® makes for a fresh breeze. A comfortable and manly healthy characteristic… [A]bove all, people who work vocationally much in sitting will appreciate the new sacfree® freedom.”
So back in our bedroom after dinner, I removed my shirt. “Oooooooh,” she cooed. I unfastened my belt. “Mmmmmmm,” she purred. I dropped my drawers.
“Your … your balls …?” she gawked at my crotchless boxers with a combination of bafflement and horror.
“Yes,” I nodded confidently. “My balls.”
REYKJAVIK, ICELAND--(Marketwire - Mar 8, 2012) - CCP Games today announced that player elections within its science-fiction game, EVE Online, have drawn over 33,000 votes, more than the number of votes in two Super Tuesday presidential primaries combined.
More players have voted for their representatives in EVE than voted for candidates in the Alaska and North Dakota primaries on March 6. With polls open for the next six days, voter participation in EVE Online has reached 8 percent, surpassing participation in four of the ten Republican contests. At current voting rates, voter participation in EVE will exceed all ten.
The Council of Stellar Management (CSM), created by CCP in 2008, was the first democratically elected governing body for a virtual world. It consists of nine representatives and five alternates, each elected yearly by popular vote from EVE's player base, a population of approximately 400,000 cyber citizens.
The purpose of the CSM is to represent the views of the members of the EVE Online community to CCP. Upon being elected, the members of the CSM communicate closely with CCP through two annual summits, held in Iceland, and an internal forum, which only the CSM and CCP can access.
"Politics in EVE Online is a serious business," said Hilmar Pétursson, CEO of CCP. "Players canvass for votes, fund political ads, undermine rival campaigns and strike back-room deals to swing elections. We've found that people can be at least as interested in who runs their virtual world as who runs their actual country."
About CCP
CCP is recognized for the creation of revolutionary gaming experiences designed with a unique combination of stunning artistry and advanced technology. Best known as the independent developer and publisher of EVE Online, the critically-acclaimed, space-based massively multiplayer online game (MMO) and PC Gamer's 2009 'MMO of the Year,' two additional titles are now in production: World of Darkness, a dark, immersive MMO based on the legendary roleplaying franchise of the same name; and DUST 514, the groundbreaking massively multiplayer online first-person shooter (MMOFPS) set in and linked to the EVE Online universe. Founded in Iceland in 1997, CCP is privately held and has offices in Atlanta, Newcastle, Reykjavik and Shanghai with a datacenter in London. More information can be found at www.ccpgames.com.
About EVE Online
EVE Online is a spectacular, captivating gaming experience where hundreds of thousands of players compete within the same virtual cosmic universe for riches, power, glory and adventure. In EVE, players can create and live out their most virtuous or sinister dreams, piloting starships through a futuristic galaxy featuring a sophisticated, player-run economy and a solar system rife with treasures to be discovered. With professions ranging from commodities trader to mercenary, industrial entrepreneur to pirate, mining engineer to battle fleet commander and more, EVE players have access to a diverse array of tools and interfaces to forge their own exhilarating path. EVE players can also interact within EVE Gate, a Web-based portal for the EVE community to connect, organize and communicate outside of the game itself. Learn more and sign up for a free trial at www.eveonline.com.
(a) HEK293 cells expressing SEP-CB1R were preincubated with 30μM dyngo-4a and imaged under TIRF before and after bath application of 10μM WIN55212-2. Representative kymograph shows prolonged SEP-CB1R dwell times in the presence of dyngo-4a. (b) HEK293 cells expressing SEP-CB1R were pre-incubated with 30μM dyngo-4a before exposure to agonists and compared with no dyngo-4a treatment. (c) Graph provides the quantified ERK1/2 phosphorylation induced by 10 μM of each compound shown in b. Data are expressed as a percentage of the level of phosphorylation at 5 min for each compound without dyngo-4a pre-treatment. (d) HEK293 cells expressing SEP-CB1Rs with and without dyngo-4a pretreatment were exposed to 10μM 2-AG as indicated with PTX pre-treatment. (e) HEK293 cells co-expressing SEP-CB1R and β-arrestin-1 siRNAs with and without dyngo-4a pretreatment were exposed to 10μM 2-AG as indicated. (f) Quantified time course in d,e showing ERK1/2 phosphorylation levels induced by 10μM 2-AG for 5, 15, 30, 45 and 60 min for cells either pre-treated with PTX or co-transfected with β-arrestin-1 siRNA. (g) HEK293 cells expressing SEP-CB1R were treated with PTX (or no PTX as a control), and then incubated with 30μM dyngo-4a before subsequent exposure to WIN 55,212-2. (h) Graph provides the quantified ERK1/2 phosphorylation induced by 10μM WIN 55,212-2 in the absence of PTX treatment shown in g. (i) HEK293 cells expressing SEP-CB1R with or without dominant-negative dynamin 2 K44A were exposed to agonists. (j) Graph provides the quantified ERK1/2 phosphorylation induced by 10 μM of each compound shown in me. All data are expressed as a percentage of the level of phosphorylation at 5 min for 2-AG without dyngo-4a pre-treatment and represent the mean±s.e.m. of at least three independent experiments.
This story appears in the December issue of VICE magazine.
These photos are from Jason Jaworski's Labyrinth, a collection he created while traveling for 13 days through slums in the Philippines. He was accompanied by a gang of little people who, after finding out he was from Los Angeles, thought he was a film director because of all the equipment he had. He told them he was just a photographer, but they didn't believe him and together they created a kind of collaborative theater. The group, calling themselves "MIDGETZ," played for Jaworski's camera, shooting guns, setting cars on fire, and dressing up as women—all the while providing unfettered access to the shantytowns outside Manila.
The collection premiered at the 2015 Los Angeles Art Book Fair and is now available at Dashwood Books.
Mike's Leggero by Walt Siegl Reading time: about 3 minutes. Ducati
Engineering
Motorcycles
Rare
Walt Siegl is the man many modern custom motorcycle builders pointed to as a primary source of inspiration, he's been building world class bikes since the '80s – when he was based out of a friend's basement in Long Island City.
Meet Walt Siegl
Walt left art school at the age of 19 and found work in a train yard in France, over the course of the next few years the young Austrian was trained up as a toolmaker, and worked in this capacity in Germany and Italy.
It was whilst working at an Austrian steel company that he was transferred to Moscow – where he joined the Austrian Foreign Service. He was so adept at his new career that he was given a coveted transfer to New York in 1985 to promote contemporary Austrian art and culture for the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Decades after first arriving he left New York in 2007 to move with his family to a picturesque old mill town in southern New Hampshire, and he began building motorcycles as a full time business. His Leggero series of production Ducati-based motorcycles are now in demand around the world – with 21 having been delivered to customers from Australia, America, France, Canada, and further afield.
The Story of the Walt Siegl Leggero
The Leggero is perhaps the best-known Ducati that isn't built by Ducati. The chromoly steel trellis frame is cut and welded by Walt in his workshop, the completed frame weighs in at just 15 lbs. The body work is also made in-house by Walt from Kevlar, using a design he developed to be both aerodynamic and to evoke some of the styling queues of the iconic racing Ducatis from years gone by.
Each Leggero is fitted with a Ducati Desmodromic two-valve L-twin that's been blueprinted and rebuilt by Bruce Meyers Performance, with either Keihins FCR carburettors or fuel injection systems. These engines will never produce the same power as a modern Ducati engine, but that's not their purpose. They're built to give the rider a direct connection from their right wrist to their rear tire – there are no traction control systems, no ride by wire, no ABS, and no rain mode.
The Leggero Shown Here
The bike you see here is the most recent Leggero to roll out of Walt's workshop. It was built for a man named Mike, described by Walt as an industrial designer and the owner of a top notch American motorcycle company.
Mike chose to opt for upgrades, including fully adjustable Öhlins suspension front and back, specially built for the bike's relatively light kerb weight of 305 lbs. He also opted for carbon fiber BST wheels, a lightweight aluminium subframe (1.3 lbs), an aluminium trellis swing arm (an original designed by Pierre Terblanche), and ported and polished heads to further improve engine output. This is actually his second Leggero – testament to just how addictive these bikes are.
If you'd like to see more of Walt's work or order your own Leggero you can click here to visit his official website, or you can click here to see a full catalogue of all the Leggeros built so far.
All images by Daniela Maria
Badeborn -
Sachsen-Anhalts AfD will gegen eine Gruppe innerparteilicher Kritiker vorgehen. Der Landesparteitag forderte am Sonnabend den Landesvorstand mit großer Mehrheit auf, „notwendige Schlussfolgerungen“ aus dem Aufdecken einer „Verschwörung“ zu ziehen. Die Blockierung der Partei müsse beendet werden, heißt es weiter in dem Beschluss. Vorangegangen war ein heftiger Streit mit persönlichen Attacken und vielen Zwischenrufen.
Landeschef André Poggenburg greift Landtagsabgeordneten Daniel Roi an
Am Donnerstagabend hatte Landeschef André Poggenburg die Teilnehmer einer WhatsApp-Gruppe als Verschwörer bezeichnet. Auszüge aus den Chatprotokollen kursieren seit Tagen innerhalb der Partei. „Das ist subversives, umstürzlerisches Verhalten“, sagte Poggenburg beim Parteitag. Namentlich griff er den Landtagsabgeordneten Daniel Roi an, der auch AfD-Kreischef in Anhalt-Bitterfeld ist. „Das Paktieren mit der Presse, um eigene Befindlichkeiten durchzusetzen, ist ein absolutes No-Go“, sagte Poggenburg unter großem Beifall.
Roi verteidigte seine Teilnahme an der Chatgruppe. Es gebe eine weitverbreitete Unzufriedenheit in der Partei. Die Kreisvorsitzenden würden nicht ernst genommen. Roi forderte seine Kritiker auf, auch ihrerseits interne Chatprotokolle offenzulegen. Sein Fraktionskollege Hans-Thomas Tillschneider warf Roi und den anderen Chat-Teilnehmern „Bolschewismus“ vor. „Verschwindet aus der Partei!“, rief Frank Bauermeister aus dem Kreisverband Harz. Freiwillig zurückziehen wollen sich die Vorstandskritiker allerdings nicht. Über lange Strecken gab es Gebrüll, die Situation drohte zu eskalieren. Mit der Androhung von Ordnungsrufen griff der Sitzungsleiter durch.
Poggenburg wird „Spitzenwahlkämpfer“ bei der Bundestagswahl - kandidiert aber nicht
Zuvor hatte der Parteitag Poggenburg zum „Spitzenwahlkämpfer“ bei der Bundestagswahl ernannt. Poggenburg kandidiert selbst nicht. Er erhielt bei lediglich drei Gegenstimmen eine große Mehrheit. Die Landtagsabgeordneten Roi, Jan Wenzel Schmidt und Hannes Loth hatten allerdings zuvor die Notwendigkeit einer solchen Position in Frage gestellt. „Ich habe die Befürchtung, dass es Kompetenzgerangel gibt“, sagte Roi. Landesvize Ronny Kumpf argumentierte hingegen, Poggenburg sei das Gesicht der AfD in Sachsen-Anhalt und könne ein besseres Wahlergebnis erzielen.
Streit gab es auch um die Parteifinanzen. Gernot Nette aus Halle hatte Poggenburg und Schatzmeister Frank Pasemann wegen Veruntreuung von Geldern angezeigt. „Ich bedanke mich für die Anzeige“, kommentierte Pasemann das sarkastisch, „das war rufschädigend.“ Nette rügte erneut, der Landesvorstand habe für 2016 regelwidrig keinen Haushalt aufgestellt, erntete dafür aber nur höhnisches Lachen der Mehrheit. Pasemann kritisierte seinerseits, vier Landtagsabgeordnete weigerten sich, die geforderten Mandatsträgerabgaben an den Landesverband abzuführen. „Das finde ich empörend.“
Am Sonntag will die AfD die Kandidatenliste für die Bundestagswahl aufstellen
Dass Pasemann den Haushaltsplan für 2017 lediglich mündlich vorstellte, wollte Wittenbergs Kreischef Dirk Hoffmann nicht akzeptieren. „Solche Zahlen müssen den Mitgliedern schriftlich und rechtzeitig vorliegen“, sagte er. Durchsetzen konnte er sich nicht, die vorstandstreue Mehrheit stimmte seinen Antrag weg.
Am Sonntag will die Partei die Kandidatenliste für die Bundestagswahl aufstellen. Der Landesvorstand schlägt Martin Reichardt (Landkreis Börde) als Spitzenkandidaten vor. Die AfD hat nach eigenen Angaben in Sachsen-Anhalt 675 Mitglieder. (mz)
Simon Trace is the CEO of the international development charity Practical Action, which works to help poor people in the developing world use technology to transform their lives.
Human development has gone hand-in-hand with technical change. Technology (defined for these purposes as both knowledge and tools) enables people to achieve well-being with less effort and drudgery, or at lower cost and with fewer resources. Technical innovation is essential for people to be able to make more effective use of the resources available to them and to respond to social, economic and environmental changes.
For those of us lucky enough to live today in one of the so-called "developed nations," modern technology is so woven into the fabric of our daily lives that we barely notice how dependent we are on it. But remove even just one simple strand and things start to unravel very quickly, as a simple thought experiment demonstrates.
The Tech Disparity
Try to replay the first two hours of your day after getting out of bed on a cold, dark winter's morning in your mind. Then repeat the exercise imagining how you would have fared if you did not have an electricity or gas supply to your house, your neighborhood or your place of work. That's how a third of humanity lives. One hundred and thirty-two years after Edison introduced the first commercially viable incandescent light bulb, 1.3 billion people are still living in darkness, with no access to electricity, and 2.7 billion still cook over open fires. Clearly we have a problem ensuring well-established technologies are made available to all who need them.
Here's another couple of statistics. A 2008 Global Health Forum report estimates that only about 5% of the world's resources for health research are applied to the health problems of low and middle income countries, where 93% of the world's preventable deaths occur. Meanwhile, a 2009 UN Food & Agriculture Organization report estimates that the 80 poorest countries of the world account for just 6% of global, publicly funded agricultural R&D, and just 2% of privately funded agricultural R&D. So the problem is not just about the dissemination of existing technologies, but also about where our technology innovation effort lies.
If you follow the money and see where the bulk of global investment in technology R&D goes, it is not into things that address some of the biggest issues of the day — the nearly 1 billion malnourished people in the world, the 1.3 billion without electricity, the nearly 1 billion still without access to clean drinking water. As Bill Gates once said in a TED talk, there is something very wrong with a world that spends more on developing a cure for male baldness than it does on finding a vaccine for malaria.
The problem doesn't stop here, however. At the moment, the world exists in what could be called a "double whammy" state of technological injustice. Not only does technology innovation and dissemination overwhelmingly favor the wants of today's rich and powerful consumers in the developed world over the needs of the poor in the developing world, it also overwhelmingly prioritizes the aspirations of today's generation over those of future generations. Our addiction to fossil fuel-based technologies will leave a very difficult legacy of climate change to our children and grandchildren's generations, which may well limit their ability to live the lives they aspire to.
The Concept of Technological Justice
Humanity now faces a huge challenge. The way we oversee technology innovation from here on will determine whether we can find a sustainable future within the carrying capacity of the ecology we inhabit and whether that future will involve well-being for some or for all. This implies that our development and use of technology has to comply with the principle of "technological justice" — namely, the right of people to decide, choose and use technologies that assist them in leading the kind of life they value without compromising the ability of others and future generations to do the same.
The concept of technological justice requires a rethinking of how — both in the developing and the developed world — we encourage and nurture technological innovation that has social value and is environmentally sustainable. Engaging more people (especially poor women and men) in national debates around science and technology policy is important. Technological justice also requires us to understand and adapt the current drivers that power technological innovation.
We need national science and technology policies, state research funding, tax regimes and international trade agreements and regulations that value and foster collaboration and open source approaches to R&D, and that favor these over processes based on competition and the capture of intellectual property rights, where it is clear the former will provide greater social and environmental benefits. Only by doing this will we develop systems of innovation that not only deliver new and powerful science-based technology solutions to some of the major problems the world now faces, but also be able to fully harness the power of existing indigenous knowledge (including that which cannot be commoditized and so is undervalued by the current system) to contribute to that goal.
The Task Ahead
Is that really possible, particularly in a world which favors short-term, market-driven decision making? Five years ago I would have said “no,” but circumstances are changing. Perhaps for the first time in history, these two great challenges — fighting poverty and finding a sustainable future for all — are beginning to join up into a single issue. We cannot find a sustainable future for any of us on the planet, rich or poor, unless we find a way to deal with the threat of climate change, and thus comply with the principle of inter-generational technological justice.
But, as we saw at the last two failed global rounds of negotiations on climate change, we're not making progress on carbon. Why? One big sticking point is that it is not something that's solely in the hands of the developed world any more. Even if the U.S. can be brought on board, a global deal on carbon is meaningless unless the developing world, and in particular the big economies of India, China and Brazil, are brought on board, too. And that will not happen without a global deal on technology transfer to the developing world that addresses poverty in their own countries.
In their current form, our market-driven economies, with their short-term horizons and externalization of environmental costs, cannot deliver solutions to these problems. But markets just work inside a set of rules. Change the rules to internalize environmental costs and favor long-term decision making and there is a chance that capitalism can still be part of the solution. Will that happen? Almost certainly. Will it happen in time to prevent catastrophic environmental change and widespread poverty-fueled conflict? Only if we want it to badly enough.
Image courtesy of iStockphoto, tumpikuja
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Not that these tactics are always done by the big corporations in the name of squeezing out competition. Sometimes it's the little guy who figures out how to game the system.
For instance, what kind of soap do you have next to your bathroom sink? Statistically, it's probably not a bar of soap, but one of those little pumps of liquid. It's neater and more convenient, and soap companies sell billions of dollars' worth of them every year now.
Via Funnycoolstuff.com
You know, the ones we all have in our bathrooms.
But back in the 1970s, liquid hand soap was sold by one guy: Robert Taylor, and his small company Minnetonka. It was his invention, and he knew he was on to something big. Test audiences loved the product and, despite barely having enough resources to do so, Minnetonka decided to go all in and make a push to take the product nationwide.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
There was only one problem: Nothing he was selling could be patented. The concept of liquid soap wasn't new, and simple pumps had been around since the dawn of civilization. As a result, Taylor knew several huge soap manufacturers were ready to happily steal his idea the very moment it looked like it could succeed on a large scale. Armed with superior resources and the ability to quickly R&D an imitation product, the industry giants were ready to crush tiny Minnetonka.
Photos.com
"Yeah, if you could hurry this up, we have other dreams to destroy."
Taylor, however, was ready for this. Before any other company had the chance, Taylor decided to go shopping one day and bought a few plastic pumps. And by a few we mean FUCKING ALL OF THEM. There were only two companies nationwide manufacturing those little pumps, and Taylor ponied up $12 million -- more than the total net worth of his company at the time -- and ordered 100 million of them, effectively buying every single pump these two companies would be able to manufacture for the next year or two. We don't know exactly how Taylor broke the news to his competitors, but we imagine him standing atop a hundred-foot pile of plastic pumps in the shape of a middle finger while yelling, "I'M KING OF THE PUMPS, YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!"
Photos.com
"Tell you what -- you fuckers can have this one on the house."
Anyway, without the part required to dispense the soap, there was nothing the major companies could do but sit and watch Taylor slowly own the entire market. His product would become known as SoftSoap, and a bunch of you reading this have a bottle of it next to at least one of your sinks. Two years after his little stunt, Colgate-Palmolive would be forced to just buy SoftSoap from Taylor ... for $61 million.
For more on insane business tactics, check out 6 Companies That Make Money Solving Problems (They Made Up) and 6 Secret Monopolies You Didn't Know Run the World.
A large box of Toffifee candies, purchased in the United Kingdom in April 2007 Product type Confectionery Owner August Storck Country Germany Introduced 1973 Markets Worldwide Tagline "...there's so much fun in Toffifee!" Website www .toffifee .com
Toffifee (known in the United States as Toffifay) is a German brand of caramel candies, owned by the Berlin-based German company August Storck KG. Toffifee are caramel cups containing nougat, caramel and a hazelnut, topped with a chocolate button.[1] They are sold in 4, 12, 15, 24, 30, 48 and 96 piece boxes.
First sold in West Germany and Austria in 1973, Toffifee were marketed as a product "for the whole family". By 2016, Toffifee were being sold in over 100 countries. In the United States, Toffifee is marketed with an alternative spelling of "Toffifay" and an alternate package design. Elsewhere in the world, including in Canada and Europe, the brand retains its original spelling and orange box design.[2]
References [ edit ]
I have this recurring fantasy at the edge of waking up in the morning or while swimming laps at the pool. As with many fantasies and obsessions, it links to forces beyond my control.
President-elect Donald Trump's tweets draw my attention, like passing a wreck on the highway and finding it impossible not to look. There's a certain brilliance to the tweets that makes it difficult not to be drawn in.
Some tweets feel like a jab — attacking a union leader in Indiana or taunting the cast of "Hamilton," while others are a punch to the gut, such as mixing it up with China and North Korea, or possibly opening the door to restarting the nuclear arms race.
So here's the fantasy: Trump's Twitter account gets hacked.
The twist is that it's not the typical hack — no one is stealing information or spreading a virus or blasting menacing music with the skull and crossbones to show what a cunning hacker could do to a Twitter account with more than 20 million followers.
It's a hack simultaneously more creative and more subversive.
The fantasy is that he's hacked by a generous spirit, who instead of sowing conflict or retribution, uses the possibilities of those 140 characters to reset the discourse.
Wouldn't our enlightened hacker — channeling Trump, who suggests that he understands social media, "maybe better than anybody, ever" — also recognize the power of an apology, a truce or an invitation to break bread?
The hack begins with hundreds of tweets to the individuals Trump has insulted by name on Twitter.
So imagine @realDonaldTrump tweeting Sen. Elizabeth Warren: "Calling you Pocahontas, very racist, and a lowlife. I was the lowlife. Sad! Let's figure out ways to work together." Or to television's Megyn Kelly "Wish I hadn't called you crazy, sick, dopey and worse. Pathetic. You deserve better." Or following his recent spat with civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis, simply, "I'm sorry. Will stop. Done."
The hacker would then move from focusing on individuals to groups, reaching out with words of compassion to millions of women, disabled persons, Mexicans, Muslims and more.
"'If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.' — Dalai Lama"
The best thing about the fantasy: What could the president-elect say about this subversive work?
Given that Trump takes pride in his tweeting, he'd be reluctant to suggest he'd been hacked. Even more awkward, how does someone about to become president retract a graciously crafted apology?
The fantasy expands, so once the generous tweets are out there (one of the surest ways to get someone's attention are the three words "I am sorry"), our magnanimous hacker taps into tweets exploring the possibilities of accepting and valuing differences, listening and learning, coming together.
"'If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.' — Ronald Reagan"
"'Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.' — Eleanor Roosevelt"
While it's clear you can say a lot of nasty or boastful things in 140 characters or fewer, the opposite is true as well.
"'We need to strengthen the conviction that we are one single human family.' — Pope Francis"
Just imagine millions of people receiving a tweet from @realDonaldTrump on Friday urging them to take to heart:
"'Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.' — Martin Luther King Jr."
And then, although it might be pushing this fantasy too far, maybe, just maybe, the new president will start writing similar tweets of his own.
Steve Reifenberg serves as executive director of the University of Notre Dame's Kellogg Institute for International Studies in the Keough School of Global Affairs, and teaches international development.
Related stories:
Would an impulsive Trump hit the nuclear button?
Clarence Page: Why I'll grit my teeth and accept Trump as 'legitimate'
Does Donald Trump want single-payer health care?
FCC weighs putting political ad data online; broadcasters balk
Even though such information is already technically public, broadcasters fear that putting that level of detail on the Internet will undermine their own businesses.
Broadcasters are crying foul. Even though that information is already technically public, they fear putting that level of detail on the Web will undermine their own businesses.
But now the Federal Communications Commission wants to take that same material, which is required by law to be made available to the public, out of a dusty filing cabinet and onto the Internet. On Friday, the FCC will vote on whether to make that a new rule.
That's hardly confidential information. The details of such political advertising purchases are available to anybody willing to schlep to their local television station and ask to see the public files.
This month, just before the Pennsylvania primary, Mitt Romney's campaign bought a 30-second commercial on CBS-owned KYW-TV Philadelphia that ran during the station's late local news. The ad cost $1,800.
"One poker player would, in effect, have had at least a partial glance at the other's hand," broadcast networks CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox and Univision wrote in comments filed at the regulatory agency.
By law, in the weeks leading up to a primary or general election, broadcasters are required to sell candidates ad time at the lowest rate paid by a commercial business in that same show or time of day. (Commercial rates fluctuate on a weekly and sometimes daily basis.)
The concern among TV station owners is that commercial advertisers will use the detailed information about rates as leverage in their own negotiations. There is also fear that one station could learn what another is charging and then undercut its rates with advertisers.
In some cases, the rates are very low. In February the Obama for America campaign paid $250 for a 30-second spot on WWJ-TV Detroit.
Alan Frank, president of Post-Newsweek Stations, which has TV outlets in several big cities, including Detroit and Miami, said the FCC's plan is full of "unintended consequences." He added that the industry is fine with the online publication of the rates that candidates and political action committees spent on ads with their stations. But they don't want to get into the fine print of what ads on specific shows cost.
Under the current system, visitors who want to study political ad sales must visit the TV station in person, and then wade through reams of paperwork to find whatever factual nugget they seek. The process is labor-intensive and time-consuming — especially compared with the ease of doing a document search over the Internet.
The broadcasters like that, figuring it makes rival stations and advertisers reluctant to comb through files looking for inside information on advertising rates.
"It is a fundamentally different thing when you keep it in your station versus putting it online," said Gordon Smith, president of the National Assn. of Broadcasters, the television industry's chief lobbying arm.
Some have also expressed concern that making the information more easily available could run afoul of antitrust law.
"If government authorities would look askance, as they surely would, at sales executives from competing television stations gathering in a conference room to share this information, why would the government require that the same information be made so easily accessible online?" the big networks asked in comments to the FCC.
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski sees it differently. Last week, in a speech at the National Assn. of Broadcasters convention, he delivered a stinging rebuke to those in the television industry resisting the commission's proposals, saying they are "against technology, against transparency and against journalism."
The Case of King County's Missing Ballistic Dog Goggles
Thinkstock
In search of four pairs, perhaps looking something like this? We're not sure. Last reported location: King County.
"Ballistic dog goggles?"
Detective Jason Stanley of the King County Sheriff's Office had no idea what I was talking about. I had called to ask him about ballistic dog goggles, specifically four sets that were supposed to have been delivered to his office from the Department of Defense's military surplus gear program. Freedom of Information Act request filed by the New York Times had turned up an enormous trove of state-level data about this stuff in August, and according to the unwieldy Excel file the paper published online, the sheriff's office has received four pairs of military-grade ballistic goggles. For dogs.
“I've never seen the goggles on the dogs," Stanley said, laughing. "I'd like to see them on a deputy."
The heavily militarized police response to protests over the shooting of teenager Mike Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, drew renewed attention to the military-police gear pipeline this past summer. Last week, Mother Jones reported many police departments are now reacting to the bad PR and trying to return some of the goodies they've received for free through the DoD's 1033 program for law enforcement. One Washington sheriff's office even offered the Mother Jones reporter three tanks—just some of the extra swag among the many thousands of war items given to local police.
According to the New York Times' DoD data, a small bit of that military swag came in the form of four sets of $20 ballistic dog goggles gifted to King County. I wanted to find out how the sheriff's department could possibly be using them, so I'd started asking questions.
Despite them being listed in the file, the sheriff's office couldn't track down the goggles. In fact, their DoD records, received from the Washington Department of Enterprise Services, showed no ballistic dog goggles for King County. I checked in with the New York Times; they had uploaded the file from the DoD without any changes. So what could possibly explain the discrepancy?
Detective Stanley explained that no ballistic goggles for dogs had ever been received, but sometimes the Sheriff's Office ledger contained errors. Most of the junk they got from the DoD—including rifles, a vacuum, and several nuclear spectroscopy kits—was pretty useless anyway. "The program makes it difficult to return items because the federal government really doesn't want them back," Stanley wrote in an e-mail. "Many of the items are outdated, broken, or otherwise inoperable. Honestly, looking at the list, I would say that most of the items will never be used."
King County K-9's are "too valuable" to be put in situations that would require ballistic dog goggles, Stanley added. But that still didn't explain what happened to the dog goggle shipment, or why the DoD had listed them as being sent to King County. I called the Washington Department of Enterprise Services to find out.
"I talked to our 1033 coordinator, who gets our records from the 1033 program, and she didn't see anything about ballistic dog goggles," DES spokesperson Jennifer Reynolds said. "We can't explain the discrepancy. We receive those records from the federal government, but we don't maintain them."
It was beginning to look like the problem was a clerical one.
I called the federal government, but they didn't have a better answer. "Maintaining these enormous amounts of materials is daunting, and it changes because some of the police departments turn in some of the stuff," DoD spokesperson Mark Wright told me. "So there are some bookkeeping issues, and it doesn't always match exactly right, especially depending on the time you look."
No one knew what had happened to King County's dog goggles. Does this mean they're gathering dust in an X-files cabinet somewhere? Have they simply vanished into vaporware? Why would local police ever be detonating bombs near dogs, anyway?
The only other police department listed for having received dog goggles—Napa, California—did not respond to an inquiry asking what they'd done with the 10 pairs listed in the New York Times' DoD file.
So the mystery, for now, remains unsolved—its existence just one more indication that our military is giving away so many useless leftovers from American wars that sometimes local, state, and federal governments can't even keep track of it all.
When I bought last-minute tickets to see a Sunday-night play at the local community theater in Fargo, North Dakota, I didn't know it would be exactly what I needed. A group called Act Up Theatre was putting on a production of Bare: A Pop Opera, and despite knowing very little about the play's plot, I decided to go.
If you're not familiar with it, Bare is a rock musical centered on the struggles of two high-school-aged gay men who attend Catholic school. It sends a critical message about the impact that the Catholic Church's intolerance of homosexuality has on gay youth. As an ally in a conservative state that doesn't seem to be making much progress on gay-rights issues, I needed to see this play. And I needed to see it in North Dakota.
As I watched the cast brilliantly depict the identity crises of those who are both gay and religious -- all from a relatively small-town community theater -- I forgot for a moment that North Dakota was one of the last states to have its same-sex-marriage ban go unchallenged. I forgot for a moment that when I attended Sunday-school catechism as a child, the priest told me that gay people go to Hell unless they ask God for forgiveness of their sins. I forgot for a moment that suicide is the second leading cause of death for North Dakotans between the ages of 15 to 24, and that LGB high-school students are 3.4 times more likely to commit suicide than their heterosexual peers.
I forgot all of that, if only for a moment, and instead turned to look at a theater full of North Dakotans who, like me, were watching two male actors share a beautiful kiss onstage without shielding their eyes or looking away as if that were offensive.
The theater, which holds 330 people, had just a handful of unoccupied seats. But when I looked at them, I didn't see empty chairs. I pictured them filled.
Filled by the Sunday-school priest who misguided me.
Filled by the boys from high school who would call each other "fag" in passing, as if it were the funniest joke they'd ever told.
Filled by the friend from college who said he struggled with homosexual thoughts but knew it was just God's way of testing his ability to overcome temptation.
Filled by any LGBT person who has encountered intolerance in North Dakota without realizing that there is a community theater full of people who would accept them.
Unfortunately, the reality was that those seats weren't filled. And to me, that was the saddest part of the play, the fact that the people who really needed to see it would never attend it. (And my guess is that even if they had, they would have walked out during the first kissing scene.)
Hi,
Have you ever heard about typelists in C++ ? That just consists in using the functional way of defining lists, but with templates.
It looks like that :
template <typename Head, typename Tail> struct TypeList { typedef Head head; typedef Tail tail; };
However, we'll need a type representing an empty type list. Ours will be the following.
struct EmptyList { };
How to write metafunctions (compile-time functions, working over types and not values — actually, the types are in this context like “values”) for these type lists now ?
Let's start with a metafunction computing the length of a type list :
// declaration template <typename Typelist> struct Length; // the normal case : the head element of the list (it's a type), and the tail, which is itself a type list template <typename H, typename T> struct Length<TypeList<H, T> > { static const int value = 1 + Length<T>::value ; }; // the terminal case : our typelist is the empty list, we're at the end of the list, so we won't add 1 neither we will go on with the recursion template <> struct Length<EmptyList> { static const int value = 0 ; };
Now, calling it on a given typelist will return us the good result :
Length< TypeList<int, TypeList<char, TypeList<bool, EmptyList> > > >::value // equals 3
Do you want more ? I guess you do, of course. Let's tackle a more complicated one : Map. It maps a type list to another one, computing the result of the application of a metafunction on each type of the type list. Ok, let's start with the declaration.
template <typename TL, template <typename> class Func> struct Map;
Now, the basical case, with a head element and the tail, will consist in computing the result of the application of the metafunction of the head element, and appending to it the result of Map on the tail. Looks like that :
template <typename H, typename T, template <typename> class Func> struct Map<TypeList<H, T>, Func> { typedef TypeList< typename Func<H>::type, typename Map<T, Func>::type > type; };
And the trivial case, on the empty list :
template <template <typename> class Func> struct Map<EmptyList, Func> { typedef EmptyList type; };
And we're done with Map !
Let's see one more interesting function over type lists : Filter. It'll filter (really ?!) the type list according to a compile-time predicate, and return the original type list without the types that didn't match the predicate.
Here we go !
template <typename TypeList, template <typename> class Pred> struct Filter; template <typename H, typename T, template <typename> class Pred, bool result> struct FilterAux { typedef typename Filter<T, Pred>::type type; }; template <typename H, typename T, template <typename> class Pred> struct FilterAux<H, T, Pred, true> { typedef TypeList<H, typename Filter<T, Pred>::type> type; }; template <typename H, typename T, template <typename> class Pred> struct Filter<TypeList<H, T>, Pred> { typedef typename FilterAux<H, T, Pred, Pred<H>::value>::type type; }; template <template <typename> class Pred> struct Filter<EmptyList, Pred> { typedef EmptyList type; };
This one was trickier, because we needed an auxiliary template structure to have a bool against which we could specialize, to either go on without keeping the type in the type list (in case it doesn't match the predicate) or keeping it.
Now, I'll leave as exercise the following functions :
– Repeat : takes a type, a number, and returns a type list containing n times the given type
– Take : takes a type list and a number, and returns a type list contaning the first n elements of the typelist if possible, less otherwise.
– Interleave : it takes 2 two lists, say l1 = [T1, T2, T3] and l2 = [U1, U2, U3] and returns the list [T1, U1, T2, U2, T3, U3]
– Zip : takes two lists and returns a list of component-wise pairs of the types
– ZipWith : takes two lists and a function itself taking two types and returning a type, and returns a list compound of the component-wise application of the given function on both lists simultaneously
I'll try to post these during the upcoming days.
Good functional metaprogramming to all 😉
Advertisements
Damian Green calls criticism of PM ‘terribly unfair' after she sidesteps questions over her handling of tower block blaze
Theresa May's most senior minister has attempted to defend her handling of the Grenfell Tower blaze after the prime minister faced renewed criticism for sidestepping questions over misreading the public mood.
Damian Green, the first secretary of state appointed after the general election, said criticism of May had been “terribly unfair”. He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “She's distraught by what happened as we all are.”
In an interview on Friday, however, the prime minister avoided questions over whether she had misjudged the public mood when she failed to quickly meet victims of the fire.
May said the blaze, which has killed at least 30 people, with dozens more missing, was “absolutely horrifying” and had been a terrifying experience for those affected.
Emily Maitlis, who interviewed her, suggested the public needed to hear her say something had gone badly wrong and that the government accepted responsibility, but May said: “Something terrible has happened.
Theresa May was too scared to meet the Grenfell survivors. She's finished | Polly Toynbee Read more
“This is an absolutely awful fire that took place. People have lost their lives, people have had their homes destroyed, they have fled for their lives with absolutely nothing.”
Asked if she had misread the public anger, she replied: “What I have done since this incident took place is, first of all, ensure that the public services had the support they need in order to be able to do the job they were doing in the immediate aftermath.”
Pressed again on whether she had failed to understand the public's anger, May said: “This was a terrible tragedy that took place. People have lost their lives and others have lost everything, all their possessions, their home and everything. What we are doing is putting in place the support that will help them.
“But it is a terrible tragedy. I have heard horrifying stories from the fire brigade, from police and from victims themselves who were in that tower but also from other local residents, some of whom of course have not been able to go back to their homes either.
“What I'm now absolutely focused on is ensuring that we get that support on the ground.
Kensington: uneasy coexistence between the capital's rich and poor | Esther Addley Read more
“Government is making money available, we are ensuring we are going to get to the bottom of what happened, we will ensure that people are rehoused, but we need to make sure that that actually happens.”
May said the public inquiry into the fire would take place as soon as possible and insisted the government had acted on previous warnings about tower block safety by a coroner.
George Eaton (@georgeeaton) Theresa May really needed to break from her robotic interview style there - didn't happen. #newsnight
“The government has taken action on the recommendations of the coroner's report,” she said.
Asked how residents in other high-rise blocks would be able to sleep at night, May said: “The government is doing everything in its power to ensure that people are safe. We have identified those buildings and now and over the weekend people are going in and inspecting those buildings.”
Jonathan Lis (@jonlis1) May on #newsnight refuses even to consider answers to tough Qs & repeats rehearsed lines verbatim. Looks rattled & nervous. Painful watch.
The prime minister's performance prompted scorn on social media, including from once-friendly media outlets such as the Daily Mail, which panned her interview online under the headline “Maybot malfunction”.
Anita Singh (@anitathetweeter) Theresa May just repeating the same phrases over and over again with blind panic in her eyes #Newsnight
Defending May on Saturday morning, Green said: “Absolutely she has the same degree of sympathy and horror at these events that we all have.”
He added that the government expected to appoint a chair to lead the public inquiry “in days rather than weeks”.
“We want it to be able to have interim reports as well,” he said. “So this is not going to be one of those exercises of using a public inquiry to delay a response. Actually, we want the response to be as fast as possible.”
Green said the inquiry would look at whether sprinklers should be retrofitted to tower blocks and that the government would follow the recommendations of the public inquiry.
May met a group of victims, residents, volunteers and community leaders at a church close to the scene of the blaze on Friday, and visited survivors in hospital.
The visits, however, which took place more than 48 hours after the fire broke out, have done little to quell the growing anger over the way she has dealt with the tragedy.
As she left St Clement's church following a visit lasting less than an hour, the PM faced cries of “coward” and “shame on you”. One woman wept, saying it was because May had declined to speak to anyone outside the meeting.
It has also emerged that May wrote a detailed letter to Conservative MPs on Friday outlining the government's plan to respond to the fire.
Press Association contributed to this report
Band of The Month: The Wild Feathers Get Intimate on ‘Hard Times' (Exclusive Performance)
October's Band of The Month featured artist The Wild Feathers return today with another clip of soulful folk-country rock that claws at the heartstrings and hijacks the hips.
A collection of players from Austin, Nashville and beyond, The Wild Feathers meld blues, folk, rock and country with a sense of classic romanticism that calls back to more soulful talent-kaleidoscope bands of the 70s. This is no nostalgia act, however, as the four unique voices of Ricky Young, Joel King, Taylor Burns and Preston Wimberly create timeless melodies with a modern captivation through harmonies that set the spirit ablaze.
For their eponymous 2013 debut, The Wild Feathers enlisted Jay Joyce (Cage the Elephant, the Wallflowers, Emmylou Harris) as producer, who pushed the band into an evolutionary excellence in his Nashville studio as they recorded the songs one at a time, mostly live to tape. Ranging from slow-burning heartcrushers to foot-stomping harmonic flurries of overwhelming depth, The Wild Feathers is as beautiful and promising as a debut album could hope to be. Listen to the entire album at Rolling Stone.
CraveOnline met up with The Wild Feathers at Swing House studios in Hollywood for an exclusive Band of The Month session, recording a handful of tracks and an interview in which they shared the stories behind the songs. So far we've featured exclusive performances of The Wild Feathers' lead single “The Ceiling,” and the achingly beautiful ballad called “If You Don't Love Me,” as well as a captivating interview with Ricky and Joel. Now check out a riveting performance of “Hard Times”:
Previous Band of The Month Performances:
Alain Johannes / Grieves / Steel Panther / Vintage Trouble / Semi Precious Weapons
Hot Karate / RX Bandits / Nico Vega / The Mowgli's / Dessa / Everlast
The Wild Feathers / The Silent Comedy / LP
Researchers at the MIT are publicizing that they have fixed the incandescent lightbulb with a brilliant improvement. They have wrapped the interior filament in a crystal glass that both bounces light and contains heat. It recycles energy in a way that addresses the main complaint against Edison's bulb: It burns far too much energy for the light that it produces.
Why is this interesting? About a decade ago, governments around the world developed a fetish for banning incandescents (through an efficiency rule) and replacing them with expensive LED technology and florescent bulbs. It happened in Europe first but eventually came to the United States. The last American factory to produce them closed in 2010, and they are ever harder to find in even the big-box hardware stores. (As with all such bans, there are exceptions for elites who desire specialty bulbs.)
The change has been seriously annoying for many consumers. It has even given rise to hoarding and gray markets (in Germany, such bulbs were repackaged as “heat balls”). It has produced something of a political backlash, too.
On a personal note, my own dear mother replaced all her incandescents with fluorescents several years ago. I was sitting in her house feeling vaguely irritated by the searing lights in the room — cold and dreary — and had to turn them off. Sitting in the dimly lit room, my thought was: this is what the government has done to us. A great invention from the dawn of modernity is being driven out of use. Do I have to bring my own candles next holiday season?
Why should governments be in the position of deciding what technologies can and cannot be used, as if consumers are too stupid to make such decisions for themselves? Who is to decide what is efficient, and what the proper trade off should be between the energy expended and the light produced?
Maybe some people don't mind the “inefficiency” of incandescent bulbs relative to the warm and wonderful light they produce. Entrepreneurs need to be able to discern and serve their needs.
The bans have given rise to a vast debate about which bulb is best and what kind of light technology governments should and should not permit. But these are really the wrong questions. The real issue should be: Why should governments be in the business of picking right and wrong technologies at all?
As the MIT innovation in lighting suggests, there are possibilities yet undiscovered that regulators have not thought of. If you write detailed regulations about existing technologies, you are forestalling the possibilities that scientists and entrepreneurs will discover new ways of doing things in the future.
A vast regulatory apparatus on cell phone technology in 1990 could never have imagined something like a modern cellphone. Regulations on digital commerce in 2000 might have stopped the rise of peer-to-peer services like Uber. Indeed, one of the reasons that the digital world is so innovative is precisely because the regulators haven't yet caught up with the pace of innovation.
Regulations on technology freeze the status quo in place and make it permanent. How, for example, will regulations respond to the news that a new and improved form of incandescent bulb is possible? Early tests show it to be more efficient than the replacements which the regulations favor. Will there be a new vote, a rewrite of the law, a governing body that evaluates new lightbulbs, the same way we approach prescription drugs? None of this can possibly match the efficiency of a market process of trial and error, of experimentation, rejection, and adoption.
In government, a ban is a ban, something to be enforced, not tweaked according to new discoveries and approaches.
Herein we see the problems with all attempts by government to tightly manage any technology. Bitcoin is a great example. As soon as the price began to rise and the crypto sector began to appear viable, government agencies got in the business of regulating them as if the sector was already taking a shape that would last forever. And because technology and industry are always on the move, there is never a rational time to intervene with the proclamation “this is how it shall always be.”
Regulatory interventions stop the progress of history by disabling the limitless possibilities of the human imagination.
By the time regulators get around to rethinking the incandescent, the industry will probably have moved on to something new and even better, something no one can imagine could exist today.
I always thought that people were dying left and right. But in reality, it wasn't much different than the general population. If you randomly select 100 people in America at that time, you'd expect 2.9 to die. If you randomly select 100 pioneers, you'd expect 3.5 to die. Crossing the Plains was more dangerous, but it was a small difference.
PROVO — From 1847 to 1868, Mormon pioneer babies traveling across the Plains were safer — yes, more likely to live — than infants in the general U.S. population, according to a dynamic new study.
The infant mortality rate on the plains was 9 percent, while the general infant mortality rate in 1850 was above 15 percent.
"I think we have this misperception every July 24th" — the Pioneer Day holiday in Utah — "where we dwell on the suffering in the Willie and Martin handcart companies," said Mel Bashore, a retired LDS Church history librarian who fathered the study. "But I can't look at the Mormon Trail movement as really anything other than a success."
In fact, the report found the mortality rate for Mormon pioneers who crossed the plains was 3.5 percent, not much different from the 2.5-2.9 percent mortality rate of the general population in 1850.
"I always thought that people were dying left and right," said Aaron Smith, a BYU student who graduated in April after working on the research team. "But in reality, it wasn't much different than the general population. If you randomly select 100 people in America at that time, you'd expect 2.9 to die. If you randomly select 100 pioneers, you'd expect 3.5 to die. Crossing the Plains was more dangerous, but it was a small difference."
The Willie and Martin handcart companies suffered a mortality rate of 16.5 percent, the study found. The other eight handcart companies were far safer, with a mortality rate of 4.7. One handcart company had no deaths.
The research team can only speculate about why pioneer babies were safer than other American infants, but they found additional surprises about the male-female ratio among pioneers, the large number of pioneers who were younger than 20, and causes of death on the trail.
Unexpected help
BYU Studies agreed to publish Bashore's intense research into pioneer mortality rates, but only if he improved the statistical analysis. The project languished until a figurative cavalry arrived out of the blue in the form of BYU students studying how to set life insurance rates.
"Working on life insurance premium calculation can seem sort of boring to students," said Dennis Tolley, chairman of the BYU statistics department. "We were looking for a fun project of interest to the culture here that required actuarial statistics."
Eight students volunteered, and they contacted Bashore with an interesting question in mind related to their field of study.
"If you were an insurance company in Nauvoo and were issuing life insurance policies to pioneers leaving for Utah, how much would you charge?"
Bashore had the data the students needed, thanks to a five-year period during which he supervised LDS Church service missionaries as they combed through journals, diaries and pioneer company reports. They gathered extensive data on 56,000 pioneers, 1,900 of whom died on the trail or before the end of the calendar year in which they made the trek.
Bashore believes there were 10,000 more Mormon pioneers for whom no records exist.
Missing data
In some ways, the study is the product of 100 years of effort by church historians to gather information about pioneers and pioneer deaths — numbers that always proved elusive.
Bashore's involvement began during the 1997 sesquicentennial celebration of the first Mormon pioneers when an LDS Church magazine asked Bashore to write an article about the number of pioneers who died on the trail.
He wrote the article, but remained haunted by a feeling that the numbers in it weren't accurate enough.
"To know how many died, you need to know who died, you need to know the names," Bashore said. "A lot of people think we know every person who crossed the Plains. We don't. We do for those who crossed the ocean on ships and then headed out on the Plains."
Of the 270 or so Mormon pioneer companies, one-third left comprehensive rosters, one-third left partial rosters and one-third left absolutely no lists. Bashore thinks company clerks often arrived in Utah and moved with their companies to settle outlying parts of the region before turning in their rosters.
He said one old Deseret News report told the story of an express rider carrying rosters to Salt Lake City. One night while he was camped out, Bashore said, "a big wind blew all those rosters to the North Pole."
Causes of death
For two years, Tolley's students crunched the 56,000 pioneer records provided by Bashore, who retired a year ago. Together, the unusual team made several surprising discoveries.
"What was amazing was the great number of people under 20 who came across," Tolley said.
About 46 percent of the pioneers were younger than 20, and they traveled with a mortality rate of just 1.75 percent.
The gender ratio also was surprisingly even, with 26,615 females and 28,306 males. Interestingly, female pioneers had similar mortality rates to men, until age 60, after which women fared significantly better on the trail than men.
So what killed the pioneers? That remained mostly elusive, as records provided no cause for 80 percent of the deaths. But the No. 1 killer was cholera, which accounted for 40 percent of the deaths of those for whom a cause was listed.
Diarrhea and the general category of "sickness" come next, followed by those run over by wagons (19 deaths) and stampedes (16). More died from accidental shootings — six — than by Indians — four. Three died of lightning strikes and two were eaten by wolves.
Only four women are listed as dying in childbirth, and three infants died at birth. Tolley speculated that some pioneer women carefully timed their departure on the trail so they and their babies were as strong as possible.
Student benefits
Smith, the actuarial science major who graduated from BYU in April, said his work on the study became a big part of his job interviews.
Smith, who is from Idaho, landed a position at The Hartford, one of America's largest investment and insurance companies, in Hartford, Connecticut.
"I brought it up in all the interviews I had," he said. "All of the interviewers were intrigued by it. For one thing, most students don't get that type of experience in college. For another, they were just interested in the idea of looking at the pioneers from a different perspective, so they were interested in the historical part of it, especially comparing the pioneer event to the mortality rates of the time."
The students created a table to determine how much an insurance company should have charged for life insurance policies for the pioneers.
Smith said that for a family with a father in his 30s, a mother in her 20s and a child between the ages of 1 and 9, a one-year policy would have cost $116 in today's money for every $1,000 to be paid as a death benefit.
It's difficult to compare those numbers to today's rates because of the differences both in dollars and in today's mortality rate, which is .008.
That seemingly unusual application of statistics is typical of Tolley's career, however, as his research has ranged broadly. He's applied statistics to solving the mystery of why a Stradivarius sounds better than other violins (there is a significant difference in the 17th century wood related to the chemicals Stradivarius soaked it in for pest control), exploring for coal and understanding parasitic diseases. More recently, he's been working on the rapid detection of biological warfare agents and a device for efficient chemical analysis.
This time around, he and his students helped Bashore complete his research in a way that Bashore thinks could help change the perception of the Mormon pioneers.
"We have a skewed view of our pioneer experience," Bashore said. "I don't think we should view our Mormon pioneers as beleaguered, troubled, always suffering, sacrificing their lives. If you read the journals, you get a different picture. Many enjoyed it. They may not have enjoyed the mosquitos, the snakes, the dust, but many remembered the trek with fondness."
Sharron Angle speaks to supporters after winning the Nevada Republican U.S. Senate primary election race Tuesday, June 8, 2010 in Las Vegas. Angle will face Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev. in November. AP
In a statement today, Republican Senate nominee Sharron Angle walked back remarks she made last night comparing the $20 billion BP escrow account to a "slush fund."
"Having had some time to think about it," Angle said, "the caller and I shouldn't have used the term 'slush fund'; that was incorrect."
In the statement, Angle also attempted to tone down her earlier criticisms and reposition her stance on the issue.
"There's been some confusion this morning regarding my position on BP and the oil spill," Angle said. "My position is that the creation of this fund to compensate victims was an important first step-- BP caused this disaster and they should pay for it."
She added: "But there are multiple parties at fault here and there should be a thorough investigation. We need to look into the actions, (or inactions) of the Administration and why the regulatory agency in charge of oversight was asleep at the wheel while BP was cutting corners."
On KXNT, a local Nevada radio station, Angle responded to a question on whether she believed the government had the authority to have BP create such a fund by saying, "Well, the short answer is no, government shouldn't be doing that to a private company." She added, "And I think you named it. Clearly, it's a slush fund."
And while Angle conceded that BP "cut corners" and committed a "criminal and willful act," she said that the government's role in getting BP to create the fund was an overreach of its powers.
"But everyone in the petroleum industry shouldn't be penalized for one bad person's actions," Angle said. "It would be like throwing us all in prison because one person committed murder. And that's exactly what's going on here is it's an overreaction by government for not the right reasons."
CBSNews.com Special Report: Campaign 2010
Photos: Campaign 2010
The episode is the latest in a string of critical statements made by Republicans that have been followed by quick apologies.
Many of you may remember Republican Rep. Joe Barton of Texas who made similar remarks during the congressional hearings for BP CEO Tony Hayward. Barton called the escrow fund a "shakedown" and criticized the Attorney General for "participating in what amounts to a $20 billion slush fund...".
Barton later apologized for his remarks after an uproar of criticism, including calls for his removal from his position on the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
Kentucky GOP Senate candidate Rand Paul came under similar fire when he called Mr. Obama's reaction to BP "un-American." Paul said, "I think it's part of this sort of blame-game society in the sense that it's always got to be somebody's fault instead of the fact that maybe sometimes accidents happen."
Paul later toned down his support of the oil industry and said that they "need to obey some rules."
The analogy was also popular with some Conservative pundits, including Rush Limbaugh, who in a show earlier this month called the escrow account "another bailout fund" and a "miniature slush fund."
Mr. Obama will be campaigning for Reid in Nevada tonight, but it is unknown whether he will address Angle's comments or not. However, if the president's speeches earlier today were any indication of what he might say tonight, a mention of this episode could be in store.
"It's sort of frozen body language; that's what handwriting analysis is about."
Since it caught on a couple of hundred years ago, graphology - analysing handwriting to deduce characteristics of the writer - has struggled to be taken seriously as a practice. But undoubtedly, there are things about ourselves that we can't help but reveal in our handwriting. Graphologist Adam Brand explains the 'pseudoscience/useful art'.
READ MORE:
Be a pal and fill in this year's Radiotopia survey at surveynerds.com/Allusionist. The information you supply helps me make the show more to your liking. Plus, if you are existentially soothed by filling in forms - here's a form for you to fill in!
THANKS TO TODAY'S SPONSORS:
MAILCHIMP helps you tackle mailouts and online marketing like a champion. Send better email, and sell more stuff: get started at mailchimp.com.
SQUARESPACE offers award-winning templates and simple tools with which you can create your website, even if you're a web design muggins like muggins here. For a free trial and 10% off your first purchase, visit squarespace.com/allusion.
YOUR RANDOMLY SELECTED WORD FROM THE DICTIONARY:
jink
What is it?
KCon is an annual K-pop convention dedicated to all things, well, K-pop. Held in the US since 2012, it has gone international after it went to Japan last year. Now it's coming to Abu Dhabi on March 25 at the du Arena on Yas Island. It's one full day of everything Korean, from food, fashion, beauty to workshops and panel discussions, culminating in a concert by some of the hottest K-pop bands right now.
K-pop, for those who've been living under the desert sand, is a genre of music from South Korea, mostly featuring pretty boys and girls, young, fashionable, always in soft-focus and always picture-perfect.
Who's coming?
The line-up is pretty big, just like some of the bands. The boy group BTS, for instance, are made up of seven members. They are one of the hottest bands right now.
Priyanke Re, a 14-year-old BTS fan from Abu Dhabi says she loves them for their music. “Their songs are about teenagers and helping them overcome their difficulties. They are relatable,” she says. “And they are so cute. Their dancing skills are impressive. Also, they are not afraid to embarrass themselves on variety programmes and will do anything to make their fans happy.”
Fans of BTS, which means Bangtan Boys, call themselves A.R.M.Ys.
Yamuna F, another 16-year-old fan, says the boys, most of them in their early 20s, have impressive dance moves. “I think a lot of fans also like them for their looks. And they seem like really fun guys,” she says.
Yerin Cho, a classmate of Re's, says she loves them because they're handsome. She's also a fan of Ailee, who's also coming to KCon Abu Dhabi. “I love her style and attitude,” Cho says.
Completing the line-up are TaeYeon from the super group Girls' Generation, Kyuhyun from the boy group Super Junior, girl band Spica, the seven-member hip hop group Monsta X and boy band Double S 301.
The stars will also be part of meet-and-greets during the day.
Wonho Chung will be there.
What? You thought the UAE's most famous Korean would miss KCon? The Arabic-speaking comedian and actor will be doing a stand-up routine as well as hosting the main musical show in the evening. Chung's appearance was basically crowdsourced, with his Arab fans starting a hashtag on social media demanding he make an appearance at the biggest Korean event in the UAE.
Their wishes have been granted. The funnyman takes the stage at 5.30pm for his show, which he says will be a mix of Arabic, English and Korean. He then hosts the musical show later in the evening.
“It's an event to celebrate the two countries that represent me, so I had to be there,” Ching tells tabloid!. The comedian has just wrapped up the second season of his travel show Wonho Around the World on Al Arabi channel, and will soon travel to Pakistan for a top secret film he's shooting.
What else is happening?
While the concert is ticketed, entry to the venue is free. A whole lot of Korean brands will be setting up stalls at the du Arena, from food to fashion.
Highlights will be the beauty brands that will sell everything you need to attain that K-pop star look. Hey, if you ain't one, you can at least look like one, right?
There will also be makeup shows by experts who've worked with pop stars themselves and dance workshops by choreographers. Remember, your transition is not complete if you haven't got the moves.
There will also be a talk by Bang Si-hyuk, the CEO of South Korean music label Big Hit Entertainment, which has BTS in its roster, about managing K-pop artists. To make things more cultural, there will also be a Korean drum performance.
The details
KCon is at the du Arena on Yas Island. Attendance to the convention is free but the concert is ticketed. Doors open at 2pm. Concert gates open at 7pm. Tickets to concert start at Dh350 and are available on ticketmaster.ae.
There's little doubt that Wisconsin's offense and TCU's defense will get most of the attention leading up to the Rose Bowl Game presented by VIZIO.
The Badgers have made national news with their scoring prowess, reaching 70 points or more in three games and averaging 48.3 points during a seven-game Big Ten win streak to end the regular season. TCU's defense needs no introduction as the nation's top-ranked unit (215.4 ypg allowed) and a group loaded with NFL prospects.
Most folks tuning in to the Rose Bowl will do so primarily to watch these elite units match up.
But don't be surprised if the game is decided differently. Wisconsin safety Jay Valai thinks it'll come down to TCU's offense vs. the Badgers' defense.
"That's a very overlooked part of the game," Valai said. "Especially when they have a great offense over there, and our defense, we like making turnovers and we're very opportunistic. That could come down to what the game is going to be. You may get a stalemate on the other side, so we know we've got to come out guns blazing."
TCU's overshadowed offense actually has scored the same number of points as Wisconsin (520), tying the Badgers for fourth nationally in scoring (43.3 ppg). And Wisconsin's defense has somewhat quietly risen to 22nd nationally in yards allowed (323.5 ypg) and 29th nationally in points allowed (20.5 ppg).
The Badgers have become particularly good at creating takeaways, forcing 16 of them in their final four games.
"That's kind of why you saw such staggering numbers from our offense," defensive end J.J. Watt said. "We got them the ball back and we had a couple of touchdowns on defense. We want to carry that momentum into the bowl game and do the same kind of thing.
"We want to make plays, we want to create some momentum, and we want to give our offense the ball as many times as we can."
Wisconsin can't really be called a lock-down defense, but the Badgers are fine with being labeled a playmaking defense.
"In a big-time game, you'd rather be a playmaking defense than a lock-down defense," Valai said. "Because making the plays, you're going to create the lock-down ability. We just want to be opportunistic.
"That's our role on the football field."
Historically, deploying digital health solutions has been incredibly difficult, especially for startups. Barriers from a confusing and often burdensome regulatory environment, compliance issues, privacy issues, data issues, testing and deployment issues and financing requirements have given an edge to established companies with large balance sheets and very patient investors. However, emerging platforms provide a framework to help startups face this challenge. Also, new healthcare legislation and trends in the industry have created opportunities for wearable products and services to go from consumer to healthcare applications. But how should services be developed to best create and capture value given the complexities and challenges inherent in delivery system adoption? We had a chance to talk with Professor Deborah Estrin about how to develop and successfully commercialize mobile health systems, which shines some light on this opportunity.
Deborah Estrin is a Professor of Computer Science at Cornell NYC Tech and Professor of Public Health at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York. Her past contributions to embedded network sensing and other fields have garnered several academic honors and recognition as one of Popular Science's Brilliant 10 in 2003. Recently, Estrin's research has focused on small data and mobile health. She has co-founded Open mHealth, a non-profit that builds open APIs used by for-profit and non-profit solutions in the mHealth space and has shed light on how to drive delivery system innovation both internally and externally. According to the startup's website, Estrin and co-founder Ida Sim were inspired to build “an open mHealth architecture” that will improve integration between solutions and unlock potential for the technology. Estrin's work may hold the key to several barriers and challenges to innovating in the Healthcare space.
Estrin noted that an open architecture is important because “it creates a set of standards that can be used between companies across the industry” to enhance outcomes for patients and ease development. For instance, Open mHealth's past projects included a system to improve management of PTSD symptoms and another to manage Type 1 diabetes—each of which integrated data from multiple third-party apps and devices. Estrin's current projects focus on chronic pain, inflammatory conditions, and health behaviors. In terms of value creation and capture, Estrin said that companies and investors can “focus on commercialization around interface, interaction, and sense-making features” within an open framework, instead of having to re-invent data capture.
For new solutions to create value, Estrin advised focusing on addressing specific conditions and understanding both the condition and the market. She said a barrier to entry and way to protect innovation can be “the combination of both specialized medical expertise and product design, especially with specific conditions.” By targeting one condition instead of seeking to develop a killer app, companies can target a concrete segment in healthcare markets. Estrin also emphasized the importance of “validating systems for treatment or management methods through scientific trials,” which can include full-scale clinical trials.
Estrin's work today also focuses on small data, the “trail of breadcrumbs” from digital services and devices. At the intersection of wearables, small data, and healthcare, Estrin noted that popular wearable devices today serve a similar function to smart phone applications, such as Moves or fitness tracking applications. However, she noted that “devices like Fitbit are useful in reminding consumers to be active because they are constantly worn,” and that screens and other interactive features can increase user engagement.
Here at Inside Activity Tracking, the potential for healthcare systems built from wearable devices is fascinating and inspiring, especially as accuracy and battery life improve. Estrin's research and innovation, especially with Open mHealth and small data, are a harbinger for companies seeking to innovate in the area. will enable. We look forward to seeing best practices emerge as successful mHealth applications target specific conditions. We are also eager to see new technologies in mainstream wearable devices, which can add value to wearable platforms and enable further advances in mHealth.
For years, cryptographer Daniel J. Bernstein has touted his djbdns as so secure he promised a $1,000 bounty to anyone who can poke holes in the domain name resolution software.
Now it could be time to pay up, as researchers said they've uncovered several vulnerabilities in the package that could lead end users to fraudulent addresses under the control of attackers.
djbdns is believed to be the second most popular DNS program, behind Bind. The bugs show that even the most secure DNS packages are susceptible to attacks that could visit chaos on those who use them.
One of the bugs, disclosed last week by researcher Kevin Day, exploits a known vulnerability in the DNS system that allows attackers to poison domain name system caches by flooding a server with multiple requests for the same address.
It was discovered in 2002 and applies a much older probability theory known as the Birthday Paradox. This holds that for a group of 23 randomly chosen people, there is a better than 50-per-cent probability that some pair will have been born on the same day and a better than 99-per-cent chance if the group is expanded to 57 people.
Attackers can exploit the condition by sending as few as 200 simultaneous domain-name requests to a server running djbdns. Under certain conditions, the DNS software will then return fraudulent IP addresses for that particular website address, according to this paper (PDF), which describes the attack in detail. Bind and other DNS programs added protection against the exploit years ago, so it was surprising when the vulnerability was only recently detected in Bernstein's package.
"We've known for seven years that you have to prevent simultaneous queries for the same name," DNS-security expert Dan Kaminsky told The Register. "They [the people responsible for djbdns] didn't and so they lost a fair amount of their security from that."
Neither Bernstein nor Day were available to comment for this story.
A second vulnerability in djbdns was disclosed on Thursday that could also be used to trick servers into returning spoofed addresses for popular websites. Discovered by Matthew Dempsky, a software engineer at Mochi Media, it works by manipulating a feature that shortens long addresses by omitting repeated domains in certain cases.
The exploit works only when users are running djbdns companion packages known as axfrdns and tinydns, which Dempsky said is fairly rare. Nonetheless, those who use such configurations to serve authoritative DNS content should patch immediately, Dempsky said. (More details are available here.)
To be sure, these bugs are nothing like last year's DNS cache poisoning vulnerability that threatened trust as we know it on the internet. That bug, and similar ones uncovered over the years by researchers such as Amit Klein, were so widespread that they had the potential to afflict much bigger numbers and there were fewer mitigating circumstances.
At time of writing, it was unclear if the discoveries would qualify for the $1,000 bounty Bernstein has promised to pay.
"I think it does," Dempsky said of the vulnerability he disclosed. "I emailed him [Bernstein] earlier this week when I first discovered the bug to ask him about it. He replied that he would evaluate it and get back to me, but probably not until next week." ®
Let's first discuss the obvious. How can CTH predict, weeks in advance, what Fox News Polling will present to their audience? Common sense would tell you it should be impossible to predict weeks and months in advance. After all, polls should be entirely random, based on current events.
If media polling was truly scientific, and not manipulated by the corporate media entities producing them, we couldn't accurately predict. But they're not, and we can.
Actually, the entire reason we deliver these predictions to you is because there's no other good or reasonable way to show people they are being “gaslighted” by professional MSM deceivers.
No-one, NO-ONE, wants to believe they are being intentionally deceived. No-one wants to believe there are people actually paid to deliver false information. But there are; and they only way to avoid being labeled as “conspiracy theorists“, is to put the prediction front and center, invite the ridicule, and then stand back when the reality is exactly what we've said it would be.
We know what's on the other side of the looking glass. We know who is in the room where the constructed preferred narratives are assembled. We've monitored and tracked these interests for many years. We have followed, researched and deconstructed their pathways.
We've traced their footprints, looked at their affiliations and organizational leadership, looked deeply into their historical relationships, looked specifically at their investments and we've outlined many natural conclusions occurring as a downstream effect.
As such, the entities within the constructs of the larger systems have become predictable to us; and with full knowledge of their intents and interests, we intentionally make these predictions to disprove the validity of the narrative we know they are intended to support.
Read the full outline HERE
And here's the headline today:
And here's why the Fox poll today is so predictable:
Shaw and Company Research is Daron Shaw.
Daron Shaw is a former operative within the Rick Perry campaign – when Governor Rick Perry was appointed to lead the Republican Governors Association.
The RGA head is a party appointed position that requires the approval of the Wall Street financiers (The Big Club) who are within the GOPe.
The vested money interests within the larger financial networks who construct the legislative priorities of the DC political class have controlling interests in ALL the top tier positions of the Republican and Democrat Parties.
Daron Shaw was/is a part of that political machinery. Shaw is GOPe.
When the “Big Club” corporations, in this case Fox News (R Murdoch) et al, need to protect their financial interests, they make decisions -some of them political- which are handed down to a network of underlings who are tasked with delivery on the objective. Daron Shaw is charged with executing part of that goal.
Take a break.
Watch the humorous presentation, but absorb the truth contained within it:
Yes, in many ways, the entities on the other side of the looking glass are the Big Club. And the only way you can really see and understand the big club objectives is to reset the fundamental views you have carried for years, perhaps decades.
When you step through the looking glass of politics what you recognize is that (in many cases) the mirror image of what you previously believed – is actually the reality.
The only way to cut through the smokescreen is to mirror the reality in advance. Simple common sense cuts through gaslighting like a hot knife through butter.
Why would corporate media be attacking Trump so vociferously if Hillary Clinton was factually so far ahead? They wouldn't. There would be no need to do so.
Clinton-Kaine hold a campaign event in Daytona Beach, a few hundred supporters show up. Trump-Pence holds a campaign event in Daytona Beach the next day, and 10,000+ supporters show up.
Clinton/Kaine = dozens, maybe hundreds. Trump/Pence = thousands, multiple thousands.
These are simple facts, simple inarguable contrasts. However, these are simple facts that are also a risk and require additional distraction efforts by those with vested interests.
♦ The same simple contrast happened in Pennsylvania. ♦ The same simple contrast happened in Ohio. ♦ The same simple contrast happened in Loudon County Virginia. ♦ The same simple contrast happened in Colorado.
The polls are predictable because the intent of the people conducting the polls is predictable. Donald Trump is an existential threat to their entire financial model and ideological world view. There are trillions of dollars at stake.
But don't worry. This is a new age, and there are new dynamics at play. So far one of our other predictions is still holding up as the most likely outcome:
Advertisements
All new studio recordings of David Bazan & Passenger String Quartet performing songs from the Pedro The Lion and Bazan solo catalog.
SONGS
Bands With Managers
How I Remember
Wolves At The Door
The Fleecing
I Do
When They Really Get To Know You...
Lost My Shape
Cold Beer & Cigarettes
Priests & Paramedics
Strange Negotiations
PERSONNEL
David Bazan - singing, piano, guitar, bass, percussion
Rebecca Chung Filice - Cello
Seth May-Patterson - Viola
Alina To - Violin
Andrew Joslyn - Violin, composer and string arrangements
Chris Colbert - recording, mixing, mastering
Photos by Ryan Russell
Layout by Bob Andrews & David Bazan
Recorded at Avast! in Seattle WA
CD DETAILS
* Gatefold eco-wallet printed on recycled matte paper.
* Mastered from hi-resolution 24/96 audio files.
VINYL DETAILS
* Gatefold album jacket printed on uncoated paper.
* Mastered for vinyl without digital compression or limiting.
* Vinyl lacquers cut from high resolution 24/96 audio files.
* High quality 140g black vinyl.
* Pressed by Gotta Groove Records in Cleveland OH.
DOWNLOAD DETAILS
You'll get a download link on the confirmation page after check-out in addition to a download link via email. If you're downloading to a phone or iOS device (iPhone, iPad), you must have an app to unzip the file before you can transfer these to your music app. It's probably easier to download to a computer first then transfer to your phone or device. Please use a computer with a fast and stable internet connection when downloading. You'll have 3 tries to complete the download.
* Please don't share your download links or put the songs on torrent sites, youtube, soundcloud or other file-sharing websites. We're trying to do something direct, easy and affordable for fans that also supports the artists and musicians. We'd like to continue delivering stuff this way. We can't stop you from torrenting or sharing. All we can do is politely ask that you enjoy the music and let others buy it the same way you did. Thank you!
Booking.com
The Victorian Walled Garden at Kylemore Abbey, Ireland
The grandeur of Kylemore Abbey extends well beyond the opulence of the original Castle to the expansive Victorian Walled Garden that rises from the heretofore boggy moorland in County Galway, Ireland. It is a magnificent example of what can be achieved when creative engineering is combined with tenacity and inspiration.
Our visit began with a tour of the public spaces in Kylemore Castle and followed up with a stroll to the “church in miniature” along the Lake Walk. Kylemore Castle was built by Mitchell and Margaret Henry starting in 1867 when Mitchell purchased the property and created this fairytale castle as a gift for his beloved wife.
The Henry's used to visit Connemara during fishing season as it was a popular destination for hunters and fishermen, and they routinely rented Kylemore Lodge, which predated Kylemore Castle on the site before Henry bought the land. Kylemore Estate, like all of Connemara, has landscape dotted with mountains, lakes and bogs, and as part of Mitchell's ongoing efforts to improve and advance the lifestyle of locals and bring material and social benefits to the whole region on the heels of the Irish Potato Famine, he began reclaiming thousands of acres of moorland by draining bogs and planting thousands of trees.
On part of the estate, Mitchell was successful in transforming the wasteland into an award-winning 6-acre Victorian Walled Garden, and in the process, introduced many improvements to the locals' lives by providing them with work, shelter and eventually a school for the workers' children. In typical Victorian tradition, the walled garden was far out of sight of the house. Bob and I were conducted from the Abbey to the entrance by a 10-minute shuttle bus ride along a mile-long (1.6 km) treed lane. The humble gates betrayed nothing of the secret universe hidden behind the high walls.
Henry's was the largest and one of the last walled gardens to be built in Ireland during the Victorian period, and was celebrated as the only Walled Garden established in the middle of a bog (peatland). These six acres of the original 8.5 acres of cultivated land were completely enclosed by high walls constructed from brick and limestone. This work was done at the same time as the Castle was being built.
The walls were intended to keep out intruders but more specifically to protect the gardens from harsh weather. Connemara has a wet and windy climate marked by westerly gales off the Atlantic Ocean and cold easterly winds, so the lofty walls helped to create a micro-climate within the contained area. Bob and I were among only a few patrons the day we visited so we felt like it was our own Secret Garden.
The Garden was large enough that the Henry's designated two separate areas within the walls. They are separated by a natural mountain stream, a Fern Garden, and plantings of trees. The smaller section, the Flower Garden, is complete with perfectly manicured geometrically-shaped flowerbeds set into an immaculate lawn that slopes down to a central footpath. The Flower Garden or Pleasure Garden was large enough to supply fresh flowers for rooms in the Castle.
The larger portion of the Victorian Walled Garden was reserved for the Kitchen Garden where the Henry's concentrated on growing fruits and vegetables for their own table. The Kitchen Garden was further divided into four areas with vegetables and herbs being grown on raised beds to facilitate good drainage.
As Bob and I strolled around the Flower Garden, it was with great admiration that I surveyed the meticulous shaping of the flowerbeds, the exquisite symmetry, and the extreme attention to detail. It is no wonder that Mitchell Henry employed an army of gardeners since so much work was required to maintain the high standard. At that time of deep economic depression, Henry paid his hired laborers well. In two months, they earned enough to cover their annual rent. That was an unprecedented amount for peasants in feudal Ireland.
What an intriguing garden with the quaint Head Gardener's Cottage and whimsical Workman's Bothy set off to one side of the formal plantings. They have been totally restored to their original condition. When we paused to listen to the quiet sounds of nature, it was easy to imagine the echos of childhood laughter that once filled this delightful oasis of fun when the Henry's' children would frolic and play there on those rare sunny days. The pathways and hedges, bridges and hidden nooks, all made for a wonderful playground filled with mystique and adventure.
The next stage of our visit saw us entering the once-spectacular Glasshouse area of the Pleasure Garden where exotic plants and fruits grew in a dramatic range of glasshouses. On our right, one of the original brick walls left behind from a derelict glasshouse remains where it waits to be incorporated into the next glasshouse to be restored.
The Henry's and their nine children enjoyed a lavish lifestyle at Kylemore until tragedy struck in 1874.
Margaret died of a fever contracted while on holiday in Egypt. Mitchell was heartbroken but retained ownership of the Castle until shortly after a subsequent calamity, the death of one of his daughters in a riding accident.
In 1903, the Castle was sold, and in the ensuing decades, the Gardens fell into decline because of careless management and lack of a head gardener. Evidence of that deterioration is still evident today. Thanks to a community of Benedictine nuns who purchased Kylemore Castle in 1920 after fleeing war-torn Belgium, restoration work was begun. They were busy running their well-known boarding school in the newly-minted Kylemore Abbey, so progress was slow and arduous.
With the help of a new head gardener, the nuns worked tirelessly to preserve the Victorian Walled Garden until finally finances ran out. Over time, the Flower Garden became a wilderness, and the glasshouses collapsed leaving only their brick bases.
Then, in the mid-1990's, restoration work began in earnest. Through the auspices of Great Gardens of Ireland Restoration Programme, grants, substantial bank loans and the generosity of donors, the Benedictine nuns were able to oversee the Walled Garden repaired and refurbished to some of its majestic splendour of the 1870's. It, once again, became an award-winning piece of Ireland's cultural and natural history and won the prestigious Europa Nostra Award in 2002.
To date, only 2 of the original 21 glass greenhouses have been restored, but in their heyday, the greenhouses were so large that they stretched from one end of the garden to the other. Margaret Mitchell's fairytale existence included winter walks in protected tropical climes while outdoors, wild cloud-stained skies and too oft wet conditions ruled.
Bob and I marveled at the ingenious creativity that Mitchell showed when directing the construction of 5,000 feet (1,538 m) of underground hot water pipes in order to heat the glasshouses. Huge engineering feats were successfully employed when he put in place three boilers to heat the water, one of which doubled as a limekiln. The artificial environment sustained in the greenhouses allowed the Henry's such exotic tropical treats as lemons and bananas, figs and grapes, and pineapples and oranges from individual glasshouses designated as vineries, pineries and orangeries.
It was a cool, damp day when Bob and I visited the Victorian Walled Garden, but it was easy to see how the south-facing gardens were able to support the growth of nectarines, peaches and foreign plants. The thousands upon thousands of trees that Mitchell Henry arranged to have planted on his estate served as an excellent windbreak for the Medieval-styled fruit orchard and exotic gardens, and they still play an important part in the success of the Garden today.
Bob and I thought it admirable that the Victorian heritage of the Walled Garden is honoured so carefully. Only flower and vegetable varieties that were available during that era are grown in the gardens today, and all of them are started from seeds right there on the grounds. As avid gardeners ourselves, it was reassuring to see the evidence of past growing seasons carefully stowed for further use. It also lent a rustic and more casual air to the otherwise pristine layout of the plantings.
At the height of its success, taking into consideration all of its advancements, the Victorian Walled Garden was compared in magnificence to Kew Gardens in London, England.
The footpaths next conducted Bob and me towards the Kitchen Garden seen here through the trees. The Fern Garden was flourishing there in the shade while nearby the stream gurgled gaily, completing the woodland setting that divides the Kitchen Garden from the Flower Garden.
Bountiful masses of shade-loving plants added to the hedgerow making the bower an interesting location to seek respite from the sun on those rare sunny days. By this time, we were actually enjoying some sunshine ourselves which helped to discourage the pesky midges that had pestered us earlier on.
As Bob and I strolled the intersecting trails of the Kitchen Garden, we were struck by the dense forest of trees clambering up the side of Diamond Hill just the other side of the high brick wall that encloses the Garden. As already mentioned, Mitchell Henry cleared and drained the bogland on his estate then went about planting thousands of native oaks, some conifers and select specimen trees from around the world. A favoured tree was the Monkey Puzzle Tree, a species grown by many such affluent gardeners at the time.
Kylemore gets its name from the Irish “Coill Mor“, which means Big Wood. Even before Mitchell Henry began his reforestation project, the area was referred to as Big Wood because of the hanging woods on the north side of the lake. When a woodland grows up the slopes of mountains and hills or clings to a steep cliff face, it is called a hanging wood. Virgin Irish Oak Trees had dominated the landscape for centuries, but by the end of the 1800s, much of the area was deforested as the wood was the preferred choice for shipbuilding and timber.
So, Mitchell Henry, besides just building an impressive windbreak for his cherished Garden, also went on to rejuvenate the depleted deciduous woodlands. It is said that over 300,000 trees were planted per year, and despite the harsh weather conditions, the majority of them grew successfully. With the thick canopy of trees embracing the Victorian Walled Garden, it certainly made Bob and I feel protected and sheltered. We were so removed from the outside world.
The artistry that went into designing the various vegetable plots came with the result that the Kitchen Garden was almost as attractive to tour as the Flower Garden. With raised beds and tidy contoured hedges, it was masterfully designed.
Since the afternoon hour was getting late, Bob and I had to face reality. We could no longer dally in the footsteps of the Mitchell family as much as it was fun to imagine them taking even more pleasure from their productive garden than ourselves. They must have experienced such an overwhelming sense of accomplishment. Imagine strolling through a scent-filled tropical plant house and enjoying bananas in the wilds of Connemara in the late 1800s.
Mitchell Henry left a lasting impression on the landscape of Connemara as well as on the memory of the local people. His tenants grew to love and appreciate their landlord who saw to it that windows were installed in every tenant's cottage. There was lots to think about as Bob and I took our last long walk through the Victorian Walled Garden. Shepherding us towards the arched gate that is the exit was a double herbaceous border that edges the footpath. Even in the Henry's day, it was and still is the longest such border in all of Ireland.
You May Also Like:
The Poison Garden at Blarney Castle, Ireland
Mosaiculture 2013 at Montreal Botanical Garden
Monet's Garden, Our Tour of Giverny and the Water Pond
Eastern Gray Treefrog At The Atkinson Park Wetlands
Frame To Frame – Bob and Jean
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
More
Print
Comcast's adversaries in the nearly year-long battle with the cable giant over net neutrality offered cautious praise in response to the company's disclosure of its new network management policies.
The company made the disclosure late Friday night as required by a Federal Communications Commission order sanctioning the company for blocking peer-to-peer traffic on its network.
Comcast acknowledged its policy of blocking peer-to-peer uploads in times of heavy congestion since 2005, and confirmed it will now move to a "protocol agnostic" approach of network management – a policy it first announced earlier this year. Instead of targeting a particular type of activity – such as peer-to-peer traffic – the company will instead focus on users who consume the most bandwidth, and temporarily slow their traffic.
In response, network neutrality advocacy groups offered cautious praise to the company, as well as raised some concerns.
"We're encouraged that Comcast has complied with the F.C.C.'s order in such great detail – a welcome reversal of the company's past behavior," said Ben Scott, policy director for the Free Press, which filed the original complaint. "This newfound candor is a reminder of the positive impact of F.C.C. oversight."
Noting that Comcast has filed a suit to overturn the F.C.C.'s ruling even as it complies with it, Scott called the appeal a "particular concern since Comcast's filings concede that the company has been blocking peer-to-peer applications in the precise manner that the F.C.C. and independent testers alleged."
Gigi B. Sohn, president and co-founder of Public Knowledge, said: "We appreciate the time and effort Comcast has taken to compile a network management plan. It is a very detailed and very technical document that deserves close scrutiny from the F.C.C. and from private-sector observers. It appears that the plan does not discriminate against any particular protocols and does not involve using Deep Packet Inspection."
But Sohn raised concerns about the company's announced policy of a 250GB monthly cap on bandwidth, as well as other aspects of the company's new plan.
"Will consumers end up paying more for less bandwidth to use?" Sohn asked. "Is it fair to consumers to punish them based on usage lower than the advertised speed?"
One thing is for sure: the days of Comcast locking horns with its adversaries are far from over.
By Sam Gustin for Portfolio
Also on Portfolio
Frank de Boer, the new coach of Inter, ties down Mauro Icardi; Napoli on the other hand, are not prepared to give up and are planning a new assault on the 23-year-old Argentine. According to La Gazzetta dello Sport, an intermediary of the striker and Napoli DS Christian Giuntoli will meet at a neutral location to try to reach an agreement. This latest attempt by the vesuviani shows the desire of President De Laurentiis to gift the fans a marquee transfer by the close of the window on August 31.
INTER PUT UP THE BARRICADES
The offer from Napoli for the player remains the same for now; €6.5 million per year, including image rights and a five-year contract, what still seems unsurmountable however, is Inter. Napoli may even be prepared to offer the €70 million but before this, Giuntoli needs to know the players real desire to leave Milan.
BEST WISHES TO ZANETTI
Icardi himself has been busy wishing his friend and fellow countryman Javier Zanetti, a happy 43rd birthday, describing him as; “A fellow teammate, a friend, counsellor and a person I admire”. Icardi is the captain of the current Inter side, but unlike Zanetti, he may not be about to commit his future to the club.
Steve Mitchell @barafundler
Cuba's Communist Party seeks to reach out to the island's youth
It has been described as a gerontocracy run by 80-year-olds, and Cuba's Communist Party convention over the weekend largely lived up to the stereotypes surrounding the country's political leaders, despite the slow push towards economic liberalisation.
The conference, a rare occasion, saw more than 800 delegates discuss a series of economic changes, largely aimed at making it easier for Cubans to run small businesses. The party is also considering age limits for high-ranking officials, and term limits for politicians, as it seeks to broaden its base among the youth.
Much of today's Cuban population was born after the 1959 revolution, which saw Fidel Castro and his comrades oust the US-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista. "The old guard grew up in the context of seeing the difference between pre-revolutionary Cuba and the revolution," Larry Catá Backer, a professor of international affairs at Pennsylvania State University, told Al Jazeera.
"Those who were brought up in the system see how their country is struggling internationally… and a seismic debate is going on [between them]," Backer, a Cuba specialist, added.
Isbel Diáz, a writer with Havana Times, a left-leaning online newspaper in Cuba's capital, senses two lines of private debate happening within the party. "The first rejects any kind of change, preferring paternalistic and authoritarian control," he said. This tendency is supported by "Stalinist leaders" from the party's conservative old guard, he added. "The other group understands the need to promote changes … and that the current state of affairs is untenable."
'Pragmatic' goals
Al Jazeera's Teresa Bo reports from Havana on the Communist Party conference and Cuba's food production challenges
Cuba's economy grew by just 1.5 per cent in 2010, which is weak compared with rising "socialist" countries in Asia; Vietnam's rate was 6.8 per cent and China's clocked-in at 10.3 per cent, according to the CIA's World Fact Book.
The average monthly salary for Cuban workers is $20, according to the US state department, although food, housing and other goods are heavily subsidised. Raul Castro, who assumed power from his brother Fidel in 2008, is hoping to lay off up to one million public sector workers, gradually reducing dependency on the government.
Brazilian diplomats, according to a 2009 confidential WikiLeaks cable from the US interests section in Havana, describe Raul Castro as "more pragmatic and less ideological than Fidel" as he is focused "on getting short-term economic results".
This weekend's conference builds on a party convention in April of last year, where officials approved 178 professions in which Cubans could operate as independent business owners, rather than state employed socialist labourers.
Down to business
"There are two ways you can become an entrepreneur," Richard Becherer, a professor of business at the University of Tennessee who has studied Cuba's private sector, told Al Jazeera. "One is by creating a job for yourself - becoming the guy who cuts the grass or that kind of thing. The other option, that really helps the economy, is allowing someone to create a company that has its own intrinsic value. Those are the ones which really create jobs."
The new rules, he said, still make it difficult for Cubans to create companies - or corporations - which can hire workers who lose their government jobs.
More than 2.5 million tourists visited Cuba in 2010 and foreigners will drive many of the new self-employed positions, analysts say. New rules allow Cubans to sell products directly to hotels.
"Try telling a Cuban: 'You should pay higher rent, or pay for your own healthcare' ... There is no serious opposition to the current government." - Saul Landau, professor and filmmaker
Small businesses that sell farm products or services to hotels will be in the best position to make a profit, compared with other newly legalised trades such as barbers and fruit peelers, said Roger Betancourt, a professor of economics at the University of Maryland.
Many Cubans, young and old, are relatively happy with the current system, which provides good quality public healthcare and free education, and doesn't demand a lot of hard work, analysts say. "I don't think anyone knows how many Cubans want change and how many want the same thing," Betancourt, a government critic, told Al Jazeera.
Cuba's universal public health and education systems are some of the strongest in the Caribbean, and most Cubans likely want to see them maintained.
"Try telling a Cuban: 'You should pay higher rent, or pay for your own healthcare,'" said Saul Landau, a professor and filmmaker. "Cubans bitch and moan, like citizens everywhere, but there is no serious opposition to the current government," he told Al Jazeera. "They do not face a legitimacy crisis at home."
Oil and power
China and Vietnam are frequently viewed as socialist economic success stories which could serve as examples for Cuba. But Betancourt worries Cuba will end up looking more like Russia, where former state officials cashed in on privatisation to become oligarchs.
"The military and former government members have monopolies in certain sectors - particularly airlines and the oil sector," he said. "If there is a broader [economic] opening, those people are not going to give up the benefits they are attaining."
A massive drilling platform, contracted to the Spanish firm Repsol and its partners, currently sits off Cuba's coast, waiting to explore for oil and gas. The Financial Times reported that Cuba's largely unexplored share of the Gulf of Mexico is thought to contain "billions of barrels" of oil and gas.
The old guard may be staking its hopes on black gold, Betancourt said. "They might stop liberalising once oil comes online." Other analysts dispute that view, and believe the changes that have been set in motion are largely irreversible.
Severed links
With the end of the Cold War, it became popular for western academics to make a direct link between market liberalisation and political opening, in Cuba and beyond. The rise of China and the great recession in the West have - however - largely severed those intellectual linkages.
"I think in the short run there is no link between economic liberalisation and political liberalisation," Betancourt said. "China has been liberalising [its economy] since 1979," while the Communist Party remains in firm control of politics in the world's most populous country.
Many Cubans are unhappy with the pace of change, reports Al Jazeera's Tom Ackerman
While China maintains vigorous trade with the US, Cuba is not formally allowed to trade with the world's biggest economy, due to a US trade embargo.
During recent debates in Florida, which has a large community of Cubans who left the island, Republican candidates issued harsh proclamations against the Castro government.
About one million Cubans - including most of the government's fiercest critics, have left the island for the US, where they have far easier access to citizenship than other immigrants.
By allowing critics to leave, the Castro brothers effectively nullified domestic opposition, Landau said.
Paradoxically, anti-Castro Cuban-Americans will likely provide some of the capital, via loans to family members still on the island, to make the government's economic reforms possible.
"The relationship between the US and Cuba is quite stable," Bracker said. "The US has an enemy it can point to, in order to energise the local population, but one that is not really a threat, while the Cubans can blame all of their failings on the Americans."
The relationship is still viewed "in Cold War terms" by elements in both countries, he said.
Green revolution?
After the collapse of the USSR, and the end of the Cold War, Cuba experienced one of the worst economic crises in modern history. "When Soviet oil ran out, they had to go green," Landau said. The government encouraged rooftop gardens to produce food for urban areas, increased public transportation and permaculture farming techniques, where chemical fertilisers were not required.
"They are now really developing wind and solar energy, recycling and energy efficient light bulbs," Landu said.
In the 1960s, Che Guevara became the iconic symbol of revolutionary internationalism, gallivanting around the Americas to spread the gospel of social revolution. Landau thinks Cuba could harness a new internationalism, sending "environmental missionaries" around the global south, exporting new green technologies along the way.
This could "reignite the flame" that initially inspired young people to join Castro's revolution, he said, while perhaps, improving the country's generational divide and economy along the way.
Follow Chris Arsenault on Twitter: @AJEChris
NEW DELHI: Indian Army has issued advisory to its personnel on Wednesday, asking them not to eat Maggi noodles Earlier, Maggi noodles were banned in Delhi for 15 days and existing stocks ordered to be withdrawn while retail major Future Group stopped sale of the popular instant snack at its Big Bazaar outlets in a further setback to Nestle India over food safety issues.With concerns rising over the safety of the two-minute noodles, megastar Amitabh Bachchan, against whom a Bihar court has ordered registration of an FIR after he was featured in their advertisements, said he will cooperate with "what the law says" though he hasn't received any notice in connection with the product that he "stopped promoting" two years ago. Actors Madhuri Dixit and Preity Zinta were also named in the FIR.The Union government referred the Maggi issue to the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission to take appropriate action even as more states - Assam, Odisha, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal - lifted samples for tests.However, in some good news for the Swiss multinational, a Goa official said lab tests of samples of the noodles taken in the state have not shown any traces of the flavour enhancer MSG and lead.Announcing Delhi government's decision to ban Maggi noodles for 15 days, Delhi health minister Satyender Jain said Nestle India has been asked to withdraw the existing stock.Jain said the government will carry out lab testing of all other noodles brands available in the city and will take action based on the reports. "Government has put a ban on Maggi noodles for 15 days. We have asked Nestle India to withdraw Maggi stocks within 15 days. We will carry out lab testing of fresh stocks and a decision will be taken accordingly thereafter," Jain said.The decision came nearly two hours after several top Nestle India officials explained to Jain their position on the issue.On Tuesday, the Delhi government had said that it found samples of Maggi noodles "unsafe" for consumption as it contained lead beyond the permissible level in Maggi masala (tastemaker).A Future Group spokesperson said that in the interest of consumer sentiment and concerns the retail major has taken Maggi noodles off the shelves from all its stores for the time being. "We will wait for more clarity from authorities to take any further course of action," the spokesperson said. Modern retail outlets like Big Bazaar run by the Future Group contribute a large chunk of sales for FMCG firms, including Nestle."The samples (of Maggi) which were drawn from state's markets did not have any ingredients which are harmful," said Goa Food and Drug Administration's deputy director, Jyoti Sardesai.She said the samples were taken from the market and also from the North Goa-based Nestle factory."The (results of) tests for monosodium glutamate (MSG) and lead (have) come negative. The samples were produced (for testing) in Goa and in Punjab facility," Sardesai said.Maggi noodles have been at the centre of a raging storm after UP FDA tests found higher than stipulated levels of lead and MSG in it.However, Nestle India claimed it has got samples tested in an external laboratory as well as in-house and that the product was found "safe to eat".
Five years. That is how much time has passed since we have seen an affordable server processor that could keep up with or even beat Intel's best Xeons. These days no less than 95% of the server CPUs shipped are Intel Xeons. A few years ago, it looked like ARM servers were going to shake up the market this year, but to cut a long story short, it looks like the IBM POWER8 chip is probably the only viable alternative for the time being.
That was also noticeable in our Xeon E7 review, which was much more popular than we ever hoped. One of the reasons was the inclusion of a few IBM POWER8 benchmarks. We admit that the article was however incomplete: the POWER8 development machine we tested was a virtual machine with only 1 core, 8 threads and 2 GB of RAM, which is not enough to do any thorough server testing.
After seeing the reader interest in POWER8 in that previous article, we decided to investigate the matter further. To that end we met with Franz Bourlet, an enthusiastic technical sales engineer at IBM and he made sure we got access to an IBM S822L server. Thanks to Franz and the good people of Arrow Enterprise Computing Solutions, Arrow was able to lend us an IBM S822L server for our testing.
A Real Alternative?
Some of you may argue that the POWER based servers have been around for years now. But the slide below illustrates what we typically associated IBM's POWER range with:
Proudly, the IBM sales team states that you can save 1.5 million dollars after you have paid them 2 million dollars for your high-end 780 system. There is definitely a market for such hugely expensive and robust server systems as high-end RISC machines are good for about 50,000 clients. But frankly for most of us, those systems are nothing more than an expensive curiosity.
Availability can be handled by software and most of us are looking/forced to reduce our capital expenses rather than increase them. We want fast, "reliable enough" servers at low costs that are easy to service. And that is exactly the reason why the single and dual sockets Xeon servers have been so popular the past decade. Can an IBM POWER server be a real alternative to the typical Xeon E5 server? The short but vague answer: a lot has changed in the past years and months. So yes, maybe.
It's a good thing for the Dallas Cowboys that the America's Team nickname isn't subject to a vote.
According to one recent poll, it wouldn't even be close for the Cowboys.
The Green Bay Packers were by far the most popular team with voters surveyed by Public Policy Polling, according to results released Wednesday by the organization. The Packers received 22 percent of the votes, twice as many as the Cowboys.
The next most popular teams were the Chicago Bears, New York Giants and Pittsburgh Steelers, who each received eight percent of the votes.
The Cowboys might not be the America's most popular team, but they are clearly the most polarizing.
The Cowboys easily topped the list of the Public Policy Polling voters' least favorite teams. Dallas got 22 percent of the votes in that category, twice as many as the Bears. The Packers (eight percent) received the next most votes for least favorite.
According to Public Policy Polling, it surveyed 700 American voters from Dec. 16 to 18. The margin of error for the survey, according to the organization, is plus or minus 3.7 percent.
Tim MacMahon covers the Cowboys for ESPNDallas.com.
gnome contacts our ideas december 15th, 2010
To read the first part, please follow this link.
This is the second part about how we think our favourite addressbook application could look like, what is needed to get to it and the reasoning behind it. It introduces the visual ideas of our favourite addressbook application. Comments, ideas, suggestions and small ponies are always welcome. Please add them to the first part, to have them stored in one place.
A very interesting feature for many people is the integration of our applications with social networks and other services. Information should be therefore pulled out from social networks, services like jabber or other.
We started with the idea of having already a complete database aggregated from various sources, such as your normal addressbook, Jabber contacts, mail addresses and social networks. We then tried to see how we can improve the workflow of finding and interacting with your contacts.
Think of a person. What is it that came first to your mind? Certainly it was her name and a picture of her. We found that those two properties were amongst the most important elements. So we started right there, how could we display a contact in order to help people finding it quickly? We quickly discovered that some people may find a contact easier visually, some prefer to read through text. Both need to be empowered.
Another very important fact is that you often create groups of people in your memory to easily find and group them together. For example your family, your friends in one city, fellow GNOME hackers, work buddies and so on. Additionally to that we thought it might be a good idea to have some additional automated groups. Except "Favourites", they are all set up automatically. The Favourite Group could be then either created automatically by filling in contacts you are much in contact with, but can be also done by letting the user mark specific contacts as favourite.
Editing and creating new groups has to be damn easy of course. This is how we thought it might work out quite nicely:
Often you remember a piece of information but not the rest of it. For example you want to see whose phone number this is, you forgot the last name of a contact or forgot the postal code of the contact. The search must be extremely powerful to be helpful. So we simply allow searching in each contact information, starting on the name, over any phone number, mail addresses, but also anniversaries or notes on that contact.
If you don't want to edit or look up a contacts information, you mostly want to interact with him. That is why we are allowing to let other programs hook into the addressbook. For example Empathy could be interested to open a conversation window if the contact has a jabber address. On the mockup you can see four ideas. A user could quickly contact a person by hovering on the contact tile and pressing one of the buttons which appear. This will launch the chosen gateway with the primary address detail. If he however wants to use a specific detail, he can use the full contact preview. You might notice that there are buttons on the bottom toolbar too. Here we want to have actions such as merging contacts, sharing them or sending mass e-mails when selecting multiple contacts.
We would like to realize this solid integration with other applications via "service handlers", which provide extra functionality for attributes of a person. For example Empathy could be interested in Jabber addresses, while a libchamplain gui would like to display the addresses of a contact on a map. We therefore want to allow applications easily to hook into GNOME Contacts by providing a handler file stating the fields the application is interested, an icon, a name and an executable or dbus function. It will be then automatically shown on contacts, which provide such information.
On the full contact view pane, you can simply edit a contact by pressing the "Edit" button. It is very important, that each field you edited manually will not be overwritten by automatic aggregation processes, except the user wishes that. Edit will happen inline, and we boroughed a lot of ideas from mobile phone addressbooks.
Last but not least we thought that using drag'n'drop could even improve the user experience, so this is an example of what we came up with.
This is the end of our design document. Thanks a lot for reading. We really hope that we got it right and hopefully are able to accomplish this great idea. If you have any suggestion to make or want to help us, we would be more than happy to hear from you. Please add them to the first part, to have them stored in one place.
To read the first part, please follow this link.
USA Freedom Act heads to the House with government required to 'promptly' purge phone records that do not contain 'foreign intelligence information'
Last-minute negotiations over the details of a congressional surveillance bill have resulted in restrictions around the National Security Agency's massive repository of analysed call data.
Intense closed-door talks between lawmakers and Obama administration and intelligence officials that wrapped up Tuesday afternoon have finalised the language of the USA Freedom Act. The bill is expected to receive a vote on the House floor on Thursday.
The latest twist for the bill is an expanded provision that would require the government to “promptly” purge phone records that do not contain “foreign intelligence information,” effectively pruning irrelevant records from the NSA's trees of analyzed phone data.
But several other changes to the bill, which civil libertarians already considered watered down after a series of legislative compromises, have cost it critical support from privacy groups ahead of Thursday's vote.
Under the new provision, the government would have to “adopt minimisation procedures that require the prompt destruction of all call detail records” turned over by the telecoms firms “that the government determines are not foreign intelligence information.”
The government would ultimately have to “destroy all call detail records produced under the order as prescribed by such procedures”.
A previous version of that language tasked the government merely with destroying call records “not later than five years after the production of such records, except for records that are relevant to an authorised investigation.”
While several privacy protections within the USA Freedom Act have been diluted in recent weeks, several people familiar with the negotiations said they thought the new provision better protects privacy than the old one, as it represents the first known restriction on the NSA's “corporate store” of analysed data.
The “corporate store” is the digital warehouse where the NSA stores all the US call records it has amassed when searching for connections to the target phone numbers it believes may be tied to specific terrorist groups. Until this year, data up to three “hops” from such a phone number was fit for inclusion in the store.
Once data is placed in the store, NSA analysts face virtually no restrictions on their ability to search through it.
“NSA may apply the full range of Sigint [signals intelligence] analytic tradecraft” to phone records placed in the store, according to a footnote in a Fisa court order declassified by the government last year. Searches through data placed in the corporate store can occur “without the requirement” that reasonable articulable suspicion of connection to wrongdoing exist; nor is the NSA required to keep an “auditable record” of searches performed within the corporate store.
The amount of data contained within the corporate store is voluminous. A January report from the US government's civil liberties watchdog estimated that the 300 searches of Americans' phone data the NSA said it performed in 2012 would yield “records involving over 120m phone numbers” in that year alone.
The watchdog, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, recommended that the NSA have to possess the same “reasonable articulable suspicion” to search data in the corporate store as it must analyse phone records once collected.
Until now, the USA Freedom Act, increasingly the consensus bill for surveillance reforms, left the “corporate store” alone.
Under the bill, the government would no longer collect call records in bulk. But it would be permitted to acquire Americans' phone data when a judge certifies that there is reasonable articulable suspicion of a connection to terrorism or foreign espionage, and it can collect phone records from the contacts of the contacts – two “hops” – of the original person or phone account the government targets.
The new language would apparently restrict the NSA from retaining data on the contacts of the targets not believed to have a connection to foreign intelligence information – what surveillance observers sometimes refer to as the “pizza guy” problem, where the NSA amasses data on random and irrelevant people or accounts connected to targets.
But the language does not define key terms, such as how long a record can be withheld before its “prompt” destruction. Nor does it specify how the government will “determine” a call record is unrelated to foreign intelligence information if, as can occur with the corporate store today, NSA's automated programs sift through the data.
"Placing meaningful limits on the NSA's use of this vast pool of data is crucial to protecting Americans' privacy – and to any reform effort. Congress should not leave the NSA with a wide open backdoor to many of Americans' call records via the corporate store,” said Patrick Toomey, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, who has focused on the corporate store.
A deal on the corporate store restriction was easier to reach than over a different critical definition contained within the USA Freedom Act – one that defines the source of the records the government will be able to collect.
That category is a “specific selection term.” That is the root data from which the government must suspect of connection to terrorism or espionage to launch the collection of call records. Without possessing that term, the government cannot collect obtain the call records at issue.
The version of the USA Freedom Act that cleared House committees earlier this month defined it simply as a term that “uniquely describe[s] a person, entity, or account.”
But the version that will head to the floor, at the Obama administration's insistence, has broadened the definition, opening the door to broader data collection than the bill's architect's initially envisioned.
The bill now defines a “specific selection term” as “a discrete term, such as a term specifically identifying a person, entity, account, or device, used by the government to limit the scope of the information or tangible things sought.”
Sources familiar with the process said the government had pushed for an even broader definition.
Privacy groups had already watched with dismay as their favored bill gradually grew less restrictive on the NSA and its transparency requirements about what recipients of surveillance orders can disclose to their customers became weaker.
But after the finalized bill was released on Tuesday, the USA Freedom Act lost the support of the Open Technology Institute, which had strenuously advocated in its favor since its October introduction in the House.
“We cannot in good conscience support this weakened version of the bill, where key reforms – especially those intended to end bulk collection and increase transparency – have been substantially watered down,” policy director Kevin Bankston said in a statement.
“We're gravely disappointed that rather than respecting the wishes of the unanimous Judiciary and Intelligence Committees, the House leadership and the Obama Administration have chosen to disrupt the hard-fought compromise that so many of us were willing to support just two weeks ago.”
Amie Stepanovich, a lawyer with the digital-rights group Access, which also revoked its support for the bill, said: "It's greatly disappointing to witness House leaders succumb to the pressure applied by the Obama administration and others, turning its back on the compromise version of USA Freedom that so many supported just two weeks ago."
Julian Sanchez of the Cato Institute tweeted: "So, seems like nobody's happy with New Coke USA FREEDOM, but resigned to the alternative being [the House intelligence committee's] (even worse) bill."
How does an 800-year-old institution steeped in tradition encourage a spirit of ‘move fast and break things'?
Think of Oxford University and the image that is most likely comes to mind initially is something out of a Harry Potter movie – ornate dining rooms, formal dress and, of course, outstanding academics. What probably doesn't first occur to you is the tradition-crushing, fast-moving, hoodie-wearing world of startups. But the university's Saïd Business School is trying to change that.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
In addition to the school's ‘Silicon Valley Comes to Oxford' event, which is now in its 14th year, this April 30 Oxford MBA students trekked to Silicon Valley to meet with some of the tech hub's top startups and venture capitalists. The school also maintains an entrepreneurship center known as The Oxford Launchpad to support students launching ventures. So how are these efforts to inject a bit of Silicon Valley's ‘move fast and break things' spirit into the more staid Oxford ethos going?
Not too badly if you ask Canadian student David Zelniker, who is an MBA candidate at Saïd. “Innovation is at the heart of Silicon Valley. A similar feeling is brewing around Oxford,” he says, though he adds that “while there is a strong culture of innovation and a large number of spin-outs and new ventures coming out of Oxford, it will take time for such an ecosystem in Oxford (and London) to mirror anything happening in the valley, of course.”
The biggest hurdle to growing such an ecosystem, according to several students, is inculcating the famed Silicon Valley appetite for risk both among potential founders and their financial backers. “In talking the venture capitalists here, they say that there's not a culture of risk taking,” says James Danforth, actually a Silicon Valley native himself who came to Oxford to study for his MBA. “In California is you start a venture, even if it fails, it's like, 'Good try! Good for you!' Here apparently it's a black mark on your record. They're trying to fix that and promote entrepreneurialism, but I think that still persists a little bit."
Karl Loo, another MBA student, finds that the mindset at Oxford is more cautious in other ways as well. “Those in Silicon Valley are unashamedly proud of the work they are doing and are happy to share information (evidenced by founders and CEOs of prominent tech companies talking candidly to us). I've found that people in the UK are a little more cautious.”
What Oxford does have in common with Silicon Valley and is the incredible international nature of the community. “Both places are very international -- Oxford attracts students from all over the world. The MBA class alone has students from over 45 countries,” Loo adds.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
So what's the bottom line? How much Silicon Valley hustle is Oxford managing to brew up amid it's centuries' old traditions? Danforth provides perhaps the most telling example of how the interests and outlooks of the community are changing.
“There is that really old school dress and you have to dress a certain way to take exams -- in a tuxedo basically -- which is really strange,” Danforth noticed with his outsider's eyes when he first arrived, “but at the same time there's still that entrepreneurial spirit and people aren't wearing their Harry Potter gear when they're meeting up to work on their startup. It's still a t-shirt and jeans kind of place, especially around the business school. We started an Oxford Bitcoin Club and there was a really strong turnout. People from all over the university that came to that, which is good to see."
So next time you think of Oxford University take a moment to adjust your imaginings, subtracting a little bit of that Harry Potter vibe and adding in a little bit more Silicon Valley.
Image credit: Moon Lee via Flickr.
Chemists at the University of Texas at Arlington have published a new study that indicates that highly variable contamination events registered in and around unconventional oil and gas developments are the result of operational inefficiencies and not inherent to the extraction process itself.
The study, published today as "Point source attribution of ambient contamination events near unconventional oil and gas development" in Science of the Total Environment, found highly variable levels of ambient BTEX, or benzene, toluene, ethyl benzene, and xylene compounds, in and around fracking gas drilling sites in the Eagle Ford shale region in South Texas. BTEX compounds in high concentrations can be carcinogenic and have harmful effects on the nervous system.
"These variable contamination events, attributable in many cases to specific natural gas flaring units, condensation tanks, compressor units and hydrogen sulfide scavengers, indicate that mechanical inefficiencies, and not the inherent nature of the extraction process as a whole, result in the release of these compounds into the environment," said Kevin Schug, UTA Shimadzu Distinguished Professor of Analytical Chemistry and director of the University's Collaborative Laboratories for Environmental Analysis and Remediation, or CLEAR lab.
"These results therefore suggest that air contamination events from fracking can be monitored, controlled and reduced," Schug said. "We hope that this research would help producers and other upstream operators improve the efficiency and reduce the environmental impact of unconventional drilling."
The researchers made sampling excursions in the Eagle Ford shale region in June and November of 2015. They used a mobile mass spectrometry system, in collaboration with Professor Guido Verbeck of the University of North Texas, that allowed the team to identify individual points of contamination. The field study was coordinated by Dr. Zacariah Hildenbrand of Inform Environmental, LLC and affiliate of the CLEAR lab. All data were collected in a blind fashion, and samplers were guided by third-party local landowners with extensive knowledge of the local roadways. Collectively, 12,821 data points were taken.
Individual extraction sites with producing unconventional drilling wells were examined in accordance to the rights afforded to the mineral rights lessors. Anecdotal cases of contamination where air quality was considered downgraded were also analyzed with full consent of the participating landowners.
"We found that ambient BTEX compound emissions in and around fracking sites are within the federally mandated acceptable limits for short-term exposure," Schug said. "Our future research will focus on the long-term effects of sporadic contamination on citizens living in impacted areas. Monitoring of ambient BTEX in conjunction with review of medical records, in collaboration with local healthcare officials, will provide greater insight into the long-term human health implications of unconventional drilling air contamination events."
Previous studies from the CLEAR Lab have focused on groundwater quality associated with unconventional drilling. CLEAR is dedicated to the development of remediation technologies and best management practices to effectively handle and decrease the occurrence of contamination events.
Frederick MacDonnell, chair of UTA's Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, underlined the importance of this research within the university's focus on global environmental impact within the Strategic Plan 2020: Bold Solutions|Global Impact.
"CLEAR is providing reliable information to the scientific community, the industry and the public about the potential effects of unconventional oil and gas development on the environment," MacDonnell said. "This is an important service we can provide to all these different sectors."
###
About The University of Texas at Arlington
The University of Texas at Arlington is a Carnegie Research-1 "highest research activity" institution of about 55,000 students in campus-based and online degree programs and is the second-largest institution in The University of Texas System. U.S. News & World Report ranks UTA fifth in the nation for undergraduate diversity. The University is a Hispanic-Serving Institution and is ranked as the top four-year college in Texas for veterans on Military Times' 2016 Best for Vets list. Visit http://www. uta. edu to learn more, and find UTA rankings and recognition at http://www. uta. edu/ uta/ about/ rankings. php .
For more on the Strategic Plan, see Strategic Plan 2020: Bold Solutions | Global Impact.
A write-in campaign supported by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Alabama Senate race is not “viable” anymore, a source close to the majority leader's political operation told The Daily Caller Monday.
McConnell and other establishment Republicans, such as National Republican Senatorial Committee chairman Cory Gardner, have called on Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore to drop out of the race due to allegations of sexual misconduct with minors.
“We're looking at whether or not there's someone who could mount a write-in campaign successfully,” the Senate majority leader told reporters last week.
Now, however, things are different. (RELATED: Leigh Corfman Describes Alleged Encounter With Roy Moore [VIDEO])
The source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that there are currently only two options McConnell world sees transpiring: Moore wins and the Senate expels him, or Democrat Doug Jones wins. Recent public polling has put Jones ahead of Moore in the reliably Republican state of Alabama, and the source told TheDC that he thinks a Jones win is looking “more likely.”
Republican Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey had the power to move back the Dec. 12 special election, a move that McConnell allies would have strongly supported. (RELATED: WATCH: Roy Moore Supporter Yells ‘Fake News' At CNN Reporter On Air [VIDEO])
“Ivey didn't have the guts” to postpone the election, according to the source, because she was afraid of being primaried by Moore in the 2018 gubernatorial election.
Ivey said Friday she still plans to vote for Moore, even though she says she has no reason to disbelieve Moore's accusers.
There's something about a new literary endeavour that suggests tilting at windmills. Longevity can be a harsher measure of success than sales or quality. The journal that achieves all this and political influence to boot is a rare beast indeed, but this month, with the publication of Anna Goldsworthy's Unfinished Business: Sex, Freedom and Misogyny, Black Inc's Quarterly Essay reaches its 50th edition since the periodical was launched almost 13 years ago.
The mission statement in the front of the first issue declared its political non-partisanship, its commitment to "truth-telling, style and command of the essay form" and the intention – which has since been borne out to satisfying effect – to carry correspondence to previous essays in the back of each new edition. Launched by Paul Keating, surely nobody ever truly believed in the Quarterly Essay as an organ of impartiality, but that was beyond the point: an independent Australian publisher was taking a chance on the discussion and dissemination of ideas.
There's a certain poetry to that first issue being about denial and silence. It feels appropriate that it was by Robert Manne. By aiming its attentions right down the barrel of the culture wars and calling out a failure in our dominant cultural narrative, publisher Morry Schwartz and founding editor Peter Craven announced the Quarterly Essay's arrival with a pugnacious confidence. This was neither News Ltd nor Fairfax; this was not a publication beholden to a university or think-tank: this was political and cultural commentary with literary knobs on.
Here was an essay on Indigenous politics and the stolen generations that straddled sorrowful outrage and forensic condemnation of the prevailing orthodoxy. Craven's introduction showed ambition and hyperbole in equal measure, quoting TS Eliot to underline its rhetorical flourishes.
Here at last, it declared, was a periodical for those Australians who measured their lives in latte spoons.
Those first few editions felt rich with possibility: John Birmingham on Timor, Guy Rundle on Howard, even, improbably, Don Watson on John Updike, Rabbit Angstrom and Australian/US relations. Eccentricity and literary ambition served the publication well, and each new QE – a naming tradition that's always made the Essays sound vaguely like a cruise ship – redefined the possibilities for the series. The great ones have been cultural moments in and of themselves, reliably setting off skirmishes and brush fires.
The partnership between Schwartz and Craven was dissolved in a flurry of public indignation and divergent visions (the editor wanted a more international, more cultural outlook; the publisher had a preference for the local and the political). The editorial reins were handed to Chris Feik, the softly-spoken George Clooney of Black Inc: tall, wry, perpetually amused, Feik brought a book editor's sensibility to the periodical; drawing thoughtful, original work from his authors while remaining less visible than his predecessor.
In its adolescence and into its 20s, as the backlist grew, so too did the QE's confidence. If some of its youthful swagger and strut had become more muted, in its place came an air of authority. A resolutely left-leaning response to the Howard era, observers might reasonably have expected the precision and urgency of the Essays to diminish somewhat without a conservative government to rail against. The opposite proved to be the case: increasingly it felt as though the QE took as its mission articulating an agenda for a nascent Labour government more comfortable with spin than substance: climate change, sustainability, the Northern Territory intervention.
The 50 back-issues read like a roll call of the past decade plus of Australian political discourse and cultural preoccupations. Reading the late John Button on the challenges and threats facing the Labor party, Gideon Haigh on the cult of the CEO, or Gail Bell on depression, there's a timelessness to their contributions. Either Australian life simply hasn't moved on, or these essays (and others) have managed to capture some essential points about our public and intellectual lives.
As far as influence goes, the Quarterly Essay has an impressive track record of profiling political leaders in the period immediately preceding their demise: as well as David Marr's notorious takedown of Rudd, Annabel Crabb filleted Turnbull, Margaret Simons put the squeeze on Latham, and a cavalcade of editions parsed the Howard legacy before Judith Brett performed the post-mortem. Nothing but a coincidence and historical curiosity, of course, but it's a marker of the Essays' influence that the announcement that David Marr was to profile "political animal" Tony Abbott, was met with a frisson of anticipation. What does it say about a publication that we might find it remarkable when it doesn't bring down an opposition leader?
None of which is to say it's had a spotless record: eight issues was too long to run before the publication of the first female essayist (Amanda Lohrey on the Greens). With the benefit of time, those essays with an international focus feel like less significant contributions to the conversation than their domestic shelf-mates. But, all said, it's a remarkably consistent backlist of publications.
A new Quarterly Essay is an event. A 50th Quarterly Essay is an occasion, and a significant one at that. It is, you'll be unsurprised to hear, erudite, thought-provoking and provocative. It's also a cracker of a read. Fifty issues in, Morry Schwartz's vision has become an institution and a tradition.
Grab yourself a copy. There, under the big letter Q in the top left hand corner of the front cover is the promise for issue 51: David Marr on Cardinal George Pell. As ever, the Quarterly Essay gives us a tantalising glimpse of what we'll all be talking about next. Long may it last.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2009 February 5
Explanation: Some 3 million light-years distant in nearby spiral galaxy M33, giant stellar nursery NGC 604 is about 1,300 light-years across, or nearly 100 times the size of the Orion Nebula. In fact, among the star forming regions within the Local Group of galaxies, NGC 604 is second in size only to 30 Doradus, also known as the Tarantula Nebula in the Large Magellanic Cloud. This space-age color composite of X-ray data (in blue hues) from the Chandra Observatory, and Hubble optical data shows that NGC 604's cavernous bubbles and cavities are filled with a hot, tenuous, X-ray emitting gas. Intriguingly, NGC 604 itself is divided by a wall of relatively cool gas. On the western (right) side of the nebula, measurements indicate that material is likely heated to X-ray temperatures by the energetic winds from a cluster of about 200 young, massive stars. On the eastern side the X-ray filled cavities seem to be older, suggesting supernova explosions from the end of massive star evolution contribute to their formation.
Whether having tried it in a Styrofoam cup or savored it in a swanky Japanese restaurant, by now most people are at least familiar with ramen. What began as a B-rank Japanese dish has soared into worldwide popularity, even gaining coveted Unesco World Heritage status. But how did ramen get to where it is today? What exactly makes it so special? Read on to find out!
Japanese Ramen Revealed: From the Simple to the Sublime
At the height of the ramen boom in Edo Era Japan, ramen was considered a simple food which could be purchased cheaply and had a similar taste no matter where you ate it. In modern Japan, however, there are thousands of Ramen shops, each with hundreds of lip-smacking variations.
In its most basic form, traditional ramen always consists of soup and noodles. In most cases, noodle shape and thickness vary depending on the type of ramen, location or shop, and multiple toppings are added; but it's the soup base itself that really gives each type its own unique kick. Shio Ramen, or salt base, is the simplest type you can eat. Otherwise, the most well-known types are Shoyu Ramen, which has a soy sauce base, Miso Ramen, which originally came from Hokkaido, as well as Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) Ramen from Kyushu. Let's take a closer look at these four varieties, each considered authentic in their own right.
Four Famous Types of Ramen
Shio Ramen (Salt-based)
In terms of its ingredients, shio ramen is the oldest and most fundamental type. It consists of an amber-tinted soup base made from salt, chicken, fish, vegetables and sea weed. This ramen's selling point is that, because the base is not boiled very long, the soup stays clear; this allows you to savor the natural, individual tastes of each ingredient. Not surprisingly, shio ramen has the lightest taste of all four ramen variations. It is usually eaten with chashu and narutomaki toppings (you can read more about popular toppings below).
Shoyu Ramen (Soy sauce-based)
If you walk into a Japanese ramen shop and order without requesting a specific sauce or base, you will usually find shoyu ramen sitting in front of you. “Shoyu” basically means soy sauce in Japanese. The soup consists of a vegetable and chicken foundation with a liberal injection of soy sauce. The soup is clear brown and has a light, herbal taste. Despite its salty touch, the abundance of soy sauce gives it a tang lacking in its shio-based cousin.
Miso Ramen (Soybean-based)
The famous Japanese soybean paste called miso is ubiquitous throughout Japanese cuisine. As a soup base, miso has creamy texture, its taste resembling a combination of cheese and nuts. Due to its unique flavor, miso ramen is one of the most well-loved versions of ramen around the world.
Tonkotsu Ramen (Pork bone-based)
Tonkotsu ramen is boiled for many hours, making it much thicker than either the shio or shoyu base. Tonkotsu, which means “pig bone,” is made by boiling pork meat and bones together, thus creating a thick and hearty broth with a meaty flavor. The soup has a milky consistency much like miso, so don't get confused about which one you want to order!
Tip: If nothing else about this article sticks, just remember this: Thicker, more colorful broth usually has more calories than clear varieties and the clearer the broth, the higher the sodium content.
Traditional Ramen Toppings
While the essence of authentic Japanese ramen may lay in the broth, toppings are crucial in making ramen the king of all Japanese noodles. Here are the most popular Ramen toppings in Japan.
Nori
Nori, also known as seaweed, is often cut into crunchy strips and placed alongside the ramen bowl. As eating nori may be quite daunting for ramen novices, it may be wise to dip it into the soup first; that way, you can get used to the texture and consistency while still tasting mostly broth. Once you have accomplished that, it may be easier to take the plunge and try it dry.
Chashu
These are sliced pieces of pork meat seasoned with soy sauce. As shown in the classic Japanese movie Tampopo, because chashu slices enhance the flavor of the ramen as they simmer gently in the broth, you should eat them at the end of the meal—if it's even possible to wait that long, of course!
Seasoned Boiled Eggs
The type of boiled egg used varies depending on the kind of ramen. For example, tonkotsu ramen will usually be served with a hard-boiled egg, whereas Miso Ramen is almost always served with a soft-boiled egg. While you can just eat the noodles, the egg provides a rich accent that is part of a truly authentic Japanese ramen experience.
Kamaboko
Kamaboko, sometimes also called Narutomaki, is a small slice of formed fish paste with a pink whirlwind symbol on it. If you think that the name “Narutomaki” sounds familiar, then you're probably an anime fan! Naruto, the world famous anime character, was indeed named after it—his favorite dish is miso ramen.
Scallions
When freshly sprinkled on top of ramen, scallions give off an invigorating natural aroma that compliments the deep richness of the soup base.
Menma
Menma are basically aromatic bamboo shoots. As they have a very intense taste, they might pose a challenge for people eating ramen for the first time. Don't worry, though—like with any topping, you can request not to have menma when ordering.
Bean Sprouts
Beans sprouts are also freshly served on top of ramen. When dipped into the soup they absorb the flavor of the ramen and have the added bonus of bulking up the overall amount of food you get to eat, making your Japanese ramen experience—along with the taste—last that much longer.
Corn
Although not essential, corn adds a full, robust flavor when soaked into any ramen broth and is typically served with tonkotsu broth.
Butter
Adding butter to the ramen might be one of the most delicious sins ever committed, because it makes ramen soup even creamier. With just a touch of butter, ramen becomes a delectable stew.
Japanese Ramen Noodles with a Twist
Besides traditional ramen varieties, there are also other Japanese dishes which, although similar to Japanese ramen noodles, should be clearly separated from the standard understanding of traditional ramen.
One of these is called tsukemen. Rather than eating the noodles with the soup, in this dish they are served separately and must be dipped and then slurped. The soup is especially thick and strong in taste. Typical flavors of tsukemen soup are pork or chicken flavor, yuzu (Japanese Mandarin), curry and spicy chili. After finishing the noodles, water is added to the soup so that it can be savored to the last drop.
While this list of ramen is by no means exhaustive, we hope that you're now equipped with enough information to begin your own quest to find authentic Japanese ramen—one from which you may never return (with an empty stomach at least)!
Linus Torvalds' Greatest Invention
Happy Guy Fawkes' Day! On Wednesday night I gave a talk for the Philadelphia Linux Users' Group on "Linus Torvalds' Greatest Invention". I was hoping that some people would show up expecting it to be Linux, but someone spilled the beans ahead of time and everyone knew it was going to be about Git. But maybe that wasn't so bad because a bunch of people showed up to hear about Git. But then they were probably disappointed because I didn't talk at all about how to use Git. I talked a little about what it would do, and some about implementation. I used to give a lot of talks of the type "a bunch of interesting crap I threw together about X", but in recent years I've felt that a talk needs to have a theme. So for quite a while I knew I wanted to talk about Git internals, but I didn't know what the theme was. Then I realized that the theme could be that Git proves that Linus was really clever. With Linux, the OS was already designed for him, and he didn't have to make a lot of the important decisions, like what it means to be a file. But Git is full of really clever ideas that other people might not have thought of. Anyway, the slides are online if you are interested in looking.
[Other articles in category /misc] permanent link
It's 6 p.m. and raining, and a wet Washington rush-hour crowd moves neatly around the mishmashed tarp-and-tent village in McPherson Square.
Day 19 of the Occupy DC demonstration is turning into night. The park, which in daylight has been teeming with people shouting and waving signs, is quieter now. The pulse of the headless Occupy DC movement is slower; the conversation is less about strategy and more about what's for dinner.
A night in the tent-dotted park unfolds:
6:30 p.m.
The weather is not kind. The wind licks at the makeshift homes — olive green and orange mushrooms that have sprung up on the park's turf — and drizzling rain keeps demonstrators from their favorite evening activities: guitar circles (the night before, they sang along to Sublime's “What I Got”), committee meetings and hoola-hooping.
While others meet at a nearby church for their daily general assembly meeting, remaining villagers mill about the park in donated blue ponchos that have “Transport Workers Union” inscribed on the backs in white lettering. “Where are all the hot girls?” someone asks near the information tent.
7 p.m.
Allura Rayford, a curly-haired 18-year-old who lives with her dad in Mount Rainier, moved to the park a few days ago. She's one of the ponchoed wanderers. Rayford rattles off a list of job applications she has filled out recently — retail, restaurants, grocery stores — and says she's open to any type of employment. In the meantime, she's enjoying the vibes.
When asked why she's there, she pauses, then says, “We are the 99 percent.”
8 p.m.
The center of life in this village is the food tent. James “J.C.” Cullen, a kind-faced 29-year-old from Greenbelt with plugs in his ears, is regarded as the kitchen keep. But like many people at the park, he shuns the implication of leadership.
“There's not really anyone in charge, but I've been here a long time, so people sort of look for me,” said Cullen, who wears a T-shirt with the message “It's not a phase.”
He calls this “the people's tent,” where anyone can line up to receive one of about 1,500 meals served each day. Dinner tonight is vegetable-noodle soup donated by a local school, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and an assortment of chips and crackers.
Volunteers of all sorts drop in to help fill bowls, donate grease-stained bags of Five Guys fries or to just find someone to talk to.
When the gas in the generator runs out and the floodlights in the tent go dark, a man stopping by to chat suddenly snaps a green glow stick to life and hands it to Cullen. “We used to use these all the time in the war,” he says.
The kitchen runs on hot plates and donated food, water and ice from supporters. Cullen says the kitchen and finance committees accept anywhere between $1,500 and $2,000 per day in cash donations; tonight, some of it will go to a $100 gas card to bring that generator back to life.
9 p.m.
The rain stops for a moment. Rayford sheds the poncho to reveal short denim cutoffs, a tight black hoodie and Doc Martens with a Human Rights Campaign sticker on her left heel. Looking like she's dressed for a night out on U Street — where she says she lived with her dad until last year — she hurries off to “discuss more stuff.”
10 p.m.
Ellie Milne enjoys the new medical tent, donated by National Nurses United.
“I get choked up because it used to just be a box of Band-Aids,” says the 23-year-old Rockville resident, who started volunteering night shifts two weeks ago after her full-time nannying job. It's a slow night — there are only coughs to be quelled and minor cuts to be treated. What she's really worried about is the year's first cold snap.
“Hypothermia,” says Milne, who took a “street medic” course from a volunteer organization. “That's our biggest fear right now.”
She departs for the Metro ride home at 11 p.m.
Midnight
The rain slows to a drizzle and finally stops, and so does the flow of people passing by. Some campers who've been hanging out together all night — including the information tent attendant and the man with an “Arrest Rumsfield” shirt — are chatting in the park. The glow of cigarettes stands out from the darkened “comfort area” tent, where people go to get blankets and pillows. Next door, Cullen throws a black tarp over the front of the blue food tent, closing it for the night. After hours of serving food to others, still he stays near, too tired to move, too wired to sleep.
Cullen has been hanging out at McPherson Square since Oct. 3. He said he initially showed up because he wasn't ready to go to bed when the protesters at his original destination, Freedom Plaza, were climbing into their blankets. Camping in the park and kitchen work feel natural to him, he said; his employment background has been in social work and in restaurants. But there hasn't been much of either since he last worked in Philadelphia a year ago.
Cullen says that he came to Occupy DC because it had to be done and that the group will do whatever it takes. “It” and the “what” take him a moment to articulate; he knows he wants to build community, and he knows he needs more people to do it.
“It's showing people outside of here that we can get together and do something,” Cullen said. “Personally, I feel like the 99 percent is a good message.”
1 a.m.
Restless campers cluster around Cullen, requesting access to overnight food tucked in the depths of the tent. He tells them to eat an apple, to go back to bed, to wait until morning. But he relents a moment later, returning from the tent with a bowl full of morale-boosting Lifesavers.
Cullen sleeps in a donated brand-name tent he shares with others if they need the space and if they're proven trustworthy. (Things do go missing; someone walked away with an entire tent while the group was away on a morning march.) Since he arrived, Cullen has spent only two nights away — once to see his girlfriend in Silver Spring, and the other because he had Redskins tickets. Once he's asleep, he won't be up until late morning — someone else will handle breakfast.
2:30 a.m.
Washington's insanely loud nightclub crowd begins spilling onto nearby streets. The few people awake in the park brace for confrontations from mouthy clubgoers, but the drama stays across the street.
It's a coincidence, but it seems like a cue.
As police cars and an ambulance squawk away to break up what the cops say is a standard brawl, masked Occupy DC protesters scale the statue of Gen. James McPherson undetected. They dress him in an American flag and hang a single-word sign around his neck: “Occupied.”
When it's clear the cops are distracted, the snickering masked men scale the statue a second time, snapping the movement's symbolic mask on the face of the man who once appeared on $2 bills — a 1 percenter, indeed.
“That'll go viral,” one of the protesters says as the others snap photos. The sky, reflecting the halogen glow of park light, appears cloudy red.
4 a.m.
The street sounds dull to white noise. Sleeping in a tent here is possible, even comfortable. It brings with it the fleeting, body-warmth comfort of camping — even while the last person awake in the tent city walks around in circles and rages loudly to himself.
6 a.m.
A new soundtrack emerges outside McPherson Square: brakes squeaking, joggers' footsteps. Soon, the sky will change from gray-red to slate-blue and bring another blustery day, a tap on the shoulder that winter's on its way.
The only noise inside the park is the tent zippers clinking as the wind blows harder. Soon, there will be work to do — flash mobs, demonstrations, the endless waving of signs bearing a hundred messages. But for now, another rush hour begins without Occupy DC.
Will these guys still be running their companies in 2015? <a href="http://www.nokia.com/press/media_resources/photos/events/nokia-strategy-and-financial-briefing">Nokia</a> Microsoft's Windows Phone platform will move from near-last place today to number two, just behind Google's Android, by 2015, predicts research firm IDC.
That sounds startling given Microsoft's well-publicized failures in the mobile market so far -- the company can't even push a minor software update out on schedule, and one of its senior mobile execs was forced to apologize this weekend after appearing too carefree about the blown updates last week.
But IDC has actually made a very safe prediction that assumes mobile business trends will continue in a stable, linear fashion for four years.
Here's why: IDC is assuming that Windows Phone will have the exact same market share in 2015 -- 20.9% -- as Symbian does in 2011. In other words, today's Symbian users will become tomorrow's Windows Phone users, just like Nokia hopes.
Or more likely, some Nokia users will remain loyal to the hardware and make the switch, while Microsoft's other Windows Phone partners like LG and Samsung will also pick off some customers from other platforms.
Take a look at the chart here:
IDC
But hang on a second -- just back in September, IDC predicted that Symbian would have about 40% smartphone market share at the end of 2010. Now, it's saying that Symbian will have only 20.9% share at the end of 2011.
So that's a drop of nearly 20 percentage points in less than a year.
(IDC never published end of year stats by platform, but in February it said that Nokia had 33% share of smartphone hardware, which amounts to about the same thing as Symbian market share. That's still a lot higher than 20.9%.)
So what happens if Nokia continues to lose market share at that pace in spite of the big strategic switch to Windows Phone?
That's a real possibility. This morning, Bloomberg reported that the company has grown fat and lazy, with engineers taking month-long vacations in the summer. CEO Stephen Elop also faces internal clashes over Microsoft's closed-source philosophy and layoffs. Microsoft might also fail to deliver the information that Nokia needs to make competitive Windows Phones in a timely fashion.
Four years is an eternity in the tech world. Making predictions based on current business trends is like predicting the weather next month based on how it looks outside right now.
Plan To Disrupt Immigration Raids Will Enlist Songs And Prayers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Laura Benshoff/WHYY Laura Benshoff/WHYY
In the cavernous basement of St. Thomas Aquinas community center in South Philadelphia, a mock immigration raid is underway.
As one woman yells "Help! Help!" — pretending to be taken by federal immigration officers — volunteers being trained to disrupt a raid begin singing and sit down as one, blocking the officers' path.
This scene is part of a training by a nonprofit advocacy group called New Sanctuary Movement. The group hopes to leverage a long-standing policy that federal agents won't make arrests in houses of worship — to create a kind of mobile sanctuary wherever a raid is happening, through prayers and hymns.
President Trump's immigration enforcement plans are still evolving, but the ominous feeling that they've created in communities of unauthorized immigrants has spurred trainings such as this one across the country.
Here's how New Sanctuary Movement's response network will work: when Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers approach a home, people inside are instructed to call a hotline. That call initiates a text alert to all of the trained volunteers.
For this exercise, about 150 volunteers are going through the motions of responding to an alert.
"You are not allowed to pass. Please stand back," says one volunteer acting as an ICE officer. "This is a law enforcement operation, stand 5 feet back."
U.S. The Call-In: Answering Your Questions About 'Sanctuary Cities' The Call-In: Answering Your Questions About 'Sanctuary Cities' Listen · 7:23 7:23
It's intense — many volunteers say they feel anxious afterward. So far, 1,300 people in Philadelphia have signed up and 500 have gone through the training. In attempting to hamper enforcement, the New Sanctuary Movement has three goals.
"So yes, it is to be in solidarity and show up for families. Two, it is to shine a light, and then for some people who are going to risk arrest, it is to peacefully and prayerfully disrupt," says co-founder and director Peter Pedemonti.
That disruption means volunteers circling an immigration vehicle or a home to try to stop removals. If arrested, disrupters could face criminal charges for impeding officers.
Despite those risks, stories of deportations have drawn people to the training who want to take action.
"The targeting communities is something that makes me really angry," says language tutor Emily Grablutz. "It's like they purposely want to break up any sense of safety or stability in people's lives."
Law U.S. Immigration Officials Continue To Carry Out Raids U.S. Immigration Officials Continue To Carry Out Raids Listen · 4:24 4:24
More volunteers are going through the training, but Philadelphia has yet to see large numbers of immigration arrests under the Trump administration.
Even without the big numbers, uncertainty about what future enforcement will look like is breeding fear.
Hector Portillo, who's from Honduras, says he's doing the the training to support his neighbors in South Philadelphia's Indonesian community, many of whom are undocumented — but he's not sure he'll show up for a raid.
"I like [to] help people," Portillo says. "[I'm] scared I get arrested, I lose whatever I got."
Around the Nation On Edge After Immigration Raids, Families Make Plans For If They Get Split Up On Edge After Immigration Raids, Families Make Plans For If They Get Split Up Listen · 4:19 4:19
He's afraid he could lose his green card.
As these trainings continue, it's not clear that these tactics will work. Immigration attorney David Leopold says under the Trump administration, even the old policy of avoiding arrests in churches is in question — but protests, these disruptions could have an impact.
"In the past, ICE has been very sensitive to public outcry," Leopold says. "Mainly because they don't want to be embarrassed publicly."
Groups across the country have reached out to the New Sanctuary Movement for advice on starting their own response networks. A group in Austin, Texas, already has its own rapid response program up and running.
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Texas House of Representatives gave preliminary approval on Tuesday to a new bill on showing identification when voting after a previous voter ID law was struck down by U.S. courts which said it discriminated against black and Hispanic people.
The measure called Senate Bill 5 is intended to remedy flaws found by courts in the previous Republican-backed law. It allows people who cannot produce an authorized photo ID to show other documentation such as a utility bill or bank statement and sign an affidavit stating that they had a reasonable impediment in presenting an authorized ID.
Critics contend the measure backed by the Republican-dominated lawmakers will still exclude ethnic minorities, who tend to support Democrats, and imposes harsh penalties of up to 10 years in prison for lying on the affidavit.
Texas is the most-populous Republican controlled state. For more than 20 years, the party has won every statewide race for offices such as governor or U.S. senator. But shifting demographics have given hopes to Democrats that they can one day turn the state to their column, which would alter the U.S. political landscape.
The original voter ID measure was signed into law in 2011 by then Texas Governor Rick Perry, a Republican. It was considered one of the nation's strictest and has been subject to years of court challenges, with the laws opponents saying it could exclude up to 600,000 voters.
In January, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal by Texas seeking to revive the state's strict Republican-backed voter-identification requirements.
Critics had said the Texas law and similar statutes enacted in other Republican-governed states were tailored to make it harder for minorities including black and Hispanic voters, who are less likely to have the authorized IDs, to cast ballots.
Backers of these laws have said they are necessary to prevent voter fraud, despite little evidence of such fraud.
Both the previous law and the measure in the Texas legislature list authorized photo ID to include: a driver's license, U.S. military ID, a U.S. passport and a Texas concealed handgun license.
The Texas Senate approved SB 5 in March and on Tuesday the state House of Representatives preliminarily approved the measure. Final votes on the bill may be held on Wednesday, media reported.
Texas used a similar system as outlined in the bill in the 2016 election after being ordered by a federal court to weaken its voter ID law.
Understanding, Addressing, and Resolving Bullying Behavior in Your Workplace
By Dunn, Carney, Allen, Higgins & Tongue
Bullying in the workplace is a common, and often misunderstood problem. In a 2007 survey, half of the employees interviewed said they had heard someone scream at a co-worker during work. Almost one-third acknowledged that they have, after an upsetting situation at work, told someone that they wanted to do something awful to a boss or co-worker. Workplace bullying seems to be on the rise, and now occurs 4,300 times more often than workplace homicide, and up to three times more often than unlawful harassment, discrimination, and retaliation, combined. Most are surprised to learn that more often than not, the bully turns out to be female … and educated. This means that certain work environments are statistically more vulnerable.
Despite its frequency, workplace bullying is often ignored or not ultimately resolved. When complaints are raised, the employee (target) may be told a variety of unsettling things such as – ‘you need a thicker skin,' ‘it's just a personality clash,' ‘give it some time,' or ‘why don't you tell [insert name here] how you feel?' Not surprisingly, employees who hear these messages often leave the organization, find a way to avoid the bully, or simply remain quiet and internalize their pain and frustration.
Bullying presents many challenges for employers, not the least of which is trying to define what it is and what it is not. The absence of a statute prohibiting bullying contributes to the problem, as does the lack of agreement as to how much and what type of bad behavior a company should prohibit. One expert in the field defines bullying as the “sustained display of hostile verbal and nonverbal behavior, excluding physical contact.” The problem of universal application of this definition is immediately apparent.
Another expert advocates for a two-part test. First, after the target interacts with the bully, does the target feel oppressed, humiliated, de-energized or belittled? In other words, does the target feel worse about him- or herself? Second, does the bully air his or her venom at people who are less powerful? According to this expert, if these tests are met, then workplace bullying has occurred. Again, imagine the frustration of the HR professional trying to apply this highly subjective and broad standard in a way that is consistent and fair. Instead of focusing on conduct (action), this standard focuses on the impact (consequence).
Still other experts look to the Workplace Bullying and Trauma Institute's definition of Workplace Bullying:
The repeated, health-harming mistreatment of one or more persons (the targets) by one or more perpetrators that takes one or more of the following forms:
• verbal abuse;
• threatening, humiliating or offensive behavior/actions; and/or
• work interference – sabotage – which prevents the work from getting done.
The Institute also offers an understanding of the cycle of bullying and why it is an issue worth addressing. According to the Institute, bullying begins with a perpetrator's desire or need to control the target(s). The desire takes shape as bullying conduct when the perpetrator decides on the targets, the timing, the place, and the method. If unaddressed, the bullying escalates by involving others, either voluntarily or through coercion. Eventually, the business interest of the company becomes secondary to the bully's personal agenda.
Given the frequency of workplace bullying, the fact that it is a behavior that escalates over time, and the potential for significant impact on the bottom line, it is no wonder that some companies have taken steps to address the problem. In these workplaces, employees understand that bullying is not acceptable, that there is a way to raise a concern about such conduct, and that the company will do its best to find a workable and effective solution.
In reality, few of these situations result in happy endings. Retaliation against targets who raise concerns is rampant. Sometimes the same conduct merely escalates, while often bullies become better at finding less obvious or less public ways to act out against the target. In addition, targets who receive only temporary reprieve are reluctant to raise issues again out of fear of being a ‘complainer'. Much like the early days of sexual harassment, employee behavior does not change until the organizational culture does.
Dunn Carney shares your commitment to understanding, addressing, and resolving this problem. We have partnered with local expert, Berry Kruijning, of Crowning Communication and regional expert, Kandy Weaver, of Kandy Weaver & Associates, to develop and present our next Clients and Friends Program. We understand the importance of executive buy-in, and have focused our materials with this in mind. We invite you to bring one or all of your executive team members for this important discussion. Please join us on October 14th 7:30 AM at the Multnomah Athletic Club. To register, click here.
— Thanks to Tamsen Leachman for preparing this article. If you have any questions about Workplace Bullying, our October 14th event or other workplace challenges, please contact Tamsen or one of our other Employment & Labor Team members.
We walk out of the theater, laughing joyfully. We've spent two years in each other heats, loving and caring for each other. I realize that I want to spend the rest of my life with this girl and I'm sure she wants to spend the rest of hers with me. Immediately after realizing I wanted to marry this woman, I stop walking then she stops walking. She asks "Whats wrong?" with a voice so soft it could stop a babies cry. I look up towards her face, our eyes meet. The beauty of her eyes stun me to the point of where I could only speak. Hundreds of thoughts run through my head. There are hundreds of things I could say but the one thing I say without hesitation is "I want to marry you.". Her eyes instantly water . She throws herself against me delivering the most loving and joyous hug I've ever had. She reply's with happiness in her voice "I want to marry you to!" Then we share our first kiss as an engaged couple.
The leader of the far-right English Defence League (EDL) could face extradition to the US on criminal charges.
Tommy Robinson, whose real name is Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, was arrested amid reports that he entered the US illegally in September.
He appeared at Westminster magistrates' court charged with possession of an illegal identity document.
Yaxley-Lennon was remanded in custody until January to stand trial at Southwark crown court.
He claimed on his Twitter page that his arrest stemmed from an invitation he accepted to speak in the US to mark the anniversary of 9/11 terror attacks.
Been arrested for fraud for flying to America for invitation to speak in new York on Sept 11th.Met police are a joke...#political policing — Tommy Robinson EDL (@EDLTrobinson) October 21, 2012
On the movement's official website fundraising efforts for legal costs were under way.
"They want him removed from the United Kingdom of Great Britain to face a court in America," the website said.
"Tommy has been denied any help with legal aid. With Tommy having his accounts frozen he has no access to any monies for legal representation so we need your help."
In separate incidents, 53 people with suspected links to the EDL were arrested by police on the M25 and M3 motorways.
They were banned from entering east London by police as part of bail conditions.
The arrests came ahead of a planned march by the EDL in Walthamstow, east London, on 27 October.
Robinson used social media to publicise the event, revealing he intended to hold a viewing there of the inflammatory film Innocence of Muslims - which mocks Islam and portrays the prophet Mohammed as a paedophile.
EDL Leaders to Skip Provocative anti-Muslim March in Walthamstow, East London
In the heart of rebel-held territory in Syria's northern province of Aleppo, a small group of intrepid Westerners is undertaking a mission of great stealth. Living anonymously in a small rural community, they travel daily in unmarked cars, braving airstrikes, shelling and the threat of kidnapping to deliver food and other aid to needy Syrians — all of it paid for by the U.S. government.
So secretive is the operation, however, that almost none of the Syrians who receive the help are aware of its American origins. Out of concern for the safety of the recipients and the delivery staff, who could be targeted by the government if their affiliation to the United States were known, the Obama administration and the aid workers have chosen not to advertise the assistance.
Meanwhile, as the death toll mounts and the regime led by President Bashar al-Assad shows no sign of giving up, anger about the perceived failure of the United States to help mounts steadily among Syrians who support the rebellion.
“America has done nothing for us. Nothing at all,” said Mohammed Fouad Waisi, 50, spitting out the words for emphasis in his small Aleppo grocery store, which adjoins a bakery where he buys bread every day. The bakery is fully supplied with flour paid for by the United States. But Waisi credited Jabhat al-Nusra — a rebel group the United States has designated a terrorist organization because of its ties to al-Qaeda — with providing flour to the region, though he admitted he wasn't sure where it comes from.
“If America considers itself a friend of Syria, it should start to do something,” he said.
View Graphic Since the Syrian conflict began, the United States has contributed the largest share of global aid to Syria.
The unpublicized aid effort, which The Washington Post was invited to witness on the condition that it not identify the agency involved, the names or nationalities of its staff, or the precise locations in which the workers operate, illustrates the dilemma confronting the Obama administration as it cautiously explores ways of stepping up support for the Syrian opposition.
The United States is already providing a significant component of the humanitarian aid reaching Syria. It has contributed an overall total of $385 million, according to USAID officials. Overall, international donors have matched only a third of the funds promised, and the amount remains woefully insufficient to meet the spiraling needs of a war-ravaged country whose people are killed, injured and forced to flee their homes on a daily basis, U.N. officials say.
The U.N. mission, based in Damascus, faces difficulty accessing rebel-held areas of the country because of government-imposed restrictions and the dangers of crossing the front lines. To circumvent the shortfall, the United States has earmarked $90 million of its contribution for nongovernmental organizations to operate in rebel areas, making it the largest Western donor of aid to the parts of Syria that have slipped beyond government control.
Syrians “say they're not getting any help, and it frustrates us because they are,” said a U.S. official involved in the aid effort who was not authorized to speak publicly on the subject.
Syrians who are aware of the American contributions in Aleppo say the discreet efforts of the U.S.-funded aid agency have made a difference in the areas it targets.
Flour purchased by the United States helps feed 210,000 people a day and has helped resolve the acute shortage of bread that threatened the province with famine last winter, aid workers said. Extra food rations have been distributed to more than 400,000 people, and 168,000 people sleep under U.S.-provided blankets, the aid workers said.
The United States also funds 144 field hospitals and clinics that treat injured Syrians across the country, and it provides 90 percent of all medical aid reaching rebel areas in one province where fighting has increased sharply in recent months, according to an official with the U.S. Agency for International Development who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
The United States is not the only country providing help to the province of Aleppo. Turkey has given by far the most aid overall. In addition, the French NGO Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) runs clinics there.
But among Western donors, “there is no doubt that America has taken the lead,” according to Wissam Tarif, who oversees the provision of aid for the Syrian Opposition Coalition. “And for the U.S., it shows courage to be pushing organizations to operate in this area.”
Yet because of security concerns, the United States can't advertise its successes, undermining what has always been regarded as one of the goals of American aid: to win hearts and minds.
It is a battle the United States appears to be losing. On a two-day visit to the unnamed international agency's projects in the province of Aleppo, it was clear that Syrians don't know that the United States is helping them and that hostility toward the United States is deepening.
“America is our number one enemy,” fumed Ali Mahmoud al-Kak, 43, an unemployed taxi driver, as he bought bread at another of the Aleppo bakeries supplied entirely with flour paid for by the United States.
It is unclear whether raising awareness of U.S. aid contributions would make a difference. Syrians who support the opposition want weapons and a no-fly zone to deter government airstrikes more than they want food or medicine, said Abu Omar, who heads the relief committee in a provincial Aleppo town that receives American food aid. As the person responsible for distributing the food, he knows it comes from the United States, but the aid agency told him not to tell anyone.
“Yes, America helped us a lot with food. But we blame them because they are a great power,” Abu Omar said. “We are enduring airstrikes and shelling daily, and they have done nothing about it.”
Meanwhile, Jabhat al-Nusra, which last week publicly confirmed its allegiance to al-Qaeda, is receiving much of the credit for the help Syrians are receiving. The road leading into the town where Abu Omar distributes American-bought food is lined with black banners advertising the militant organization's presence. As the daily distribution of food got underway in one part of town, Jabhat al-Nusra was delivering water supplies in another.
At the site of the U.S.-funded distribution, men lined up to receive boxes of tuna, pasta, beans, rice and other items — rations intended to feed a family of seven for a month — said that they knew a foreign country was providing the help but that they did not know which one. One man suggested Britain or France, another Turkey. Most said Qatar was the most likely benefactor, or perhaps Saudi Arabia.
“We really don't know, and nobody asks,” said Wasil Khaled, 31, an unemployed day laborer. Jabhat al-Nusra does not provide organized distributions on the scale of these regular food handouts, he said, “but if there is an emergency, they help. They are doing a very good job.”
That the United States is giving humanitarian aid to Syria is no secret. Although the issue of whether to provide military help to Syrian rebels is highly controversial, food and medical contributions have been mentioned repeatedly in U.S. statements on Syria.
Addressing a U.N. fundraising conference by video in Kuwait in January, President Obama made it clear that the origins of the aid would not be publicized.
“The relief we send doesn't say ‘Made in America,' ” he said.
The administration is looking at ways of branding the aid but has not figured out how to safely do so, said Nancy Lindborg, assistant administrator for the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict and Humanitarian Assistance at USAID.
“We know that if we put the aid workers in even greater danger, there is a possibility that we'll have deaths among our aid workers,” she said.
The risks are evident. Three U.S.-funded clinics were hit by mortar fire last month, and one of the strikes killed 10 people, although there is no reason to believe they were targeted because of their U.S. affiliation, which has been kept quiet, American officials said.
According to Human Rights Watch, Syrian government warplanes have deliberately targeted bakeries, mostly in Aleppo province but also in other areas, because they are places where civilians gather. None of the 50 U.S.-funded bakeries in Aleppo province have been hit.
But if one were, and if the U.S. link were known, the entire effort to feed people in the province would be jeopardized, said one of the program officers with the aid agency that supplies the bakeries.
“I'm not concerned about the image issue. I'm concerned about helping people, and I also want to go home to my wife,” the program officer said at the rented apartment where the aid workers live, without telling neighbors who they are.
At a school serving as housing for families forced to flee to one of the towns being helped by American aid, the depth of need is apparent. More than 200 people are crowded into classrooms, where they sleep on U.S.-provided mats, mattresses and blankets and are sustained almost entirely by the U.S. food baskets distributed by the agency.
There is no water, many children are sick, and everyone has a story of bereavement, horror and fear.
“Without this, we would be close to death,” said Amina al-Ibrahim, a grandmother, gesturing toward the box of food she had received the day before. She does not know who sent it. But, she said, “I would really like to know, so that I could tell them thank you.”
Pauline Hanson has accused Labor of making every attempt to “unstitch” her party after it asked the Queensland Electoral Commission to investigate claims One Nation had breached electoral rules.
The Labor MP Murray Watt wrote to Queensland's electoral commissioner at the weekend referring him to a report in the Saturday Paper that Pauline Hanson's One Nation switched its legal structure in November without notifying electoral authorities, or its party members, as required under electoral laws.
The report said One Nation changed its legal structure from an unincorporated association to an incorporated association late last year, and its members might not have been legally transferred to the new entity because party officials failed to obtain members' written consent.
Mark Ellis quits One Nation after alleged threats to kill employee revealed Read more
It said One Nation risked deregistration because its botched incorporation had left it with a noncompliant constitution.
When the party changed its legal structure it adopted the model rules for an incorporated association, rather than develop its own, which are not designed for groups that have a broader purpose than running a club or society, the report said.
It said political parties could use the model rules as a base to ensure compliance with the state-based legislation, but they must amend them to accommodate the requirements of the electoral commissions in the jurisdictions in which they want to stand candidates, which One Nation had not done.
The story prompted Watt to write to Queensland's electoral commissioner, Walter van der Merwe, on Saturday.
“I ask that you investigate these serious allegations concerning PHON's registration, and take any action to ensure compliance with the Electoral Act,” Watt's letter said. “You will recall that One Nation has some history in breaching the Electoral Act, having done so when it applied to register as a party in Queensland in 1997.”
Hanson responded by accusing Bill Shorten of abusing the legal system by burying her in legal paperwork. “From the moment I led One Nation to its historic election result last year, the Labor party has been making every attempt to unstitch One Nation,” Hanson told Guardian Australia, via her spokesman James Ashby.
“Now it seems that Bill Shorten has directed some Labor members to spend their time filing endless complaints against One Nation. This is a typical political tactic that has been used on myself and the One Nation party many times in the past ... it was this same tactic that led to my wrongful imprisonment last time around.
One Nation restructure makes James Ashby party secretary Read more
“If the Australian Electoral Commission wish to clarify any innuendo claims by the Labor party, we will be happy to do so. We see this as simply another mischief-making opportunity by Labor members. The structure of One Nation is not unlike that of all major parties,” she said.
One Nation's restructure has created a host of legal consequences, including giving members new rights under Queensland legislation to ask for financial records or enforce the party's rules and natural justice requirements in court.
The Australian Business Register shows that One Nation Queensland Division added “Inc” to its name on 28 February.
Earlier searches of the business register as late as 1 March suggested One Nation Queensland Division was an unincorporated entity that was not registered for GST, leading to questions by Labor in Senate estimates on that date about why the party was collecting GST.
Watt said this was the third matter concerning Pauline Hanson's One Nation that had recently been referred to relevant authorities for investigation.
The others are: the apparent collection of GST, without the Australian Tax Office registration required to collect GST; and the alleged failure to disclose a significant donation received from a property developer, and its use to purchase a light plane.
Just as surely as night follows day, violence is being directed at ACORN offices and officials in the wake of the flood of right-wing demagoguery about its vote-gathering efforts:
An ACORN community organizer received a death threat and the liberal activist group's Boston and Seattle offices were vandalized Thursday, reflecting mounting tensions over its role in registering 1.3 million mostly poor and minority Americans to vote next month. Attorneys for the Association of Community Organizers for Reform Now were notifying the FBI and the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division of the incidents, said Brian Kettenring, a Florida-based spokesman for the group. Republicans, including presidential candidate John McCain, have verbally attacked the group repeatedly in recent days, alleging a widespread vote-fraud scheme, although they've provided little proof. It was disclosed Thursday that the FBI is examining whether thousands of fraudulent voter-registration applications submitted by some ACORN workers were part of a systematic effort or isolated incidents. Kettenring said that a senior ACORN staffer in Cleveland, after appearing on television this week, got an e-mail that said she "is going to have her life ended." A female staffer in Providence, R.I., got a threatening call from someone who said words to the effect of "We know you get off work at 9," then uttered racial epithets, he said.
John McCain has played a leading role in whipping up this frenzy of hatred. In Wednesday's debate, he charged:
We need to know the full extent of Sen. Obama's relationship with ACORN, who is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country, maybe destroying the fabric of democracy.
This is consistent with the hateful language being spewed from the right by the likes of Lou Dobbs, who has taken to routinely characterizing ACORN as a "radical left-wing activist group" as well as "a Democratic Party adjunct".
In fact, the hysteria's being generated across a broad spectrum of the Right, from Outer Malkinite Wingnuttia to Inside Beltway Villagers, from McCain and Palin to the frothiest freepers.
And we can see what's coming, too: We're being set up for a running yammer from the right after Obama wins questioning his legitimacy because of a supposedly "tainted" vote. Conspiracy theories and talking points from the right will circulate, driving up the temperature and feeding the right-wing populist frenzy.
And they're not even waiting until Election Day to begin.
The Bread Winners folks are at it again, with a new bar-restaurant concept, Harlowe MXM. It will open in what is arguably the most central spot in Deep Ellum: 2823 Main St., at the corner of Main Street and Malcolm X Boulevard.
Scratch that — it's not arguable. It is the most central spot in Deep Ellum.
Harlowe MXM follows the mode of Henry's Majestic, another hugely successful concept from the Bread Winners team. The fact that Henry's Majestic, located at McKinney and Monticello avenues, was such a hit is meaningful, because they were able to turn around a seemingly jinxed location that had seen plenty of closures.
Luckily, they won't have that challenge in Deep Ellum, which has become the hottest neighborhood ​in the city for restaurant openings. With a targeted opening date of late 2016, Harlowe MXM will go into the former Catalina Cycle, a motorcycle and scooter supply shop. The remodel will add a patio on the Malcolm X side, plus an additional patio on the rooftop.
Being a Bread Winners cousin, there will, of course, be a significant brunch. A spokesperson says that Harlowe will also provide a "culinary and cocktail experience unlike any other," under the direction of cocktail wunderkind Alex Fletcher (a nominee for Tastemaker Bartender of the Year), beer mastermind Josh Uecker, and the culinary brain trust of Jim and Cindy Hughes and Adam Kovac.
As for the name, Harlowe is the name of the owners' French bulldog. The Hughes are animal lovers and have named many of their projects after their pets; for example, Henry's Majestic is named for their back lab Henry. And "MXM" stands for Malcom X at Main.
DAVOS, Switzerland (CNN) -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel warned Friday that U.S. efforts to prop up its failing auto industry with bailout money amount to a form of protectionism that threatened to distort the global economy.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she remained fully committed to free market principles.
In a keynote speech on the third day of the World Economic Forum in Switzerland, Merkel said that open markets had to be protected and urged governments to work together to build a more robust and responsible global financial system.
Calling for an "open world economy," Merkel said: "We must not allow market forces to be completely distorted. For instance, I am very wary of seeing subsidies injected into the U.S. auto industry. That could lead to distortion and protectionism."
Merkel said the central task facing politicians was to restore the ability of markets to function and said the crisis required "exceptional measures."
She also said that Germany's "social market economy" could serve as a model for a future international financial system in which governments guarded both the "social and economic order" and proposed the creation of a U.N. economic council modeled on the Security Council.
"We want to have an eye firmly on the future so that we get out of this crisis stronger than when we went in," she told delegates. "We have to have a clear idea of where we are going to go so that we don't make the same mistakes as in the past."
Despite the scale of the crisis, Merkel said that "incredible opportunities" were opening up, adding that growing up in East Germany to become the chancellor of a unified German state had proved to her that nothing was impossible.
Earlier, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown urged global political and business leaders to work together to fix the financial system as the economic crisis returned to the top of the agenda in Davos.
Brown is due to host G-20 leaders in London in April and told reporters that he would use the economic summit to press for concerted international action and tougher global financial regulations.
"Politicians and business leaders have an urgent requirement to rise to the challenge of leadership," Brown said. "History is not destiny. We have a choice about what happens next. This is not only a time for analysis and retrospection but a time for action."
"This is a time not just for individual and national measures to deal with the global financial crisis. This is the time for the world to come together as one."
Brown, whose government has acted to prop up the UK's ailing banks with a rescue package of partial nationalization and this week announced a £2.3 billion ($3.3 billion) bailout for the country's auto manufacturers, urged countries to avoid retreating into protectionism, warning that restrictions on global trade would only worsen the economic crisis. Watch Brown talk about solving crisis »
Delegates have already heard from Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao -- two of more than 40 heads of state or government attending this year's forum.
Also on Friday, Microsoft founder Bill Gates and wife Melinda Gates urged leaders not to allow the economic crisis to distract them from African development.
"Put simply, aid works," said Melinda, who now co-chairs the philanthropic Gates Foundation with her husband. "We must continue foreign aid assistance. It's difficult to keep this on the front pages right now but it's never been more important."
Meanwhile former U.S. vice-president and environmental campaigner Al Gore warned that a consensus on tackling climate change was needed between developed and developing nations before this year's talks in Copenhagen on a successor to the Kyoto Protocol.
"What is most important is that this year is not wasted. We are running out of time," Gore warned.
All About Gordon Brown
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Did California's Attorney General participate in a cover up? Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez has slammed Kamala Harris, her opponent in the race for U.S. Senator, for cronyism and is demanding a Federal investigation of alleged crimes committed by Southern California Edison and top officials at the California Public Utilities Commission.
CONTACT: Charles Langley (858) 752-4600 or Langley@publicwatchdogs.org
California's Attorney General, Kamala Harris, raised eyebrows in the law enforcement community when she allowed the statute of limitations to expire for prosecuting alleged crimes committed by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) and top managers at Southern California Edison (SCE) involving the ratepayer-funded bailout of SCE's failed SONGS nuclear facility.
her failure to prosecute activities that may implicate Governor Jerry Brown, Harris received a coveted endorsement from Brown in her election bid to replaceUnited States Senator Barbara Boxer. Just one month after the media widely reportedto prosecute activities that may implicate Governor Jerry Brown, Harris received a coveted endorsement from Brown in her election bid to replaceUnited States Senator Barbara Boxer.
Critics believe Brown's endorsement of Harris weeks after her failure to prosecute may have been a quid-pro-quo for allowing the statute of limitations to expire on the suspected unlawful activities of Jerry Brown and his political appointees at the Public Utilities Commission. Yesterday, Harris' failure to prosecute prompted congresswoman Loretta Sanchez to issue a blistering press release accusing Harris of political cronyism.
The Sanchez press release calls on the Federal Department of Justice to intervene by initiating an independent investigation.
It also accuses Harris of “Burying her head in the sand” along with the millions of pounds of high-level nuclear waste that are slated for a beachfront burial at San Onofre State Beach Park in June of 2017.
Why the case is important to Jerry Brown
Governor Brown's office has been implicated as a participant in the unlawful bailout of Southern California Edison at ratepayer expense. According to a Public Records Act request by utility fraud investigators at the San Diego Law firm of Aguirre & Severson LLP , Jerry Brown's office either sent or received at least 65 emails to the CPUC's current president, Michael Picker. All of the emails involve details behind a secretly negotiated bailout of SONGS, which resulted in a deal that forced Southern California utility customers to pay an average of $1,600.00 each for the cost of the failed power plant.
In addition to the 65 emails between the Governor's Office and Michael Picker, there are also 64 matching emails between Picker and executives at SCE. The quantity and frequency of those withheld emails suggests that Picker may have worked as a middleman in secret rate-setting negotiations between Governor Brown and SCE.
The law firm of Aguirre and Severson has sued to gain access to those emails, but all attempts have been thwarted by claims of executive privilege, and the fact that
Harris is also defending Governor Brown's Office while at the same time investigating his staff and appointees.
Harris remains popular despite judge shopping scandals
Attorney General Harris has a history of failure to investigate alleged criminal activity by utilities and CPUC staff. In the case of the San Bruno pipeline explosion
recused by his embarrassed colleagues. As for Harris, her office volunteered to help prevent public disclosure of the secret emails, putting her staff and herself in the position of investigating Brown on the one hand, while defending him on the other.
In the case of the San Onofre bailout, Jerry Brown was recently implicated in the effort to keep his San Onofre emails a secret when his judicial appointee and personal friend for more than 40 years blocked a lower court's ruling that would have forced Brown to make his San Onofre emails public. The judge, Anthony J. Kline, was publiclyby his embarrassed colleagues. As for Harris, her office volunteered to help prevent public disclosure of the secret emails, putting her staff and herself in the position of investigating Brown on the one hand, while defending him on the other.
Legal conflicts of interest
. Generally speaking, law enforcement professionals are not allowed to work as defense attorneys or “run interference” for the people they are supposed to be investigating. But that's exactly what happened in May of 2106, when Kamala Harris offered her personal help to Jerry Brown by preventing his emails from being publicly reviewed
Legal scholars have questioned whether or not it is proper for an Attorney General to investigate an alleged crime involving the Governor's Office, while at the same time defending the Governor's Office for the same activity.
Why the law forbids secret utility rate setting meetings
At issue is whether or not it is Okay for CPUC judges and commissioners to meet secretly with big utilities for the express purpose of setting utility rates in secret meetings. California law clearly forbids secret meetings, but when the laws are not enforced they are rarely obeyed.
(Get an Infographic on CPUC's rate-setting process).
Under California law it is unlawful for CPUC, the California Public Utilities Commission to raise your rates without open public hearings. That's the law. Period. But in the case of SONGS the rates were set in a secret meeting at a hotel room in Warsaw Poland without public input.
The California Public Utilities Commission is supposed to hold legitimate public hearings before it allows a monopoly utility to increase the cost of your electricity.
Home Hard Drive Silencing: Sandwiches & Suspensions Submitted by Mike Chin on Mon, 2002-03-25 01:38. Storage
Viewing page 2 of 2 pages. Previous 1 2 Suspending the Hard Drive The NoVibe drive mounting bracket by Noise Control was something I'd seen on the web before, but now I paid attention. This review at Dan's Data helped me understand fully how the device works and led me to believe I could fabricate a copy that would work just as well After consulting my better half, I visited the neighborhood sewing supply store and bought several different elastic materials for about $1 a meter. I splurged on 5 meters. :) It comes in different cross-sections, shapes, thicknesses and elasticity. It is normally used in clothing, but I used it to rig up a kind of webbing in a 5.25" drive bay. Pictures tell the story so much better here...
Multistranded core and woven poly-fabric sleeve makes it extremely tough, yet stretchy.
HDD vibration & noise reducing methods - ranked
HDD Elastic Suspension... Show your pics! Discuss this article in the SPCR Forums.
Previous 1 2
Storage - Article Index Help support this site, buy from one of our affiliate retailers! Search: All Products Computers Photography Electronics Software Video Games Movies Music Books Toys Office Jewelry & Watches Apparel Health & Beauty Home & Garden Babies & Kids Flowers & Gourmet Sporting Goods Musical Instruments
Greetings Citizens,
Another Concept Sale, another Question & Answer session. Since last Friday, we've been collecting questions from the dedicated Q&A post here and today our designers working on the ship will answer 10 more questions for the community. We are very excited to discuss this ship in more detail, so let's jump right into part 2!
Named after the UPE military designation, the Prowler is a modernized version of the infamous Tevarin armored personnel carrier. Esperia's astroengineers were given unmitigated access to study original versions of the ship recently discovered in the Kabal system to help meticulously reconstruct the vehicle. Now, the Prowler is the perfect fusion of two cultures: the elegance and effectiveness of the Tevarin war machine combined with the reliability of modern Human technology.
Special thanks to Calix Reneau, Ben Lesnick, and Steven Kam for taking the time to answer these questions for us.
Question & Answer
Would it be possible for the loaner ship to be a 2.6 flyable Hoplite?
Yes, we will assign the Hoplite as the loaner for anyone who purchases a Prowler concept ship. That'll give you a chance to practice operations with your org mates while we build out the Prowler.
What is meant by “its wide variety of defensive countermeasures at the ready?” This seems to suggest it has more or different countermeasures than other ships, is this the case?
This indicates that the Prowler has the full range of countermeasure types: flares, chaff and decoys. Many ships have only one or sometimes two of these at a time.
If the power or shields fail when the airshields are in use, will it cause sudden decompression?
Yes, losing your airshields while in space would have the same effect as a hull decompression event. (Of course, fully losing power would also cause many other problems for a ship in flight!) Note that the cockpits are sealed from the rest of the ship, so it would be possible to continue flying despite damage to the barracks area.
Does the Prowler have a bed/toilet?
The Prowler does not currently have a bed or toilet, but we are still configuring the interior. There is a ‘ready room' area behind the cockpits which could be used for this purpose, but that might be better served as an area to equip armor and store additional weapons and ammunition.
Can the grav levs be reversed and attach the ship like a magnet to the hulls of other ships.
We are still developing the systems needed for ship boarding, but the intent is to have the Prowler as a key boarding ship. This will likely use a variation of what you have described above, but we do not want to promise exact details until the boarding system is finished.
Will the one-way glass be Tevarin ship exclusive, or is there a chance we can see this as a modular option for other ships as well?
We are treating the ‘one way' cockpit as exclusive to Tevarin ships for the time being; for now, we are going to consider it part of the ship hull rather than an individual component (meaning the ship was designed in specific ways in order to use it.) That doesn't mean the Prowler will be the only ship that uses this tech, though… we'd love to further develop both their historical and present-day ship designs!
Does the Prowler have any docking capabilities?
If you mean ship-to-ship docking, no. That kind of boarding approach is not in line with Tevarin practice, which much preferred their airshielded Deployment Portals and elite training to optimize their effectiveness. Installing a physical docking hatch compatible with human standards of the time was not deemed a good use of the ship's mass or internal volume budget. As per their philosophy, Esperia decided not to alter or diminish their Prowler's experience and design choices by compromising other features in order to install a contemporary docking hatch.
Is there any more detail you can go into about the “Phalanx Shield?”
It takes the current shield allocation gameplay to the extreme to make sure all your baby chickens make it safely to the dance floor. Well, in all seriousness, let us revisit the description of the Phalanx Shield in the post: “A point defense shield that provides a very strong but limited protective face, the Phalanx Shield was one of the reasons that the Prowler became such a significant defensive force when flown in a squad with shields deployed and its wide variety of defensive countermeasures at the ready.” We have already indicated that maximizing your shield effectiveness for larger ships could be a dedicated job for a crewman. And some of you have also noticed in the lore that the Tevarin Phalanx shield has been depicted as being quite effective even against the UPE's technologically superior weapons technology of the time, so it's quite powerful if you use it well; but therein lies the rub – if you're not managing it, you're not using it well. We are still working on shield management systems in general, but that's the goal – the Tevarin style Phalanx Shield is intended to be on the high end of rewarding player skill in shield management, but be even more skill-reliant than ‘normal' shields.
This is more of a physics question. With the Prowler being able to sneak up on large ships to deploy EVA troops, are there plans to allow crew members who exit a ship to retain their velocity? With the current unrealistic system of slowing down to a standstill after jumping into a friction-less vacuum, I feel it'll be near impossible to board unless the captain of the ship is AFK .
We spoke with John Pritchett who said the EVA friction is a bug. We do plan to address this bug at some point. Of course, even if you retain velocity upon exiting a ship, that by itself doesn't necessarily make boarding another ship at speed easy, either. We're as interested as you are in seeing just how good you can get at it – and under what conditions.
Does the UEE use any of the Tevarin themed ships officially?
The UEE's drop-ship needs are met by the various options provided by standard military contracts with Anvil, Aegis and other suppliers of related equipment. That's not to say that the Prowler is not utilized for training purposes and special ops, but currently they are not used on a massive scale.
Mohonk Mountain House in New Paltz, N.Y., looks a bit like an amateur's knitting project, with its buildings dating back to Victorian times seamed together in a line like a lumpy scarf. When I visited in March, the rocking chairs on the porches and balconies were empty because winter still hadn't shuffled off. But you could imagine them filled with the swaying bodies of people who know their way around an argyle sock.
And in fact, I had gone there to knit — one of 105 participants in Mohonk's Knit in Style weekend. Four years ago, Tavy and Assaf Ronen, sibling owners of the Yarn Company, an Upper West Side shop, joined the wide world of knitting tourism by organizing this annual retreat. The program included classes, lectures and displays of artisanal yarns for sale, with names like Flower Child and Atomic Skunk.
I showed up on a Friday with the beginnings of a lavender Fair Isle sweater in my bag. I had come to learn how to prevent my handiwork from looking like the property of a teething orangutan, as my previous sweaters did. I also wanted to find out why people pay serious money (starting next year at $293 per person per night for two nights' double occupancy; including meals and most hotel activities but not taxes and service fees) to go to a place with 85 miles of hiking trails simply to knit.
After all, what is more homey than knitting?
To be fair, the hotel did have many domestic comforts: It was vast yet cozy, with soft, floral carpets and walls hung with vernacular mountain landscapes. My room had a lake view and a wood-burning fireplace (logs and incendiary materials were provided). Much of the knitting action took place in a large second-floor parlor and nearby antechamber with comfortable sofas and armchairs.
December 27, 2016, 1:32 pm
I have written about the horribly stupid but oddly appealing idea of solar roads many times before, most recently here. As a quick review, here are a few of the reasons the idea is so awful:
Even if they can be made to sort of work, the cost per KwH has to be higher than for solar panels in a more traditional installation -- the panels are more expensive because they have to be hardened for traffic, and their production will be lowed due to dirt and shade and the fact that they can't be angled to the optimal pitch to catch the most sun. Plus, because the whole road has to be blocked (creating traffic snafus) just to fix one panel, it is far more likely that dead panels will just be left in place rather than replaced.
But the environmentalists are at it again, seem hell-bent on building solar roads with your tax money; (hat tip to a reader, who knew these solar road stories are like crack for me)
France has opened what it claims to be the world's first solar panel road, in a Normandy village. A 1km (0.6-mile) route in the small village of Tourouvre-au-Perche covered with 2,800 sq m of electricity-generating panels, was inaugurated on Thursday by the ecology minister, Ségolène Royal. It cost €5m (£4.2m) to construct and will be used by about 2,000 motorists a day during a two-year test period to establish if it can generate enough energy to power street lighting in the village of 3,400 residents.
The choice of Normandy for the first solar road is an odd one, given that:
Normandy is not known for its surfeit of sunshine: Caen, the region's political capital, enjoys just 44 days of strong sunshine a year
Wow, nothing like a 12% utilization to really bump up those returns on investment.
The article follows the first rule of environmental writing, which is to give the investment required or the value of the benefits, but never both (so the return on investment can't be calculated). This article follows this rule, by giving the investment but stating the benefits in a way that is impossible for the average person to put a value on, e.g. "enough energy to power street lighting in the village of 3,400 residents". Since we have no idea how well-lighted their streets are or how efficient the lighting is, this is meaningless. And by the way, they forgot to discuss any discussion of batteries and their cost if they really are going to run night-time lighting with solar.
But, the article does actually give something close to the numbers one would like to have to evaluate another similar investment, and oh boy are the numbers awful:
In 2014, a solar-powered cycle path opened in Krommenie in the Netherlands and, despite teething problems, has generated 3,000kWh of energy – enough to power an average family home for a year. The cost of building the cycle path, however, could have paid for 520,000kWh.
As a minimum, based on these facts, the path has been opened 2 years and thus generates 1500 kWh a year (though probably less since it likely has been open longer than 2 years). This means that this investment repays about 0.29 percent of its investment every year. If we ignore the cost of capital, and assume unlimited life of the panels (vs a more likely 5-10 years in this hard service) we get an investment payback period of only 347 years. Yay!
Editor's note: Ed Yong is a freelance writer who blogs regularly at Discover Magazine's Not Exactly Rocket Science.
From Gibbon to "Gladiator," it might seem like we know a lot about Ancient Rome, but our view of this civilization is a skewed one. The Romans lived in one of the most stratified societies in history. Around 1.5% of the population controlled the government, military, economy and religion. Through the writings and possessions they left behind, these rich, upper-class men are also responsible for most of our information about Roman life.
The remaining people – commoners, slaves and others – are largely silent. They could not afford tombstones to record their names, and they were buried with little in the way of fancy pottery or jewellery. Their lives were documented by the elites, but they left few documents of their own.
Now, Kristina Killgrove, an archaeologist from Vanderbilt University, wants to tell their story by sequencing their DNA, and she is raising donations to do it. “Their DNA will tell me where these people, who aren't in histories, were coming from,” she says. “They were quite literally the 99% of Rome.”
***
People have long been interested in the Romans, but most archaeologists only started paying attention to their skeletons in the last 30 years or so. There are currently anywhere between 10,000 and 20,000 skeletons knocking about in Italian warehouses, and most have been ignored because of lack of money and personnel. “It's an untapped data source, especially about the common people, the ones we know nothing about,” says Killgrove.
Since 2007, Killgrove has been studying 200 skeletons recovered from lower-class graves excavated outside Rome's city walls. As they went about their lives, these Romans incorporated chemical isotopes from their water, food and environment into their bones and teeth. By measuring the levels of these isotopes, Killgrove could reconstruct the lives of her subjects.
Carbon and nitrogen told her they ate different and varied diets, which included wheat, barley and fish. Strontium and oxygen revealed that a third of them had immigrated to Rome after their childhood, and had very similar lives to the locals. That was a surprise.
Ancient Rome lacked any formal census, so it is hard to pin down the dynamics of its population. Many people thought only young boys came to the city, but Killgrove found older men, women and children among her immigrants.
She thinks that some could have travelled to Rome from as far away as North Africa, but the isotopes cannot pinpoint a location. To do that, Killgrove wants to extract DNA from the bones of as many immigrants as possible.
This will mark the first time anyone has sequenced DNA from a Roman skeleton, and it is part of a growing field of “molecular archaeology,” in which scientists turn the tools of modern genetics toward ancient civilizations. Several teams have sequenced DNA from Egyptian mummies, both human and crocodile. John Dudgeon, one of Killgrove's collaborators from Idaho State University, has been sequencing the DNA of Easter Islanders. Other societies, from the ancient Greeks to the Etruscans, are likely future targets.
But for the moment, Killgrove's attention is squarely on Rome. She says, “I'm trying to fill in these huge gaps in history and piece together what life was like for the average people in Rome.” She will start with where they came from.
***
Killgrove's own origin story, like many of the best, involves radiation. At the age of 7, she broke her arm and while discussing her X-ray, her doctor asked, “Do you want to know how tall you'll be when you grow up?” As Killgrove writes: “Predicting the future from bones –that is how you blow a 7-year-old's mind.” That incident sparked a longstanding and “slightly creepy” love for skeletons, which fused with a fascination for ancient civilization. Both interests are abundantly clear in her research and her personal blog, Powered by Osteons.
To finance her new project, Killgrove is looking for public donations. She is one of 49 scientists who are trying to persuade the public to fund their research as part of the SciFund Challenge. With more than a month to go, she has already raised more than a third of her $6,000 target. Her donors are mostly members of the public, and include several “weekend genealogists.” One generous individual has donated $1,000, earning an acknowledgement on the eventual research paper.
Killgrove says the crowdfunding model comes into its own for small pilot projects, which can provide the basis for larger grant applications. “I don't think it could fund an archaeological expedition, which could cost tens of thousands of dollars,” she says. “But for these small-scale projects, I think it's a great way of raising money and bringing the public into my science.”
NEW YORK -- A source with knowledge of the NFL talks told ESPN's Sal Paolantonio on Thursday night that the negotiations for a new collective bargaining agreement are headed toward a settlement.
The sides have agreed in principle to a rookie wage system, sources told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter. Since that is no longer an impediment to a deal, the source told Paolantonio, "both sides are intent on working through each issue line by line to get this deal done."
The progress made was significant -- with almost unforeseen momentum -- surprising even the participants, another source said.
The movement in talks has raised hopes that a tentative agreement in principle could perhaps come within 24 hours, two people familiar with the negotiations told The Associated Press. They cautioned, however, that other key issues remained for owners and players to resolve, including free agency and new offseason workout rules.
There was also a tentative agreement to make the 2011 salary cap $120 million, a source told ESPN.com NFL senior writer John Clayton.
When a new collective bargaining agreement is reached, it will be seven to 10 years in length, sources have told ESPN.
After meeting for nearly 15 hours Thursday, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, NFL Players Association chief DeMaurice Smith, players and owners were back at the negotiating table Friday as they attempted to end the sport's first work stoppage since 1987. Goodell has asked the NFLPA for a full day of talks, a source familiar with the meeting told ESPN's Schefter.
"I know our fans are frustrated and want (us) to get it done," Smith said as he entered the Times Square office building where the negotiations were being held. "We'll get everything to the players when the time is right."
Baltimore Ravens defensive back Domonique Foxworth emphasized when the last of the participants left after 11:30 p.m. Thursday, saying "there's really no deal until our players approve it."
Since February, the players have been willing to accept a $141 million player cost number -- which includes both salaries and benefits paid to players -- per team, multiple sources told Clayton. By agreeing to the $120 million cap, the players allow $21 million per team to be in benefits. Now that a cap number has been formed, teams need to determine the minimum cash payroll number, or what teams will be required to spend.
The guaranteed spend forces every team to put up more than 90 percent of the salary cap in cash each season. A couple of weeks ago, the owners talked about having the guaranteed spend number at close to 100 percent of the salary cap, according to sources. That number and percentage could still be adjusted.
The 2009 cap was $123 million but was moved by $5 million to $128 million due to a one-time adjustment called a cash adjustment mechanism. The change is an aberrational adjustment, due to the fact that 2009 was the last capped season of the previous CBA.
Last season was an uncapped year.
Because a 2011 salary cap of $120 million could cause problems for teams such as Dallas, Pittsburgh and others that currently spend more than that, one of the provisions being discussed is a one-player cap exemption for each team, according to a source. That exemption would be a $3 million credit in 2011 that would count against benefits paid out, a source said. That exemption, which could drop to $1.5 million next year, could save the jobs of players.
Zack Stanton was editor-in-chief of the Wilson Quarterly from 2014–2016, and was a House page from 2001–2002. You can find him on Twitter at @zackstanton.
In the middle of October I was sitting on my couch in Washington and heard a familiar name come up on CNN: Dennis Hastert. “Prosecutors have charged Hastert with lying to the FBI about $3.5 million he agreed to pay to… a former student to keep quiet about allegations of sexual abuse dating back to Hastert's time as a high school teacher.” On October 28, after striking a deal with prosecutors, the former speaker of the House pleaded guilty.
This was nine years after the FBI had barged into my parents' house, more than a decade after the unsettling things I'd seen on Capitol Hill. It was the final thud of a decline that had reshaped Congress—and in which I'd played a pivotal role that almost nobody except those FBI agents knew.
Story Continued Below
Hastert's speakership had ended in both defeat and scandal. In November 2006, after Democrats retook the house, Hastert announced he'd step down from leadership in the next Congress. He didn't have much choice in the matter. That fall, a story exploded that likely cost Republicans their House and Senate majority: Florida Republican Rep. Mark Foley, it was revealed, had repeatedly made sexual advances to several congressional pages. Hastert, the speaker at the time, had allegedly been told by House colleagues about Foley's history of messaging teens, and did nothing.
I was a congressional page in 2001 and 2002. During that year, Foley sent sexual instant messages to at least three of my classmates. The messages weren't flirtatious—though some started that way—but out and out lewd. Two of those recipients continued to receive them well after their time in the page program had elapsed, extending into our college years. Many of us who were pages at the time knew that the conversations had taken place. Some of us even shared copies of the message logs among ourselves. But how the conversations went public, and who gave them to reporters and started the avalanche that ended Foley's career and dealt a blow to the Republican congressional majority, has never come out.
It was me.
I didn't do it to sink the Republicans, though as an aspiring Democratic politico, I wasn't sorry to see it happen. I did it because I realized just how easily Rep. Foley had been evading accountability for repeat offenses, and that the House leadership was either unwilling or unable to solve the problem. I had no idea what I'd eventually learn about the speaker in whose hands the problem was placed.
In 2006, it seemed clear the House leadership knew something inappropriate was happening with Foley and the pages; Hastert's disgraceful exit from the speakership that year reflected this suspicion-by-consensus. But knowing what I now know, it's chilling to realize that the speaker of the House had, decades earlier, allegedly sexually abused a teenage boy while working as a high school wrestling coach. What if Hastert's neglect was not simply incompetence, but choice?
***
For decades on Capitol Hill, it was impossible to miss the pages. They're teenagers, fresh-faced, pimple-pocked and famously dressed alike—navy blue blazers, charcoal gray pants, white dress shirts, and a thick blue-and-red-striped polyester tie that conjures images of flight attendants on a discount airline in the Reagan era. To others on the Hill, the uniforms act as a marker for quick identification. Within the program, they functioned as something of an equalizer, a reminder that in spite of our differences—children of wealthy scions and immigrants, red-meat conservatives and fire-breathing liberals—there was a oneness; we belonged.
In this June 2006 photo, House pages line up to shake hands with Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert in the Capitol Rotunda. The Foley scandal exploded less than four months later. | Getty
I knew I wanted to be a page since literally the first time I heard of it, right around the time that my seventh-grade love of professional wrestling gave way to an eighth-grade love of politics—I had to get into the page program. I volunteered long hours with my congressman for years to make it a reality. In August 2001, weeks before my junior year of high school, the acceptance letter came in a thick envelope from House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt. I had been granted admission to my own personal Hogwarts.
Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., in a July 2003 photo. Foley engaged in sexually explicit instant message exchanges with multiple House pages, a revelation that helped Republicans lose their congressional majority in 2006. | AP Photo
During Labor Day weekend, my parents and I joined a block-long line of 70 incoming pages and their doting parents for move-in day. We were all living away from home for the first time, housed in a dorm that often took on a summer-camp atmosphere. We were adolescents, subject to the same teenage romances and cliques as all high schoolers, only ours played out in the halls of Congress.
That first week was a blur—the need to familiarize yourself with the Capitol, to make sense of the House office building system, the Morse code-like bell system and corresponding row of tiny lightbulbs found on every clock on the Hill, the cramped labyrinth of hallways in the basement, the underground tunnel system. We began memorizing the names and faces of every member of the House, using a stack of hundreds of glossy photos as flashcards.
The second week I remember more clearly: Tuesday, September 11. As our school got out, I made my way to the elevator and noticed a group of pages huddled around the school secretary's desk. A classmate scurried up to me. “Planes ran into the World Trade Center,” he said. I thought he was lying.
A dozen of us squeezed into the Democratic cloakroom, huddling around the small, 10-inch TV. As we learned the news—two planes in New York, a plane that hit the Pentagon, one plane still unaccounted for—we also heard the terrifying false alarms: reports of a bomb detonated at the State Department, that the National Mall was on fire. Soon, a decision was made: we have to get out of here.
Just then, a deafening alarm clanged to life in the Capitol building. I assumed the same as everyone else: a plane was about to hit the Capitol. We started sprinting. Police officers made a mad dash for the exits. Outside, there was chaos. Entire congressional offices pouring out into the streets. Smoke plumed from the Pentagon plane crash two miles away.
New Window OPTICS: A History of the House Page Program | Click here to view a pictorial history of the federal government's youngest officials.
Back at the dorm, penned inside the communal living room until they could get a head count, we gathered and cried. We watched CNN as the footage looped, a Mobius strip of grief, confusion and horror. We were out of Kleenex, so a spare roll of toilet paper passed around, many of us ripping off a few squares in a futile effort to blot our tears and stem the flow.
That was our introduction to Washington, D.C. We were 16-year-olds, alone and in the middle of it all. Our families were back home, and in their absence, we became a family, with all of the affection, arguments, favoritism, comfort and drama that families entail. Looking back, I realize just how vulnerable we all were.
***
When the House was in session, members of Congress interacted constantly with pages. When they needed to get something back to their district office right away, we'd be dispatched to deliver it, post haste. When a VIP called—Senator Kennedy, Senator Clinton, the White House—we would answer the call and leave to find congressman so-and-so in the throng of 400 people on the House floor. When the House was in session, we had to be there, too. If they started early in the morning, we'd end our school day early enough to be on the floor before they arrived. If there was a big vote and they stayed late into the night, we were there until they finished.
Cape Town - Thulas Nxesi, Minister of Sport and Recreation in South Africa, said on Thursday that World Rugby's evaluation report on South Africa's bid was a fair and accurate reflection of the country's ability and readiness to host the 2023 Rugby World Cup.
He added that the unanimous recommendation of the Rugby World Cup Ltd board in favour of South Africa was entirely deserved.
Nxesi was responding to criticisms of South Africa from members of the French and Irish teams, following their relegation to second and third place respectively in terms of their ability to host the tournament.
“The compelling and detailed nature of our bid was recognised by World Rugby and the game's leadership in their unanimous recommendation of South Africa as the best candidate to host Rugby World Cup 2023,” said Nxesi.
“Since then there has been some commentary from our fellow candidates that in some way the process has been flawed. The suggestion has been made that the value of the Irish and French bids has been under-scored or misunderstood or South Africa's bid inflated.
“It would be understandable if those sentiments were largely informed by disappointment. However, it is our firm conviction that World Rugby has run a rigorous and professional process of unimpeachable integrity.”
Nxesi said that this attempted undermining of the South African bid, in order to win Wednesday's vote in London (where the World Rugby Council will vote on the host nation), was not unfamiliar to South Africa.
“Even during the 2010 FIFA World Cup bidding process, our competitors and their fellow detractors had mounted a concerted smear campaign to besmirch and malign South Africa's bid,” he said.
“They alleged that our country was grossly ill-prepared to host such a big event. They further declared our country to be the crime capital of the world. They prophesised impending doom and gloom that would befall the tournament, and to tourists and fans coming to our shores.
“We South Africans however are quite resilient and when we put our mind to something we make it work and deliver world class service and standards that, more often than not, exceeds the expectations of even the most cynical. All of the prophecies indeed came to nought. These latter day prophets and naysayers will again be proven wrong.”
Nxesi said that the perceived issues raised by Ireland and France had been addressed and answered to the satisfaction of World Rugby's experts in the evaluation report.
“We have a long history of major, incident-free mega events and we have developed expertise over many years in our security services to ensure that remains so,” he said.
“Our financial guarantee to World Rugby is irrevocable, the Bid team's ticketing plan will ensure minimum capacity of 91% over the tournament with some tickets provided free to communities and others costing as little as R55 for some matches.
“Drawing comparisons to the decision over the destination of the 2022 Commonwealth Games are not comparable. Durban was the only candidate and the South African government was not prepared to foot the hosting bill as presented. This was all done before any commitments, guarantees or contracts were signed. Our financial commitments to World Rugby are rock solid and enforceable in international law.
“We now wait for the outcome of the secret ballot in London on Wednesday, November 15. The bid team has done its work; we have proved that South Africa is the best choice to host the Rugby World Cup in 2023.”
Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum are fighting for the right to be the conservative alternative to Mitt Romney.
But they both lost that battle in Nevada — to Ron Paul.
Entrance polls from Saturday's Nevada caucuses show Romney racking up huge wins among the vast majority of demographics, which isn't surprising given that he took about 50 percent of the vote.
But the one demographic that is supposed to be Gingrich's and Santorum's bread and butter — people looking for the “true conservative” in the race — didn't go for either one of them.
Which begs the question: Just what is the argument for their candidacies right now?
The entrance polls show about one in five voters said the most important attribute they want to see in a candidate is that he is a “true conservative.”
Republican presidential candidate Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) speaks during a campaign stop at Bethel University on Saturday in Arden Hills, Minn. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)
But those voters didn't spurn Romney for Gingrich or Santorum; instead, they went for Paul, who won the demographic with about 40 percent.
Now, it's fair to point out that Nevada is one of the more libertarian states in the country, so it's not surprising that Nevada Republicans' idea of a “true conservative” might be different from other states.
But this is really a must-have demographic for Gingrich and Santorum, and the fact that neither of them tapped it is bad news for their campaigns and their cases for pressing forward.
Exit and entrance polls give voters four options for their top priority in picking a candidate — that they can beat President Obama, that they have the right experience, that they have strong moral character and that they are the true conservative in the field.
With the exception of South Carolina, where Gingrich won, it has become clear that Romney is viewed as the candidate most prepared to beat Obama; he has won this demographic with huge majorities in every state except the one, and this is easily the most popular priority with GOP voters so far.
Romney has also shown himself to be strong enough in both of the other two most-important demographics: moral character and experience.
The “true conservative” vote, then, is really the only one where he is going to cede big votes. It's a necessary — if not sufficient — demographic for any would-be anti-Romney candidate.
But if a significant amount of these voters are going to Paul, then Gingrich and Santorum have no chance.
Obama says he has earned a second term: In an interview with NBC News that aired Sunday, Obama says he's performed well enough to deserve a second term in office.
During his 2009 Super Bowl interview, Obama said his presidency would be a “one-term proposition” if he hadn't turned the economy around after three years.
Confronted with that quote, Obama said he has delivered.
“I deserve a second term,” he said. “But we're not done.”
Santorum expects success in Missouri: Santorum is hoping to get some momentum in Missouri's beauty contest of a primary Tuesday, and he's now predicting success.
“We've got a one-on-one matchup against Mitt Romney in Missouri,” Santorum said on “Fox News Sunday.” “While there are no delegates, it is a key state, it is a primary. And we think we can do exceptionally well in the state of Missouri.”
Convincing the media that it matters, of course, is going to be part of this. And Santorum seems to have set about doing that.
Missouri is allocating its delegates based on the results of a March caucus in order to avoid being penalized for holding its contest too early. But it was unable to get rid of its legally mandated primary.
Gingrich's campaign didn't qualify for the ballot, so it does provide Santorum a true one-on-one matchup, if nothing else.
Low turnout in Nevada: Nevada's caucuses Saturday wound up much like they did four years ago — with a big win for Romney.
But they differed in one key way for the GOP looking forward. Specifically, turnout was lower.
While the state GOP predicted turnout as high as 70,000, it wound up likely falling short of 2008's turnout of 44,000.
That's not a great sign for a GOP banking on increased voter enthusiasm.
Fixbits:
Gingrich calls Romney “timid.”
Gingrich still has $600,000 in campaign debt.
SNL sends up Newt's moon colony idea.
The Texas primary may be in flux, but it's still important.
Rudy Giuliani says Romney's changes from his more moderate days as Massachusetts governor “give me pause.” Giuliani has yet to endorse in the presidential race.
Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.), known for her staff turnover, parts ways with one of the few staff members who had been with her for a long time.
Bachmann won't be endorsing before Tuesday's Minnesota caucuses.
Former Rep. Pete Hoekstra (R-Mich.) runs a Super Bowl ad labeling Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) as “Senator Spenditnow.” The ad features an Asian woman thanking Stabenow for sending jobs overseas.
As of today, top GOP polling firm Ayres, McHenry and Associates will be known as Northstar Opinion Research. Same team but with a new name and Web site.
The fall of Christine O'Donnell.
Must-reads:
“Newt Gingrich campaign offers detailed plan to carry on” — Amy Gardner, Washington Post
“What Planned Parenthood wins in funding fights with Komen and Congress” — Sarah Kliff, Washington Post
“Mormons grapple with media attention during Romney run” — Manya A. Brachear, Chicago Tribune
President Obama holds his final news conference at the White House in Washington, January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque The bidding for the rights to books written by former President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama has skyrocketed to more than $60 million, according to a report from the Financial Times.
Penguin Random House, which has published three other books by Barack Obama, is leading the bidding war so far, according to the report published on Tuesday. HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster, and Macmillan are competing.
The lofty price tag will shatter the record for presidential memoirs, the Financial Times reported.
The rights to books written by Bill Clinton and George W. Bush sold for $15 million and $10 million, respectively.
The Obamas are writing their books separately but selling the rights jointly, according to the report.
Read the Financial Times report here.
Image: approaching Mount Whitney/Cullen328
California's Kings River provides water to an area populated by some 750,000 people, generates $3 billion annually in revenues from hydroelectric power sales, and supplies much of the water needed to irrigate the state's Central Valley agricultural region. And if current climate trends continue, the river is going to keep drying up.
The river's source lies well about 12,000 feet in Kings Canyon National Park, making it something of a snow runoff pipeline. The higher one travels up the river's course, the higher the precipitation levels found. Water levels found in the river are a direct function of what's known as evapotranspiration (ET), which is the sum of water lost through regular evaporation and water lost via plants sucking it up for their own purposes.
So, actual water runoff has a lot to do with vegetation. More plants mean less water for the river. This works out for rivers like the Kings because as they climb upwards in elevation toward their sources and temperatures grow colder, vegetation tends to decrease, and we're left with a river supplying adequate water.
Climate change has a say in this distribution of plant-life, however, and new models from researchers at UC Irvine, published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, suggest that as a warming climate continues to foster increasing densities of biomass at high elevations, we can expect dramatic decreases in river flows. This is a process already well underway.
The Kings River has a kind of sweet spot around 2,300 meters (7,545 feet), above which is a "cold-limited zone" responsible for much of the river's runoff potential. "Climate projections for 2085 – 2100 indicate as much as 4.1 °C warming in California's Sierra Nevada," the paper notes, "which would expand high rates of ET 700 meters upslope if vegetation maintains its current correlation with temperature."
If the mountains lose 700 meters of this crucial cold-limited zone, we've then lost 26 percent of desperately needed water, the result of a 28 percent rise in overall ET effects.
This implies a potential widespread reduction in water supply with warming.
The UC Irvine researchers, led by engineering professor Roger C Bales, gathered their data with help from a set of four atmospheric monitoring towers (eddy covariance towers, properly) along with remote sensing data. From there it was possible to model the correlations between climate and ET at different altitudes.
Clearly, ET effects decreased as the monitoring towers increased in elevation and vegetation decreased as a function of colder high-altitude temps; the authors concluded that the Kings River flow is thus "highly sensitive" to temperature variation and the corresponding vegetation expansion.
This isn't so much a prediction of things to come as it is a description of what's already happening. "Widespread increases in subalpine tree growth, tree-line altitude, and species distribution with elevation have been reported with recent climate trends in California and elsewhere," Bales and team write, "implying that rapid vegetation shifts are possible."
Finally, it should be noted that this particular 26 percent loss is merely an example rather than a summation of climate runoff effects for the state or even the Sierra. "We found a consistent relationship between watershed ET and temperature across the Sierra Nevada," Bales and team writes. "This consistency implies a potential widespread reduction in water supply with warming, with important implications for California's economy and environment."
California is, as the current study notes, a state with 20 million people largely dependent on runoff for their basic water supplies, to say little of agriculture and hydropower. Given that California is already writing water checks it can't cash, while its general supply situation has farmers looking to pseudoscience and "water witches" for help, it's all the more clear that even the smallest decline in river flows will mean very large-scale effects.
Tana Toraja, South Sulawesi, Indonesia
While still alive, an adult Toraja will raise money for their family to throw the biggest, best party in town when they die. Dozens of buffalo and pigs are sacrificed for a feast and the whole community celebrates. But once they've splurged all the dosh on a ruddy good knees-up, there's little left for a funeral. So, until they've raised more funds, the body is stored under the family home and referred to as 'the sick'.
Eventually, the inevitably putrid body is placed into a network of tombs that have been dug into the nearby cliffs. A life-size wooden effigy is propped up along one of the rock balconies, joining long dead relatives and friends, so their spirit can watch over their descendants. If a baby or small child dies however, a new hole is made in one of the Baby Trees. The little corpse is inserted and the hole is resealed. When the tree begins to heal they believe the child is absorbed.
Sedlec Ossuary, Kutna Hora, Czech Republic
We might see a creepy bunch of human bones, but to the woodcarver František Rintn, it was his masterpiece. So much so, in fact, he even signed his work in bone (not his own though - that might have been difficult).
The 40,000 bones he used to turn the ossuary into a gothic human-themed showroom came from the cemetery of the little church it sits beneath. The site became a popular final destination after a handful of soil from Jesus' grave was scattered there in the 13th Century. So popular, that after a while the monks had to dig up the bones of those who'd already been buried to make way for new bodies.
In 1870, Rintn, faced with the unenviable task of finding something to do with the huge piles of bones, did what any normal human being would do: fashioned a chandelier, candelabra and shield, complete with raven pecking at a beheaded Turk.
City of the Dead, Dargavs, Russia
This necropolis dates back to at least the 14th century. There are just under a hundred of these stone crypts scattered on the hillside containing clothes, belongings and, of course, stiffs. Whole families would be buried in these huts, especially during epidemics such as the plague. At times, when dying had become particularly trendy, and there was no one left to bury the bodies, the people left behind would take themselves off to the crypt and wait to die.
The huts were built out on the hills because no one wanted to live there. It was too windy and hard to get to, so the land was cheap. Lovely view though, presumably that's why they put the windows in.
Hanging Coffins, Gongxian County, China
The ancient custom of hanging coffins is found across Asia: similar sites can be found in Indonesia and the Philippines. Some dangle from wooden stakes, others sit on rocks or in caves. No one really knows why this was done, but it's thought it was to take the bodies closer to heaven, y'know, just in case their souls were a bit tired.
La Recoleta Cemetery, Buenos Aires, Argentina
This city cemetery is like a small town in itself. Walkways wind through mausoleums, pilled high with generations of the dead, some in such disrepair that coffins lie open, exposing bones. Each tomb is different, there are cathedral styles, art nouveau, and modernistic bank-like boxes. Masonic pyramids also sit along the streets of death, statues of pagan gods and a fair few cats. We don't want to think about what they live off.
The higgledy piggeldy graveyard's most famous resident is Eva 'Don't Cry For Me Argentina' Peron (Evita), but the body of a 19 year-old named Rufina Cambaceres also lies here. She was mistakenly buried alive after becoming catatonic when she caught her mother shagging her boyfriend. Cemetery guards discovered the clawed lid of her coffin when it cracked - she had died from a heart attack trying to escape. Cue spooky ghost noise.
MONTEBELLO (CBSLA.com) — A man walked into his Wells Fargo Friday with a mask on, but he was no robber. Far from it.
Joe Jaramillo, a cancer patient, had undergone chemotherapy the day before. The surgical mask was to fight germs.
“I felt so embarrassed and humiliated,” said Jaramillo, asked how he felt when he was surrounded by police.
He spoke to KCAL9's Cristy Fajardo about being confused for a wanted bank robber.
Just doing the mundane tasks, like going to the bank, are a blessing for Jaramillo, 57, and fighting lymphoma.
“I just wanted to do something on my own,” he says.
Against medical advice, he went to his Wells Fargo — on Whittier Boulevard in Montebello — to make a withdrawal first thing Friday morning.
The FBI, meanwhile, thought he might be the “Surgical Mask” bandit, wanted for at least two bank heists in Orange County. The “Surgical Mask” bandit is considered armed and dangerous.
“The next thing I know, I have six Montebello police officers around me, standing there saying, ‘Can you stand up, can you put your hands above your head'?' What did I do? ‘Can you please stand up, sir?' I go, ‘Really?' This is so embarrassing, you have all these people at the bank [watching],” says Jaramillo.
He had been waiting for his transaction for a while. He told the teller the reason he was wearing the mask, “I told them I am wearing the mask, I just had chemo yesterday.”
Jaramillo says the teller kept coming up with reasons they couldn't finish the transaction. He believes now they were stalling until police could arrive.
“Then I noticed, behind the scenes, they even had shotguns,” says Jaramillo.
To hear Jaramillo tell it, mask or no mask, he doesn't see the resemblance. “To me, he doesn't look anything like me,” says Jaramillo.
Police questioned him, searched his car and ultimately apologized for the inconvenience.
He says he really doesn't fault police but he is upset with the bank.
In a statement, Wells Fargo said, “This is the first I am hearing of this. Because the bank is closed tonight, I can't speak to the branch manager and cannot provide any information until tomorrow and comment on the situation.”
Dana Taylor hadn't exactly been planning to run in the upcoming provincial election.
As a member of the board of directors for the Board of Change, a sustainability-focused business network, he was, initially, just curious as to whether the B.C. Green Party had selected a candidate yet.
article continues below
“I looked it up and saw there was nobody running,” he said. “That took me to the next step, when I started looking at the results from the previous (election) and was saying, ‘this is crazy, this is not representative of what I believe this riding should be able to do'… I made the call to the Green Party to say, ‘who's in the chute here? What's going on?' and they sent me back a candidate's package. So I filled that in and away we go.”
Now, Taylor, a West Vancouver resident of 30 years, is readying to challenge incumbent Liberal MLA Jordan Sturdy to represent the West Vancouver - Sunshine Coast - Sea to Sky Country riding, the Green Party announced last week.
“I'm not afraid of politics — I've had that experience… I thought, ‘I can lend a voice to this,'” he said. “I truly believe that in the riding itself, there's more Green votes out there.”
Taylor, who previously served two terms as a city councillor in North Vancouver and now acts as the executive vice president for the Mechanical Contractors Association of B.C., said he's ready to jump back into politics while drawing from his experiences representing a different group of constituents in those roles.
“From my association background, in many ways it's a step sideways,” he said. “It's the same world. You essentially work for constituents in that you try to achieve the objectives of that organization, in this case, on the members' behalf. Association work is politics from the other side… It's all the same thing. It's giving your constituents what they want and need.”
Moreover, Taylor — who names his main focuses as amending B.C.'s current economy structure and the province's correlating energy strategy, development issues and transportation — said he hopes to offer Sea to Sky residents an alternative option when they head to the polls.
“(After) 16 years of Liberal government, (do you have) the province that you want? Is this the environment you like to live in, are the things that concern you on a day-to-day basis being responded to?” he asked. “If the answer's no, then right away you're faced with a choice: do I stick with these guys or do I try something different? In this case the Green party, certainly on the economic platform, offers as much or more than the Liberals do. I think a lot of our constituents are trapped feeling like they don't have a choice and... I think I can articulate some of those options.”
But with the election fast approaching — the vote is currently scheduled for May 9 — Taylor knows he's facing “an uphill struggle.”
“I have a lot of work to do, no question about it,” he said. “I just need 39 per cent of people that voted for somebody else to vote for me next time, so it's not impossible… I'm going to do my best to make some noise and see if I can scramble to the top.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
In response to Jonathan Chait, National Review's Jonah Goldberg makes an argument that I've seen more and more on the right—that noticing racism, and particularly racialized political attacks, makes you a racist: Ad Policy
What I love about this stuff is that liberals tend to insist how racism is not only repugnant to them, but alien to them. And yet, they continually demonstrate a sensitivity and acuity for spotting it that even real racists seem to lack. They're like people who claim to be nose deaf (if you prefer, anosmic) who nonetheless insist they can pick up an exotic scent from miles away (“A lactose intolerant armadillo has grown flatulent over by the old Miller farm…”).
There's a real irony in the fact that this comes from someone whose magazine employed a notorious racist, and then replaced him with another (after firing two other writers with unfortunate views).
Regardless, I'll attempt a response. It's possible to both oppose racism and have knowledge of racist tropes and ideas. By definition, in fact, racism can't be “alien” to an anti-racist—it's impossible to counteract racism unless you can recognize racist things.
For example, the character “Han Lee” on CBS' 2 Broke Girls is—to borrow from writer Andrew Ti—“a tiny, greedy, sexless man-child,” who speaks with a broken, generically Asian accent. This is incredibly racist, but in order to come to that conclusion, you have to be familiar with stereotypes about Asian-Americans.
Now, for Goldberg, this means that Ti—and anyone else who noticed—is a racist. This doesn't make any sense. At all.
I myself have noticed attacks on President Obama that traffic in stereotypes and discredited ideas about African-Americans and black masculinity. Does this make me a racist? I hope not, since I'm also, you know, black. It's not just anti-racists who notice racially charged—or simply racist—attacks in political life. Social scientists have been documenting the use of race in politics for decades, and have identified important and concrete effects.
Hell, our political lexicon is filled with words and phrases that call back to race and racism—“Willie Horton,” “dog-whistling,” “the Southern strategy.” Jesse Helms' “Hands” ad—used against a black Democrat in 1990—is distilled prejudice, put to devastating political effect. Check it out for yourself:
This is incredibly racist. But according to Goldberg, I'm a racist for pointing that out.
One last point. If there's anyone who wouldn't notice racism, it's actual racists. Remember, if you believe that nonwhites are inferior, you're unlikely to notice when someone says something—“Blacks just want handouts”—that confirms your biases. In fact, contra Goldberg, it would actually be very odd for a racist to call “racism.” After all, to them, it's just common sense.
The US Air Force's unmanned X- 37B space plane, thought to be a spy bomber against targets like a Chinese space station, has returned to Earth after a nearly two-year secret mission.
The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 3 (OTV-3) touched down at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on Friday after conducting experiments in orbit for 674 days, the US military said.
Conspiracy theorists endlessly conjecture on what the Pentagon is doing with "the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft."
The Air Force's two vehicles resemble small space shuttles, and have now logged a combined 1,367 days in space, the military said.
In the latest mission, the X-37B lifted off from Cape Canaveral in on December 11, 2012. At the time, the Air Force said its mission would last about nine months.
The military has spoken only in generalities about the spacecraft and its mission, CNN reported today.
"Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control, thermal protection systems, avionics, high temperature structures and seals, conformal reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems, and autonomous orbital flight, re-entry and landing," an Air Force statement said.
Theorists speculate the spacecraft is a space bomber, a spy plane against such targets as the Chinese space station, or merely an experiment as the government states, according to a Popular Mechanics story in 2012.
The previous mission of the X-37B, which landed at Vandenberg on June 16, 2012, lasted 469 days, according to the Air Force. That mission was flown by the second of the orbiters. The latest mission is the second for the first of the orbiters, which was refurbished after it spent 224 days in orbit following an April 2010 launch.
When the latest mission launched, the Air Force said it might not be the last.
"Officials anticipate multiple missions will be required to satisfy the test programme objectives, but the exact number of missions has not been determined," a statement said.
The X-37B spacecraft is 29 feet, 3 inches long and 9 feet, 6 inches high with a wingspan of 14 feet and 11 inches. It weighs about 5.5 tonnes. It is lifted into space by United Launch Alliance's Atlas V rockets.
16. Keven Mealamu (125)17. Wyatt Crockett (39)18. Nepo Laulala (3)19. Jerome Kaino (59)20. Sam Cane (23)21. TJ Perenara (14)22. Colin Slade (19)23. Malakai Fekitoa (10)The All Blacks selectors have made just three changes to the starting XV which started last week's opening Bledisloe Cup Test in Sydney: Ma'a Nonu returns for the injured Sonny Bill Williams, lock Samuel Whitelock comes in off the bench for Luke Romano, while Victor Vito comes in for Jerome Kaino, who moves to the bench.Joining Kaino in a slightly rejigged reserves bench is hooker Keven Mealamu and prop Wyatt Crockett, in for Codie Taylor and Ben Franks respectively, while Colin Slade comes in for Beauden Barrett in the only back reserves change.The All Blacks side will again be captained by All Blacks captain Richie McCaw, who will break the world record for most Test matches this weekend in his 142nd Test.All Blacks Head Coach Steve Hansen said: "This game is one of the best challenges we could have. We pride ourselves on our performance and last week's wasn't good enough, so we have been working hard at all areas of our game. We know we have to be smarter, more accurate and bring more intensity right across the park."It's also our last Test match in New Zealand for the year, so it's important that we deliver a performance that we can be proud of in front of our home fans.""Finally, I would also like to take this opportunity on behalf of myself and the All Blacks to publicly acknowledge Richie's achievement in becoming the most capped Test player in the history of the game. His performances week in, week out in the black jersey have been nothing short of extraordinary."* The All Blacks and Australia have played each other 153 times, with the All Blacks winning 104 times and the Wallabies 42, with seven draws.* Daniel Carter will start his 88th Test match at first five eighths to equal the world record holder, Steven Jones of Wales. Carter also surpassed the 1,500 Test points milestone last weekend.* In last weekend's Test, Nehe Milner-Skudder became the first All Black to score two tries on a Test debut against Australia since Bruce Watt in 1962.* The All Blacks team has an average age of 27.Meanwhile, the following All Blacks squad members have been released to play for their respective provincial unions in the opening round of the ITM Cup this weekend: Cory Jane and James Broadhurst (Wellington v Taranaki on Saturday); and Matt Todd and Patrick Osborne (Canterbury v Otago).
Next Chapter >
Welcome to Helen, GA
Have you ever heard of Helen, Georgia? Probably not. It's a small, one-horse, Bavarian-themed township tucked away in the Appalachian mountain range in the northern part of the State. The total population just barely exceeds 500; there's not a single stop light and the entire town primarily consists of two main roads – one of which is called Main St… Come to think of it, Helen probably has more horses than one could count, and every year this quaint little community that sits alongside the the luscious Chattahoochee River is torn upside-down by thousands.
The reason? One of the most anticipated VAG enthusiast meets in the entire country: Southern Wörthersee.
Forget what you know about that famous Wörthersee event in Austria. Forget what you know about ‘turning up'. And forget what you know about the South. This is so much more than a mere spin off…
Sure, SoWo (as it's more commonly known) it may have started that way – a bunch of dudes looking to have their own Wörthersee experience without the need to stick their pride and joy in a shipping container and travel across the globe.
But it's so much greater than that now. Not only has the annual event been around for eight years – its popularity has never wavered in that time. In fact, it just keeps getting bigger and bigger; expanding from parking lot to parking lot and gaining new vendors every year.
The fact that Volkswagen set up a booth, and that a company like APR was offering on-site ECU upgrades should give you an indication of just how big it's become.
SoWo may not be as extravagant as the event it was originally modeled off – one Bryn began checking out 2014's preparations for earlier in the week – but for the folks in attendance this is one of the biggest weekends of the year. An event where life's problems can be put on hold and swapped for a few days of pure hooning bliss.
To be honest, I really had no idea what to expect as I've actually never attended this event in the past. I suppose that's due to my previous work being primarily driven by modified Japanese cars, but believe me when I say that SoWo will be on my annual must-attend list from here on out.
Maybe it's because the vibe was completely different than what I'm used to. Instead of groupies walking around with shirts along likes of, ‘Drive Slow!' and ‘Your burnouts ruin car meets!', the roads were lined with young rowdy folks screaming for the passersby to lay some solid tread and exercise their ponies. So much so, that the catch phrase for the weekend quickly developed into ‘BURNOUGHT!'
You may stick your nose in the air in reaction to this kind of behavior, but it was all in good fun and there wasn't a sore face in sight. Even some of the older participants were itching for a solid sideline scream – and not once did the tire frying antics ever really ruin the meet. Yes, a few folks got tickets and they were expected, but sometimes you've got to pay to play. It is Southern Wörthersee after all..
Past the shenanigans there was an undeniable sense of camaraderie spread across all generations and genres of auto enthusiasm, and it made you feel right at home.
The Grassy Knoll
One great thing about Southern Wörthersee is the effort put in to make the event as authentic as possible. As I mentioned at the beginning, the show itself is held in a Bavarian-themed town. Can't have a meet around an Alpine lake? That's okay, it's been replaced by the Chattahoochee. And just as with the original Wörthersee, the main competition only extends to VW, Audi and Porsche models.
Even with the selection being trimmed down to a single auto group, the variety was still impeccable. There was a place for everything – old school cream puff Audi Foxes included.
Right through to all-out Volkswagen show car builds.
Speaking of all-out builds, this twin turbo, wide-bodied Audi R8 by TopSpeed Motorsports had to be one of the most talked about cars of the show – but don't call it a show car. I'd love to go further into detail about its immaculate paint job, its fresh set of HRE wheels and how a local body shop out of Randomville, GA, was trusted to sculpt and construct the custom kit entirely from scratch – but I'll save all the juicy details for its upcoming feature…
I've never really been into wraps, and as a photographer, the thought of shooting a car completely drenched in highly-refective gold vinyl is on the same level as gouging my own eyes out. But I'd be lying if I didn't admit that this CC was a definite showstopper.
If you're into Mk1s, there was certainly no shortage of those scattered over the large grassy knoll.
Aside from the R8, one of my personal favorites from the main competition had to be this absolutely raw Volkswagen EA 142 coupe, complete with a little hint of bosozoku styling in the rear.
Well, that was until I spotted this 1984.5 Wolfsburg Scirocco sporting Kamei X1 aero, Ronal R8 wheels and a Calloway Stage II turbo setup. Absolutely immaculate doesn't even begin to describe this thing.
And check out the attention to detail in this MK2's engine bay. Perfection.
Amongst many high profile cars, there were those that went largely unnoticed – unless you knew what you were looking at. Can you guess the paint? It's not Nimbus, nor Aviator, but actually one of the only B5 S4s in the country sporting the new RS7's exclusive Nardo Grey. Along with many others, I'll go more into detail on this hard-tuned bad boy in my upcoming Spotlights of SoWo post later this week.
Walk it out
The main competition field was definitely an awesome sight, but the cars I found around the outskirts of the event were equally impressive.
At first glance, you might think that if a car's not in the actual show, it wouldn't be seen by many people. Wrong! Not only did the outer areas provide enough available space for all of the enthusiasts that converged on the town, but there was just as much foot traffic – if not more. Too bad this lil' guy just couldn't hang!
One moment you'd be stopped dead in your tracks over car like this flawless 911 on the Air Lift Performance booth.
Only to turn the corner and spray your drink over a Caddy with a mid-mounted turbo VR6 engine, parked outside of one of the many overflowing hotels located directly on Main St.
In fact, the variety out and around Helen almost exceeded that of the main show's grounds. Eliminating restrictions, the town was filled with just about every style of build under the sun.
My favorite? This mint condition baby blue Volvo 142 on Gotti 55As.
Even though the style is not for everyone, there was a rusty, rat rod influenced build on every corner that either made you think, ‘What the hell were they thinking'. or ‘Sh*t, why doesn't my car look like that?!'
When I finished sifting the town and made the call to walk back to the main event, every exhaust note that greeted me came as a new surprise.
Even the overflow had lots more than a few solid gems tucked away.
The best part about the event outside of the main competition? It never stopped. I was never able to set my camera down. There was no escape. Even when I was sitting on a balcony trying to recoup, there was a constant stream of cars I hadn't yet seen driving past.
The Oddities
Though the show was an incredible experience, I'll be the first to admit that it was definitely a bit – for lack of a better word – stancey. Maybe that comes with the Euro territory, but with how much frustration I've picked up on from y'all since joining the Speedhunters team, I knew I had to make a solid effort to overcompensate and showcase the more meaty side of things. Just remember… you asked for it!
Remember what the Audi brand originally stood for? This lifted Allroad on Enkei RP-F1s is the perfect example. Just look at the mud splattered about the side. That's #JoyofMachine at its finest!
And how about this rare four-wheel drive Mk2 Golf Country just aching for an off-road excursion. Sure, it's definitely not the sort of VW you'd normally find at at event like this, but tell me you wouldn't love to get behind the wheel of this thing and fling some dirt in the air.
Got that out of your system yet? Hope so, because we really do care about your interests. And with that out of the way, let's get back to shaking your knees with this R32 engine swapped Corrado.
A flawless bay with power in mind, wet paint and a set of gold BBSs. Really, what's not to love?
Need more power? Love the B5 S4 but are terrified of having problems? No worries, a 2JZ conversion with a huge turbo will take care of that…
Still not enough!? Fine. I present to you the gnarliest Caddy I've ever seen in my life. Think rear-wheel drive, think 5.4L Triton swapped, think enough character to put even the hippest of cars to shame. And you'd better believe we have a full tire-slaying feature coming soon!
Let's not forget about all the slightly off-beat details present though – like this LEGO-lined trunk and sub box display.
Or this R32, which has gone the completely shaved route and creatively had its fuel outlet relocated behind the tail assembly.
A few of the bays even had their own touches of individuality. To each their own, but I'll have to hand it to the owner of this particular car for pulling off a leather-wrapped engine cover, which of course matched the interior.
Another aspect I found myself growing very fond of throughout the show was the versatility of the VAG group. To me, this slammed Passat on OE Landrover wheels was a perfect example of that.
As a Western-influenced guy in pretty much his first fully-blown Euro getaway, I'll be the first to admit that selecting images for this post was a challenge. But I hope I clearly portrayed all the joy that is Southern Wörthersee. And if you're sitting in front of your screen thinking, ‘Could this possibly be all SoWo had to offer?', be patient because round two is just around the corner. In the meantime, check out a load of bonus images in the next chapter.
Matthew Jones
Instagram: matthewjonesphoto
matt@speedhunters.com
Cutting Room Floor
an american epidemic
prescription drug abuse
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has officially declared prescription drug abuse an epidemic in the United States.
In 2014, prescription drugs surpassed car crashes as the leading cause of accidental death in 29 states.
The United States consumes 80% of the world's supply of painkillers.
Overdoses involving prescription opioid analgesics, which are medications used to treat pain, have increased to almost 17,000 deaths a year in the United States.
Abuse of prescription opioids affects more than 12 million Americans and kills more people annually than heroin and cocaine combined.
In 2012, there were an estimated 1,350 initiates per day of persons 12 and older who used a prescription pain reliever nonmedically for the first time.
Medical emergencies resulting from prescription drug abuse increased 132% over the last 7 years. Prescription drugs account for nearly two-thirds of the opioid overdoses.
medical professionals
Between 2010 and 2013, 750 doctors in the U.S. had their licenses restricted/revoked or lost hospital privileges due to transgressions from drug abuse.
Each year, 1% - 2% of people working in the healthcare field develop some form of addiction
Addiction to opiate pain killers is the number one cause of death of anesthesiologists under 40. 20%-30% of all doctors addicted to drug practice in the field of anesthesiology. X X
teens
1 in 8 teens (about 2.7 million) has reported misusing or abusing prescription stimulants.
1 in 4 teens believes that prescription drugs can be used as a study aid. 12th graders who reported past-year nonmedical use of amphetamines
The holy trinity is one of the oldest MMO tropes, a mechanical design concept that came to video games from pen and paper tabletop RPGs. More recently though, new MMOs like Blade & Soul have challenged the trinity concept, in many cases removing one corner of the triangle completely. Ostensibly the goal of these games is to give players more flexible class choices and reduce the inevitable surplus of DPS characters, with a possible side effect of encouraging more creative encounter design.
So, should MMOs ditch the holy trinity? In a word: no! Not even a little bit.
What is the holy trinity, anyway?
Before I try to convince you to love the trinity, we should probably define our terms. There is one standard grouping that is considered to be the holy trinity for MMO players: healer, tank, and DPS, or damage-reducer, damage-taker, and damage-dealer.
Usually this trinity takes the form of a tank, a healer, and a handful of DPS characters. The tank is responsible for generating hate on the target, soaking damage, picking up additional creatures that spawn, and moving the target as needed. The healer is responsible for defensive buffs, resurrections, shields, and restoring missing health in the party. The DPS is responsible for offensive debuffs and killing things real dead, real quick.
Now that we know what we're talking about, let's get into the four main reasons the holy trinity is a good thing.
Reason 1: Familiarity Breeds Content
The descriptions of each role that I gave above are generalizations but they hold true for the majority of MMOs. This also means that experienced players can pick up a new game that uses holy trinity class design and know right from the outset what they might enjoy playing the most. In this modern era when most people frequently hop between MMOs rather than stick with just one for years, having a jump on knowing what class you want to play makes the process a lot smoother.
Not only that but statistics show that people will bond with a game within the first 10 levels, or they'll just log off and never return. Why waste time levelling a role that you ultimately won't enjoy? It's in the best interest of developers to give us an experience that we expect and already love.
There's a reason why tank-healer-DPS has become shorthand for role types. It's useful!
Reason 2: Boss fight!
It's no accident that the rise of trinity-free MMOs has come hand-in-hand with the rise of solo MMOs. The trinity is at its best when applied to group encounters.
In fact, I would challenge anyone to point out a well-designed, interesting, and challenging PvE boss event that completely ignores the trinity concept. The very clever folks at ArenaNet tried it with the dungeons in Guild Wars 2, and despite their best intentions… well, dungeons they may have been but “interesting” and “challenging” they arguably were not.
Instead, without a tank or healer class, players were frequently killed in one-shot, resulting in that blunt weapon of strategies, the graveyard zerg. (For those who don't know, a graveyard zerg is when players die and repeatedly run back, throwing themselves against the monster until it dies.)
Without the potential for group interaction and specialization, encounter designers are left with extremely limited toolsets. Sure you could have adds spawn but they can't be expected to hit very hard. Enrages are dulled, and mechanics that require careful positioning of the boss are difficult, if not downright impossible, without a tank. Most fights end up being a DPS burn and instead of more granular lose conditions like running out of mana or slowly losing health, you get insta-kills.
Reason 3: Just Another DPS in the Wall
As argued above, in a trinity-free world every encounter becomes a DPS race. Without strong damage mitigation, it's less about mastering mechanics and more about burning the mobs down as quickly as possible before they can use their powers to kill you. And when every event is a nail, every player becomes a hammer.
One of the most popular arguments against the holy trinity is that it discourages diversity in classes. It's an understandable complaint: doing difficult content in a trinity-based game often requires you to focus solely on stats and skills related to your role. Jacks-of-all-trades are, at the end of the day, masters of none, and can have a hard time finding a group who wants to support their “sub-optimal” playstyle.
However, while many current trinity-free MMOs offer a fascinating selection of class abilities, it seems that in practice all players focus on one thing: doing damage. Any deviation from either doing lots of damage or enabling others to do lots of damage is frowned upon by the general playerbase.
Again, let's use Guild Wars 2 as our example. Every experienced Guild Wars 2 player knows that the metagame is DPS spec, or “Zerker Meta” because the Berserker stats result in the highest DPS output. Classes that are designed to sacrifice damage for crowd control or other neat tricks are shunned in dungeon and raid groups and often tell stories of being denied groups or even kicked out!
The trinity, it seems, is not the thing forcing players into cookie-cutter specs and roles.
Reason 4: Is There a Healer in the House?
The final argument in support of keeping the holy trinity in MMOs is admittedly a personal one. It seems that when a new game wants to ditch the trinity, it's inevitably healers that disappear. Damage must be done and to some degree mob aggro must be controlled. Healing, though, is often decentralized, giving most classes a small self-heal or Area of Effect spell, or even just a lot of health potions.
For those of us who like healing – and we exist! – this is something of a bummer, and it's not even like we can play true support classes instead, given the insistence on DPS-or-bust in a trinity-less game.
Getting rid of the holy trinity means getting rid of the healers, which means removing a fun and well-established playstyle for many players. No thank you!
There are many cases where it makes sense for a new MMO to ditch the niches of tank, healer, and DPS. A game that is designed to be played 100% solo, for example, or a game that entirely revolves around 1v1 PvP. But an MMO that has group PvE encounters is just going to benefit from sticking with the tried and true.
The holy trinity is a class framework that is familiar to players. It allows for complexity in boss encounter design, gives people the opportunity to focus on more than just damage output, and supports diverse playstyles. It is definitely worth keeping around.
Want a Differing Opinion?
Still not sure about the trinity framework in MMOs, or pretty sure it's a bad idea? Check out the other side of this debate in the post Why MMOs Should Move Past the Trinity by my fellow MMOGames writer Isarii!
Related: Article
Update March 5, 2017: After the story first broke in 2014, many reports, including this report and two stories published by The Washington Post claimed that the bodies of 800 babies had been discovered in a septic tank, however at that time, the number of bodies found had no actual count, The Washington Post reported. According to The Daily Mail, a statement issued March 3, 2017 from the Mother and Baby Homes Commission said that “significant quantities of human remains have been discovered in at least 17 of the 20 underground chambers which were examined earlier this year.” Almost 800 children had died there between 1925 and 1961, according to records, but there was only one burial record for just one child.
Additionally, the earlier version of this article from 2014 has been corrected to omit probable inaccuracies from an invalid source.
June 4, 2014 article: Inquisitr reported Tuesday about the discovery of nearly 800 bodies found “in a septic tank” on the property of a former Catholic “mother and baby home.”
Known by locals as “The Home,” it operated between the years 1925 and 1961. Records kept by the Sisters of Bon Secours reportedly noted deaths of 796 children aged from 2-days-old to 9-years-old. The diocese explained that the records of the nearly 800 children that died were all turned over long ago to the government, and are no longer accessible to the Catholic Church, Irish Times reported.
“The bones are still there,” local historian and discoverer of the nearly 800 babies' remains Catherine Corless told The Washington Post in a phone interview. “The children who died in the Home, this was them.”
The records kept by the Catholic nuns said causes of death included TB, undernourishment, pneumonia, and causes indicating neglect. The public is outraged, and demands answers.
800 babies buried in septic tank at Irish home for unmarried mothers via @YahooNews — DC IRISH MUSEUM (@DCIRISHMUSEUM) June 4, 2014
As many as 35,000 unmarried pregnant women may have been sent to one of ten homes such as the home in Tuam. If a baby survived childbirth, they were separated from the children born from wedlock. If they died, they were not given a Christian burial.
Dichotomy is still a major concern for the Catholic Church now. During the era when the home was in operation, the Catholic Church ran most of Ireland's social service programs.
Sgt. Brian Whelan, of Ireland's national police, told CNN that police are not investigating the 800 bodies found in a mass grave outside the Catholic women's home, but he did say that the bodies were not found in a septic tank, but in a mass graveyard on the grounds.
Still, according to The Telegraph, Children's Minister Charlie Flanagan said on Wednesday in a statement, “Many of the revelations are deeply disturbing and a shocking reminder of a darker past in Ireland when our children were not cherished as they should have been.”
Members of Parliament have called for an immediate investigation into the 800 bodies found in the mass grave at the abandoned Catholic facility for unwed mothers. A petition has been started imploring the Irish Prime Minister for Justice and Equality to launch a full investigation into the mass grave containing nearly 800 children or babies in the backyard of the Catholic children's home in Tuam, Co Galway.
Elizabeth ‘Pocahontas' Warren Now Rumored as Possible VP Pick for #CrookedHillary Clinton
Massachusetts Senator and fake Native American Elizabeth Warren is being considered as a running mate for Hillary Clinton, according to new reports.
The idea is that Warren would excite Bernie Sanders supporters and unite them behind Clinton. However, if Warren leaves her senate position, Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker could appoint a Republican to fill the vacancy and senate Democrats don't want that.
The Hill reports:
Reid looking into replacing Warren if she's Clinton's VP: report Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) is reviewing ways to keep Sen. Elizabeth Warren's (D-Mass.) seat blue if she becomes vice president, according to The Boston Globe. Warren is heavily rumored to be in the mix to be Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's running mate. But Massachusetts's Republican governor, Charlie Baker, could appoint a GOP replacement for Warren, potentially jeopardizing the Democrats' chances of winning control of the Seante. “Reid sees a number of promising paths to making sure that Democrats keep Warren's seat and is very open to her being selected,” a source told the Globe. Reid reportedly commissioned a review of Massachusetts law by Washington, D.C., election law attorney Marc Elias. Elias is also the general counsel for Clinton's presidential bid, and has additionally previously advised Warren on legal matters. The report said the analysis focused solely on Massachusetts, and Reid did not request a similar study of other states.
Former DNC chair Howard “The Scream” Dean isn't a fan of the idea because he thinks Warren is too old for the job.
One other problem is that Hillary Clinton is the candidate of big banks and Wall Street, which Warren claims to detest. Would Warren sell her political soul to run with Hillary?
Finally, Warren has never been vetted on the national stage. If she ends up on the ticket, all sorts of things most Americans don't know about her are going to come out.
Read the whole truth about Elizabeth Warren here.
The creative lead designer behind hit indie game The Binding of Isaac has announced he is working on a new, as of yet untitled game.
He has so far confirmed that the game will be coming to PC and Mac for sure and said that a console release is "a big possibility".
McMillian has also stated that the game will use a character from his early browser-based platformer Time Fcuk, but is in no way a sequel to that or The Binding of Isaac.
"No name yet so we are just leaking out early teases for now, all I can say is I think most would describe it as a Mega Man / Isaac-like, but a platformer with really tight controls," McMillen told Eurogamer.
McMillan is also working on another turn based puzzle RPG game called The Legend of Bum-bo and had this to say when asked about deving both simultaneously;
"Deving both at once not sure what one will be out first, but I'm quite happy with the pace of both currently they seem neck and neck but we will most likely push one back a month or two from the other when the time comes."
Check out a short teaser video of the new title on YouTube.
Last week we showed you a picture of a big Superman statue on the set of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice* and we all speculated on what it could mean. Why is there a big Superman statue in the film? Is it a dream sequence? Or are people in the world of Man of Steel thankful to Superman for his work in spurring on the Metropolis construction industry?
Batman-News thinks they know, and according to the site it's a statue thanking Supes. Seriously.
The statue was built to celebrate Superman saving the Earth in the first movie — Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice takes place about two years after the events of Man of Steel. Gotham and Metropolis news trucks and helicopters were on the scene to cover the Mayor's speech and the statue unveiling. Elementary school kids wore “Superman Survivors” shirts and helped pull a sheet off the statue for the big reveal. They also released real doves to celebrate statue unveiling.
This will probably kick up another big argument in the comments section, one that I find fascinating. Man of Steel seems to be a real Rorscach test. I think there's no reconciling the two positions, and I'm not sure how much of that comes from some people being very protective of the historic representation of Superman (the protector) and how much of that comes from some people not exactly understanding how the portrayal of the destruction reads (the military distrusting Superman is played as kind of silly, underscored by the female soldier finding him hot). I think there's a fundamental sloppiness to the film that makes it impossible for either side to really score convincing points; stuff like Pa Kent going on and on about how humans will react to Clark and then not paying that off in any fashion whatsoever is the problem. The film brings a pre-9/11 sensibility to destruction while using 9/11 imagery, so it becomes jarring.
Some speculated that this was on purpose and that Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice* would pick up that thread, but I know for a fact that the filmmakers were shocked by the reaction they got to the chaos in Metropolis. Have they rolled with that reaction and incorporated it into the new film? Judging by this statue, I'd say they didn't.
* Actual movie title.
By Dan Gilgoff and Dan Merica, CNN
(CNN) - An atheist group that raised a pair of billboards taking aim at the presidential candidates' religion at the site of next month's Democratic National Convention has pulled the signs after what the group called a “large volume of threats.”
The billboards, sponsored by American Atheists, took aim at Mormonism and Christianity and went up this month in Charlotte, North Carolina, which will play host to the Democratic convention.
Presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney is a Mormon, and President Barack Obama is also a Christian.
The billboard targeting Christianity featured an image of Jesus Christ on toast and this description of the faith: "Sadistic God; Useless Savior, 30,000+ Versions of ‘Truth,' Promotes Hates, Calls it ‘Love.' ”
Follow the CNN Belief Blog on Twitter
The billboard targeting Mormonism lambasted - and, Mormons would say, distorted - specific Mormon doctrines: "God is a Space Alien, Baptizes Dead People, Big Money, Big Bigotry.”
The Mormon billboard featured a man in white underwear, a reference to special Mormon garments.
American Atheists said the billboards provoked a “large volume of threats” by phone and e-mail and that the group reported the threats to police.
CNN's Belief Blog: The faith angles behind the biggest stories
“It is with regret that we tell our members and all of those who treasure free speech and the separation of religion and government that American Atheists and Adams Outdoor Advertising have mutually agreed to remove the billboards immediately,” Amanda Knief, American Atheists' managing director, said in a statement last week.
“No subject, no idea should be above scrutiny - and this includes religion in all forms,” Knief said. “We are saddened that by choosing to express our rights as atheists through questioning the religious beliefs of the men who want to be our president that our fellow citizens have responded with vitriol, threats and hate speech against our staff, volunteers and Adams Outdoor Advertising.”
American Atheists had wanted to put the anti-Mormon billboard in Tampa, Florida, to coincide with this week's Republican National Convention.
When no billboard company in the city would lease the group space for such a sign, American Atheists President David Silverman said the organization decided to focus solely on the Democrats in Charlotte.
Missy K. Runs a little small - I ordered an xs and it fits, but it's tighter than i expected. Other than that it's great!
Corey M. I got the Weekend Flannel and Fire tee and I absolutely love it. It just how I like my tees to fit, not too tight and not too loose. The material is very comfortable, soft, and not too heavy for those warm days. Not only is the fit and comfort good, but the design of Weekend Tees is remarkable. They have such unique and inspiring designs! I would definitely recommend purchasing a tee from them!
Monica D. Love the softness of the fabric and great service! I love that you guys reach out via facebook messenger and are so prompt! I originally got the wrong size and you guys sent a replacement free of charge so I could compare sizes and it was no hassle on my end. LOVE IT!!! you guys rock and thank you!
Zander I. Great shirt!
Between agents shopping their players around, players shopping themselves around, and clubs leaking information in order to cloud the trail of their true targets, there are always wild rumors regarding player transfers at this time of the year. Summer, it seems, brings green leaves, rain, unicorns, and phrases like “Seydou Doumbia is a transfer target for Arsenal.”
Sussing out which transfer targets are more likely to be real and which are more likely to be fantasy is nigh impossible. But you can look at the qualities that a player possesses (numerically) and see if they match up with current Arsenal players. I use this as a tool to gauge whether or not a player is even a realistic target for Arsenal.
Last summer, Arsenal were linked with a number of center-halfs like Gary Cahill, Neven Subotic, Phil Jagielka, Per Mertesacker (the reports on him coming to Arsenal were very subdued), and Scott Dann. Being the kind of guy that I am*, I simply compared these players' numbers and quickly came to the conclusion that Arsenal's most likely targets were Cahill and Mertesacker.
As you know, Arsenal bid on Cahill and eventually landed Mertesacker. All of which is to say that you should listen to the numbers some times, because they indicate players like Scott Dann and Christopher Samba were never Arsenal targets.
Which leads me to this summer and the spate of articles indicating that Arsene Wenger is finally in the market for a center mid and more specifically, that we are looking at Yann M'Vila and Nigel de Jong. I will admit that both of these players being linked to Arsenal took me by surprise: M'Vila for the price tag that was being bandied about and de Jong because he really hasn't played at all this year.
(Click here for full size image)
As you can see in the chart above, I compared current Arsenal central midfielders Song and Arteta with a number of possible players who could come in and perform similar tasks: the 2010-2011 Wilshere and de Jong; and M'Vila, Gonalons, and Bruno (Villareal, not the movie) from this season.
It's important to note that Gonalons and Bruno have not been linked to Arsenal this season. I just liked their numbers and they are both going to be available for very cheap this Summer. Gonalons was basically dumped back on Real Madrid and Bruno's Villareal getting relegated. I also want to see if me mentioning Gonalons and Bruno here will create a story in the papers, because that would be hilarious if it happened.
There are players who have been linked to the club, like the Uzbek captain and Anzhi Makhachkala defensive mid Odil Ahmedov, but there are no numbers for me to dig up on them so I have left them out.
As I looked at M'Vila's numbers it was clear that from a numerical standpoint M'Vila would fit right in to the Arsenal system and would add a great deal defensively to the Arsenal midfield.
M'Vila's passing numbers are more than acceptable; he leads the French league in both passes per game and was second in long balls per game. I can't make that long ball stat sound any better than to point out it's usually goalkeepers who top that list in all leagues and it's just M'Vila and Andrea Pirlo who play in midfield and yet hit an astonishing number of accurate long balls.
He also shows good vision in the number of accurate through balls he's played and in the number of key passes. Yes, he only managed 2 assists from all of that forward play but you have to remember that Rennes only scored 53 goals this season and their top scorer was Ekoko with just 10 goals. Song's 11 assists stands out but most of those assists went to Golden Boot winner Robin van Persie.
His ball control is also exceptional. To have 2730 passes and only get dispossessed 28 times is incredible. Song had fewer passes and nearly double the number of times the opposition took the ball away from him. Bruno is tops in not giving away possession but look at Arteta, de Jong, and M'Vila and you see that all three of those players keep possession for their teams very well.
Meanwhile, M'Vila's defensive numbers are mind-boggling. I mean that my mind actually boggled! What you want from a defensive midfielder is high numbers in tackles and interceptions and low numbers in fouls committed and number of times that the opposition dribbled around you. M'Vila nearly is peerless in that. Bruno's interception and opp. dribbled numbers are tremendous but a lot of that is down to playing in La Liga where “interceptions are the new tackle” and all the dribblers are concentrated in one team. Still, props to him for only being dribbled on 17 times.
Of course there's no way to tell how well a player would make the transition from one league to another. So, what you look for are players who have the tools to succeed in other leagues and based on what I see above, M'Vila would do well at Arsenal. I would go a step further and say that even at a reported £17m he's a bit of a bargain in the current market.
Whether Arsenal will buy him (or anyone) or whether the club will rely on Wilshere, Song, Arteta, Ramsey, Frimpong, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Rosicky, Diaby, and Coquelin in central midfield is anyone's guess but I would love to see M'Vila at Arsenal.
7am
Follow Tim on Twitter @7amkickoff and on 7amkickoff.com
*The kind of guy who you all LOVE.
A North Korean missile fired from the east coast of the country Sunday “blew up almost immediately,” officials said.
The U.S. Pacific Command said the missile, which came near the city of Sinpo, “blew up almost immediately,” but the type of missile was still being assessed.
The failure came one day after Pyongyang celebrated one of the biggest propaganda events of the year – the 105th birthday of the late North Korea founder Kim Il Sung, Kim Jong-un's grandfather.
The failed launch also comes ahead of Vice President Pence's arrival in Seoul, South Korea for talks about how to handle Kim's regime. Pence had been in contact with President Trump about the test.
Trump did not release a statement on the launch. Defense Secretary Mattis said Trump and his military team "are aware of North Korea's most recent unsuccessful missile launch. The president has no further comment."
Washington and Seoul were trying to determine what North Korea exactly launched. North Korea regularly fires short-range missiles, but it is also developing mid-range and long-range missiles meant to target U.S. troops in Asia and, eventually, the U.S. mainland. North Korea is thought to have a small arsenal of atomic bombs and an impressive array of short- and medium-range missiles.
Tensions on the Korean Peninsula have quickly risen over the last week as the U.S. and South Korean conduct it is largest-ever war games and while the USS Carl Vinson steams toward waters off the coast.
Another missile test from Sinpo failed earlier this month, when the rocket spun out of control and plunged into the ocean. That launch came shortly before Trump's first meeting with Chinese leader Xi Jinping. China is North Korea's only major ally.
The extended-range Scud missile in that earlier launch suffered an in-flight failure and fell into the sea off North Korea's east coast, according to U.S. imagery and assessments.
Despite Sunday's failure, the North's previous claim to have used "standardized" warheads has led to worries that it was making headway in its push to develop small and sophisticated warheads to be topped on long-range missiles.
Washington sees North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles as a threat to world security and to its Asian allies, Japan and South Korea. The United States, South Korea and other countries have vowed to apply more pressure on the North, but so far nothing has worked to stop Pyongyang's nuclear program.
Six-nation negotiations on dismantling North Korea's nuclear program in exchange for aid fell apart in early 2009.
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and Jen Bowman and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
At Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH), we try to achieve the highest standards in our clinical care and also in the services we provide for children, young people and families. We want to exceed your expectations so we try to improve what we do and how we do it all the time.
For more information about how the data you submit will be used please refer to the Trust's privacy policy
You can help us by telling us about your experience at GOSH – we want to hear your comments, compliments, concerns and complaints. What you and your child experience when you come to GOSH matters to us. We want to provide the best experience possible during what we realise must be a difficult time in your lives.
How likely are you to recommend our ward to friends and family if they need similar care or treatment? * - Select - Extremely likely Likely Neither likely nor unlikely Unlikely Extremely unlikely Do not know
Yes – you can publish quotes from my answers in documents within GOSH ( ) (optional)
Yes – you can publish quotes from my answers in documents published outside GOSH including online ( ) (optional)
Are you a parent, carer or patient? * - Select - Parent Carer Patient
Your Age (optional)
Which ward did you visit? * - Select - Alligator Anaesthetic Pre-Op Assessment Audiology Bear and Bear HDU Bumblebee Butterfly Caterpillar Chameleon Cheetah Child and Adolescent Mental Health (CAMHS) Children's Acute Transport Service (CATS) CT (Radiology) Dental and Maxillofacial Eagle Acute Eagle Haemodialysis Elephant Flamingo Fox Gastro Endoscopy Suite Giraffe Haemophilia Centre Hare Hedgehog Hippo Interventional Radiology Kangaroo Kingfisher Koala Leopard Lion Lung Function Unit Magpie Manta Ray Mildred Creak MRI (Radiology) NICU Nightingale Ward Nuclear Medicine (Radiology) Otter (Radiology) Outpatients Phlebotomy Panda Panther Urology Panther Ward Pelican Daycare Pelican Rehabilitation Pelican Physiotherapy PICU Possum Puffin Respiratory Sleep Unit Rhino Robin Safari – Daycare Safari – Outpatient Sky Somers Clinical Research Facility Squirrel Endocrinology / Metabolic Squirrel Gastroenterology Starfish Theatres Turtle (Radiology) Urodynamics Daycare Walrus - Daycare Walrus – Outpatients Woodpecker X-Ray (Radiology) Zebra
Were you shown around the ward or department and introduced to members of the team caring for you ? (optional) - Select - Yes No
Were you as involved as you wanted in care decisions? (optional) - Select - Yes No Don't know
I had enough information about what would happen next and any other care I may need (optional) - Select - Yes No
Are your day-to-day activities limited because of a health problem or disability which has lasted, or is expected to last, at least 12 months? (optional) - Select - Prefer not to say Yes, limited a lot Yes, limited a little No
Which of these conditions has the biggest impact on your day-to-day activities? - Select - Communication Hearing impairment Learning disability Long standing illness, such as heart disease, diabetes, epilepsy Mental health Mobility or coordination Visual impairment Other disability (please specify)
Describe the other disability
Your Gender (optional) - Select - Prefer not to say Female Male I think of myself as (please specify)
I think of myself as: (optional)
Your Ethnicity (optional) - Select - Prefer not to say Asian or Asian British Bangladeshi Asian or Asian British Indian Asian or Asian British Pakistani Any other Asian background Mixed White and Asian Black or Black British African Black or Black British Caribbean Any other Black background Mixed White and Black African Mixed White and Black Caribbean Any other mixed background Chinese or other ethnic group White British Any other ethnic group Any other White background Other (please specify)
Other Ethnicity (optional)
Your First Name (optional)
Your Last Name (optional)
Your Contact Email (optional)
Your Contact Number (optional)
August 10, 2013 – September 7, 2013
Oracle B*Sides presents PINK MILK, a new play by Alex Paul Young, in a co-production with White Elephant, a new Chicago theatre collective.
PINK MILK is a drama infused with dance inspired by the life of Alan Turing, the British mathematician known as the father of modern computers, this poetic and compelling new play is directed by Brandon Powers.Alan is a lonely, gay, Snow White obsessed boy genius who meets Christopher, a gentle boy with a passion for piano as deep as Alan's passion for pi. Their intellects clash in a symphony of science and art. And as soon as he is there, Christopher is gone. Alan grows older building technology to replace his lost love. Until the fateful day Alan meets Arnold, a reckless boy seemingly with a passion for Alan. But Arnold's sensual and supposed princely promise leads to the poisoned apple that causes Alan's life to spiral out of control. Through movement, poetry and music, PINK MILK is an experience that explores a rich fantasy world while navigating complex topics from our present reality. “As a reaction to the media's coverage of Tyler Clementi's suicide, I wanted to explore the emotional truth of the life of Alan Turing, whose avant-garde approach to computer science was stunted by society's refusal to include his queer lifestyle into their world,” says playwright Alex Paul Young.
Hailed by Newcity Stage as one of the Top 5 New Plays of 2012, Mr. Young wrote PINK MILK while pursuing his undergraduate degree at Northwestern University. After its initial premiere on campus by the student group Vertigo Productions, the play journeyed to FringeNYC and Chicago Fringe, where it saw sold-out performances and enthusiastic feedback. Now, PINK MILK is coming back to Chicago as a part of Oracle B*Sides, presented for free in Public Access Theatre.
White Elephant is a theatre collective that curates immersive experiences that break theatrical form to bring people together across disciplines and communities.
The Cast
Aaron Stephenson as Alan
Cole Doman as Christopher
Charlie Kolarich as Arnold/Mr. Turing
Darren Barrere as The Experiments
Jessica Dean Turner as The Authority Figures
Caitlin Collins as The Mothers
Carrie Drapac as The Inanimate Objects
Casey Hartley (u/s)
Amelia Hefferon (u/s)
Scott Shimizu (u/s)
Justin Leider (u/s)
The creative team features Emma Pardini (Scenic & Prop Design), Jessica Carson (Lighting Design), Cassandra Bowers (Costume Design), and Juli Del Prete (Graphic Design). Rachel Stubblefield-Tave is Stage Manager. Rachel Birnbaum and Louis Schermerhorn are Producers. Alex Paul Young, Breanne Ward, Abby Schwarz and Naomi Rosen are White Elephant theatre collective members. David Boren is Director of Programming for Oracle Productions, and Ben Fuchsen is Executive Producer.
Follow our updates on facebook.com/pinkmilkplay
CSGO ‎ > ‎ Hud ‎ > ‎ CompetitiveHUD v1.2.3 ***Please find English version below***
v1.2.3
created by spddl conception by HYPER This HUD is officially allowed in: CS:GO Matchmaking, ESL, ESEA, CEVO
Kein raussuchen mehr von Auflö sung, Seitenverhältnis und Hud_scale nun wird alles per Koordinaten in der Konsole eingestellt (vergesst nicht das auch in die csgo\cfg\CompetitiveHUD.cfg zuschreiben)
Changelog
- Es gibt nun eine hp-Bar die den Avatar ins schwarze ausblendet um soweniger hp er hat - Es gibt nun eine hp-Bar die den Avatar ins schwarze ausblendet um soweniger hp er hat - Ihr könnt die Bombe & das Defkit per CompetitiveHUD_BombDefkitX & Y überall hin verschieben
- Ihr könnt die Avatare per CompetitiveHUD_PlayerCountTimeX & Y überall hin verschieben
- Ihr könnt das Radar per CompetitiveHUD_RadarLocationX & Y überall hin verschieben
- Es lässt sich die Radar Location einblenden - Es lässt sich die Runden und die Uhr ausblenden lassen
***********
You can change the Hud things with simply commands. You can just change the commands in the console. (Don't forget to write this in csgo\cfg\CompetitiveHUD.cfg if you change something!)
Changelog
There is now an HP bar.
You can change to defuse kit + bomb hud to any direction that you want. (CompetitiveHUD_BombDefkitX & Y)
You can change the avatar hud to any direction that you want. (CompetitiveHUD_PlayerCountTimeX & Y)
You can change the radar hud to any direction that you want. (Y,X)
You can enable/disable the radar Location.
You can enable/disable the round and the roundtime clock.
Download
How to setup Competitive HUD 1.2.3
- - -
v1.2.2 more information at myHYPER.de
created by spddl conception by HYPER This HUD is officially allowed in: CS:GO Matchmaking, ESL, ESEA, CEVO Troubleshoot: #1 The hud didn't work after a CS:GO Update - Please reinstall the complete hud. Changelog : - whole HUD-size was reduced to improve visibility - money replaced below the radar - added background for money to improve visibility - HUD shows up to 4 grenades now - HUD shows your killstreak now - added a automatic demo-record-option in menu (demos will be named in this way: “day_month_year_hour_minute.dem”) - fixed MAG-7 icon - inventory menu changed color into white - various icons changed color into white hud_scaling .95
4:3 z.b. 640x480, 800x600, 1024x768, 1152x864, 1280x960
16:9 z.b. 852x480, 1280x720, 1600x900, 1920x1080
16:10 z.b. 1280x800, 1440x900, 1680x1050
if you use a different “Hud_scale” please click here, too
reddit thread - modification request
Hello, im offering this complete new CompetitiveHUD for CS:GO players. Its free. There is now an HP bar.You can change to defuse kit + bomb hud to any direction that you want. (CompetitiveHUD_BombDefkitX & Y)You can change the avatar hud to any direction that you want. (CompetitiveHUD_PlayerCountTimeX & Y)You can change the radar hud to any direction that you want. (Y,X)You can enable/disable the radar Location.You can enable/disable the round and the roundtime clock. - Es lässt sich die Runden und die Uhr ausblenden lassen***********You can change the Hud things with simply commands. You can just change the commands in the console. (Don't forget to write this inif you change something!)
Twitch Streams: ModdingStream GamingStream
The 2012-2013 season will bring the Alabama Crimson Tide new basketball uniforms. Pictures appeared online a couple weeks ago featuring players like Andrew Steele, Levi Randolph, and Trevor Releford in the new uniforms.
Although the team pictures only feature the Tide's white home kit, photos later surfaced of the crimson away kit as well.
The new jerseys feature the Nike Hyper Elite styling of a narrower, streamline cut, and a new material base for a lighter feel. The back of the jerseys feature an Alabama specific aerographic print which includes Coleman Coliseum, a tidal wave, and the phrase “Roll Tide.”
Levi Randolph is also pictured with an arm sleeve that appears to have the same aerographic print that includes the Alabama Capstone logo.
The new uniforms are a welcomed change to the Crimson Tide's basketball team. Alabama has been one of Nike's flagship programs for years, but usually keeps a more traditional look. Alabama will join basketball powers like Kentucky, Duke, Arizona, Syracuse, and North Carolina in the Nike Hyper Elite basketball family.
Click the photos below to enlarge:
Photo Credit: @AlabamaHoops.
Follow Nick on Twitter.
Juicy Fruit is a brand of chewing gum made by the Wrigley Company, a U.S. company that since 2008 has been a subsidiary of the privately held Mars, Incorporated. It was introduced in 1893, and in the 21st century the brand name is recognized by 99 percent of Americans, with total sales in 2002 of 153 million units.[1]
Description [ edit ]
Metal advertising sign.
Flavoring [ edit ]
Which fruit serves as the model for its flavor is kept vague in advertising, though in 2003, advertising agency BBDO characterized it as a combination of banana and pineapple,[1] and some people[2] say it resembles jackfruit. According to two books in the Imponderables series, peach is one crucial flavor among many others.[3][4]
It is likely that the chemical used for flavoring is isoamyl acetate (sometimes known as banana oil), a carboxylic ester.[5]
Consumer demographics [ edit ]
The average age of the typical Juicy Fruit consumer is under 20, with three to eleven year olds making up the heart of the business; those twenty years old and over account for 40% of the purchases.[1]
Sean Payton, head coach of the New Orleans Saints of the NFL is well known for requesting Juicy Fruit in the middle of games.
New flavors [ edit ]
Juicy Fruit has just released a "Sweet Flavors" Kiwi-Strawberry flavor. They have also released Juicy Fruit Desserts. There are four variations of Desserts: Orange Creme Pop, Strawberry Shortcake, Lemon Square and Apple Pie. Juicy Fruit also has released Juicy Secret and Juicy Riddle which are both sugar free. Beginning in 2015, Juicy Fruit released two new flavors based on Starburst candy: Strawberry and Cherry.[6] In December 2017, Juicy Fruit introduced Juicy Fruit Mixies which include their Original flavor along with three new flavors: Strawberry, Watermelon and Grape.
Ingredients [ edit ]
Juicy Fruit gum consists mostly of sugar contained in a synthetic gum base. Other ingredients include corn syrup and dextrose as bulk agents and natural sweeteners, natural and artificial flavorings, glycerol and lecithin as softening agents, aspartame (NutraSweet) and acesulfame K as artificial sweeteners, Yellow Lake 5 as a coloring and BHT as a preservative.
History [ edit ]
When William Wrigley Jr. started his new business in Chicago, he began by selling his father's Scouring Soap, which he would entice customers to purchase by adding a free gift of baking powder. Unfortunately for Wrigley Jr., this ended up being far more popular than the Scouring Soap, so he switched to begin production and sales of baking powder. In 1892, Wrigley Jr. decided to give his baking powder customers a free gift, this time, attaching a few sticks of chewing gum to the box of baking powder.
The chewing gum was far more popular than the baking powder, so Wrigley Jr. again switched his business to production and sales of chewing gum. In 1893, Wrigley Jr. introduced a new flavor of gum, Juicy Fruit, which helped the Wrigley Company to become the most popular and successful chewing gum company in the world.[7]
A Juicy Fruit wrapper from 1946, described on the package as a "fascinating artificial flavor".
When the brand first entered the market, it was packaged simply, with a plain wrapper and "JUICY FRUIT" in red, thin block letters. In 1914, Wrigley changed it to thin vertical white and green stripes with "Wrigley's Juicy Fruit Chewing Gum" centered in a stylized Maltese Cross emblem with a black background.[8]
Juicy Fruit was taken off of the civilian market temporarily during World War II because of ingredient shortages and the demand for the gum to be included in C-rations. When the gum was re introduced to the general public after World War II ended, the striped packaging was replaced by one with a bright yellow background and "Juicy Fruit" bracketed between two stylized chevrons, the latter a motif meant to echo the "Wrigley arrow" element used for Wrigley's Spearmint since 1893.[8]
The bright yellow background remained into the 21st century, with variations since 2002 turning the arrowhead like chevrons into the corners of an elongated smile under the brand name.[8] Juicy Fruit is still widely popular today.[citation needed]
In 2003 in the United States, Wrigley's replaced some of the sugar in Juicy Fruit with two artificial sweeteners, aspartame and Ace K.
In 2009, Wrigley's started selling a sugar free version of Juicy Fruit.[citation needed]
In Truman Capote's In Cold Blood, Juicy Fruit is cited as the preferred gum choice of Perry Smith, one of the two men who killed the Clutter family in Kansas in 1959.
"Grapefruit—Juicy Fruit" is a song written and performed by American popular music singer songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was first released on his 1973 album A White Sport Coat and a Pink Crustacean and was his third single from that album. The single reached #23 on the Billboard Easy Listening chart in September 1973.
Juicy Fruit is mentioned in the Regina Spektor song "Wallet", from her album Far.
It is referenced in the film One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest by Chief Bromden: "Mmm, Juicy Fruit".
It also features in the 1983 song "Juicy Fruit" by Mtume.[9] Separately, a catchy Juicy Fruit jingle—"the taste, the taste, the taste is going to move ya!"—was widely recognizable in TV advertisements throughout the 1980s.
References [ edit ]
Conor McGregor is currently training in Dublin for his mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather. The two-division UFC champion has brought in a few sparring partners to help him prepare for the next few weeks of training in Ireland, before eventually moving their camp over to the United States when the fight gets closer.
Four of the sparring partners tasked to help him prepare for Mayweather have been revealed to the public, and info on the boxers can be seen below.
Tiernan Bradley
When McGregor needed a sparring partner to emulate the tall and lanky Nate Diaz in the past, his connections to the Irish Olympic boxing team referred him to Conor Wallace. Now that he's preparing for Mayweather, Wallace reffered him to a young up-and-comer in Tiernan Bradley.
Bradley is a 20-year-old Irish boxer with over a hundred amateur bouts to his name. He is the 2015 Commonwealth Youth Games silver medalist, and a 2017 Irish elite semi-finalist. Perhaps more importantly, he grew up idolizing Floyd Mayweather and has been trying to pattern his style off the sure-fire hall-of-famer for years.
“I hope I can bring that amateur style to the camp and to Conor's preparations. Professionals tend to be a bit more flat-footed, whereas I would tend to try and be on my toes a bit more,” he told the Irish News. “Obviously I'm not saying I'm like Mayweather, but hopefully I can bring some qualities that are similar to Mayweather.”
He is currently under contract to be a sparring partner for the next two weeks, and has already gone at least 9 rounds with the UFC champ as of this writing.
Love it! At least I know I can take a punch! @TheNotoriousMMA pic.twitter.com/D3F6jmk00E — Tiernan Bradley (@Tiernan_Bradley) June 28, 2017
You can watch Bradley's more recent bouts below. While he seems more offensive than the defense-first fighter in Floyd, he does bring some traits that can help McGregor get used to some of the things that Mayweather will bring.
The second fighter to be revealed to the public is Dashon Johnson. The 29-year-old is 9-2 in MMA and is a two-fight UFC veteran. While he didn't get far during his UFC stint, he is much better as a boxer.
He has 47 professional boxing bouts to his name, winning a couple of regional titles and being known as a talented gatekeeper in the process. His 22-21-3 overall record may not the most impressive of resumes, but he has found a good spot as a trusted and reliable sparring partner for high level boxers.
Johnson had also been assigned to emulate Mayweather in the past, as the 5-foot-9 fighter joined Manny Pacquiao's camp to prepare the Filipino for their 2015 bout. He will look to continue to do the same as he spars with McGregor in the Dublin stretch of their fight camp.
“I was fortunate enough to be a part of the biggest boxing fight in history against Floyd Mayweather,” Johnson wrote on social media. “Now I'll be part of this mega-fight which should surpass all records. I will give every ounce of me to make sure McGregor is at his best so we can really make history.”
McGregor has posted photos of his recent sparring with Johnson, where he also hinted at switching stances.
I am here A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Jun 26, 2017 at 12:48pm PDT
Right hook. Orthodox. A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Jun 26, 2017 at 12:50pm PDT
Watch Johnson's win from 2015 below:
Jay Byrne
Perhaps the least known of McGregor's sparring partners is local fighter Jay Byrne. He's a 30-year-old soccer player, who also doubles as a manager and pro-boxer. The Irish fighter made his professional debut a year ago, and has already compiled a 5-2 record in that stretch.
Byrne dropped a decision to British Olympic boxer Josh Kelly last April, and got back to the winning track last May. He also pulled out of a recent bout against yet another Olympian to rehab an injury, before eventually training with McGregor in Dublin.
ghosty gonna getcha pic.twitter.com/wF6y7pw8ec — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 27, 2017
Watch his win from last February below. He doesn't seem to share many of Mayweather's attributes, but as with the norm in boxing, some sparring partners are just there to help give the fighter different looks and much needed rounds.
McGregor will be moving his camp to the United States in a few weeks and he is expected to spar with a new group of people as well.
UPDATE:
Louis Adolphe
Also part of McGregor's camp in Dublin is Louis Adolphe. The British boxer is undefeated since starting his career in 2014, and currently has a professional record of 6-0. He's a 25-year-old welterweight with a 5-foot-9 frame and a 175 cm reach, which makes him just a tad bigger than Mayweather.
He relies on speed, technique and footwork more than power, which could help McGregor with quality rounds even if he doesn't necessarily fight like Floyd does. You can watch his last win from this May below.
Waiting sucks, but it's always rewarding when True Blood finally makes it back onto the air. HBO's vampire drama kept fans wondering all year about the fate of many of the residents of Bon Temps, from what Bill (Stephen Moyer) and Eric (Alexander Skarsgard) would do after killing a member of the Vampire Authority to the fate of Tara (Rutina Wesley), who had been shot by an angry werewolf.
PHOTOS: 'True Blood' Season 5 First Look Photos
Season 5's premiere was quick to reward patient fans by throwing the show's characters straight into action the moment the show began on Sunday, June 10. In normal True Blood style, no time has passed in the character's lives, and things pick up right after the final seconds of season 4.
Here's a rundown of the most note-worthy developments from Sunday's episode:
[Warning: Spoilers ahead.]
Tara is being turned.
"What happens to Tara?" was the biggest question after the season 4 finale. She'd been shot by Debbie, and was pretty much dead. At the start of season 5, we discover that Sookie (Anna Paquin) and Lafayette (Nelsan Ellis) enlist Pam (Kristin Bauer van Straten) to turn Tara into a vampire. Yes, Tara has always hated vampires, but it's the only way to keep her alive (sort of). So, they bury Tara and Pam in the earth, and wait, and wait, and wait, and then in the final moments of the episode, vampire Tara bursts out from the earth. How will the new Tara compare to the old human Tara? Hopefully, we'll find out next week.
PHOTOS: 'True Blood' Season 5 Character Posters: 'Everything Is at Stake'
Reverend Steve is back... and gay.
Reverend Steve Newlin (Michael McMillian) had shown up on Jason Stackhouse's (Ryan Kwanten) doorstep in the final moments of season 4. But now he's a vampire. After glamoring the often-easily-tricked Jason into letting him into his house, Steve reveals another surprise. He likes men. Specifically, Jason. When Jason doesn't accept the reverend's advances, Steve gets a little mad, but luckily Jason has Jessica (Deborah Ann Woll) to come to his aid.
Eric has a sister.
Eric has friends in high places, namely a sister (they have the same maker, Godric) in the Vampire Authority. When Bill and Eric are grabbed by the Authority and stuffed into a trunk after killing Vampire Authority member Nan, they eventually escape by blowing the car up. It's then revealed that Eric's sister, Nora Gainsborough (Lucy Griffiths) had planned to help them escape all along. She takes them to an empty shipping container to sleep for the day, where she and Eric get to spend some quality time together. "We fight like siblings, but we f--- like champions," he explains.
Sam has a werewolf problem.
Sam Merlotte (Sam Trammell) was surrounded by wolves at the end of season 4, and it turns out they are pissed because they think he killed their packmaster, Marcus. They really want to find his body, so they dabble in a little torture to get Sam to talk. Even though Sam wasn't the one who killed Marcus, he claims he is because he wants to protect Alcide (Joe Manganiello).
Terry's visitor is the bearer of bad news.
Terry Bellefleur (Todd Lowe) had a visitor from his Marine days appear at the end of season 4. Patrick Devins (Scott Foley) isn't stopping by just for a friendly chat, however. He's on a mission to find out who is burning down the homes of his former Marine buddies. "One squad, four fires, that has to be a hell of a coincidence," Patrick says. This new mystery is sure to lead Terry down a dark path into his past, and perhaps to the root of his PTSD.
The season 5 opener planted a lot of new seeds for the upcoming season. How will Tara react to being a vampire? What will Alcide do if he finds out Sookie killed Debbie? What role will new vampire Reverend Steve play in Bon Temps? How will Eric and Bill deal with the repercussions of killing a member of The Authority? And what does the return of baddie vamp Russell Edgington mean for the survival of vampires and humans alike?
Email: Rebecca.ford@thr.com; Twitter: @Beccamford
Language speaks us. Much as I hate quoting that post-modern cliché, it captures the truth that certain words and phrases become so deeply inlaid in our everyday conversation that we are scarcely able to realize their ideological slant.
As a prime example, I offer the wave of investigations that the United States and other countries undertook into Communist subversion and espionage in the Cold War years. Well, that description is a little wordy, so let's just use the convenient short-hand that has become so standard: the McCarthy witch hunts.
It's concise, it's memorable, everyone knows what you mean by it -- and it's utterly wrong. In its way, the whole "witch-hunt" idea is a highly religious concept, rooted as it is in the history of supernatural thought and demonology. But beyond this, it has acquired the status of an infallible dogma of political faith, to err from which is damnable heresy.
For a current example, look at the most recent New York Review of Books, in which Adam Hochschild reviews a book on the FBI's war in the 1960s against student radicalism, chiefly at Berkeley. Hochschild declares that American Communism scarcely existed as a real force. It "never controlled a major city or region, or even elected a single member to the national legislature." The real danger, instead, was American anti-Communism, which "witch-hunted dissidents in Hollywood, universities, and government departments; and was a force that politicians like Joseph McCarthy and Richard Nixon rode to great prominence."
To speak of a witch-hunt evokes a whole mythological system. In the original witch-hunts of sixteenth or seventeenth century Europe, thousands of innocent people were tried and punished for crimes of which they were not just innocent, but which were actively impossible, such as riding on the back of a goat to a personal meeting with Satan. Witch panics served to focus fears and anxieties within hungry and war-torn communities in desperate need of scapegoats.
Real witches, by definition, did not exist.
And that is the implication of the phrase when applied to the twentieth century. When Congressional committees dragooned left-wing activists before them to answer humiliating questions, they were (we think) investigating imaginary crimes by non-existent witches. This picture is consecrated in American culture by Arthur Miller's heavy-handed allegory, The Crucible. Once you accept the witch-hunt idea, you have a ready-made system of near-diabolic villains, and a heroic martyrology of saints and innocent sufferers.
In the Communist case, though, the "witches" really did exist, and genuinely posed a threat. For some thirty years now, we have had excellent historical studies by such scholars as Ronald Radosh, Allen Weinstein, John Earl Haynes and Hervey Klehr, and they demonstrate a picture of American Communism absolutely at variance with the myth. At its height in the 1930s, the US Communist Party had at least 75,000 open members, including many well placed in key strategic industries. There was also a penumbra of clandestine members, of unknown scale.
That party was never in any sense an autonomous political organization, as it existed as a wholly owned and lavishly funded subsidiary of the Soviet Union. Now, supporting a foreign country is one thing, but giving it active aid to the point of espionage and sabotage is another, and that was the primary purpose of U.S. Communism as a movement. (That observation obviously does not apply to the intentions of most ordinary members, who were gullible rather than malicious).
If that statement about the movement seems far-fetched, then you are probably not familiar with the evidence of VENONA, the highly successful effort of US and other Western intelligence agencies to decipher the secret communications of their Soviet counterparts from the mid-1940s onwards.
VENONA shows beyond doubt that the Soviet Union did mount a massive espionage effort against the United States, and that Soviet agencies recruited large numbers of Americans, including some at high levels of government. Alger Hiss was a spy, as were the Rosenbergs. If FDR had died before 1944, his successor would have been Vice President Henry Wallace, who identified Laurence Duggan as his potential Secretary of State, and Harry Dexter White as his Treasury Secretary. Duggan and White were both Soviet spies. Quite apart from the many known cases, VENONA reveals the existence of several hundred more Americans who worked for the Soviets, but who still remain unidentified.
The "witch hunts" of course began long before McCarthy's rise to prominence, and arguably had done far more to dismantle the Soviet spy threat than the Senator from Wisconsin. Anti-Communist purges were in fact at their height under the Democratic Truman administration. They reached new heights after 1950 not because of the rise of a new demagogue, but because the U.S. was at open war with Communist forces in Korea, with the daily expectation of an imminent escalation against the Soviets -- who had tested a nuclear bomb the previous year. In such a dire situation, it was natural to expect a domestic sabotage campaign by those Soviet assets on American soil who could most easily be found within the ranks of the Communist Party.
In the 1950s, unlike the 1650s, the "witches" were quite real and deadly dangerous, and any government that failed to seek them out and neutralize them would have been signally failing in its basic duty of national self-preservation. It made excellent sense to ask exactly who was, or recently had been, a Communist, and the obvious way to do that was to track their political views over the previous decade or so. In what sense could investigate such a record be called a witch-hunt?
Frankly, I'm not too hopeful about laying the "witch" mythology to rest, because it is so firmly established in our political discourse, not to mention in popular culture. And whether we're dealing with secular or religious believers, it rarely makes sense to argue with strict fundamentalists.
The Nintendo Switch's News app has formally announced the first Pokkén Tournament DX official Group Match: the FSBC Aura Blast Cup! The event will take place this Friday, November 17, and will last until Monday, November 20.
There is a Participation Prize for all entrants, as well as four special Ranking Prizes for the top competitors! Remember, this is the only way to get these special titles. Seeing as this is the first official Group Match, the competition is sure to be fierce. Players will need to be at their best to earn one of the special Ranking Prizes!
The official announcement details the start and end dates, prizes, and more information about the event.
The full details for the event are as follows:
Dates
Start: 11/17/17 3AM PT
End: 11/20/17 7PM PT
Note: Battles will only be ranked between 3AM and 7PM PT each day.
Participation Prize
Note: To earn the Participation Prize, players must play one match to completion during the ranking times listed above.
Ranking Prizes
Places 1 - 10:
Places 11 - 30:
Places 31 - 60:
Places 61 - 100:
You can read the official announcement in the News app on your Nintendo Switch. Huge thank you to Sketchy S. for providing screenshots!
As you probably heard, Tom Brady and the NFL went to federal court Wednesday in an attempt to settle the New England Patriots quarterback's four-game suspension for his alleged involvement in Deflategate.
And as you might also know, there are courtroom artists who sketch out the scenes as they happen where cameras aren't allowed. However, the artist who sketched Brady, Jane Rosenberg, apparently never saw the quarterback in her entire life, as the rendering was absolutely terrifying.
This is no doubt the worst sketch of Tom Brady ever created http://t.co/mFuHjfF3kS —
Jeff Israel (@jeffisrael25) August 12, 2015
OK, so these artists have to work very quickly, and we probably couldn't have done much better, but it's still not a very pretty picture. So, naturally, the Internet had a field day.
I don't know what all the fuss is about. Looks pretty legit to me. http://t.co/vjXUZMyDu0 —
Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) August 12, 2015
DeflateGate is turning into a real thriller http://t.co/KmY3Xv2Bej —
Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) August 12, 2015
Let's see! RT @HenDoism7: @Toucherandrich That Brady sketch actually looks a lot like Tuukka Rask... http://t.co/4u69DVt368 —
Toucher and Rich (@Toucherandrich) August 12, 2015
The Royal Couple of New England http://t.co/qMtgT6S57A —
Joon Lee (@iamjoonlee) August 12, 2015
And there are a lot more where those came from.
While Rosenberg probably isn't too thrilled that people everywhere are mocking her sketches, we have to imagine Brady's relieved the talk turned so quickly from his possible guilt to his (not actually) melting face.
THE MERCURY MISCHIEF:
AS OBAMA WARNS OF HAZARDS,
THE FDA APPROVES MERCURY DENTAL FILLINGS
The government seems to be speaking out of both sides of its mouth, as the President preaches one thing and the FDA does another. If we are going to have �smarter medicine that really works,� we need to get politics, lobbies and cronyism out of science.
President Obama has proposed covering the costs of his new medical plan with �smarter� medicine, meaning the adoption of procedures that eliminate inefficiencies and stress prevention. At a town hall meeting in New Hampshire on August 11, 2009, he gave the example of a diabetic needing to have a foot amputated, at a cost of $30,000 to $50,000. It would have been smarter to counsel the patient on diet and weight loss and monitor his medications before amputation was required. The insurance company would have saved money and the patient would have saved a foot.
The 2008 Obama/Biden Plan for a Healthy America also stressed preventive approaches to disease, including the reduction of toxins to which the body is exposed; and chief among these toxins was mercury. The Plan stated as a fundamental goal:
�Reduce Risks of Mercury Pollution. More than five million women of childbearing age have high levels of toxic mercury in their blood, and approximately 630,000 newborns are born at risk every year. The EPA estimates that every year, more than one in six children could be at risk for developmental disorders because of mercury exposure in the mother�s womb.�
As a Senator, Obama was responsible for extensive legislation reducing environmental exposure to mercury, including a ban on the export of elemental mercury, and legislation to phase out the use of mercury in the manufacture of chlorine.
Mercury can get into the blood by various routes, and one that has been lately in the news is the mercury found in the thimerosol in vaccines. Another source that made the news in July is the mercury released from dental fillings by chewing. The World Health Organization has stated that between 3-17 micrograms of mercury are released into the body each day by chewing, compared to only 2-5 micrograms from fish and all other environmental sources combined. In 1990, the New England Journal of Medicine published an editorial calling mercury amalgam fillings �possibly the chief source of exposure [to mercury] of a large segment of the U.S. population�.
Surprise FDA Ruling
When mercury amalgam made the news on July 29, 2009, however, it was not to warn of its hazards. Rather, it was to report the FDA�s surprise ruling that mercury fillings are safe. The ruling came after years of foot dragging by the FDA and a wave of consumer lawsuits. A growing consumer movement had amassed so much evidence for the dangers posed by mercury dental fillings that when a court finally ordered the FDA to come out with a ruling, the plaintiffs announced, �We won!� But instead of the declaration they expected, the FDA imposed no restrictions on the use of mercury amalgam. Dentists were not even required to inform their patients that �silver� fillings are composed mostly of mercury. The FDA conceded that it did not know if amalgam was harmful to children under six, pregnant women, or nursing mothers, but it took no steps to protect them. It even pulled from its website an existing neurological risk advisory that said, �Dental amalgams contain mercury, which may have neurotoxic effects on the nervous systems of developing children and fetuses.�
Consumer advocates were stunned, as the FDA had earlier agreed to strengthen its warnings against mercury amalgam fillings. The evidence against mercury amalgam dental fillings was considered so compelling that Sweden, Norway, and other countries had already banned their use entirely. Degussa, Germany�s the largest producer of amalgam and the world�s the largest producer of metals for dentistry, completely shut down its amalgam production after a federal court ruled that dentists who used it faced legal liability. The FDA was expected to follow suit.
Why its unexpected about-face? Charles Brown, of the National Counsel for consumers for Dental Choice, suggests it had to do with a change in personnel. In May 2009, Dr. Margaret Hamburg succeeded to the post of FDA Commissioner. The Wall Street Journal noted that for five years before that, she served on the board of Henry Schein Inc., a $4 billion firm that distributes medical and dental supplies, including vaccines. Brown wrote skeptically:
�Washington is famous for the revolving door -- those in the party out of power take highly paid corporate positions, then return to government to bail out their benefactors. The new FDA Commissioner, Margaret Hamburg, worked in the Clinton Administration, then went out and became a director at the dental products colossus Henry Schein, earning a quarter million dollars a year for the handful of hours it takes to be a director. Corporations do this because they know the other party will return to power, at which time the corporations will call in their chits.�
Science or Politics? The Liability Question
Beyond that potential conflict of interest, there was likely to have been heavy pressure from the American Dental Association, the professional union of dentists. If mercury amalgam were officially declared to be toxic, an estimated two billion mercury amalgam fillings might have to be replaced at practitioners� or insurers� expense, not to mention the flood of lawsuits for medical injuries that would follow.
Dentists could hardly defend by pleading ignorance of mercury�s harmful effects, since its health risks have long been known. Lewis Carroll alluded to the toxic effects of mercury in his nineteenth century character the Mad Hatter. Felt hat workers exposed to mercuric nitrate were observed to exhibit emotional symptoms including sudden anger, depression, loss of memory, timidity, insomnia, irritability, hallucinations, delusions and mania, a condition referred to as �mad hatter syndrome.� The manufacturer of the product Dispersalloy, consisting of capsules of metal powder mixed with liquid mercury and placed in the patient�s mouth, has a warning on its website stating:
�Inhalation of mercury vapor over a long period may cause mercurialism which is characterized by fine tremors and erethism���Erethism may be manifested by abnormal shyness, blushing, self-consciousness, depression or despondency, resentment of criticism, irritability or excitability, headache, fatigue and insomnia. In severe cases, hallucinations, loss of memory and mental deterioration may occur.�
Among other disturbing studies prompting consumer concerns was one reported in August 1990 by Drs. Lorscheider and Vimy of the University of Calgary in Alberta, in which twelve radioactive mercury amalgam fillings (a typical number for a human adult) were placed in the mouths of sheep. A control group received fillings made of an inert material. Within thirty days, the sheep that got the amalgam had lost half their kidney function. The study showed that mercury in amalgam fillings is not locked in the teeth but spreads through the body to the organs. Similar data have been reported for monkeys. The isotope labeled mercury showed poisoning of the internal organs and the brain of both sheep and monkeys.
Studies in humans include one conducted at the University of Kentucky, showing significant elevations of mercury in the brains of 180 Kentucky residents who were autopsied after dying of Alzheimer�s disease. When the concentrations of trace elements were analyzed, the most important imbalance found was an elevation of mercury. In studies of the cadavers of accident victims, those with a mere five amalgams had three times the amount of mercury in their brain tissues as cadavers without amalgams.
Other studies have linked mercury fillings to multiple sclerosis. In one reported by Colorado State University researcher Robert Siblerud, MS patients having amalgams were compared to MS patients whose amalgams had been removed. The former group was found to have significantly lower levels of red blood cells, hemoglobin, hematocrit, T-Lymphocytes and T-8 suppressor cells (indicating lowered immunity). They also had 33 percent more flare-ups of their symptoms during the previous year. In another study, mercury levels in the cerebrospinal fluid of MS patients were shown to be eight times higher than in controls. Siblerud observed that MS was first described by a French doctor in the mid-1830s, less than a decade after silver/mercury fillings were first promoted in Paris.
All of which suggests that the FDA�s July 31 ruling was based more on politics than science. The effects of mercury amalgam fillings on the patients themselves apparently carried less weight than its effects on the balance sheets of medical professionals and insurance companies.
If we are going to have �smarter medicine� that realy keeps people well, we need to get politics out of medicine. We need a government agency that explores and funds solid research into what keeps people healthy and what makes them sick, an agency that makes its determinations independently of lobbies, drug detail men, funding from industries standing to benefit from the results, or revolving doors into and out of those industries.
Written in consultation with Richard Hansen, D.M.D., co-author of The Key to Ultimate Health: Non-Toxic Dentistry .
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201709/1612/1155968404_5589182819001_5589168445001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true White House scrambles to show Trump cares about Puerto Rico The president has been under fire for appearing to focus more on kneeling NFL players than the hurricane-ravaged U.S. territory.
The Trump administration scrambled on Tuesday to show it wasn't snubbing Puerto Rico, with the White House trotting out officials to describe an aggressive federal response to Hurricane Maria's devastation and President Donald Trump insisting he's gotten “good marks” for the relief efforts.
Trump and his aides have found themselves on the defensive for the president's muted response to the latest storm, which devastated the island and left millions of American citizens without electricity, housing or running water.
Story Continued Below
White House officials have bristled at the contention that they were caught flat-footed by the severity of Maria, while Trump himself has been frustrated by the constant coverage on cable news about whether he's doing enough, administration officials said. Trump also appeared to be particularly sensitive to perceived criticism from Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello, who publicly called for more help from the federal government — before later praising the president's efforts.
“I'd push back strongly on that notion. It's not accurate,” one official said on Tuesday when asked about claims that Trump didn't act quickly to draw attention to the crisis, adding that the president and his team are in “constant contact” with federal agencies and first responders.
Trump has faced mounting criticism from lawmakers, Puerto Rican officials, and prominent political figures including Hillary Clinton and Mitt Romney, who alleged that the president wasn't doing enough to help the island — and was instead focused on his feud with kneeling NFL players.
In response, the administration on Tuesday rolled out a public relations campaign.
Officials added a high-level White House meeting on the hurricane to Trump's schedule. They distributed a series of statistics about relief efforts. They trotted out the heads of FEMA and the Department of Homeland Security to talk to reporters on the driveway outside the West Wing. And they organized a meeting at the White House with Vice President Mike Pence, Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and Del. Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon, Puerto Rico's nonvoting member in the House of Representatives.
They also provided multiple opportunities for Trump himself to make a sales pitch about his administration's response.
"I mean I think we're really getting good marks for the work we're doing,” Trump told reporters as he met with lawmakers about tax reform on Tuesday morning. “We've gotten A-pluses on Texas and on Florida. And we will also on Puerto Rico.”
Morning Score newsletter Your guide to the permanent campaign — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“Everybody has said it's amazing, the job we've done in Puerto Rico,” Trump later declared during a press conference with Spanish leader Mariano Rajoy, offering unsolicited remarks at the top of the event. “We're very proud of it.”
But heartbreaking images of devastation and suffering in Puerto Rico risked undercutting the White House's bid to convince the public that it has everything under control. Some critics have even drawn comparisons to President George W. Bush's response to Hurricane Katrina.
"What I'm more concerned about in the next 48 to 72 hours is ensuring that we don't have a Katrina-style event,” Rubio told POLITICO on Tuesday before meeting with Pence. “I'm not claiming that's where we're heading. I'm saying I want to avoid that from being even a possibility."
Days after Rossello called on the Pentagon to provide more help to his island, Trump went out of his way during his Tuesday press conference to highlight Rossello's praise for him.
“As Governor Rossello just told me this morning, the entire federal workforce is doing great work in Puerto Rico, and I appreciated his saying it,” Trump said. “And he's saying it to anybody that will listen.”
Administration officials echoed Trump's sentiments. “The response to date has been phenomenal. It's been strong to date, and we are committed to keeping it strong until recovery is complete,” acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke told reporters after a meeting about the recovery efforts in the Situation Room.
Trump also announced that he plans to travel to Puerto Rico next Tuesday to survey the wreckage left behind by Maria. An administration official said White House officials decided not to send him earlier because “we wanted to avoid disruption of critical lifesaving efforts.”
Puerto Rico is home to roughly 3.5 million U.S. citizens. While Trump rushed to visit Texas and Florida in the wake of hurricanes Harvey and Irma, the president went days without tweeting about Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, while sending a stream of messages about NFL players who have been kneeling during the national anthem in silent protest.
Trump turned his attention to the devastation on Monday night, but appeared to place some blame on Puerto Rico for its poor infrastructure and financial crisis, while heaping praise on his administration's response.
"Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble," Trump tweeted. “It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA.”
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer hit back at Trump on Tuesday morning. "Now is not the time, Mr. President. Puerto Rico needs help from aid workers, not debt collectors from Wall Street,” Schumer said, according to his spokesman, Matt House.
Trump, speaking to reporters on Tuesday, said a “tremendous” amount of supplies is flowing from the mainland United States to the “literally destroyed” island. He added that he cares deeply for the people of Puerto Rico.
“I grew up in New York so I know many people from Puerto Rico. I know many Puerto Ricans, and these are great people. And we have to help them,” he said.
The White House is likely weeks away from a formal funding request for Puerto Rico, an administration aide said Tuesday.
Still, officials were eager to point to the assistance the administration is providing in the meantime. On Tuesday, Trump approved an increase in federal cost-sharing for debris removal and emergency protective measures, a move that Puerto Rico's governor had pushed for given the commonwealth's cash-strapped fiscal situation.
FEMA told Congress Tuesday morning that it had 500 personnel on the ground in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and thousands of federal personnel across departments were in the areas. The agency also said that 7 million meals and 4 million liters of water were en route by barge.
But distribution of essential supplies remains an issue. That includes diesel fuel for generators that provide power for critical infrastructure like hospitals and cell towers.
Recovery from Hurricane Maria's landfall has been slow thus far in Puerto Rico, where many are still without power and could be for months. Other infrastructure is still severely damaged as well, and clean drinking water and temporary housing for those displaced by the storm remains an urgent issue.
In an interview with CBS news on Tuesday, Carmen Yulin Cruz, the mayor of San Juan, thanked the president and praised the FEMA workers on the ground in Puerto Rico, but also indicated that aid is not flowing to those who need it most and that bureaucracy and logistics are hampering relief efforts.
"First of all, yes, thank you to FEMA. All the people that are here are working very hard. But you know, you've got to work hard and you've got to put this aid in the hands of the people," Cruz said. "FEMA is great, but if they're not allowed to do their job, if the chain of command is hindering them, if they need memos in order to process what they are seeing on the TV, on electronic networks and so forth, then you are tying their hands to their back."
In a separate video interview posted online by the Los Angeles Times, Cruz said that Maria's "aftermath is almost more horrific than the actual passing of the hurricane itself."
Puerto Rico is without a voting representative in Congress. The island's leaders are hopeful that leverage on Capitol Hill may come from lawmakers who represent states and districts with large Puerto Rican populations.
Gonzalez-Colon said her island is without a voice in the Senate "unless it's Marco Rubio." Rubio had told reporters Monday of Puerto Rico that “the important part is to make sure it's not forgotten."
"We have a fundamental obligation to a U.S. territory and American citizens to respond to a hurricane there the way we would anywhere in the country," the Florida senator added.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) pledged support to Puerto Rico, too, telling reporters on Tuesday that "we are in this with them" and that those on the island are in "our thoughts and prayers."
Meanwhile, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said he hopes there will be movement "soon" on aid for Puerto Rico and other U.S. regions impacted by recent storms.
“We want the people of Puerto Rico and the islands to know that we are thinking of them and — more importantly — we want them to know that we will continue to work with FEMA, the Department of Defense, and the rest of the administration to help in the recovery," McConnell said in a statement. "And I expect we'll hear more soon on what additional resources will be necessary in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the paths of the storms."
Trump also pledged “all available federal resources” to Puerto Rico during his news conference on Tuesday, while vigorously pushing back when asked if he was more preoccupied with the NFL than dealing with the hurricane-ravaged U.S. territory.
“I wasn't preoccupied with the NFL,” Trump said. “To me, the NFL situation is a very important situation. I've heard that before about was I preoccupied. Not at all. Not at all. I have plenty of time on my hands. All I do is work.”
Colin Wilhelm, Sarah Ferris, Marc Caputo, Nolan D. McCaskill and Jennifer Scholtes contributed to this report.
As you may know, we've had a web UI for TFS for quite some time. In our TFS 2012 release, we did a pretty major overhaul of our web UI to modernize it – both in look and feel and in architecture. We moved to REST/Json, and a lot more in-browser Javascript and a lot fewer Ajax calls. The result has been a faster, more responsive and enjoyable experience. The result has also been a lot more Javascript. All told, we now have about 80,000 lines of Javascript (actual code, not counting balnk lines, comments, etc – it's about 150,000 if you count that). This is a fairly sizeable chunk of Javascript – and we've struggled with some of the pain involved in trying to write a pretty sizeable app in a late-bound untyped language.
A couple of months ago (before it was even announced), we made the decision to convert all of our Javascript to Typescript. We finally got around to doing it a few weeks ago and this week I was trying to assess what measurable benefits we got for it. The first way I've looked at it is how many bugs did we find in the code that were uncovered just by getting Typescript compiler errors after the conversion. If the premise that large Javascript programs are difficult to get right and hard to validate and Typescript is a good tool for helping write more “correct” Javascript holds, you'd expect to find some bugs in a large code base you migrated. And sure enough, we did…
Now, to be clear, this wasn't some pile of spaghetti, hacked up Javascript to start with. It was Javascript that was heavily tested – both with unit tests and with functional tests. It was JSLint clean. It was code that we felt we'd done everything reasonable to ensure it was the highest quality, production code. And yet, the conversion helped find 13 bugs that we did not know about. Just so you can get a flavor of the kinds of issues Typescript helped find, here's the list of bugs:
Bug 987091:TFS.TestManagement.Controls.debug.js incorrect call to RegExp results in no matches ever
Bug 986991:Call to baseConstructor missing “this” parameter in multiple places
Bug 986997:Reference to undefined property of ActionManager puts this action worker at the beginning not the end – TFS.Agile.debug.js
Bug 987103:Referenced to undefined location property should be path() in TFS.WorkItemTracking.debug.js
Bug 987016:Unbinding of nonexisting functions in TFS.TestManagement.Controls.debug.js – refactoring job gone bad?
Bug 987071:RichContentTooltip _setPosition calls a non-existing function – looks like casing typo
Bug 987080:TFS.UI.Controls.Grids.debug.js _onToggle calls this._addSelection with mismatched parameters
Bug 987086:_beginCopySelection in TFS.UI.Controls.Grids.debug.js references nonexisting property to determine if there is a selection
Bug 986993:Missing ‘this' parameter in call to base constructor in TFS.Agile.Boards.debug.js
Bug 987104:Calls to Diag.assert* passing only one parameter when two are required
Bug 986987:Missing resource string values in Area Iterations dialog
Bug 987054:Incorrect resource reference in TFS.Build.debug.js
Bug 987101:Spelling errors in resource references in TFS.WorkItemTracking.Controls.Query.debug.js
The approach…
As we looked at how to approach the effort of migrating our code, we talked to a few other teams at Microsoft who had adopted Typescript before us. One was Erich Gamma's team. Erich estimated that manual conversion, to get fully annoted Typescript, one class/function/line at a time could be done at a rate of 300 or so lines per hour. Of course, all valid Javascript is valid Typescript so you can just change the file extension and be compiling it but if you want all the benefits you will want to take advantage of some type annotations and that's the manual part. 80,000 lines, at 300 lines per hour was a daunting proposition. So we decided to invest in a tool to help with the process. Thankfully, we had been pretty rigorous in our approach. We used Javadoc fairly consistently to document our APIs. We used consistent patterns for our classes and modules, etc.
All told, it took us (1 dev) less than a week to write a tool (in Typescript, of course, :)) that would recognize Javadoc and the rest of our patterns and convert them to the corresponding Typescript constructs. It took about another week to run the tool, tweak our Javadoc comments (like filling in some that had been missed), update our build process, test the conversion, etc. Of course there's more we can do with Typescript. For instance, we didn't have any previous recognizable pattern for interface contracts – so there was nothing for the tool to use to generate the Typescript constructs. Over time, we'll be going through by hand, as we have reason to revisit modules and further tightening up the Typescript. I expect we'll find more issues that we don't know about now.
Overall, we've been super happy with the result. We feel like we're going to be more productive with better tooling experiences like Intellisense, the code will be better structured, more maintainable and ultimately higher quality. It's been a very good experience and if you've got a sizeable Javascript codebase, I encourage you to give it a try. You may be surprised at the bugs you find in your code even if you've worked super hard already to make sure there aren't any.
Brian
A man attempted to rob a 7-Eleven in Virginia Beach, Virginia, on Saturday, but was stopped by a clerk with a gun.
The man, identified as Davin McClenney, allegedly attempted the robbery at 1:06 a.m. but was shot by a 7-Eleven clerk who has not yet been publicly identified.
When police arrived at the scene, McClenney was already down with a bullet in his upper body. He was taken to the hospital, where he is currently in critical condition.
McClenney has a prior criminal record that includes three robberies, one of which was a home invasion in July 2016 that involved him reportedly taking numerous items from the homeowner at gunpoint. He was set to stand trial for the crime in August, but a judge granted his release from jail on bond in December.
The current status of the clerk has not yet been reported.
Here is WAVY News' full report on the robbery:
The details of what exactly occurred at the robbery have not been released but the outcome may have been far worse had the clerk not been armed with a gun.
There are an estimated 760,000 to 2.5 million defensive gun uses a year, and this thwarted robbery appears to be one of those instances.
Don't mess with a good guy with a gun.
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter.
Bob Marshall, a Republican delegate from Virginia, said that “The number of children who are born subsequent to a first abortion with handicaps has increased dramatically. Why? Because when you abort the first born of any, nature takes its vengeance on the subsequent children,” while speaking at a press conference about cutting funding for Planned Parenthood.
Although Planned Parenthood is mainly a women's health service and abortions are a very small part of that, the organization has drawn heat for providing services that are much safer than any back-alley fraudster. When Planned Parenthood is defunded, bad things happen. Conservatives aren't ones to listen to reason, however, and Marshall's comments take the cake for conservative idiocy.
In addition to the tasteless quote already listed, he also said that, “in the Old Testament, the first born of every being, animal and man, was dedicated to the Lord. There's a special punishment Christians would suggest,” as well as saying that Obama's health care reform “seeks to take your soul.”
He did apologize for his words later, saying,
A story by Capital News Service regarding my remarks at a recent press conference opposing taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood conveyed the impression that I believe disabled children are a punishment for prior abortions.
No one who knows me or my record would imagine that I believe or intended to communicate such an offensive notion. I have devoted a generation of work to defending disabled and unwanted children, and have always maintained that they are special blessings to their parents. Nevertheless, I regret any misimpression my poorly chosen words may have created as to my deep commitment to fighting for these vulnerable children and their families.
However, his apology directly contradicts his earlier words; it is very difficult to misinterpret was seemed to be a clear message. The Richmond Times-Dispatch had this to say:
Marshall said he has introduced a budget amendment to eliminate funding for what he called the “malevolent” organization, which he said receives about $500,000 a year. The Virginia Department of Health says Planned Parenthood and affiliate organizations in Virginia receive$309,000 in funding and that most of it is in federal grants. Arc's Cullum, in a statement posted on http://www.arcofva.org, said families affiliated with Arc “are especially sensitive now because of proposed state budget cuts to critical services that support persons with intellectual or developmental disabilities.” He added that Arc appreciates efforts now going on to restore some of the services. The Arc statement adds, “Historically, Virginia's track record for valuing the lives of people with disabilities has not been good.” Marshall has served in the House since 1992. In 2008, former Gov. Jim Gilmore edged Marshall for the Republican U.S. Senate nomination.
Bob Marshall's comments on abortion aren't his only anti-human rights positions. Below is an excerpt from his official website regarding his stances on selected “human values:”
Respect for Life
I agree with Thomas Jefferson that “the care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only legitimate object of good government.” Therefore we have a duty to protect the sick, elderly, handicapped, pre-born children, and those truly unable to care for themselves. Marriage
I authored the “Marriage Amendment” (one man, one woman) which was approved by voters and became part of our Virginia Constitution in 2006. A stable society depends in large part upon stable family units. Therefore, we must protect the institution of marriage to keep the basic unit of society, the family, strong. My Affirmation of Marriage statute, passed over Governor Mark Warner's objections, prohibited out of state so-called civil unions, (or “marriage lite,”) from being legally recognized in Virginia law. I authored successful legislation to authorize counseling for parents to disclose the effect of divorce on children. Partial Birth Abortion
My law to prohibit late term partial birth infanticide abortions also passed over Governor Mark Warner's objections. Pornography
My law to ban the sending of sexually explicit emails to minors over the internet also passed over Governor Jim Gilmore's objections. Love of Country
The national motto, “In God We Trust” is to be posted in public schools because of my law.
He has revealed himself to be nothing but a typical right-wing intolerant bigot, with his latest comments being extremely offensive to say the least.
I would be delighted if you joined me on Facebook for instant access to my articles.
German Court Tells Wikimedia Foundation That It's Liable For Things Users Write
from the that's-a-problem dept
I've spent a bit of time in Germany over the past few years, and the entrepreneurial community there is really interesting. It's become a hot place for emerging startups and there's a lot of excitement, especially in Berlin. Similarly, it appears that a number of internet activists have been flocking to Berlin. So it's become a really vibrant community of folks trying to make the internet better.But the one thing that worries me quite a bit about the German internet scene is its very dangerous view of secondary liability -- in that German law and courts tend to lean towards blaming the intermediary for the actions of their users. I learned this the frightening way on stage at conference in Germany, under some very hot lights (in a decommissioned airport) where a somewhat angry questioner in the audience insisted that some comments written on Techdirt by some of our users were "illegal in Germany" and that, under German law,was liable for them. He stood at the microphone with a laptop reading the comments and demanding I answer for them, despite never having even read those comments, let alone created them. I suddenly started mentally counting down the time until my flight home. I defended secondary liability (and basic free speech concepts) and was able to leave the country without problem (and have been back a couple times since then). However, as a few people explained to me on that trip, a real hindrance to innovation in Germany is this antiquated view of secondary liability whereby sites can almost always be declared liable for actions of their users.It appears that this tragic view has struck again -- this time against the Wikimedia Foundation, the organization behind Wikipedia. The Higher Regional Court of Stuttgart, has found that the Foundation can be held liable for content on Wikipedia . In this specific case, someone argued that some Wikipedia content was libelous. While the court says that the organization doesn't need to proactively police its content, it does say that if anything has received any sort of complaint, suddenly the Foundationbe held liable.Of course, this is a recipe for easy censorship. If you don't like something in Wikipedia, just file a complaint, and to avoid liability, the Wikimedia Foundation will have strong incentive to delete the contested language. Of course, this goes against nearlythat Wikipedia stands for in terms of how content gets edited on the site. Even if legally required to, it's ridiculous for a German court to basically tell the Foundation that it needs to effectively delete passages of Wikipedia editors and then block that content from being put back. Rulings like this make true user-supported media operations legally difficult to maintain, and will increasingly scare top internet companies out of Germany.If someone posted libelous information, go after them. Putting the blame on an intermediary isn't just misguided, but it also creates a strong chilling effect on innovation.
Filed Under: germany, secondary liability, wikipedia
Companies: wikimedia foundation, wikipedia
HANOI (Reuters) - Disagreements between Asian countries over a China-backed free trade deal surfaced at talks on Monday, raising questions over a target for concluding negotiations by the end of the year.
Trade ministers pose for a photo during the 3rd Inter-sessional Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) Ministerial Meeting in Hanoi, Vietnam May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Kham
The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) would create a free trade area of more than 3.5 billion people, bringing together China, India, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand as well as Southeast Asian nations.
The RCEP talks, which began in 2012, have been given new impetus by the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) Agreement.
But officials involved in the talks say the target to complete the discussion stage by year-end may be hard to meet given disagreements over several issues. India in particular is reluctant to give up on tariffs, they say.
“They are concerned that major tariff elimination will cut revenue and their competitive position, especially against China,” said one official who did not want to be identified as the talks were private.
Another official also said India's position posed the biggest challenge in Monday's ministerial talks.
The main focus of RCEP is reducing tariffs although not as many would be cut to zero as under the TPP agreement.
Coverage of services and the digital economy are more modest than for the other agreement and it would have no protection for labor rights or the environment. Moreover, while it might have provisions for greater freedom of movement, this is one of the potential sticking points in discussions.
“We are making progress but there's still a long way to go,” New Zealand Trade Minister Todd McClay told Reuters. “There is a renewed desire to find a way to a high quality outcome. But it's going to take a lot of hard work to get it done by the end of the year.”
Monday's meeting in Hanoi followed heated discussions there at the weekend at the first gathering of trade ministers from Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) countries since U.S. President Donald Trump's switch to an “America First” agenda.
APEC countries failed to come out with their usual joint statement after the United States rejected language on fighting protectionism which Asian countries wanted to include.
Members of the TPP trade deal, which does not include China, agreed on the sidelines of the meeting to pursue it despite Trump's decision to abandon the agreement in favor of bilateral arrangements with Asian countries.
The RCEP and TPP trade deals are not mutually exclusive and some countries would be members of both.
But the U.S. withdrawal has put major doubts over the future of the TPP agreement.
RCEP, on the other hand, benefits from the backing of China, whose regional dominance has gained greater momentum with the policy shift in the United States and its own Belt and Road initiative to extend its global influence. China has increasingly positioned itself as a global free trade champion.
“We are at the stage where it has become important for all of us to show political willingness to move RCEP discussions forward especially in light of the trend in some parts of the world where the threat of protectionism is really considerable,” Philippines trade minister Ramon Lopez said.
This is a story about a book and a new friendship.
When I first heard that Nelson A. Denis was publishing War Against All Puerto Ricans, and that it would release yesterday (already topping the Amazon charts in Caribbean History and Caribbean & Latin American Politics categories), to say I was intrigued would be selling my emotions short.
I was excited.
Having known about a forgotten history of 20th-century Puerto Rico through family tales and then having studied and devoured Puerto Rican history since my teens, I had always believed that our past as a people has been forcefully locked away, due to colonial politics and the desire to not bring up stories that are both ugly yet real. Those who raise those stories get labeled as “radicals” and “secessionists” (yes, someone actually called me that once). Yet, as I have always argued, as we progress into an unknown future for Puerto Rico, we must first understand where we came from and how we got here.
That is what War Against All Puerto Ricans accomplishes, and any serious student of the relationship between the world's greatest power and a tiny Caribbean island-colony-nation needs to read this book. In fact, anyone who wants to understand U.S. imperial history from the time of Manifest Destiny needs to read this book. It will leave you mad, outraged, frustrated, incredulous and hopeful.
Meticulously sourced (close to 100 pages of notes), this 261-page book (hardcover version) presents Puerto Rico from the turn of the century to the early 1950s in a way few authors have ever captured. While these stories have been told before, Denis' prose gives them a new life never before seen. The focus of the book examines how the United States, since American troops landed on shores of Puerto Rico in 1898, dealt with “Porto Rico” for decades. From elitist Ivy League educated governors to military men, we see a Puerto Rico that becomes, as Denis puts it, a “Chinatown.” Those who know the 70s classic movie would understand.
In essence, things go awry in Puerto Rico because it literally became an experimental playground for U.S. political, business and military interests. And no one in the United States truly cared because it's only “Chinatown.” As simplistic as that sounds, Denis' thesis will have you thinking and rethinking the notion that in the end the United States has truly treated Puerto Rico like the colony it has always been. To some, that would suggest that Denis is showing his biases as a pro-independence Nationalist romantic who longs for the days of Pedro Albizu Campos, as if he is some hopeless revolutionary author. That could be the case, but when you read the Epilogue and how the author frames his work within the context of modern-day Puerto Rico, you are left to conclude otherwise.
I will not reveal too much about the book's content, since it will spoil it for new readers (I have read it twice), but I will say that to the uninitiated, be prepared. You will learn about things you have never read in U.S. history (and Puerto Rican history) textbooks—from black cells where Nationalist sympathizers and leaders were tortured, to tales of U.S. fighters flying over the Puerto Rican town of Utuado and bombing it. You will learn about how the 1950 Revolution in Puerto Rico failed, due to Denis' claim that the U.S. government had already infiltrated the Nationalists as well as the governor's mansion of Puerto Rico. Some of it will be fantastical and outrageous (Luis Muñoz Marín's opium addiction and Hoover's obsession with it, for instance) and some of it will feel as if the book is just spinning Nationalist stories passed down from generation to generation, but it is extremely hard to knock Denis down for sharing his perspective on this lost history in a way that few have captured.
The Ponce Massacre happened.
The shootout at Salón Boricua happened.
The way the United States government treated the final years of Pedro Albizu Campos happened.
The colonial relationship between the United States and Puerto Rico is real.
These, and other stories, told in a way that reminded me of a historical pulp fiction nonfiction (that's a good thing), will open Puerto Rican history to a new audience, especially the third- or fourth-generation English-dominant Puerto Rican audience who thinks being boricua is just about New York City parades and JLO. War Against All Puerto Ricans is also required reading for any Latin Americanist. What happened in Puerto Rico over 60 years ago will not surprise those who follow Latin American history. All Nation Books (Denis' publisher) has to do now is publish a Spanish version of this book and quickly.
It's not like Denis is some hack —a Harvard graduate (the book's appendix contains his 1977 Harvard Political Review essay about Puerto Rico), a Yale Law School graduate, a former editor of El Diario, a New York State Assemblyman— his voice is important to this necessary discussion, and it would be foolish of some critics to paint his views under the typical politiquería lens: suggesting that War Against All Puerto Ricans is more “Nationalist propaganda.” Quite the opposite—the book will force you to rethink Puerto Rican history in the first half of the 20th century, whether you want to or not.
That is the biggest reason why —when Denis approached me to share a series of essays he would write for LatinoRebels.com that would lead up to his book's release— I didn't even hesitate to not publish him. His essays have been controversial yet they had to be published, just like War Against All Puerto Ricans had to be published.
I have always told anyone in the news media who wants to listen: Puerto Rico matters. There is an online thirst for reading more about the island, its current situation and its forgotten past. Denis' Latino Rebels essays (listed below, along with the current number of views each one has generated) prove that:
Denis' essays (plus his three-part interview) have attracted close to 500,000 reads on this site in about seven weeks. I can't explain why his pieces have resonated with people, but I think it has to do with Denis' prose and how he tells this forgotten history.
In the last two months, I have grown to greatly admire Denis for what he has accomplished. We have had some fantastic discussions about his views on Puerto Rican history and how it applies to contemporary Puerto Rico. Our love of Puerto Rico and our passion to make Puerto Rico matter has sparked a new friendship.
As with any author, Denis has given us a gift that we can dissect, explore, celebrate, criticize and even condemn. Nonetheless, we should all still read War Against All Puerto Ricans, and then have serious conversations about this very important work.
Thank you, Nelson, for your sparking this light.
War Against All Puerto Ricans is published by Nation Books.
***
Julio (Julito) Ricardo Varela (@julito77) founded LatinoRebels.com in May, 2011 and proceeded to open it up to about 20 like-minded Rebeldes. A 1990 Harvard graduate in the History and Literature of Latin America, his personal blog, juliorvarela.com, has been active since 2008 and is widely read in Puerto Rico and beyond. He pens columns on LR regularly. In the last two years, Julito represented the Rebeldes on several outlets, including MSNBC, CBS, NPR,Univision and The New York Times. Recently, he was a digital producer for Al Jazeera America's The Stream and is currently the Digital Media Director for Futuro Media Group.
Reason author Shikha Dalmia is wringing her hands over "the death of pro-choice Republicans." There used to be a time when the party had room for nuance on abortion, she writes. Not anymore, not after the release of several videos highlighting illicit practices by Planned Parenthood.
David Daleiden, the man who produced the Planned Parenthood videos, told National Review that the purpose of his exercise was—as the headline noted—to "end the tyranny of euphemisms" and show "buyer and end users haggling over the price of living children and negotiating the ways they will be killed in order to do experiments that they want." "Living children"? "Killing"? Seriously? Such terms used to be reserved for late-term abortions, even in the pro-life camp. But the majority of fetuses in Daleiden's footage were 12 weeks or under, with some in the first month of the second trimester. Deploying such lacerating terminology is meant to create an equivalence between early-term fetuses and live children. This implies that every abortion at any time regardless of circumstances is murder.
She's right. That's exactly what such terminology implies. The question becomes: is not such terminology accurate? Is a fetus 12 weeks or under something other than a living child? If so, what? That's what the Planned Parenthood footage compels us to answer.
Has the footage changed your opinion on abortion? If all abortion is murder, should there be exceptions for rape, incest, and the health of the mother? Dalmia worries that the answer might be no.
... if all abortions are murder, then isn't the rape exception tantamount to "killing babies" for the sins of men? Yet if "babies" are allowed to be "killed" for their fathers' transgressions, then by what moral standard can we force mothers who slip up to give birth except as a punishment for their turpitude? What all of this shows is that in its obsession for moral clarity, the GOP is trying to shoehorn an enormously complex issue into a black-and-white framework...
Is the issue really that complex?
Horst Held * Antique Handguns
e-mail held@ectisp.net to homepage Cochran turret revolver
St Ã¸ckel: "John Webster Cochran, New York, 1814 - 1874, received between 1834 and 1876 25 patents for handguns. Best known for his recoil-free "turret" repeating weapons,
which were produced by C. B.. ALLEN."
Flayderman's # 7A-019: "late 1830s, distinct American oddity " cocked movable rear sight *** push-in button to free the cylinder revolving by hand *** cylinder bridge with patentee's and maker's inscription trigger *** under hammer *** hole for hammer spur to hit pistol with cap frame after removing cylinder rear sight with hook to arrest the upper part escutcheon *** rear sight butt cap Cochran Turret Revolver, finest surviving deluxe engraved specimen, serial # 103 of less than 150 produced, 7-shot, caliber .38 percussion, 5 ⅛" barrel with fixed front sight. Pushing the rear sight enables to open the bridge over the cylinder. A lever keeps the cylinder securely in please, and after pushing it into the frame it releases the cylinder to be hand-revolved. Plain wooden grips with German silver escutcheon and engraved butt plate. Extremely rare variation with deluxe engraving. On top of the bridge are the markings COCHRAN'S
PATENT an lower under the eagle the maker's name
C.B. ALLEN
SPRINGFIELD
MASS. Part of my collection! Cochran hand-revolved turret revolver, serial # 47, 7-shot, caliber .38 percussion, 5 ⅛" barrel with fixed sight. Extremely rare variation with brass grip including shield behind the rear of the cylinder, less than five pieces known. Turning the rear sight enables to open the bridge over the cylinder. On top of the bridge are the markings COCHRAN'S
PATENT an lower under the eagle the maker's name
C.B. ALLEN
SPRINGFIELD
MASS. Besides the under hammer is additional a push-safety to cover the hole in the frame stopping the firing pin from hitting a nipple. This device was apparently used only with a few revolvers.
The revolver is mechanically fine, shows some patina and very minor pitting. $27,500. homepage
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Monday acknowledged “overwhelming frustration” with the Israeli government and said the systemic expansion of Jewish settlements was moving Israel toward a dangerous “one-state reality” and in the wrong direction.
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden (L) and Catherine Cortez Masto, a candidate for the U.S. Senate, greet people after he spoke at an event to bring awareness to sexual assault on college campuses in Las Vegas, Nevada April 7, 2016. REUTERS/David Becker
Addressing the J Street lobby group in Washington, Biden said despite disagreements with Israel over settlements or the Iran nuclear deal, the United States had an obligation to push Israel toward a two-state solution to end the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians.
“We have an overwhelming obligation, notwithstanding our sometimes overwhelming frustration with the Israeli government, to push them as hard as we can toward what they know in their gut is the only ultimate solution, a two-state solution, while at the same time be an absolute guarantor of their security,” Biden said.
A two-state solution envisages a Palestinian state on most of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, lands Israel captured in a 1967 war, and an Israeli state that absorbs some of the settlements Israel built on occupied land in return for mutually agreed land swaps.
Biden said his recent meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas left him discouraged over the prospects for peace at present.
“There is at the moment no political will that I observed among Israelis or Palestinians to move forward with serious negotiations,” Biden said, “The trust that is necessary to take risks for peace is fractured on both sides.”
He said both Palestinians and Israelis needed to tamp down rhetoric that fueled violence and actions that undermined confidence in negotiations.
Efforts by the Palestinian Authority to join the international criminal court were “only damaging moves that take us further from the path to peace,” he said.
For Israel's part, Biden said the “steady, systematic expansion” of Jewish settlements on occupied land wanted by the Palestinians moved “Israel in the wrong direction.”
“They are moving toward a one-state reality and that reality is dangerous,” Biden said, warning that moving in that direction would mean an endless cycle of conflict and retribution.
Biden condemned the bombing of a bus and attack on another in Jerusalem on Monday by “misguided cowards” and offered prayers to the injured and their families.
(This story has been corrected in paragraph 5 to show Netanyahu is Israel's prime minister, not president)
After making the first batch of Chocolate Nutella Fudge with Sea Salt last year, my family (kids, grandparents and brother-in-law included) immediately determined it was a must-have for each Christmas, to be served alongside my husband's great-grandmother's spritz butter cookies and my dad's killer ginger cookies. Yeah, okay…twist my arm. That fudge set off a cascade of gooey chocolate and hazelnut baking in our house, from Chewy Nutella & Oatmeal Bars to Nutella & Cream Cheese Swirled Blondies. It was only a matter of time before the Nutella weaseled its way into the center of my favorite sugar cookie recipe (typically made with crumbled Heath Bars).
When making drop cookies, I like to be fairly precise about the size of each cookie so that they cook as evenly as possible. No loosey-goosey dropping from a spoon in this elf's kitchen. For years, I have used cookie scoops, such as the OXO ones you see in the photos below, to dole out an equal amount of batter. It makes the process of doling out the dough go quickly and the scoops are fun for little hands to use, too. You can use the small scoops for bite-sized cookies, medium scoops for your average sized treats and large scoops for those gargantuan cookies like what you may see in your favorite bakery.
Of course, if you decide to make bite-sized cookies, that means you get to eat a minimum of three cookies. Santa's rule. I swear on Rudolph's shiny red nose. It's a good thing this rule exists because it is virtually impossible to eat only one of these cookies.
For details on entering the OXO baking giveaway, scroll down. You don't want to miss it. Again…on Rudolph's shiny red nose.
The recipe:
Using a 1 teaspoon measure, scoop out Nutella and place in small mounds on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Place in the freezer for 15 minutes.
Place an oven rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt.
In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer set on medium speed until the mixture is creamy and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in eggs, one at a time, and vanilla extract.
Turn the mixer to low speed and gradually beat in the flour mixture until it is just combined. Using a rubber spatula, stir the mixture a few times to make sure all of the flour mixture is incorporated.
Place 1/3 cup granulated sugar in a small bowl. Use 2 tablespoons cookie dough for each cookie. Split the piece of dough in half and slightly flatten the bottom half. Sprinkle 5 or 6 grains of sea salt on the dough. Use a small metal spatula to lift the mounds of Nutella from the baking sheet and lay on the bottom half of cookie dough, on top of the salt. If the Nutella starts to soften, place back in the freezer for a few minutes.
Cover with the other piece of cookie dough. Seal the edges with your fingers. Roll the ball in the sugar to coat it and place it on a prepared baking sheet.
Bake the cookies, one sheet a time, rotating from front to back halfway through baking. They are done when the edges are set and beginning to brown, 10 to 13 minutes.
The centers of the cookies should still be soft and puffy. Remove the cookies from the oven and let them cool on the baking sheet for 10 minutes. Using a spatula, remove the cookies from the baking sheet and let cool on a rack. Serve.
Other desserts with Nutella:
Cookin' Canuck's Chocolate Nutella Fudge with Sea Salt
Cookin' Canuck's Chewy Nutella & Oatmeal Bars
Cookin' Canuck's Nutella & Cream Cheese Swirled Blondies
Bell'alimento's Nutella Panna Cotta
Evil Shenanigans' Raspberry Nutella Bread Pudding
Poor Girl Gourmet's Egg Nog-Hazelnut Cupcakes with Nutella Buttercream
5.0 rating 1 reviews Nutella & Sea Salt Stuffed Sugar Cookies Print shopping list Loading nutrition data... Total Time From the kitchen of Cookin Canuck. www.cookincanuck.com Yields Makes approximately 24 cookies. Ingredients 1/2 cup Nutella (chocolate-hazelnut spread)
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/2 cups plus 1/3 cup granulated sugar, divided
14 tbsp (1 3/4 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
2 large eggs
2 tsp vanilla extract
1 tbsp sea salt Directions Using a 1 teaspoon measure, scoop out Nutella and place in small mounds on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Place in the freezer for 15 minutes. Place an oven rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, beat butter and 1½ cups granulated sugar with an electric mixer set on medium speed until the mixture is creamy and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and the vanilla extract. Turn the mixer to low speed and gradually beat in the flour mixture until it is just combined. Using a rubber spatula, stir the mixture a few times to make sure all of the flour mixture is incorporated. Place ⅓ cup granulated sugar in a small bowl. Use 2 tablespoons cookie dough for each cookie. Split the piece of dough in half and slightly flatten the bottom half. Sprinkle 5 or 6 grains of sea salt on the flattened dough. Use a small metal spatula to lift the mounds of Nutella from the baking sheet and lay on the bottom half of cookie dough, on top of the salt. If the Nutella starts to soften, place back in the freezer for a few minutes. Cover Nutella with the other piece of cookie dough. Seal the edges with your fingers. Roll the ball in the sugar to coat it and place it on a prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough and Nutella mounds, spacing the cookies about 2 inches apart from each other on the baking sheets. Bake the cookies, one sheet a time, rotating from front to back halfway through baking. They are done when the edges are set and beginning to brown, 10 to 13 minutes. The centers of the cookies should still be soft and puffy. Remove the cookies from the oven and let them cool on the baking sheet for 10 minutes. Using a spatula, remove the cookies from the baking sheet and let cool on a rack. They can also be served warm. by From the kitchen of cookincanuck.com
Disclosure: This post is sponsored by OXO and they provided me with OXO products for my personal use and the giveaway. As usual my opinions are my own and, let me tell you, I adore OXO products.
>> Tomorrow night, a new documentary on the relationship between Isabella Blow and Alexander McQueen premieres on British television. The documentary, McQueen and I, includes rare McQueen footage and interviews with his brother, ex-boyfriend, friends, co-workers, models, and Blow's husband.
McQueen's brother Michael is shown revisiting the crowded house where they grew up in on London's East End and tells the filmmakers: "It was three boys all in one bedroom. You could see the birds flying around the top there. If you see Lee's shows there were a lot of feathers and birds going on. That is where Lee got a lot of his ideas." Asked about McQueen's death, which came shortly after their mother passed away — an event the designer struggled to cope with — Michael replied: "She wouldn't have been over the moon with my brother for what he did. I'm afraid no one was. It was very disappointing in that respect. He always thought the world of our mum." The film also relates how McQueen's mother made sandwiches backstage for the models at some of his first shows to keep budget down.
The designer's former design assistant Catherine Brickhill recalls in an interview that at one of his Givenchy shows: "There wasn't a lot of space, people were running around and I remember [McQueen] running over to Eva Herzigova and cutting the laces on her corset and saying ‘You f**king bitch' and y'know dragging her to get her to exit on time. She was in tears by the time she was out there. No one had ever treated her that way."
Former head Givenchy publicist Eric Lanuit is captured in the documentary saying: "The press officer's role is also to be a nanny. [McQueen] would call to ask for certain ‘vitamin substances' to help him stay up all night and through the day of a fashion show. I'm not talking about vitamin C, I am talking about cocaine."
And model Jodie Kidd says: "I was just beginning as a model and he was just beginning as a designer. Every time we went out on the catwalk we would be lined up and he would say ‘Come on Jode, go for it,' psyching me up and then he would say ‘Out' and off we would go."
The day had begun just like any other when Peter Bellew got the bad news.
“Peter,” said Malaysia Airlines CEO Christoph Mueller, “I need to talk to you. I'm leaving.”
Bellew, who had left what he calls a “straightforward job” at an “easy airline” to be Mueller's COO, pulls no punches about how much the move annoyed him.
“It reminded me of when I was 18,” he mused. “This girl dumped me. And I sat in the corner of the kitchen and I cried for at least an hour and a half. And then the following day, I realized this girl who'd dumped me had taken my Bob Dylan albums! And I cried again.”
Three months later, Bellew was named Mueller's successor. He is Malaysia Airlines' third CEO in two years—a period that few need reminding has seen the aftermath of flights MH370 and MH17; humiliating financial ruin that led to Malaysia's sovereign wealth fund swooping in to reprivatize the company; and ever more abandonment issues, from the millions of passengers who deserted the airline to the company's first-ever foreigner boss quitting one year into a three-year deal.
Upon signing on, Bellew called it “the toughest job in aviation.” No one disagreed.
Getting the 10-year RyanAir veteran to come on board at all had taken heavy convincing. The first time a headhunter called Bellew about Malaysia Air, it was less than a year after flight MH370 had gone missing with 239 people onboard; and just six months after MH17, carrying 283 people, was shot down in Ukraine.
“‘For f's sake, why did you call me? You must be joking,'” Bellew said he responded.
Months later, however, he arrived at the carrier, bringing what he calls his “RyanAir head”—an affinity for cost cutting—and a play on ‘Bob the Builder's' catchphrase: “We will fix it.”
It wasn't easy to convince Malaysia Airline's staff and suppliers that change was coming, Bellew says. For all their strides in the past year, there have been scarring memories along the way.
“Literally, not more than a year ago, we were operating flights with 737s with five and 10 passengers onboard,” Bellew told a packed luncheon room of aviation executives in Hong Kong on Tuesday.
“We operated, in November 2015 and [that] December, A380 aircraft to London,with 50 and 60 passengers onboard. On an A380.”
After last year, Bellew is proud to have sunnier news to share. Passenger load factors, which measure an airline's capacity to fill seats and generate revenue, rose from 68% to 82% in the last quarter. In December, they were 90%, he announced. This January will mark 76%.
“Our flights are so full at the moment that our staff are not able to use their standby tickets,” Bellew said. “The most important thing is, the family of Malaysia Airlines staff and the culture within that—they believe again now.”
At Malaysia Airlines, the frequently evoked cliché of the company “family” is actually true. Many employees are literally related or have had relatives previously work there, according to Bellew.
“No one has been through what Malaysia Airlines has been through,” he said. “It's more like a mission. It's not like a normal job.”
As the CEO set about tackling the many problems at Malaysia Airlines—from upgrading its fleet to improving the nasi lemak served onboard—he realized the morale of his tight-knit employees would require as much attention as the balance sheet. “What the people at Malaysia Airlines on the operations side actually needed was somebody to put their arm round them, and tell them, ‘Guys, everybody's going to be OK,'” he said.
Bellew said he left the office to “get down shoulder-to-shoulder with the people.” He went to work shifts with guys in the baggage hall, guys out in the hangars. As he set about fixing the grisly conditions these employees worked in, he quickly learned that most of the real business at Malaysia Airlines was done over teh tarik, milk tea. He even formed a band with eight of his colleagues: PB and the Gang. “We play dad rock. It's like bad Eagles and the Beatles.”
On the financial side, Bellew describes a far grimmer wake-up call.
“The problems were really, really bad long before the tragic events that happened,” Bellew told Fortune in an interview. In his view, the airline's “lack of sales and focus,” along with a failed AirAsia share swap agreement in 2012 “destroyed the fabric” of the company.
Nowadays, his utmost priority—unsurprising for a RyanAir alumnus—is tightly controlling costs and generating revenue as quickly as possible.
But that does not necessarily mean more fees for travelers. While other airlines have moved to unbundle their fares, Malaysia Airlines is “doing the reverse,” Bellew said firmly. “We're not going down that road. In fact, if we can give people more stuff for free, that's what we're going to do. And we'll set ourselves apart from the low-cost carriers.”
Bellew has already clocked a few hard-won battles under his early tenure. At a time when it seemed like no one would quit yammering about rebranding—including his old boss, Mueller—Bellew fought to preserve the company's logo and its name. And while everyone else was predicting the end of Malaysia Airlines, Bellew was plotting “a big global splash.”
One week into the gig, Bellew called up England's Liverpool Football Club to arrange a sponsorship.
“It was the first time I think an airline ever did it,” he said of the debut at a Liverpool-Manchester United game, where the company advertised $495 roundtrip fares between Kuala Lumpur and London. “That has changed perception radically for us, in China, in Thailand, in the U.K.”
It's to this deal that he credits much of Malaysia Airlines' recent surge on the KL-to-London route, from 45% market share in May to 63% in December. “Old-fashioned sales and marketing works,” he said.
Where the company has faced the most questioning over public perception, of course, is China: the country with the most citizens onboard flight MH370, and the same outbound tourism market Bellew describes as “the global mega-trend, bar none.”
But with the fierce onslaught of competition in China, how exactly does Malaysia Airlines plan to chase share?
“I think that takes time. I think that there are many people in China who will never fly with us,” Bellew said, though he noted that the highest load factor of any of Malaysia Airline's routes is in China.
The CEO has pledged to rewrite the carrier as “the greatest transformation of an airline in history.” He pegs the turning point at March 2019: its target date of getting relisted in Malaysia.
“It's our Olympic Games,” declared Bellew. “Everything works back from that.”
It's an ambitious timeline. Brendan Sobie, a chief analyst specializing in Southeast Asia at the Centre for Aviation (CAPA), said that while Bellew has “done everything basically in his power” to set the company up for growth, it'll still be a few years before Malaysia Airlines can truly be called a success.
“Everything has to go right,” he said. “There's a lot of stuff I would say are beyond his power.”
For more on the airline industry, watch Fortune's video:
Running a national carrier isn't without its own set of challenges. Aside from the heightened risk of government intervention, everyone in the country has an opinion about Malaysia Airlines—not least the local taxpayers whose funds are on the line.
Not long after a controversial decision to change the cabin crew's uniforms, Bellew was walking down the street with his daughter when a durian seller suddenly called out to him.
“He says, ‘Why are you wasting my GST money? Why are you wasting my GST money?'” recalled Bellew, referring to a Malaysian sales tax.
In fact, most of the people who ask the CEO what's going on every day are ordinary citizens who've never been on a plane, he said. “[When] people ask me, they don't say, ‘How is Malaysia Airlines?' They say, ‘How is our airline doing.'”
Bellew, a self-proclaimed “mat salleh,” or “white guy,” treads carefully with the unsolicited advice. “We've gotta listen to people,” he told Fortune. One day, “we will be the pride of the nation again.”
It's a big job to fill—but Bellew already knew that. What he hasn't discussed much in public is what got him to take on the role.
“Yeah, there's much easier ways to make a living,” said the father of four.
But with all the airline has been through, said Bellew, “when are you going to get a chance in life to work with a group of people to help them fix this? To make this thing wonderful again? Which means so much to so many people? And that they've been through so much?”
As for the burden of reviving Malaysia's national reputation?
“Well, I'm an old-fashioned Irish Roman Catholic, so I suffer guilt,” Bellew quipped. “If I thought about it too much, getting up in the morning—it would crush me and I would never go to work.”
This KHN story also ran in . It can be republished for free. ( details )
SALT LAKE CITY – When a car rolls off an assembly line, the automaker knows exactly what parts, labor and facilities cost. Not so in health care, and now some health executives are trying to change that.
Although U.S. hospitals account for the single largest chunk of the nation's $2.7 trillion in health spending, few of them can say how much it actually costs them to care for every patient they admit.
“To think that health care is this ‘ginormous' business that doesn't understand costs is mind-blowing,” said Vivian Lee, senior vice president for health sciences at the University of Utah, an academic medical center with four hospitals and 1,330 physicians. In 2012, Lee was stunned when she challenged senior managers and physicians to find ways to reduce spending, and “they said, ‘We don't know what it costs, so how can we manage it?'”
Today, the Utah health system is one of a handful in the nation with a data system that can track cost and quality for every one of its 26,000 patients. That data is shared with doctors and nurses for further input about ways to streamline cost and improve care.
In the first year, the system shaved nearly $2.5 million from a $1 billion budget, and officials say they're in a better position to negotiate with insurers because they know precisely how much it costs to perform a particular procedure.
Their calculations include not just the salaries of doctors and nurses, but also those of cleaning crews, cafeteria workers and anyone who interacts with the patient – as well as the costs of drugs, lab tests and supplies, from gauze and surgical mesh to implants.
Several other systems, including MD Anderson in Houston and Intermountain Healthcare in Utah, are among a handful nationwide that have made such ambitious efforts.
“The primary purpose is to get better outcomes for patients while spending less,” said Bob Kaplan, a professor emeritus at Harvard Business School who blames the rapid escalation in health spending partly on the industry's inability to measure cost and quality.
For now, the savings are accruing mainly to the health system, but they may lead to lower prices which make their way to consumers in the form of smaller insurance premium increases, as well as better care.
Retail Prices Often Bear Little Connection To Cost
To be sure, most hospitals have long lists of prices they charge for every service — from aspirin to MRI scans — and those end up on bills given to insurers and patients. But most hospital charges have little or no connection to what a supply, service or episode of patient care actually costs the facility.
For decades, hospitals had set those prices using an opaque process that relied on abstruse formulas to account for factors such as unpaid bills and inflation. The list prices that resulted were more akin to a car's sticker price, used as a starting point for negotiations with insurers, who generally win substantial discounts.
“Some organizations are now trying to do what they do in other industries, such as manufacturing, where they know how much it takes to make the widget, in terms of time and materials,” said Cynthia Ambres, a principal at consulting firm KPMG.
The developments are key at a time when hospitals' very survival may depend on how well they understand their costs.
“There will be hospitals that don't … but they will go out of business,” warns Steve Johnson, who helped develop the new tool at the Utah health system.
Hospitals face huge financial pressures: Medicare payments are being squeezed. Insurers and employers are increasingly demanding data about quality and costs. And many policy experts, insurers and Medicare officials are urging a move away from the traditional way hospitals are paid – for each service, doctor visit and drug – to flat or “bundled” payments for a patient's care.
Kaplan warns that without understanding “where inefficiencies, fat and waste are,” hospitals under pressure to reduce spending may make the wrong cuts.
Patterns Revealed By Data
At the University of Utah, Lee gathered experts across departments — from information technology, the data warehouse and the medical group — freeing them from their usual duties and sequestering them in a large room with an expansive view of Salt Lake City.
They developed a tool that today can pull data within minutes for an entire department and every physician and procedure within it, as well as for every patient treated.
Variations popped out: Why did the same surgery done by some physicians cost so much more than others? Were lower-cost drugs working as well as more expensive ones? Were lab tests being ordered unnecessarily?
Answers to some of those questions have helped the system trim costs in the past year, including:
— $556,300 from reducing the length of stays after kidney and liver transplants;
— $498,700 from developing standardized protocols for when to give patients expensive immune-system boosting drugs;
— $452,000 from lab test savings. Turned out, it wasn't the really expensive tests that were driving up costs, but the sheer volume of lower-cost, often unnecessary ones.
In orthopedic surgery, for example, analysts found the cost of the same joint replacement surgery, performed by 10 different surgeons, varied by as much as $19,000.
When they drilled deeper, they realized that some surgeons focused on complex trauma and cancer patients. But even after taking that into account, cost still varied widely.
One reason was the different prices of the implants. The surgeons researched quality and agreed on a standard set that worked best.
They also created quality measures, including tracking whether patients were admitted to the orthopedic surgery wing, where nurses and other staff are experienced in their after-care. They found that patients did better if they began physical therapy on the same day as their surgery, and rescheduled therapists to be available late in the day.
Patients whose care meets all the standards are considered to have “perfect care.” Since the “perfect care” standard was adopted, the percent of patients getting it has risen from 40 percent to more than 80 percent while direct patient care costs have fallen.
While all hospitals need to better understand costs, many analysts say they can do that without going to the same lengths as Utah, said Jonah Czerwinski, managing director of strategic planning at the Advisory Board.
“The challenge is striking the right balance,” he said.
Lee believes that hospitals that develop the right tools will be the most responsive. “Ultimately, the entire health care system will be held accountable to provide high quality at lower costs,” she said.
This article was produced by Kaiser Health News with support from The SCAN Foundation.
Another commission down! Just a lot more to go. ^_~
Yet another Queen Chrysie, as well. I love making her, but those holes are so much detail work!!! O-O I wish I new a cleaner way to do them, as well, but for now hand sewing will have to do.
As ever I apologize for the poor quality of the pictures. It's eternally difficult to take not blurry photos. Especially for that shot of the legs, I'd like to point out that the holes to go all the way through the legs, and some are just half circles on the edge. I hope that's obvious, anyways. >w<
She's about 16" tall and made of fleece, like all my plushies. She may be the last plushy I make for a while without embroidered eyes, as well. So that's exciting!! :3
Constructive criticism welcome as always.
AFGHAN President Hamid Karzai has stunned US officials by contradicting US military policy in the war-torn nation and demanding a significant reduction in operations against the Taliban.
In a sign of further strain in his relationship with the US, Mr Karzai said he wanted US troops to reduce their presence on Afghanistan roads and end "terrible" night raids by special operations forces on local homes.
Senior Republican senator Lindsey Graham yesterday said he was "just stunned" by Mr Karzai's remarks.
Read Next
Senator Graham said the Afghan leader's concerns were never raised during their discussions.
Speaking on US-based ABC News, the senator said the counter-insurgency strategy led by the top US commander in Afghanistan, General David Petraeus, was moving in the right direction. But it would need a further three years to work beyond the nominal date of July 2011 set by President Barack Obama to start a US troop withdrawal.
"I would just add this," Senator Graham said. "If we cannot use night raids with our Afghan partners, then that's a big loss in terms of gaining security."
The demand to scale back US-led operations in Afghanistan, made by Mr Karzai during an interview with The Washington Post, is a direct contradiction of the strategy General Petraeus has said is essential to making gains in the nine-year conflict. The US only recently completed an increase in its military presence, boosting forces above 100,000 after Mr Obama approved a 30,000 troop increase in December.
In his interview, Mr Karzai said: "The time has come to reduce military operations. The time has come to reduce the presence of, you know, boots in Afghanistan . . . to reduce the intrusiveness in daily Afghan life."
The Afghan President also highlighted what he called the "problem" of night-time raids.
"They have to go away," he said. "The Afghan people don't like these raids. If there is any raid, it has to be done by the Afghan government within the Afghan laws. This is a continuing disagreement between us."
The Afghan President said he was speaking out in the hope that his candour could help the grudging relationship with the US.
But his comments also appeared to reflect the delicate balance at this stage of the war.
While General Petraeus says he is confident a surge by US-led troops can make big gains against resistance by Taliban insurgents, Mr Karzai has been privately reaching out to Taliban leaders in the hope of reaching a possible negotiated settlement. And the Afghan leader is seeking political support among non-Taliban locals in a country tired of war.
"It's not desirable for the Afghan people either to have 100,000 or more troops going around the country endlessly," he said.
The US agrees the war will not be won by fighting alone and eventually wants to hand over security to Afghan forces. But it has serious concerns about local corruption and believes not enough Afghan locals are trained for a handover.
Image caption Peers debated the section 30 order giving new powers to Holyrood
The House of Lords has unanimously approved the legal transfer of powers to Holyrood to allow it to hold a referendum on Scottish independence.
MPs have already unanimously approved the so-called section 30 order.
Tory peer Lord Forsyth expressed concerns that the transfer of powers should only happen once the exact date and question have been agreed.
The Scottish government wants to hold its Scottish independence referendum in autumn 2014.
The UK government has control of constitutional matters but once the special section 30 order is approved by Westminster powers to hold the historic vote will be handed to Holyrood.
First Minister Alex Salmond's government will then be able to bring forward a referendum bill which will set out the wording of the question; the date of the referendum and the rules of the campaign.
Advocate general for Scotland Lord Wallace of Tankerness, introducing the order to the Lords, told peers: "Scotland's future within this United Kingdom will be the most important decision which we in Scotland take in our lifetime.
"Facilitating a legal, fair and decisive referendum is critical. That is why we consulted on the issue, that is why both the Scottish government and the United Kingdom government spent many hours discussing the process."
Analysis Alex Salmond was in London today - but not, of course, in the House of Lords where peers were debating whether to grant Holyrood the legal power to hold an independence referendum. The SNP has a policy which prevents Nationalists, however distinguished, from donning ermine. And so today's debate in their Lordships' House proceeded without a Nationalist contribution. Nonetheless, Mr Salmond was the spectre at the feast, conjured up by speaker after speaker. Spectre at the feast
But Tory Lord Forsyth, who was Scottish secretary from 1995-97, hit out at the "trust" being put in Mr Salmond.
"The Scottish government can't be a participant and a referee at the same time," he said. He warned power was being given to the Scottish Parliament "but in fact the Scottish Parliament is one man - it is Alex Salmond".
And he warned there was "creeping complacency" in the unionist campaign that was "very worrying".
Former Labour cabinet minister Lord Reid of Cardowan said the government had been "weak" on the question of timing and it was not in the interests of Scotland to delay the election until next year, but he said he was not "frightened of Alex Salmond".
Labour's Lord McConnell of Glenscorrodale, a former first minister, said Lord Forsyth was "wrong even to suggest that we should undermine the agreement between the prime minister and first minister".
But he said putting off the vote until 2014 would be harmful to the Scottish economy for years to come and he pointed to the divisive impact of the referendum on Scotland.
'Not fair'
Replying to the debate Lord Wallace told peers: "I cannot accept that the outcome of the Edinburgh Agreement was a weak one."
And addressing fears the question would be leading, he said the Electoral Commission would have to give an opinion on it.
"If they (the Scottish Parliament) choose to ignore the advice of the Electoral Commission it will come back to haunt them," he said.
Ahead of the Lords debate, Lord Forsyth told the BBC: "What I am saying to the government is look don't you think it might be wise to get from Alex Salmond a clear indication of what the question is and also have the advice from the Electoral Commission as to what they think of this proposed question.
"I think once he [Mr Salmond] has got that power he'll do exactly what he likes and the very last thing that we want is for a referendum where people argue that some aspect of it was not fair."
'Sticks in craw'
Mr Salmond hit back at the peer, saying "we don't need lessons from Lord Forsyth and the unelected House of Lords".
He added: "These people, who are in the last ditch, they cannot stand the idea that Scotland is now in charge of our own destiny - that is basically what sticks in the craw of Lord Forsyth and he and his colleagues, I suspect, will be in the last ditch for some time to come."
The section 30 order will now be sent to the Privy Council, which is a body of senior UK political figures, for final approval.
Speaking after the debate, the Scottish government minister with responsibility for the referendum, Nicola Sturgeon, said: "The Edinburgh Agreement will see the unchallengeable authority to hold Scotland's referendum legally transferred to Holyrood from Westminster.
"The news that the section 30 order required to make this transfer has now passed through both houses and will proceed to the Privy Council is another welcome step along the historic path towards the 2014 vote."
[JURIST] An Icelandic parliamentary commission on Saturday recommended that the country's former prime minister and three other former governmental ministers be tried for negligence for their roles in the country's 2008 financial crisis. The nine-member Special Investigation Committee (SIC) published a 274-page report [text, in Icelandic; press release, in Icelandic] confirming a preliminary report [materials, in Icelandic; JURIST report] published in April that found the extremely negligent actions of Iceland's former prime minister Geir Haarde, former foreign minister Solrun Gisladottir [official profiles, in Icelandic], former commerce minister Bjoergvin Sigurdsson, and former finance minister Arni Mathiesen [official profiles] were to blame for the country's financial crisis and the collapse of three Icelandic banks. The report alleges the officials were aware of the country's ailing financial sector, but failed to take the necessary steps to mitigate the impending damages to the economy. The SIC recommended the ministers be “tried and punished” for their actions. The committee will present their findings for debate before the entire Icelandic Parliament [official website] on Monday.
The parliamentary recommendation was handed down just as global bankers met in Switzerland and agreed to new international banking rules [BBC report] that would prevent a repeat of the global financial crisis. The rules would call for some banks to raise more capital from shareholders and could have the effect of limiting lending. The new rules could go into effect if they are ratified by heads of government at the G-20 [official website; JURIST news archive] summit in November. The Icelandic financial crisis began in 2008 as a result of the financial crisis [JURIST news archive] emanating from securities related to the US mortgage market. The Icelanic government took over three ailing banks, which collectively held debt equaling more than 900 percent of the country's gross domestic product. This caused the economy to collapse and necessitated governmental reliance on loans from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) [official website]. The country considered seeking accession [JURIST report] to the EU after current Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir [official profile] argued that adopting the Euro would help stabilize the economy. In 2008, the UK used anti-terrorism laws to freeze $4 billion [JURIST report] in assets held by Landsbanki [corporate website], one of the ailing banks, after its takeover by the Icelandic government.
Trump Is Playing the International Strategy Game Like a Novice Among Experts
There is a paradox that turns any normal idea about strategy on its head. In a business context, I call it the paradox of profit. Simply put, the surest path to losing money is for a company to be preoccupied with profits. The surest path to profit is to be preoccupied with benefiting society. By appealing to society's environmental concerns, Tesla now has the highest market value of any American automaker. By attempting to sidestep those concerns, Volkswagen lost $26 billion in market value in two days. A similar paradox applies to national interests. As President Donald Trump continues his international tour, he would be wise to focus on shared interests with other nations in order to truly put “America first.”
Engaging those with no natural interest in your success but with great ability to shape your opportunities or risks (those who I define as shapeholders) begins with authentically aligning a purpose that benefits both you and them. Otherwise, there is little reason for others to give your concerns a second thought. Since the end of World War II, America's purpose has been underwriting global security, promoting open markets, and investing in development. As conflicts subsided, as trade expanded, and as newly prosperous nations became customers, both America and other nations benefited.
Abandoning America's purpose and reverting to narrowly defined national interests might appeal to many. Yet a nationalistic dalliance, even if only an interlude, could harm America's ability to advance its interests by undermining the trust and deference of other nations.
In geopolitics, Russia is playing chess. China is playing Go, a game that focuses not on a decisive clash of forces like in chess does, but on strategic encirclement through subtlety, indirection, and the patient accumulation of relative advantage. The United States must strengthen its alliances to avoid a Russian checkmate and keep China from encircling a dominant sphere of influence.
In the context of a global chess match, America's queen has always been NATO. Our rook or castle in the West has long been the United Kingdom, and in the East, Japan. Canada and Mexico are America's bishops, nestling us in a safe neighborhood. Australia, India, South Korea, and Turkey have historically, like knights in chess, extended America's reach.
Putin's chess moves seek to retain popular support by convincing his own people that the West is out to get them, as he and his friends line their pockets with Russia's wealth. Putin's queen is Iran. For both Russia and Iran, Bashar al-Assad's Syria has been a pawn.
Russia has skillfully maneuvered its engagement in Syria to keep upward pressure on oil prices and destabilize Europe with refugees. By supporting nationalist candidates, Putin seeks to undermine unity within Europe. Russia's occupation of Crimea and meddling in Ukraine has raised doubts about whether NATO will honor its security guarantees.
China is more complicated. While the West tends to wait for a Clausewitz-style battle to the finish, China follows Sun Tzu's precept that “the skillful leader subdues the enemy's troops without any fighting.”
China has a 5,000-year history of worrying about China. In the world of modern commerce, that includes China's supply chains. China seeks to reestablish its dominance along the historic Silk Road and assert itself in the Western Pacific. Its desired sphere includes the largest and fastest growing half of the globe.
Given the global contests for the affections of other nations, even the perception that the United States is preoccupied with only its own interests undermines its ability to attract nations to align with its priorities.
Candidate Trump placing conditions on NATO support and referring to it as obsolete fanned the flames of doubt that Putin lit. At the NATO summit this week, Trump did little to assuage those doubts.
As for Britain, America's Western rook, the allure of significant commercial opportunities has drawn the U.K.'s interest in China's One Belt, One Road infrastructure effort. Trump's recent disclosure to Russia of intelligence obtained from allied sources has called the continuance of the “special relationship” into question.
As for Japan, America's Eastern rook, the United States canceling the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe exhibited great political courage to join has strained the relationship. Not only does pulling out of the TPP undercut America's Pacific alliances, but it paves the way for China to assemble an Asian trade alliance with America on the outside looking in, instead of a Pacific trade alliance with America at its center.
America's global power rests on it remaining unchallenged in North America, giving it the freedom to pursue foreign challenges without worrying about its position at home. There are few things that would more undermine American foreign policy than genuine friction with either of its bishops: Canada or Mexico. Trump's criticisms of the North American Free Trade Agreement and derogatory comments about Mexico seem oblivious to this reality.
As for those, who like knights in chess, could extend America's reach, China's economic gravitational pull, accentuated by its commercial might and massive infrastructure investments, is capturing the attention of South Korea, Turkey, and even Australia, although India remains skeptical.
An “America first” policy risks leaving America alone, as important allies question America's commitment and carefully weigh the attractiveness of switching or splitting their allegiances. The United States would be far better off if it followed the path of Tesla by focusing on enhancing mutual interests with others as the best path to truly keep America first.
Photo credit: DANNY GYS/AFP/Getty Images
Today, Google launched a new search feature: Recipe View!
The new search category enables users to discover recipes that have been marked-up following the hRecipe specification from a variety of sources with a new level of accuracy. Google have made it easy for users to find recipes, because authors are now making it easy for them to locate their data from within their web pages.
Wired reports:
“Our intent is to make better user expereince to see if we can jumpstart this ecosystem,” Menzel said. “That way when someone thinks ‘Hey, I just invented a great recipe, let me put it on my blog,' and that person's recipe should be a candidate.” But Menzel insists it's got to be easy and that Google doesn't want to push busy webmasters to do any work that won't result in more traffic. “This is really a pragmatic response to the dream of the semantic web,” Menzel said. “We would love if the XML world existed — it would make search awesome, but no one is going to to do it. But we need to start somewhere, and a lot of the internet is built manually by people and their time is valuable.”
ReadWriteWeb also notes:
Google didn't indicate if it has plans to expand this sort of markup into other search efforts, but it's a good reason – at the very least for recipe publishers – to mark up your websites.
We're very excited about this new feature from Google, and are pleased to see the organisation continue to support and implement open standards that are simple for authors everywhere to use.
For more information on the specification, check out the hRecipe wiki pages.
[PHOTOS] The Big Bang Theory Christmas Episode 2012 (Season 6 Episode 11)
Check out photos of the upcoming christmas episode of The Big Bang Theory “The Santa Simulation” Season 6 Episode 11 which airs Thursday Dec 13 2012 (8:00-8:31 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network.
Episode Synopsis: Sheldon revisits some Christmas memories during a game of Dungeons and Dragons, while Penny, Bernadette and Amy try to find a girl for Koothrappali when he joins the girls for ladies' night, on THE BIG BANG THEORY, Thursday, Dec. 13 (8:00 – 8:31 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network.
Show Summary: Leonard and Sheldon are brilliant physicists – wizards in the laboratory, but socially inept outside of it. Enter beautiful, free-spirited neighbor, Penny, who aims to teach them a thing or two about life. While Leonard spends his days looking for love, Sheldon is quite content video-chatting with platonic partner Amy Farrah Fowler, or playing Star Trek 3D Chess with their ever-expanding universe of friends, including fellow scientists Koothrappali and Wolowitz, and Wolowitz' fiancée, the adorable microbiologist, Bernadette.
- Advertisement -
The Koch brothers have an attack-dog website of their own, KochFacts.com, which they have used defensively and reflexively to attack me and others who've questioned or investigated the Koch brothers' vast $100 billion business. The Koch brothers refuse to testify in Congress about their interest in the pipeline, but they'll make a web video asserting their innocence.
We took the Kochs' video retreat and added a few facts from the historical record.
Maybe the Koch brothers prefer to let their allies in Congress speak for them? House Energy and Commerce Committee chair Rep. Ed Whitfield got $15,000 in donations from Koch Industries. Is he doing the Koch brothers bidding?
- Advertisement -
Whitfield is the tip of the iceberg. The Koch brothers and their employees were the single largest oil and gas donors to the committee with jurisdiction over the Keystone XL pipeline. They've contributed $279,500 to 22 of the 31 Republicans and $32,000 to five Democrats on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, according to the Los Angeles Times. It makes sense then that Whitfield and his cohorts would shy away from biting the hand that feeds them.
But the Koch brothers admit their business interests in Keystone. A Koch company website confesses to being among the "largest crude oil purchasers, shippers and exporters" at the pipeline's starting point in Northwest Canada.
What's stopping the Koch brothers from testifying under oath in Congress? Apparently the Koch brothers are OK publishing statements on KochFacts.com that they won't repeat in Congress. Why won't they testify before Congress and put the issue to rest?
- Advertisement -
Activism around the Keystone pipeline has put the Koch brothers on the defensive. We need to continue insisting the Koch brothers testify in Congress. If they'll make a video about the Keystone XL pipeline, why can't they testify about their interest in it?
I invite you to join the conversation with me on Twitter and on our Koch Brothers Exposed page on Facebook.
What really happened with guns and agents on the Arizona border? A big investigative report looks again at “Fast and Furious.”
Attorney General Eric Holder listens to Rep. Darryl Issa, R-Calif., on video screen, while testifying on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 8, 2011, before the House Judiciary Committee hearing on Operation Fast and Furious. The House voted to find Holder in contempt on June 28, 2012. (AP)
Attorney General Eric Holder was voted in contempt of Congress by the House last week. First time in history Congress has done that. The story behind the vote goes back to Operation Fast and Furious. Holder's critics describe it as an outrage of botched “gun walking” to Mexico.
A big new investigative report in Fortune magazine says the case for outrage is based on distortions, partial truths and outright lies. We'll hear from the reporter. And from a top Republican investigator who says the fury is well-aimed.
This hour, On Point: looking again at Fast and Furious.
-Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Katherine Eban, an investigative reporter who wrote a big story on the Fast and Furious scandal for Fortune.
Jason Foster, chief investigative counsel for Republican Senator Chuck Grassley on his Senate Judiciary Committee staff. [NOTE: Here are some additional comments from Foster about Fast and Furious, made after the program aired today.]
From Tom's Reading List
Fortune "A Fortune investigation reveals that the ATF never intentionally allowed guns to fall into the hands of Mexican drug cartels. How the world came to believe just the opposite is a tale of rivalry, murder, and political bloodlust."
Washington Post "But in the eyes of the man who started and oversaw Fast and ­Furious, the operation remains an example of smart law enforcement — an approach that has simply been misunderstood."
Weekly Standard "Last Thursday, Attorney General Eric Holder was called to testify before Congress. His attitude toward his questioners was by any measure unbecoming of his office. At one point he actually demanded he be “given some credit” for his performance as attorney general. Though, bad as that outburst was, it was slightly less petulant than the earlier insinuation that his critics are racist."
ATLANTA (AP) - Newly elected Democratic national chairman Tom Perez pledged on Sunday to unite a fractured party, rebuild at all levels from “school board to the Senate” and reach out to chunks of rural America left feeling forgotten in the 2016 election.
Speaking in television interviews, Perez indicated that an important first step was joining with vanquished rival Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, who agreed at Perez's invitation to serve as the Democratic National Committee's deputy chairman. Perez said the two would work hard to put out an affirmative party message while opposing President Donald Trump's policies, adding that he and Ellison were already getting a “good kick” that Trump was stirred to tweet that the DNC election was “rigged.”
“We lead with our values and we lead with our actions,” Perez said, describing a party focus that will emphasize protecting Social Security, Medicare and “growing good jobs in this economy.”
“You know, our unity as a party is our greatest strength. And it's his worst nightmare,” he said. “And, frankly, what we need to be looking at is whether this election was rigged by Donald Trump and his buddy Vladimir Putin.”
The former labor secretary in the Obama administration acknowledged that swaths of the U.S. had felt neglected, saying he had heard from rural America that “Democrats haven't been there for us recently.”
“That's exactly what we're going to do,” Perez said, stressing grass-roots efforts in all 50 states. He pointed to Democrats' success Saturday in one of their strongholds, Delaware, where they found themselves in an unexpectedly competitive race. Stephanie Hansen won a special election for a state Senate seat after vigorous party campaigning that helped preserve Democrats' control of the chamber.
As DNC chair, Perez must now rebuild a party that in the last decade has lost about 1,000 elected posts from the White House to Congress to the 50 statehouses, a power deficit Democrats have not seen nationally in 90 years.
“A lot of people feel forgotten, and we will not allow that to happen,” he said.
On Saturday, the DNC elected Perez as its chair in a competitive race that took two rounds of voting - unprecedented in recent memory for either major party. They picked Perez, who was backed by former President Barack Obama, over Ellison, backed by liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
Sanders had pushed the party's eventual nominee, Hillary Clinton, into a protracted 2016 Democratic primary fight, gaining strong support from young voters in particular as he described a primary process as “rigged” by party establishment.
Piercing cheers after Perez's election were boos, yells and expletives from more than a few young Ellison supporters in the gallery, some of them in tears. Reaction wasn't enthusiastic among the liberal groups that had embraced Sanders and have intensified their efforts since Trump's stunning victory over Clinton in the November election.
“We don't have the luxury of walking out of this room divided,” Ellison said Saturday over the jeers. Afterward, he told reporters he trusts Perez and that the burgeoning resistance movement aimed at Trump should do the same.
On Sunday, Sanders praised Ellison's strong bid to be DNC chair, taking on “Democratic insiders.” Describing the party as broken and urging a “total transformation,” the Vermont senator said Perez now “has a real opportunity on his hands. And I hope he seizes it.”
Sanders said the party has to open up to working people and youth, and “make it crystal clear that the Democratic Party is going to take on Wall Street, it's going to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry, it's going to take on corporate America that is shutting down plants in this country and moving our jobs abroad.”
Perez, the first Latino to be DNC chair, indicated Sunday that Democrats would continue to speak out forcefully against Trump's policies, even if it meant at times coming across as a “party of no.” He referred to what he described as harmful policies, such as a “racist” travel ban affecting seven predominantly Muslim countries and administration efforts that he said would restrict overtime pay and make it harder to save for retirement.
“We've seen no evidence of anything constructive from this president,” Perez said. “He's governed from the far right in everything he's done.”
Besides Trump in the Oval Office, Republicans now control Congress and about two-thirds of statehouses, and they're one Senate confirmation vote away from a conservative majority on the Supreme Court.
After Perez's victory, Trump took to his preferred medium to rub it in. “Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!” the president wrote on Twitter. Early Sunday, the president asserted that the Democratic contest was “of course, totally ‘rigged.' Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!”
Progressive Democrats reacted to Perez's election with dismay. Jim Dean, chair of Democracy for America, called Perez's election “incredibly disappointing” and said the “resistance will persist … with or without the leadership of the Democratic National Committee.” Dan Kantor, leader of the Working Families Party, said Democrats “missed an opportunity.”
The son of Dominican immigrants, Perez actually comes to the job with a demonstrably liberal record as a civil rights attorney and backer of organized labor. In the chairman's race he carried the establishment label as a Maryland resident who's spent years in the Washington orbit, working in the Justice Department and ultimately as an Obama Cabinet secretary.
Perez and Sanders spoke on CNN's “State of the Union;” Perez also appeared on NBC's “Meet the Press” and ABC's “This Week.”
___
Yen reported from Washington. Associated Press writer Michele Salcedo contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
You're probably going to hear a lot about Bob Huggins' 8-2 record against John Calipari this week, but I've got a more interesting take on the friendship between the two. This story came out when Kentucky and West Virginia faced off in 2010, but it bears repeating. When Huggins had a heart attack in 2002, it was John Calipari's cousin that helped keep him alive in the ambulance. From Brett McMurphy's New York Times article:
“They're pumping morphine in me,” Huggins said. “I kind of came to and I said, ‘What's the E.T.A.' And he said '22 minutes.' I said, ‘Man, I'm not going to make 22 minutes.' You know how they tap you on the leg and say ‘I haven't lost a patient.' I said ‘Get ready, get ready to. I'm not some old lady, man. I know what is going on. I don't have 22 minutes.'
“And so he got on and said ‘Abort, abort, abort.' They went to a closer hospital. The guy in the back of the ambulance tapped me on the leg and he said ‘Coach, don't worry, I'm Coach Calipari's cousin, I'm not going to let you die until Cal beats you at least once.'”
Kentucky Coach John Calipari tells a different version.
“When they got him and they put him on the ambulance, my cousin said ‘Coach Huggins, you're going to be all right, I'm Coach Calipari's cousin,' Calipari said.'And he went ‘Oh my goodness, I'm not going to make it.‘”
Ketamine for Mental Health Conditions: New Findings
The new discovery could lead to a ketamine treatment for depression that has all the benefits without the drug's side effects.
Researchers have figured out a way to reformat the party drug ketamine that could enable them to utilize the drug's powerful properties for treating depression without opening patients to a host of negative side effects.
Hydroxynorketamine, a chemical byproduct of ketamine created as the body breaks the drug down, has been shown in the past to reverse depressive symptoms in mice. The new research, published in the journal Nature, found that this metabolite blocks the NMDA receptor in the brain, which ketamine has also been shown to block.
Lisa Monteggia, a neuroscientist at the Peter O'Donnell Jr. Brain Institute at the University of Texas-Southwestern, who led the research, said that this finding is instrumental in understanding how ketamine and related compounds can be used to treat mental health issues.
“It pinpoints the fact that it is this receptor we need to engage or block to trigger a rapid antidepressant effect,” she told Quartz. “This is the target; this is the pathway.”
Ketamine has been praised for its ability to quickly alleviate the symptoms of depression, providing a potentially life-saving options for the sickest patients with treatment-resistant depression.
“Those [who don't respond to existing antidepressants] are the ones who become most at risk of suicide,” Monteggia said. “If you could identify more rapid antidepressants, it could have very real implications for people not only with depression, but who are potentially suicidal.”
Despite its promise, studying ketamine has been complicated by the drug's powerful side effects, which can include hallucinations, panic attacks and nausea. This makes many doctors and researchers wary of using the drug.
“As a physician, you take an oath to do no harm,” said Carolyn Rodriguez, MD, PhD, an assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford's School of Medicine. “There are caveats with ketamine. People can feel disassociated, like they are floating; some feel nauseated.”
Monteggia said that she hopes using a metabolite of ketamine will lead to treatments that have the benefits without the strong side effects. She also said that studying the way that ketamine and related compounds work on the brain could lead to a better understanding of depression and related mental health issues, as well as their treatments.
“Can we use this ketamine finding to understand how widely prescribed antidepressants work? Is there a point where they [the effects of Prozac and ketamine] intercept?” she questioned. “This has been one of the most exciting developments in the field of psychiatry in a long time.”
I might, or might not be, a huge Supernatural (SPN) fan. And, yeah ok, more precisely a Destiel shipper.
SPN's fandom is huge, especially in fanfiction. We decided to take a more precise look on the matter.
Anyway, let's get started on the nerdiness. In this post, we have a new dataset: we took the data from 2006 to 2016, but from October to October since we didn't want to see an “artificial” drop in 2016. However, AO3 only exists since 2009 so you might want to be a bit wary on the results before then. We did not put any limitation on length this time.
Good news: no decrease in the number of fics published.
What are the main ships?
Historically, Sam Winchester / Dean Winchester (“Wincest”) was the biggest ship in the fandom, which makes sense because the show was lacking other characters, it was basically two brothers all alone in America, with very few sidekicks (hi Jo, though).
After Castiel's arrival in season 4 episode 1 “Lazarus Rising”, it gradually shifted until Dean Winchester / Castiel (Destiel) became known as an “OTP” (One True Pairing). Coincidentally, we are in the middle of the Dean/Cas Big Bang 2016, which promises some exciting new fics.
Let's see the preponderance of the ships in the Fandom. This chart shows the main pairings only.
It's not a big surprise that the two major ships are Wincest and Destiel. As we already know, when Destiel rose, Wincest lost in importance, but it is still the second major ship in 2016 (more than 3500 fics between October 2015 and October 2016).
Wincest dropped significantly since the early days of SPN fics, but is still alive and quite a big percentage of fanfiction today. Even though the numbers for 2006/2007/2008 are a bit wonky, I feel like there were not that many characters then, that were not the Winchester brothers themselves.
What was more surprising is that Sabriel (Gabriel/Sam Winchester) is the third ship in the fandom – quite important since 2010. It is all the more interesting considering that Gabriel (a.k.a. “the Trickster”) appeared in 6 episodes only. He was, however, a well loved character in the fandom, probably because of his snarkiness.
“slash Reader” and “slash you” are relatively new genres (they seem to have appeared around 2013-2014) that are small but fastly growing (for Dean, Sam and Castiel at least). Also, it's basically one-shot, very short PWP. We grouped /reader and /you as “/reader”.
About the secondary ships
Do ships tend to switch between main and secondary? Jessica/Sam, John/Mary and Ruby/Sam, as main ships, lost in importance since 2006-2007. Actually, there is no non-dudeslash pairing in the top 5 since 2011 (except maybe Dean/Reader). One thing I noted about Jessica/Sam, is that they have declined in the last years but they still exist as secondary characters in fics, especially in AUs when Sam is depicted as a stable and successful in an established relationship. Let's look at the numbers (science!) to see if my first impression on the matter is accurate.
Obviously Wincest and Destiel come first and are more than 80% main ships in fanfiction. I can only suppose that Destiel as a secondary ship would be in 3+ characters ships (i.e. Sam/Castiel/Dean). John and Mary Winchester are mostly supporting characters, I often read fics where they were mentioned as a pairing, but Mary was dead and John a raging alcoholic trying to cope (see “John Winchester's A+ Parenting” tag – probably my favorite one).
Looks like my first impression about Sam and Jess was right, they are most of the time supporting characters, often present to help Dean overcome his issues.
Another explanation on some of these pairings is that they actually refer to ex-relationships that happened before the setting of the fic, see Sam/Ruby, Dean/Lisa, Castiel/Meg.
How are the ships evolving? Which are the trendiest?
This chart shows the trendy ships. We can see that the fastest growing ship is /reader and Sam/OFC (Original Female Character – its counterpart being OMC, Original Male Character). Sabriel (Sam/Gabriel) is still growing but becomes more and more secondary. Destiel seems pretty stable though. John/Mary is growing again as secondary ship. With the new season of SPN currently airing, we can only guess that Mary's presence will become more prevalent.
Let's have a compassionate thought for Benny, Ruby, and Meg… who are not looking up, which makes me a bit sad because they were amongst my favorites. Here's a gif of Benny just because.
Who's missing?
As much as I love Supernatural, it is hard to deny that it can lack interesting female characters. I, for one, loved Jo and Charlie quite a lot, and often encounter them in fanfic but more than Dean's sidekicks than anything else.
We did not mention Supernatural RPF in this post, mostly because I know nothing about it. If that's your thing, I would love to hear about it.
On a non-related note, you should totally check out Shipper's Guide to the Galaxy‘s videos on youtube, and especially this new one that I enjoyed about a Dean / Buffy pairing. Only in fandom.
While the NY State Assembly approved the same-sex marriage equality bill late yesterday, one former Giants hero stepped forward to lambaste gay marriage in an interview with the ultra-conservative National Organization for Marriage (NOM). Former Giants wide receiver David Tyree, whose dramatic catch in the 2008 Super Bowl is one of the biggest plays in Giants history, said the country could fall into "anarchy", and "that will be the moment where our society in itself loses its grip with what's right." Check out the full video, as well as quotes from it, below.
It's about what's right. It's about how can marriage be marriage for thousands of years and now all of the sudden, because a minority, an influential minority, has a push or an agenda and totally reshapes something that was not founded in our country, not founded by man, it is something that is holy and sacred. I think there is nothing more honorable, worth fighting for, especially if we really care about our future generations. What I know will happen if this does come forth is this will be the beginning of our country sliding toward, it is a strong word, but anarchy. The moment we have, if you trace back even to other cultures, other countries, that will be the moment where our society in itself loses its grip with what's right. Marriage is one of those things that is the backbone of society. So if you redefine it, it changes the way we educate our children, it changes the perception of what is good, what is right, what is just.
Tyree also implied that he doesn't believe that same-sex couples could raise a child: "This is what I do know. You can't teach something that you don't have. So two men will never be able to show a woman how to be a woman. That's just, for lack of better terms, common sense." Tyree said his beliefs stem from his relationship with God, which puts his statements in line with several pastors from Harlem who have spoken out against Harlem Gay Pride events because homosexuality is "a slippery slope."
In recent weeks, other fellow Giants have come out to support gay marriage. Former Giants defensive end Michael Strahan and his fiancee Nicole Murphy, as well as Giants co-owner Steve Tisch, all made videos supporting the legislation for the Human Rights Campaign.
WWE Titans: Parts Unknown is a cancelled wrestling game, which was in development at Next Level Games (best known for Super Mario Strikers and Punch-Out for Wii) during 2004. It was planned for release on the Playstation 2 and Xbox. This 1 vs. 1 fighter was cancelled for unknown reasons by its publisher, THQ.
It appears the game never fully entered development and was subject to cancellation fairly early on. It's possible a prototype for it was created at one point, although no media of one has ever been recovered. It seems that Next Level developed a proposal to take WWE games in a very different direction, but the pitch was shot down by THQ. A variety of concept images from the planned game have since been unearthed from the blogs of former Next Level Games artists.
Titans attempted to add a bold, new spin on the formula of previous WWE games. Its art style was very different from the norm of the series, featuring exaggerated character designs and more cinematic locales for its stages.
The level settings of WWE Titans were varied and diverse, in comparison to other wrestling games. They ranged from urban environments, like the rooftops of a sprawling city, to the top of an old castle in a desolate, snowy wilderness. It appears that some of the individual wrestlers had arenas dedicated to them, as one of the concepts is labelled “Cena Stage”.
Alongside a number of established wrestlers, the team also experimented with its own original cast members made for the game. In one of the drawings created for the project, we can see they played around with the idea of adding anthropomorphic warriors, based upon animals like crocodiles and bears; in addition to sorcerer characters.
Aside from the stylised look of Titans, there remains little information available on its planned gameplay mechanics. One big feature we have been able to ascertain is destructible environments, which appear to have been one of the title's key focuses. Work made by one of Next Level's artists detailed how players would have been able to destroy the walls around the castle arena.
Images:
What do you think about this unseen game? Give your vote!
(7 votes, average: 4.00 out of 5)
votes, average:out of 5) Loading... Loading...
Would you like to add more info, screens or videos to this page? Add a comment below!
(your first comment will be moderated before to be published)
Domestic Dispute Leads to Shooting Early Sunday Afternoon in Central Lubbock, Two Arrested Photos by EverythingLubbock.com staff. [ + - ] Photo by EverythingLubbock.com staff. [ + - ] Photo by EverythingLubbock.com staff. [ + - ] Photo by EverythingLubbock.com staff. [ + - ] Ricky Ronnie Alvarez (Photo from the Lubbock County Detention Center) [ + - ] Ruben Scott Alvarez (Photo from the Lubbock County Detention Center) [ + - ] Video
LUBBOCK, TX - A domestic dispute turned violent early Sunday afternoon in Central Lubbock resulting in one person being shot and two others arrested.
The incident occurred in the 1100 block of 53rd Street after 1:00 p.m.
Lubbock Police told EverythingLubbock.com the mother of two children went to the home to pick them up from their father. The mother was accompanied by two male companions.
Police said an argument of some sort began and there were also reports of a fist fight. It was at this point the father reportedly went into the home and returned with a gun.
Authorities said the father then allegedly shot one of the male companions. The mother told police the victim shot was her cousin.
"He was shot in the leg, he was crying, it was pretty bad because he had his leg kinda halfway up in the air," said neighbor Jennifer Martinez who said she witnessed the shooting.
Ricky Ronnie Alvarez, 27, was arrested and is charged with one count of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Ruben Scott Alvarez, 36, was also arrested at the scene. He is charged with one count of hindering apprehension or prosecution.
The victim was transported to University Medical Center with a gunshot wound to the ankle.
Authorities released the children to the custody of the mother following the incident.
Police said they believe the weapon used was an AR-15 rifle because they found an AR-15 round at the scene. As of Sunday afternoon they had not located the gun.
Neighbors in the area say that seeing citizens and officers armed on their block has them nervous about going outside.
"The last three years I've been here it's been real nice, and all of a sudden it's been thieving and stealing stuff, and now this--a shooting--it's crazy, it's awful, it makes me want to move really," said Dinah Flores who lives nearby.
"Why don't they sit down and talk to each other instead of shooting each other?" wondered another neighbor.
Stay with EverythingLubbock.com for additional updates on this story.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Please sit down. Please sit down. Thank you. I love you all. You'll have to forgive me. I've lost my voice in screaming and lamentation this weekend. And I have lost my mind sometime earlier this year. So I have to read.
Thank you, Hollywood foreign press. Just to pick up on what Hugh Laurie said. You and all of us in this room, really, belong to the most vilified segments in American society right now. Think about it. Hollywood, foreigners, and the press. But who are we? And, you know, what is Hollywood anyway? It's just a bunch of people from other places.
I was born and raised and created in the public schools of New Jersey. Viola [Davis] was born in a sharecropper's cabin in South Carolina, and grew up in Central falls, Rhode Island. Sarah Paulson was raised by a single mom in Brooklyn. Sarah Jessica Parker was one of seven or eight kids from Ohio. Amy Adams was born in Italy. Natalie Portman was born in Jerusalem. Where are their birth certificates? And the beautiful Ruth Negga was born in Ethiopia, raised in ― no, in Ireland, I do believe. And she's here nominated for playing a small town girl from Virginia. Ryan Gosling, like all the nicest people, is Canadian. And Dev Patel was born in Kenya, raised in London, is here for playing an Indian raised in Tasmania.
Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners. If you kick ‘em all out, you'll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts. They gave me three seconds to say this. An actor's only job is to enter the lives of people who are different from us and let you feel what that feels like. And there were many, many, many powerful performances this year that did exactly that, breathtaking, passionate work.
There was one performance this year that stunned me. It sank its hooks in my heart. Not because it was good. There was nothing good about it. But it was effective and it did its job. It made its intended audience laugh and show their teeth. It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter, someone he outranked in privilege, power, and the capacity to fight back. It kind of broke my heart when I saw it. I still can't get it out of my head because it wasn't in a movie. It was real life.
And this instinct to humiliate, when it's modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down into everybody's life, because it kind of gives permission for other people to do the same thing. Disrespect invites disrespect. Violence incites violence. When the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose.
This brings me to the press. We need the principled press to hold power to account, to call them on the carpet for every outrage.That's why our founders enshrined the press and its freedoms in our constitution. So I only ask the famously well-heeled Hollywood Foreign Press and all of us in our community to join me in supporting the committee to protect journalists. Because we're going to need them going forward. And they'll need us to safeguard the truth.
One more thing. Once when I was standing around on the set one day whining about something, we were going to work through supper, or the long hours or whatever, Tommy Lee Jones said to me, isn't it such a privilege, Meryl, just to be an actor. Yeah, it is. And we have to remind each other of the privilege and the responsibility of the act of empathy. We should all be very proud of the work Hollywood honors here tonight.
As my friend, the dear departed Princess Leia, said to me once, take your broken heart, make it into art. Thank you.”
In our preview we got this game wrong – not in our choice of whom the winner would be, but in our prediction of an intense, close encounter. It was not close at all.
In fact for the second time this year, the Springboks, supposedly improving, conceded a record score. In September New Zealand beat the Springboks 57-0, a record. This Saturday, two months later, Ireland beat the Springboks 38-3, a record. Previously Ireland highest score and biggest win was 32-15 in 2006. In 2006 Ireland scored four tries to two; this time it was four tries to a convincing nil.
It's fine to aim for process ahead of victory if process means progress. If their performance against Ireland was an example of process, it is one without progress. It is regression.
It is the fifth Springboks match without a victory after being beaten twice by New Zealand and drawing twice with Australia. But this one is in a league of its own.
All praise to Ireland. They knew what they were doing and they did it expertly, even if it was predictable. It was predictable that they would attack Courtnall Skosan and they did so with profit either with kicks by Conor Murray or accepting the gift of an overlap on that wing.
The scrums were expected to be a massive contest. They were not, because the Springboks were penalised four times at scrums and freekicked once. Late in the match the Irish destroyed a South African scrum, kicked out the resulting penalty, mauled and scored a try. The Springbok pack was beaten.
The Springbok backs achieved nothing. Ireland backs were involved; Dyllin Leyds managed some involvement, Skosan none. In fact, even though the Springboks had more possession and advantageous territory than the Irish, even their attacking seemed defensive.
If this is an augury for the rest of the tour, the Springbok will end up gutted.
One man made a huge difference between the two teams – Conor Murray, emphasising yet again the importance of the scrumhalf role. The Springboks knew he was going to boxkick. Their knowledge counted for nothing as they had no way of coping with it. Murray passed without taking steps to deprive his backs' of space and his decision-making was faultless. The score would have been different if he had played for the Springboks.
There had been rain in Dublin before the match and it was cold. The players' breath told you that. In the cold the players stood for introductions to the president and the singing of three anthems. Elton Jantjies kicked off deep, and Ireland kicked out for a line-out on the half-way line.
From the line-out, Coenie Oosthuizen was tackled, injured and taken off on a mobile stretcher, apparently with an injured ankle. Wilco Louw took his place.
Of the first four scrums, two were penalised and one produced a free kick. Tendai Mtawarira, South Africa's most capped prop was penalised at the first scrum, and Jonny Sexton gave Ireland 3-0 lead after four minutes.
South Africa's backs had a great opportunity to score as they went left and had a four-against-one situation but Damian de Allende kicked ahead and South Africa lost ground and a golden opportunity. They had just one other in the match.
From a scrum free kick, Ireland tapped and ran. Lood de Jager was penalised for not rolling out of a tackle and Sexton made it 6-0 after 14 minutes. Five minutes later Siya Kolisi kicked the ball out of a ruck and Sexton made it 9-0.
Then came – alleluia – a try. From a line-out, Ireland mauled and Murray kicked a box kick. Skosan missed it, Andrew Conway got the ball and ran some 24 metres to score in the right corner. 14-0 after 26 minutes.
At 28 minutes, Ireland were penalised for being offside, South Africa's first penalty in the match. The kick at goal was a simple one but the Springboks opted to kick for touch. Jantjies's kick was a weak one, producing a line some 15 metres from the Irish goal-line.
The Springboks had their second chance to score a try as they went wide left and Skosan had an overlap but Kolisi's no-look pass went in to touch.
When the second half got under way, the Springboks looked lively and eager to run, but it gradually faded away, but not before they got their only points for the match.
CJ Stander tackled Mtawarira high and Jantjies goaled, 14-3 after 44-minutes.
That little gain was wiped out when somebody was penalised at a tackle and Sexton goaled again. 17-3 after 56 minutes.
At this stage the Springboks began making changes. On came Steven Kitshoff, Francois Venter and Handré Pollard. But the Irish looked set to score when Ross Cronje took four steps to his left before throwing a pass which tall Devin Toner knocked on in attempting an intercept.
In the last 10 minutes Ireland scored 21 points, from three tries.
From a line-out on their left after a scrum penalty, they went wide right where Conway had an overlap. The ball came back inside and Rhys Ruddock scored the try. 24-3 after 72 minutes.
Ireland destroyed a South African scrum. The Springboks were penalised and Ireland kicked out for a five-metre line-out. They mauled and Rob Herring, a Capetonian, scored the try. This time it was Joey Carbery who converted. 31-3 after 77 minutes.
Carbery got the last try rolling when he kicked a wide diagonal to the right. Darren Sweetman did well to latch onto the rolling ball near the touch line and from wide right Ireland went wide left and a try in the left corner by Jacob Stockdale, which Carbery converted from touch.
38-3 – a record.
Man of the Match: Conor Murray. Sexton was brilliant but Murray really commanded the game.
Moment of the Match: That scrum when Ireland destroyed the Springbok scrum, which clearly had capitulated and the capitulation then became more apparent when Ireland mauled and scored the try.
Villain of the Match: Nobody. This was an honourable rugby match, just not a sparkling one.
The scorers:
For Ireland:
Tries: Conway, Ruddock, Herring, Stockdale
Cons: Sexton, Carbery 2
Pens: Sexton 4
For South Africa:
Pen: Jantjies
Teams
Ireland: 15 Rob Kearney, 14 Andrew Conway, 13 Robbie Henshaw, 12 Bundee Aki, 11 Jacob Stockdale, 10 Johnny Sexton, 9 Conor Murray, 8 Christiaan Stander, 7 Sean O'Brien, 6 Peter O'Mahony, 5 Devin Toner, 4 Iain Henderson, 3 Tadhg Furlong, 2 Rory Best (captain), 1 Cian Healy.
Replacements: 16 Rob Herring, 17 Dave Kilcoyne, 18 John Ryan, 19 James Ryan, 20 Rhys Ruddock, 21 Kieran Marmion, 22 Joey Carbery, 23 Darren Sweetnam.
South Africa: 15 Andries Coetzee, 14 Dillyn Leyds, 13 Jesse Kriel, 12 Damian de Allende, 11 Courtnall Skosan, 10 Elton Jantjies, 9 Ross Cronje, 8 Francois Louw, 7 Pieter-Steph du Toit, 6 Siyamthanda Kolisi, 5 Lodewyk de Jager, 4 Eben Etzebeth (captain), 3 Coenraad Oosthuizen, 2 Malcolm Marx, 1 Tendai Mtawarira.
Replacements: 16 Mbongeni Mbonambi, 17 Steven Kitshoff, 18 Wilco Louw, 19 Franco Mostert, 20 Uzair Cassiem, 21 Rudy Paige, 22 Handré Pollard, 23 Francois Venter.
Referee: Ben O'Keeffe (New Zealand)
Assistant referees: Wayne Barnes (England), Ian Davies (Wales)
TMO: David Grashoff (England)
PV: 2
For the justice department of the state of Victoria, see Department of Justice and Regulation
Victoria Dawn Justice (born February 19, 1993) is an American actress and singer. She rose to fame on Nickelodeon in the 2000s, starring as Lola Martinez on Zoey 101 (2005–2008) and later Tori Vega on Victorious (2010–2013). Justice has also appeared in the films The Boy Who Cried Werewolf (2010), Fun Size (2012), The First Time (2012) and Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List (2015).[1] In 2015, she starred in the lead role as Lindy Sampson on the MTV television series Eye Candy. In music, Justice has recorded several songs for the soundtracks of her acting projects, including Victorious and the Nickelodeon musical Spectacular!.
Early life
Victoria Dawn Justice was born on February 19, 1993, in Hollywood, Florida, the daughter of Serene Reed and Zack Justice.[2] Her father is of English, German, and Irish descent, while her mother, originally from the Bronx, is of Puerto Rican ancestry.[3][4]
She has a younger half-sister named Madison Grace Reed.[5] She and her family relocated to Hollywood, California in 2003.[6] While filming Victorious, Justice attended Cleveland High School before completing her diploma through a home school program.[4][7]
In 2013, Justice lived with her parents in a Encino Hills home she purchased.[8]
Career
2003–2009: Career beginnings
In 2003, Justice began her acting career when she was 10 years old, making a guest appearance on the Gilmore Girls episode "The Hobbit, the Sofa and Digger Stiles." Justice portrayed Jill No. 2, a walk-on role.[9] After her appearance in the series, her family moved to Los Angeles, when Justice began to pursue a career in acting.
The following year, Justice guest-starred on the second episode of the Disney channel series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, in which she played a young pageant contestant named Rebecca. Later, Justice was cast as Stella, a young girl who begins seeing visions of Mary Magdalene,[10] in the 2005 drama-thriller Mary. The film debuted at 2005 Venice Film Festival, and was later shown at several other festivals, including the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival, Deauville Film Festival and the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
In 2005, Justice was accepted into the musical theatre program at the Millikan Performing Arts Academy in Los Angeles.[11] She appeared in advertisements for companies such as Ralph Lauren, Gap, Guess, Mervyn's, Peanut Butter Toast Crunch, and Ovaltine.[12]
Justice in April 2008
During the same year, Justice landed a main role in the Nickelodeon series Zoey 101 as Lola Martinez, a new student who is an aspiring actress.[13][14] On landing the role, she said, "I was extremely happy; I was bouncing up and down and screaming. That was a really great moment."[15] Justice's character was introduced in the second season on September 11, 2005. Justice also made a cameo appearance in the R-rated film When Do We Eat?, and played the role of Rose in the Hallmark television film Silver Bells, the latter of which became a Hallmark Hall of Fame film.
In 2006, Justice made a guest appearance on an episode of Everwood in the episode "Enjoy the Ride." Also in 2006, Justice played the supporting role of Holly in the thriller film The Garden. The film was met with negative reviews from critics.[16]
Justice released a cover of "A Thousand Miles" by Vanessa Carlton[17] in 2007. Zoey 101 ended its run on May 2, 2008. In 2009, she announced plans to guest star on an episode of Nickelodeon's series The Naked Brothers Band. The TV special, titled Valentine Dream Date featured Justice portraying herself.[18] Justice did not record new music until 2009, when she starred in the Nickelodeon musical Spectacular!, in which Justice performs three songs. The film aired on Nickelodeon on February 16, 2009.[19][20] The film became one of Nickelodeon's most popular movies, attracting an audience 3.7 million viewers on its premiere night.[21] The film received generally positive reviews from several critics, holding a 76% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes as of 2011.[22]
After the success of The Naked Brothers Band special in which Justice guest starred, she appeared in another episode, "The Premiere," on April 11, 2009. She later appeared in episodes of iCarly,[23] True Jackson, VP, The Troop, and BrainSurge. Justice announced in 2009 that she would be working on a thriller film, set for theatrical release. It was later announced the film would feature Dylan Sprouse and Cole Sprouse.[24] Unlike initial plans of a theatrical release, the film had a limited preview release on December 12, 2009, and was returned to post production. Despite this, the film's worldwide release was canceled.[25]
2010–2013: Victorious
Justice singing in August 2011
Justice confirmed that she would be starring in her own musical show on Nickelodeon called Victorious, explaining the show's genesis thus: "I was on Zoey 101. When I was 12, Dan Schneider cast me as a new character, Lola Martinez. From there, I worked with him for three years, on three seasons of Zoey 101. And, after that, Dan found out that I could also sing and dance as well as act, so he thought it would be really cool to create a show for me on Nickelodeon, called Victorious."[26] The pilot for the show debuted on March 27, 2010, and received 5.7 million views, making it the second-highest rated premiere for a live-action Nickelodeon series.[27] The original broadcast of this episode took place following the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards. Justice recorded several songs for the series throughout its run. Justice had the opportunity to share a recording set during the series' recordings, with different young artists who, like her, were in search of artistic possibilities, some of them were Ariana Grande, JC Gonzalez, Leon Thomas III, Matt Bennett, Jake Farrow, Elizabeth Gillies, among others, participating in several seasons dominated by episodes such as The Bird Scene, Tori the Zombie and Survival of the Hottest.
Justice later guest-starred on the animated series The Penguins of Madagascar, voicing the character of Stacy in the episode "Badger Pride." Justice starred in the 2010 Nickelodeon television movie The Boy Who Cried Werewolf, playing Jordan Sands, a girl who is transformed into a werewolf following her move to a creepy manor.[28] The film was a major success for the network, drawing in 5.8 million viewers for the premiere.[29] The film received generally positive reviews from critics. The film currently holds a 69% approval rate on Rotten Tomatoes based on 24 reviews.[30] Victorious ended its run on February 2, 2013.[26] Justice played the lead role Wren in the comedy Fun Size, released on October 26, 2012.
2013–present: Continued acting and music
In a 2010 interview with the Associated Press, she stated that she was recording an album, but planned to take her time with the process.[31] In October 2012, she revealed she would release her debut album in 2013.[32] Justice's debut single "Gold" was released on June 18, 2013.[33] In August 2014, Billboard revealed that Justice had left Columbia Records, but was recording new music to be released in 2015. Two songs have premiered on Justice's YouTube channel, including "Girl Up."[34] "Girl Up" was written by Justice and Toby Gad for the Girl Up movement, which helps girls in developing countries.[35]
On October 11, 2013, it was announced that Justice was cast as Lindy Sampson in MTV's Eye Candy, a cyber thriller based on the novel by R. L. Stine.[36] The series was cancelled after one season. That same year, it was announced that Justice was cast in Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List[37] alongside Pierson Fode. The film had its world premiere at the Outfest Film Festival on July 17, 2015.[37] It was later released on September 18, 2015 through video on demand.[38] Justice also competed against Gregg Sulkin in an episode of Lip Sync Battle that aired July 30, 2015, performing Bonnie Tyler's "Total Eclipse of the Heart" and Nelly's "Hot in Herre".[39]
Justice was also cast in The Outcasts as Jodie. The film was released on April 14, 2017.[40]
On October 20, 2016, Justice played Janet Weiss, one of the lead roles in The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let's Do the Time Warp Again.[41] Starring an ensemble cast led by Laverne Cox, the film premiered on the Fox network. It is a tribute[42] to the cult classic 1975 film of the same name and directed by Kenny Ortega, using the original script written by Richard O'Brien and Jim Sharman.
Philanthropy
Justice has taken part in several charity events, supporting charities such as the United Nations Foundation, which benefits numerous causes such as AIDS, Children, Environment, Health, Human Rights and Peace.[43]
On September 30, 2010, Justice announced she would be joining the Charity Campaign Girl Up. When asked about joining, she stated "I'm so excited to become a Champion for Girl Up and to help make a difference for girls who aren't given the same opportunities that most of us take for granted. I know that there are plenty of girls throughout the country who are just like me—ready and motivated to stand up for the rights and well-being of girls in the developing world. I am confident that, together, we will rise to the challenge." Justice joined Girl Up on September 30, 2010, for the campaign's official launch in New York City and went on to support the "Unite for Girls" tour, which traveled to cities across the United States. She visited Girl Up-supported programs in developing countries to observe first-hand the impact the programs can have on girls and communities.[44] During an interview with Seventeen, Justice stated, "I was looking into different charities and hearing these girls in Guatemala and Africa talk about having to walk miles for water and crying because they don't have any money to go to school. It just really broke my heart, so I want to spread the word as much as I can and get other people working together. Before you know it we can actually make a difference."[45]
Influences
Justice's musical influences include Michael Jackson,[46] Madonna, Britney Spears, Pink, Sara Bareilles, The Jackson 5, The Beatles, Amy Winehouse, Lily Allen, Hall & Oates, Billy Joel, Carly Simon, Karen Carpenter,[47] Elton John, Alanis Morissette, Carole King and Diana Ross.[48]
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
Tours
Headlining
Make It in America Tour (2012)
Co-headlining
Awards and nominations
See also
We speak to Dr Arcanonn, the 'lead researcher' of the intersterallar research group.
1 – WHAT EXACTLY DOES THE CANONN GET UP TO? WHAT ARE THEY ALL ABOUT?
In addition to long debates about biscuits, we theorise and conduct research into the Unknown Artefact mystery, on a grand scale.
We have hundreds of CMDRs flying around the galaxy looking at places of interest, tracking down (and, ahem, occasionally pirating) suspicious NPC convoys, observing and recording UA behaviour, as well as securing our own home system. We want to be there as the mystery develops and want to ensure that humanity follows the ‘right path' when the time comes.
We have also been investigating other mysteries, such as the disappearance of SS1 and the source of the Cerberus plague outbreak.
2 – WHAT IS YOUR INVOLVEMENT IN THE CANONN? WERE YOU THERE WHEN IT FIRST STARTED OUT?
I am technically the lead researcher for the group, however, my council makes most of the decisions for me now, whilst I eat biscuits.
Luckily they still seem to listen to me when I say something, but to be honest I do a lot of nodding and appearing to mull things over… In truth I'm just waiting to get back to the soft play area I've had installed in the lab using the donations from the members.
Some say that it was me who started the whole thing, and I must confess I sometimes look at myself in the mirror and say ‘I never asked to be a celebrity, leader of an interstellar organisation, or de-facto ruler of an entire planetary system, but I'll take it!'
3 – HOW DID THE CANONN FIRST GET STARTED?
I put up an innocent post about a possible correlation between Soontill Relics and Michael Brookes' endless proclamations of ‘SoonTM'. The subject of UAs cropped up, and was initially thought to be a hoax, but this changed when Michael posted in the thread the, now legendary, question ‘have you listened to them?'
The hunt was on and, when CMDR RedWizzard finally found and secured one, we really listened to it.
Days of observations, recordings, speculation and tens of theories later, a hidden morse message was found within the Unknown Artefact sound.
Eventually I pulled together a team to start posting to Galnet. This required a group name and, after much discussion, ‘The Canonn' was chosen. From there, it's just snowballed.
4 – WHAT ARE SOME OF THE CANONN'S MOST INTERESTING MOMENTS/The PROUDEST ACHIEVEMENTS?
The recent Educating Ed live stream was fantastic and is attracting more scientists to us, and to the mystery, daily. Reaching the thread limit on the Forums three times is pretty huge, too (now over 30k posts total). Also, we were recently mentioned on an official Galnet, which was a nice surprise, if slightly scary!
In terms of the UA mystery, and these aren't all exclusively Canonn achievements, but, finding the Morse code, figuring out the encoded ship images and discovering the ‘UA Shell' around Merope are probably the biggest so far.
CMDR RedWizzard, who captured the first UA, also wanted to add:
“On a personal note, the fight to liberate that first UA from the convoy was epic and meeting up with more than a dozen other Cmdrs to do the first listening test was amazing. The whole thing is probably the most exhilarating gaming experience I've ever had.”
5 – HOW CAN PEOPLE GET INVOLVED WITH THE CANONN?
Jump into the thread (search ‘UAs Barnacles' on the Frontier Forums) and join up on the website at http://canonn.science.
Everyone is welcome, and it doesn't matter if you're already involved with other groups. Whatever your play style, the Canonn will have something for you!
6 – WHY DO YOU DEDICATE SO MUCH OF YOUR TIME TO THE ELITE DANGEROUS COMMUNITY?
The Canonn was really a community effort from day one, and the number of CMDRs involved has ballooned over that time. The camaraderie and cooperation is unlike anything I've experienced in a game before, and it really enriches the experience on a daily basis. Elite fans really are ‘elite' fans!
7 – HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN PLAYING ELITE FOR?
Since '84, of course!
8 – WHAT'S NEXT FOR THE CANONN WITH HORIZONS OUT NOW?
Our (virtual) Capital Ship, the RSV Gnosis, is in the seemingly very special Merope system with as many CMDRs as possible to conduct a deep scientific survey of all its airless planets & moons, in our shiny new SRVs. Initially we were looking for anything we could find – and now we're looking for Barnacles!
Rest assured - we will leave no stone unturned – if there's something unusual or ‘unknown' to be found down there – we will find it!
9 – DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING ELSE YOU'D LIKE TO TELL THE ELITE COMMUNITY ABOUT?
To those CMDRs who are still not sure about joining a player group because they fear it will stop them being able to follow their own path: The Canonn won't tell you how to play, and won't be offended if you want to go and do your own thing. It's all about fun, science, biscuits and cooperation for us, and we'd be honoured to have you on board! Science is everywhere in Elite Dangerous – you just have to look for it!
Introduction
As I was browsing the web and catching up on some sites I visit periodically, I found a cool article from Tom Hayden about using Amazon Elastic Map Reduce (EMR) and mrjob in order to compute some statistics on win/loss ratios for chess games he downloaded from the millionbase archive, and generally have fun with EMR. Since the data volume was only about 1.75GB containing around 2 million chess games, I was skeptical of using Hadoop for the task, but I can understand his goal of learning and having fun with mrjob and EMR. Since the problem is basically just to look at the result lines of each file and aggregate the different results, it seems ideally suited to stream processing with shell commands. I tried this out, and for the same amount of data I was able to use my laptop to get the results in about 12 seconds (processing speed of about 270MB/sec), while the Hadoop processing took about 26 minutes (processing speed of about 1.14MB/sec).
After reporting that the time required to process the data with 7 c1.medium machine in the cluster took 26 minutes, Tom remarks
This is probably better than it would take to run serially on my machine but probably not as good as if I did some kind of clever multi-threaded application locally.
This is absolutely correct, although even serial processing may beat 26 minutes. Although Tom was doing the project for fun, often people use Hadoop and other so-called Big Data ™ tools for real-world processing and analysis jobs that can be done faster with simpler tools and different techniques.
One especially under-used approach for data processing is using standard shell tools and commands. The benefits of this approach can be massive, since creating a data pipeline out of shell commands means that all the processing steps can be done in parallel. This is basically like having your own Storm cluster on your local machine. Even the concepts of Spouts, Bolts, and Sinks transfer to shell pipes and the commands between them. You can pretty easily construct a stream processing pipeline with basic commands that will have extremely good performance compared to many modern Big Data ™ tools.
An additional point is the batch versus streaming analysis approach. Tom mentions in the beginning of the piece that after loading 10000 games and doing the analysis locally, that he gets a bit short on memory. This is because all game data is loaded into RAM for the analysis. However, considering the problem for a bit, it can be easily solved with streaming analysis that requires basically no memory at all. The resulting stream processing pipeline we will create will be over 235 times faster than the Hadoop implementation and use virtually no memory.
Learn about the data
The first step in the pipeline is to get the data out of the PGN files. Since I had no idea what kind of format this was, I checked it out on Wikipedia.
[Event "F/S Return Match"] [Site "Belgrade, Serbia Yugoslavia|JUG"] [Date "1992.11.04"] [Round "29"] [White "Fischer, Robert J."] [Black "Spassky, Boris V."] [Result "1/2-1/2"] (moves from the game follow...)
We are only interested in the results of the game, which only have 3 real outcomes. The 1-0 case means that white won, the 0-1 case means that black won, and the 1⁄ 2 -1⁄ 2 case means the game was a draw. There is also a - case meaning the game is ongoing or cannot be scored, but we ignore that for our purposes.
Acquire sample data
The first thing to do is get a lot of game data. This proved more difficult than I thought it would be, but after some looking around online I found a git repository on GitHub from rozim that had plenty of games. I used this to compile a set of 3.46GB of data, which is about twice what Tom used in his test. The next step is to get all that data into our pipeline.
Build a processing pipeline
If you are following along and timing your processing, don't forget to clear your OS page cache as otherwise you won't get valid processing times.
Shell commands are great for data processing pipelines because you get parallelism for free. For proof, try a simple example in your terminal.
sleep 3 | echo "Hello world."
Intuitively it may seem that the above will sleep for 3 seconds and then print Hello world but in fact both steps are done at the same time. This basic fact is what can offer such great speedups for simple non-IO-bound processing systems capable of running on a single machine.
Before starting the analysis pipeline, it is good to get a reference for how fast it could be and for this we can simply dump the data to /dev/null .
cat *.pgn > /dev/null
In this case, it takes about 13 seconds to go through the 3.46GB, which is about 272MB/sec. This would be a kind of upper-bound on how quickly data could be processed on this system due to IO constraints.
Now we can start on the analysis pipeline, the first step of which is using cat to generate the stream of data.
cat *.pgn
Since only the result lines in the files are interesting, we can simply scan through all the data files, and pick out the lines containing ‘Results' with grep .
cat *.pgn | grep "Result"
This will give us only the Result lines from the files. Now if we want, we can simply use the sort and uniq commands in order to get a list of all the unique items in the file along with their counts.
cat *.pgn | grep "Result" | sort | uniq -c
This is a very straightforward analysis pipeline, and gives us the results in about 70 seconds. While we can certainly do better, assuming linear scaling this would have taken the Hadoop cluster approximately 52 minutes to process.
In order to reduce the speed further, we can take out the sort | uniq steps from the pipeline, and replace them with AWK, which is a wonderful tool/language for event-based data processing.
cat *.pgn | grep "Result" | awk '{ split($0, a, "-"); res = substr(a[1], length(a[1]), 1); if (res == 1) white++; if (res == 0) black++; if (res == 2) draw++;} END { print white+black+draw, white, black, draw }'
This will take each result record, split it on the hyphen, and take the character immediately to the left, which will be a 0 in the case of a win for black, a 1 in the case of a win for white, or a 2 in the case of a draw. Note that $0 is a built-in variable that represents the entire record.
This reduces the running time to approximately 65 seconds, and since we're processing twice as much data this is a speedup of around 47 times.
So even at this point we already have a speedup of around 47 with a naive local solution. Additionally, the memory usage is effectively zero since the only data stored is the actual counts, and incrementing 3 integers is almost free in memory space terms. However, looking at htop while this is running shows that grep is currently the bottleneck with full usage of a single CPU core.
Parallelize the bottlenecks
This problem of unused cores can be fixed with the wonderful xargs command, which will allow us to parallelize the grep . Since xargs expects input in a certain way, it is safer and easier to use find with the -print0 argument in order to make sure that each file name being passed to xargs is null-terminated. The corresponding -0 tells xargs to expected null-terminated input. Additionally, the -n how many inputs to give each process and the -P indicates the number of processes to run in parallel. Also important to be aware of is that such a parallel pipeline doesn't guarantee delivery order, but this isn't a problem if you are used to dealing with distributed processing systems. The -F for grep indicates that we are only matching on fixed strings and not doing any fancy regex, and can offer a small speedup, which I did not notice in my testing.
find . -type f -name '*.pgn' -print0 | xargs -0 -n1 -P4 grep -F "Result" | gawk '{ split($0, a, "-"); res = substr(a[1], length(a[1]), 1); if (res == 1) white++; if (res == 0) black++; if (res == 2) draw++;} END { print NR, white, black, draw }'
This results in a run time of about 38 seconds, which is an additional 40% or so reduction in processing time from parallelizing the grep step in our pipeline. This gets us up to approximately 77 times faster than the Hadoop implementation.
Although we have improved the performance dramatically by parallelizing the grep step in our pipeline, we can actually remove this entirely by having awk filter the input records (lines in this case) and only operate on those containing the string “Result”.
find . -type f -name '*.pgn' -print0 | xargs -0 -n1 -P4 awk '/Result/ { split($0, a, "-"); res = substr(a[1], length(a[1]), 1); if (res == 1) white++; if (res == 0) black++; if (res == 2) draw++;} END { print white+black+draw, white, black, draw }'
You may think that would be the correct solution, but this will output the results of each file individually, when we want to aggregate them all together. The resulting correct implementation is conceptually very similar to what the MapReduce implementation would be.
find . -type f -name '*.pgn' -print0 | xargs -0 -n4 -P4 awk '/Result/ { split($0, a, "-"); res = substr(a[1], length(a[1]), 1); if (res == 1) white++; if (res == 0) black++; if (res == 2) draw++ } END { print white+black+draw, white, black, draw }' | awk '{games += $1; white += $2; black += $3; draw += $4; } END { print games, white, black, draw }'
By adding the second awk step at the end, we obtain the aggregated game information as desired.
This further improves the speed dramatically, achieving a running time of about 18 seconds, or about 174 times faster than the Hadoop implementation.
However, we can make it a bit faster still by using mawk, which is often a drop-in replacement for gawk and can offer better performance.
find . -type f -name '*.pgn' -print0 | xargs -0 -n4 -P4 mawk '/Result/ { split($0, a, "-"); res = substr(a[1], length(a[1]), 1); if (res == 1) white++; if (res == 0) black++; if (res == 2) draw++ } END { print white+black+draw, white, black, draw }' | mawk '{games += $1; white += $2; black += $3; draw += $4; } END { print games, white, black, draw }'
This find | xargs mawk | mawk pipeline gets us down to a runtime of about 12 seconds, or about 270MB/sec, which is around 235 times faster than the Hadoop implementation.
Conclusion
Hopefully this has illustrated some points about using and abusing tools like Hadoop for data processing tasks that can better be accomplished on a single machine with simple shell commands and tools. If you have a huge amount of data or really need distributed processing, then tools like Hadoop may be required, but more often than not these days I see Hadoop used where a traditional relational database or other solutions would be far better in terms of performance, cost of implementation, and ongoing maintenance.
This single interview — one of my favorites of all-time — was recorded in three short parts. You can:
Ep 25: Kevin Kelly - WIRED Co-Founder, Polymath, Most Interesting Man In The World https://rss.art19.com/episodes/6f89ca68-cfff-4e64-9230-ea3bcdcad3cf.mp3 Download
Ep 26: Kevin Kelly (Part 2) - WIRED Co-Founder, Polymath, Most Interesting Man In The World? https://rss.art19.com/episodes/e77c8948-ef94-48a2-ab97-cb3c114ebb28.mp3 Download
Ep 27: Kevin Kelly (Part 3) - WIRED Co-Founder, Polymath, Most Interesting Man In The World? https://rss.art19.com/episodes/29d135c2-52c2-4253-a7a1-4c084d6893d3.mp3 Download
This podcast is brought to you by The Tim Ferriss Book Club, which features a handful of books that have changed my life. Here's the list. You can also find all 20+ episodes of this podcast here. Some are sober and some are drunk, but the guests are all great.
Now, on to this episode's guest…
Kevin Kelly might be the real-life Most Interesting Man In The World.
He is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine, which he co-founded in 1993. He also co-founded the Species Foundation, a non-profit aimed at cataloging and identifying every living species on earth. In his spare time, he writes bestselling books, co-founded the Rosetta Project, which is building an archive of ALL documented human languages, and serves on the board of the Long Now Foundation. As part of the last, he's investigating how to revive and restore endangered or extinct species, including the Wooly Mammoth.
This episode touches on a lot of cool stuff. SERIOUSLY, A LOT.
Just scroll below and your head might explode. Tons of amazing links and goodies…
Enjoy!
Who should I interview next? Please let me know in the comments by clicking here.
Do you enjoy this podcast? If so, please leave a short review here. It keeps me going…
Subscribe to The Tim Ferriss Show on iTunes.
Non-iTunes RSS feed
Show Notes and Select Links from the Episode
Kevin Kelly's biggest regret
His lesson in finding contentment in minimalism and “volunteer simplicity”
How he realized that writing actually creates ideas
Why he promised himself that he would never resort to teaching English while traveling abroad
The “creator's dilemma,” or how you have to go lower to get higher
Why you don't want to be a billionaire
His realizations after doing a “6 months until death” challenge
His Kickstarter-funded project linking angels and robots
Why a self-proclaimed ex-hippie waited until his 50th birthday to try LSD for the first time
Why a population implosion is probable in the next 100 years
The greatest gift you can give to your child
The criteria for Amish technology assimilation
What technology-free sabbaticals can do for you
Long Now Foundation's vision of a better civilization
The graphic novel for young people on how to become indispensable
His favorite fiction book
The great resource Kevin compiled for documentary lovers
How he accumulated enough books to fill a two-story library
Mythbuster's Adam Savage's organizational method, which transformed Kevin's life
The project that everyone should undertake at least once in life
The advice he would give to his younger self
LINKS FROM THE EPISODE
Books Mentioned in the Episode
Documentaries Mentioned in the Episode
Posted on: August 29, 2014.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Print
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
MOSCOW — After shopping around for a defense lawyer this year, a Russian state bank settled on someone who it said had relevant experience, though the bank insists that experience does not include a promotional pitch from the lawyer's firm: representing “President Donald J. Trump in a wide range of litigation matters for over 15 years.”
In Russia, finding the right insider connection is essential for litigation success, but the case against the bank, Sberbank, is playing out in Federal District Court in Manhattan. There, concerns have been raised about Sberbank's reasons for hiring the lawyer, Marc E. Kasowitz, as its lead defense counsel. The bank is being sued by a Russian businessman, Sergey P. Poymanov, who has sparred with it for years in Russian courts.
The lawsuit appears unrelated to another of Mr. Kasowitz's cases involving Russia — defending Mr. Trump in an investigation into possible collusion by his campaign officials in Russia's meddling in last year's presidential election. Mr. Kasowitz had been introduced as the lead lawyer in that matter, too, but his responsibilities have since been scaled back, and a lawyer with more Washington experience, Ty Cobb, has taken the lead.
The potential for Russia's meddling elsewhere — in American courts — has raised concerns among Mr. Poymanov's lawyers, who are not convinced that Mr. Kasowitz's ties to Mr. Trump played no role in Sberbank's choosing him. They point out that on its website, Mr. Kasowitz's firm, Kasowitz Benson Torres, prominently advertises his 15 years of pre-election service to the president.
35 stone cold classics from the Soul Brother #1! Mixed and compiled for The Stick Up by DJ Stikmand.
DOWNLOAD The StickUp – 100% Pete Rock
Tracklist:
Pete Rock – Tru Master w/ Inspectah Deck & Kurupt
Pete Rock – Bumpy Knuckles Baby w/ Freddie Foxxx
Pete Rock – If You Got Love w/ Non Phixion
Pete Rock – Da Two w/ CL Smooth
Pete Rock – Sneakers w/ Raekwon
Pete Rock – What They Call Me w/ Rah Digga
Pete Rock – The Saga Begins w/ Rakim
Pete Rock – Who Knows Why w/ Freddie Foxxx
Pete Rock – Shut Em Down (remix) w/ Public Enemy & Busta Rhymes
Pete Rock – Head Rush w/ RZA & GZA
Pete Rock – Tha Game w/ Ghostface Killah, Raekwon & Prodigy
Pete Rock – 1-2-3 w/ Boot Camp Click
Pete Rock – That Raw w/ Torae
Pete Rock – The World Is Yours w/ Nas
Pete Rock – Half Man Half Amazin' w/ Method Man
Pete Rock – Ain't No Thang w/ The U.N.
Pete Rock – Melody Adonis w/ Phife Dawg
Pete Rock – That's Hard w/ Smif-N-Wessun, Styles P & Sean P
Pete Rock – Boston w/ Edo G
Pete Rock – The ChanceSellor w/ Freddie Foxxx
Pete Rock – To Yearn w/ Lost Boyz
Pete Rock – Appreciate w/ CL Smooth
Pete Rock – It's A Love Thing w/ CL Smooth
Pete Rock – Jazz (We've Got) w/ A Tribe Called Quest
Pete Rock – The Bitch In Yoo w/ Common
Pete Rock – Game Of Death w/ The U.N.
Pete Rock – Give It To Ya w/ Little Brother
Pete Rock – Juicy (remix) w/ Notorious BIG
Pete Rock – How You Like Me Baby w/ Ghostface Killah
Pete Rock – 914 w/ Styles P & Sheek Louch
Pete Rock – Holdin' It Down w/ Big L
Pete Rock – Cake w/ The U.N.
Pete Rock – The Joy w/ Jay-Z & Kanye West & Curtis Mayfield
Pete Rock – T.R.O.Y. w/ CL Smooth
I couldn't agree with Instructor Zero more: simply turning your head to scan for a threat or threats after a defensive gun use is stupid. While it's vital to break eye contact with gore (to avoid tunnel vision), the key to survival is movement. That doesn't stop being true just because you stopped a single threat. Cover! Concealment! Escape! Move the friendlies! GO! All of which means practicing scanning while standing still is gonna leave one bad ass training scar. I also like Zero's elbow up technique; where the elbow leads the body follows. Or something like that. As for him lasering his entire class, Safety Sally says he could have made the same points aiming his gun at the side of the range. Who's gonna tell him? You? Now, here's some feedback from someone who's been there, done that for real . . .
Jon Wayne Taylor writes:
So long story short, most of the stuff he is talking about is good. Really great points I think. But he is covering into darkness. That is, he is stepping back to cover, where he can't see. This has some serious negatives, the most significant of which is that it has him facing a direction other than the one his gun is pointing. That, combined with stepping where you can't see, is putting him in danger of falling, or having his weapon taken from him, or firing in a direction he cannot see. (Never point your gun at anything you don't want to destroy, remember?)
There are times you will have to do this, such as when barriers prevent you from covering forward, but it is not what you should train doing as your standard cover/cross and cover. Instead, he should be stepping forward, where he can see, then stepping across and turning. That way, he moves off the line where he fired, and he only steps into an area that he has already cleared and is observing.So, as a right handed shooter in an isosceles stance, he is stepping back with his right foot to 5 or 6 o' clock position.
Instead, step forward with your right foot to the 11o'clock position, turn to look what was behind you, then step over with your left foot to what would have been your original 3 o'clock position to return to your isosceles stance. You will only step where you can see, and you will have your face and body turned in the same direction as your gun.
The number of gun deaths in the United States since 1989 is greater than the number of American combat fatalities in wars and military conflicts throughout all of US history, a new report shows.
According to a Center for American Progress report published Monday, there were 836,290 gun-related deaths in the United States between 1989 and 2014.
In the 239 years since the United States declared its independence, 656,397 American military members have been killed in battle, the report states – from the Revolutionary War to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Center for American Progress This chart from the Center for American Progress shows that there were more gun deaths from 1989 to 2014 than military killed in war from 1776 to 2015.
But, according to estimates from the Department of Veterans Affairs, the total number of US military killed in wartime – on or off the battlefield – since 1776 is actually higher, at more than 1.1 million.
The report uses former President Ronald Reagan – who left office in 1989 – to gauge the positions of many of the 2016 Republican presidential hopefuls on issues such as immigration, climate science, taxes, and gun control.
© Sputnik / Ruslan Krivobok Guns N' Safety Measures: US Must Work to Bring in Stricter Gun Handling Rules
It notes that while Reagan opposed the National Rifle Association on several issues, including background checks and an assault weapons ban, many of the current GOP candidates have been highly rated by the NRA for staunchly opposing gun control.
Most GOP candidates oppose closing loopholes in the background check system – loopholes that "enable criminals to evade the system and purchase guns online, at gun shows, in parking lots, and just about anywhere else," the report states.
Donald Trump, the current GOP front-runner, this summer said he opposes expanding background checks, although in his 2000 book Trump said he supports an assault weapons ban and longer waiting periods for gun purchases.
Siding with the NRA is a common strategy among the candidates, the report notes, as the powerful gun lobby group is one "that many Republicans dare not cross."
How often the cruelest critiques come from friends. It was certainly true for Stefan Zweig. In the 1920s and 1930s, the Austrian Jewish writer was one of the world's best-selling authors. His novellas and story collections broke sales records in Germany the week of their publications. Biographies tumbled from his pen. He made Robert Musil jealous and Thomas Mann sniffle. Even in the build-up to World War II, when Jewish writers were being banned or harassed or worse, Zweig was permitted to write the libretto for a Richard Strauss opera.
During his lifetime, Zweig would have no more colorful or close friend than the Ukrainian-born, Viennese-educated Jewish novelist Joseph Roth. “I envy you your lovely epic calm,” Roth wrote to Zweig in April of 1930, after the wealthy, far-more-successful writer accidentally sent his younger colleague two copies of his latest story collection. “How serene is even the saddest thing you have to say!” Shot toward the beginning of their friendship, it's a striking arrow, serrated with accuracy.
For a writer whose working life straddled both world wars, the latter of which found him exiled by the killing machine of Hitler's Third Reich, Zweig effects a surprising calm on the page. This is, to some degree, a strength. Zweig has none of Roth's splenetic narration or Musil's obsessively coded modernism. One can read him today and understand the context in which his tales are taking place. They are neatly carpentered, companionable page-turners.
And yet this proficiency and quietude is the very thing that keeps him from greatness. To read a Zweig book is to be swaddled in the calm of a confident master, whose ideas of humanity are stubbornly, if admirably, adherent. One need only read Zweig's posthumous memoir, The World of Yesterday, newly released by University of Nebraska, to appreciate the tumult and heave of his times and the extraordinary luminaries with whom he crossed paths.
But of all the pivotal figures he met—James Joyce, W.B. Yeats, Theodor Herzl, who picked out his early poetry for its promise—only Sigmund Freud seems to have made a significant impact on his thinking. Zweig's celebrated novellas and biographical essays entirely side-step the modernist revolution. Instead, they pivot on a character assessment, like a contemporary Honoré de Balzac, with sharper, niftier technology in his tool kit.
In the past two decades, largely at the hands of the poet and translator Michael Hofmann, Roth has enjoyed a resurgence. And thanks to Anthea Bell, who has brought us the beautiful translations of W. G. Sebald, we now have many of the books that made Zweig the Updike of his time, from the novel Beware of Pity to his memoir and now The Collected Stories, a fat, orange volume that brings together several dozen of the short works upon which Zweig's reputation rested in his heyday.
The stories are strikingly melodramatic. Reading one after another, it feels like bingeing on a period soap opera on DVR. Passion unleashed almost always takes on an arsonist fever. Many tales end in death or suicide, or utter ruin for the narrator, who is frequently nestled within the story, telling his tale to a sensitive, cosmopolitan listener. In this way, the reader is exposed and protected. Instead of becoming Zweig's characters, we become confession gatherers, gallery observers, witnesses of an obscure sort.
“Her real name was Crescentia Anna Aloisia Finkenhuber,” begins “Leporella,” a tale about a maid and her disastrous relationship with her employer. “She was thirty-nine years old, she had been born out of wedlock and came from a small mountain village in the Ziller valley.” Even in that first sentence, you sense the poor woman is doomed. “Grey mist lay low over Antwerp,” goes the first line of “The Miracles of Life.” “The shapes of houses were blurred in the fine, smoky vapor, and you could not see to the end of the street.”
Zweig is a lucid writer, and Bell renders his prose flawlessly, but the author can't help but lay on the mist-machines of atmospherics like the libretto writer he also was: snow falling, light streaming in rooms, somnolent ship bells. His writing is so full of portent one often feels the characters, who Zweig is meant to be laying bare to us, are mere buoys, bobbing on tides of essential human nature much bigger than them. “In the Snow,” which spins a tale about Jews fleeing coming evangelicals, is literally buried in these omens. Their flight is stopped by a heavy snowfall, which kills them.
Any other writer would give such a development a black irony. In Zweig's hands, it reads like a fairy tale, propelled by a single moral. Flight—and fear—is often worse than what it aims to protect us from. This streamlining of purpose makes Zweig's stories read like entertainment, even when what they have to tell us is unpleasant or bogged down in many plot twists and turns. “A Summer Novella,” for instance, is full of numerous reversals as its hero confesses to Zweig he has manipulated the feelings of a young girl. Like Poe, Zweig understood the bleak appeal of ruin; unlike Poe, however, he doesn't nudge us in conspiracy as disaster looms. As a result, many of these stories have the odd flatness of an incident, well-recounted but merely recounted nonetheless.
In “The World of Yesterday,” Zweig spends a considerable amount of time decrying the stultifying bourgeois values of Vienna, before the war—how women were raised to be asexual and men serviced by monstrous throngs of prostitutes. Yet there are very few instances in these stories where the chaotic nature of desire, or natural human emotions, like vanity, are allowed their many-sidedness. Prostitutes are in horrendous relationships; vain people get their comeuppance. Memory comes like a fog. The emotions feel hermetic, text-book, rather than living.
A collector of manuscripts and famous friends, Zweig had a lepidopterist's faith in order, human civilization and fellowship. It's what success taught him, because he was rich to begin with. Roth, dyspeptic and forever broke, with his grim childhood and failing body, tried to correct him on this score as he saw what was coming in Austria and Europe. On the eve of Hitler's election as chancellor of Germany in 1933, Roth wrote to his friend with a kind of warning. “You are lucky enough … not to be able to see certain depths of darkness, yes, you avert your eye.” He went on to say: “You may be smart, but your humanity blinds you to others' wickedness. You live on goodness and faith. Whereas I have been known to make startlingly accurate observations about evil.”
Roth, on this as in so many other scores, proved to be right. Hitler's rise was swift and brutal. Within a year, Roth would leave for Paris, Zweig to London, to escape the fate that befell so many other European Jews. The two cities say a lot about their fellow temperaments as stations of exile: one orderly and cosmopolitan, the other sensual and closer to the front. The BBC interviewed the newly decamped Zweig, when he arrived in London. He merely said he admired the city's libraries and the ability to work unharassed. In a few years, this proved to no longer be the case.
Reading Collected Stories in light of Zweig's tragic life, it's hard not to see a larger lesson therein. In the story “Twilight,” a manipulative countess is exiled from court. Alone, she nearly goes mad. To preserve her sanity and win back her standing, she begins making friends, hosting parties. She is, however, more lonely than ever. “The whole thing … seemed to her somehow amusing and extremely ludicrous,” she thinks, when she decides to kill herself. “To think that you had only to take that one tiny sip, and tomorrow you wouldn't see the clouds, the fields, the woods any more.”
In 1942, Zweig and his wife made a similar choice. He mailed off the manuscript of his final novella, The Chess Story, his darkest and his best, to his publisher. A biography of Balzac and his memoir would follow. He had never publicly spoken ill of Germany. Then he and his young German wife drank a vial of poison and laid down on a bed in a rented home in Brazil and died together. A disturbing photograph of them in the moment of their death can be found on the Internet. The order he had seen in the golden age of Vienna, that he had found in his fiction, was smashed forever.
John Freeman is the author of How to Read a Novelist.
ST. LOUIS It's research that may have you thinking twice before upgrading to the large size at your favorite fast food joint. Saint Louis University research presented this week in Washington, D.C., shows the dangers of high-fat food combined with high fructose corn syrup and a sedentary lifestyle in other words, what may be becoming commonplace among Americans.
Brent Tetri, M.D., associate professor of internal medicine at Saint Louis University Liver Center, and colleagues studied the effects of a diet that was 40 percent fat and replete with high fructose corn syrup, a sweetener common in soda and some fruit juices. The research is being presented at the Digestive Diseases Week meeting.
"We wanted to mirror the kind of diet many Americans subsist on, so the high fat content is about the same you'd find in a typical McDonald's meal, and the high fructose corn syrup translates to about eight cans of soda a day in a human diet, which is not far off with what some people consume," says Tetri, a leading researcher in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, which can lead to cirrhosis and, ultimately, death. "But we were also keeping the mice sedentary, with a very limited amount of activity."
The study, which lasted for 16 weeks, had some curious results, says Tetri.
"We had a feeling we'd see evidence of fatty liver disease by the end of the study," he says. "But we were surprised to find how severe the damage was and how quickly it occurred. It took only four weeks for liver enzymes to increase and for glucose intolerance the beginning of type II diabetes to begin."
And unlike other studies, the mice were not forced to eat; rather, they were able to eat whenever they wanted and eat they did. Tetri says there's evidence that suggests fructose actually suppresses your fullness, unlike fiber-rich foods, which make you feel full quickly.
The take-home message for humans is obvious, he says.
"A high-
'"/>
Contact: Rachel Otto Dixon
rdixon6@slu.edu
314-977-8018
Saint Louis University
23-May-2007
Page: 1 2
Related medicine news :
One day Brian Russell and I got in a heated argument about the Brontosaurus and Pluto. We began the argument as a joke, but somehow I was upset that he called the Brontosaurus fake, and he was upset that I called Pluto fake. His response was to draw a quick sketch:
It was the most peaceable solution to an argument I'd ever encountered. Even though we were kidding around I learned a lesson from his “apology sketch” because it brought two points of view to the same level. I've spoken about this before, but I see Brian as my webcomic conciliary. When I have problems with webcomic promotion or scripts I ask him for advice or inspiration.
Now Brian has a baby girl who will look to him for advice on everything. While considering this, Brian realized his daughter would never learn about the Brontosaurus and all those other things we'd learned about dinosaurs as kids that scientists have now disproved. So Brian (as he states in his Kickstarter video) has decided to “to share [his] love for dinosaurs and hopefully inspire a new generation to learn all about these creatures that have captivated the hearts and minds of millions of people.” So he compiled a humourous book of those facts that retells the dinosaur history as we learned it.
I've watched Brian progress on this project bit by bit for months. I've seen the sketches, read the full PDF version, and each time I see a page I'm reminded of the warmth of that Brontosaurus and Pluto sitting together at a bar. And I'm in. I've supported the Kickstarter, I'm excited about my perks, and I can't wait to purchase a copy for my nieces and nephews so they can learn all about the Brontosaurus too.
I don't care what scientists say, the Brontosaurus was awesome. Please check out Brian's Kickstarter project here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/brianrussell/what-i-remember-about-dinosaurs.
In Anaheim, California, where about 800 people live on the streets on a given night, city officials say removal has ‘nothing to do' with tourist attraction
'Nowhere to go': By Disneyland, benches favored by homeless are removed
Growing up in Anaheim, Robert Hanley knew Disneyland well. His high school band played there. “And the funny thing is, when I got into the workforce as a younger gentleman, I helped build California Adventure,” he said, referring to a theme park inside the main resort. “I did electrical.”
Hanley even has a Tinker Bell tattoos on his right bicep. But he hasn't been back to Disneyland recently.
He is one of about 800 people living on the streets on any given night in Anaheim, a Los Angeles-area city that boasts over 20 million annual visitors and billions of dollars in tourism revenue.
Amid a regional homelessness crisis, Anaheim is taking a controversial course of action over its increasingly visible population. Over the past couple months, the city has been removing benches from bus stops along its main tourist thoroughfare, abutting Disneyland.
“We had folks that basically were staying at these shelters,” Mike Lyster, an Anaheim city spokesperson, said.
Lyster said the decision to remove the benches had nothing to do with Disneyland, or a concern that tourists coming out of the park would be put off by seeing people sleeping at the bus stops.
“It's very easy for folks to say: ‘Oh, it has to do with Disneyland.' We actually never heard from Disneyland on this,” Lyster said. “This actually has nothing to do with that. And it has everything to do with the bus riders who use this bus stop.”
A Disneyland spokesperson declined repeated requests for comment. But some Anaheim residents were skeptical.
A bus stop with the new concrete stools in the west of Anaheim. Photograph: Courtesy of the city of Anaheim
“I think that that's bullshit,” said Stephenie Saint Vincent, who is one of the several hundred people who live in tents in the river bed at the edge of town. She has a disability, and was sitting on her walker at the bus stop.
“I think they should put the seats back, because it's not fair to everybody else.”
At night on Skid Row, nearly 2,000 homeless people share just nine toilets Read more
Homelessness numbers have been soaring in southern California – in neighboring Los Angeles County they have reached a record high, according to this year's homeless count. In Anaheim, a steady stream of tourists sporting Mickey Mouse ears and Disneyland pins intermingles with a slower trickle of people who are homeless, with varying degrees of visibility.
Don Zimmerman, a 57-year-old Floridian who was visiting Disneyland for the first time, said he didn't understand the city's logic. “If you have a homeless population, you need to deal with the homeless population and fix that problem,” he said “Taking the benches away isn't very nice.”
The benches are slowly being replaced with concrete “stools” designed for people to sit on while they wait for the bus, but which “really aren't conducive to somebody sitting there for hours at a time” and would be impossible to sleep on, Lyster said.
Even so, he took umbrage at the notion that removing the bus benches was an anti-homeless initiative, and said Anaheim was working hard to address homelessness.
“Nobody should have to live at a bus bench. We're not just going to throw up our hands and say: ‘We're just going to let people live here' – we can actually do better than that,” he said. “And anybody who was sleeping here, we ask them to come see us. We can find them a shelter.”
But it's not clear that Anaheim could. There are shelters in neighboring cities – “we don't operate in a bubble”, Lyster said – but in Anaheim there's just one year-round shelter, which opened this year, and its 100 beds are already occupied.
The lack of homeless housing available in Anaheim belies the city's claims about its efforts to help the homeless, an advocate, Mohammed Aly, said.
“In parks, homeless people are told to leave, people are told they can't sleep there, that they can't sit there, and now they're simply removing the seats from underneath them,” Aly said. “The city essentially wants to sweep the problem under the rug, and make the problem less visible.”
Whatever the case, the initiative seemed – at least on a recent visit – to be ineffective.
At one bus stop, in front of a 7-Eleven, a small crowd of people stood in the shade of the benchless bus shelter, some sharing a joint and drinking out of brown-paper-bagged cans. Henry Rollins sat on a cement barrier dividing the parking lot from the street. He has been homeless for about a year, and has slept on bus benches from time to time.
“I don't blame the tourists. They come by, they've got their children with them, they've spent a couple hundred dollars to get into Disneyland alone,” he said. “They don't want to come by and see people laying around.”
He even understands why the city took the benches away.
“They figure that if [the homeless have] got nowhere to sleep, they'll leave,” he said. “But they didn't leave. They've got nowhere to go.”
Do you have an experience of homelessness to share with the Guardian? Get in touch
MANILA – Political instability, violence, inequality, and external challenges have made the Philippines one of the least peaceful countries in the Asia-Pacific region, according to a report.
The Global Peace Index (GPI) 2013, developed by Australia-based Institute for Economics and Peace, showed that the Philippines ranked 134th out of the 162 countries in terms of peacefulness, dropping five notches from its ranking last year.
The Philippines is one of the countries the lowest ranked in the Asia Pacific region, even behind Thailand and only beating Myanmar and North Korea.
In the Asia Pacific region, which is the third most peaceful region in the world after Europe and North America, New Zealand (4th) topped list.
New Zealand is followed by Japan (8th), Australia (15th), Singapore (25th), Taiwan (28th), Malaysia (33rd), Laos (38th), Mongolia (41st), Vietnam (45th), South Korea (52nd), Indonesia (54th), Timor-Leste (69th), Papua New Guinea (90), Cambodia (106th), China (108th), Thailand (126th), Philippines (134th), Myanmar (136th), and North Korea (153).
The report categorized the state of peace in the Philippines as ''medium'', scoring 2.456 in the index on a scale of 1 to 5, with one being the highest.
The Philippine scored 2.6 in the sub-category on ''ongoing domestic and international conflict; 1.732 on ''militarization'' and 2.691 on ''societal safety and security.''
It added that the Philippines is listed among the ten countries with ''peace deficit.'' Countries with peace deficit have strong, democratic institutions but perform poorly in the GPI rankings.
Corruption, China conflict
Internal conflict, level of violent crime, political terror, terrorist activity, corruption and poverty are considered factors that led the Philippines to land on the bottom quartile of the GPI.
''There is a widely held belief that graft among the elite is the reason why poverty rates and income inequality have remained very high by regional standards, despite strong economic performance in the past decade. The patron-client nature of underlying relations also plays a role. These relationships can distort the allocation of resources away from the areas where they are most needed, or could be used most effectively,'' the report read.
''In parts of the Philippines, this system combines with disputes over ethnicity-related matters, to result in violence between wealthy political families who seek to maintain control over the sources of their power and influence."
The external challenge posed to the Philippines by China over the South China Sea also caused the Philippines' score for relations with neighboring countries to deteriorate this year.
The complications in resolving the South China Sea dispute and the difficult task of implementing the Comprehensive Agreement on the Bangsamoro, which is hoped to ensure lasting peace in the volatile Mindanao region, are considered barriers to peace in the Philippines.
The report, meanwhile, said that 2.3 percent of the country's gross domestic product is being spent for violence containment.
It also noted that the Philippines has a ''flawed democracy'', placing 69th among the 167 countries studied in the 2012 Democracy Index Rank.
Overall, Iceland topped the GPI ranking. It is followed by Denmark, Austria, New Zealand, Switzerland, Finlad, Canada, Japan, Belgium, and Norway.
The bottom 10, in descending order, is comprised of countries North Korea, Pakistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Sudan, Somalia, Iraq, South Sudan, Afghanistan, and Syria.
There's no serious worry within the Miami Dolphins that the team has an obvious predicament at cornerback.
Coach Adam Gase on Tuesday announced that second round draft pick Xavien Howard a month ago injured a knee during the final minicamp practice and required arthroscopic surgery. The rookie will remain sidelined to start training camp and possibly for some time beyond that.
Gase made the injury announcement with no more drama than as if he were reporting his kicker has chapped lips.
And a source tells me the team is “pretty comfortable” with its current talent at the position and isn't about to do anything “crazy” right now to change the dynamics of the situation.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
That suggests no trade is in the offing to bring in help. And there won't be an immediate rush to sign a veteran free agent so no gamble on someone such as an obviously diminished and possibly injured Antonio Cromartie.
The Dolphins are going to stay the course for now. They hope second-year player Tony Lippett, who was going to compete with Howard for the job, will play like he earned the spot even though the competition for the starting job has been, well, cut off at the knees.
This tells me one of two things about the 2016 Miami Dolphins:
There's a chance these guys are not only cool customers in the wake of a potential crisis, but also great planners who had an answer on the roster ready for the big stage in case their draft-day plan — selecting Howard — wasn't quite ready for opening day.
Let's consider this option first because, frankly, training camp hasn't even opened and it is simply too early to ring any alarms about a team that hasn't even stepped into the fire yet.
Howard wasn't guaranteed of starting any more than Lippett was. He's not gone for the season. Gase said, “We expect him, at worst, to be back by the first regular-season game. He has been working hard trying to work his way back.”
So it's not a hopeless situation. Help eventually will arrive.
And in the meantime, Lippett gets his chance to shine. He did just that toward the end of the offseason, even after Howard had been drafted.
“As the spring went on, we saw him getting more comfortable and he did a good job, “ Gase said of the 6-3, 200-pound Lippett. “He had a couple of picks there towards the back half. It seemed like he did a good job even when the ball was popped up in the air, he gets his hands on it.
“He does a good job of making sure that he comes down with the ball when he does get his hands on it. We are seeing improvement — the fact that he is long and can get at the line of scrimmage and press. We just need guys to be able to hang in there for a short period of time. That's why I love our pass rush, because that thing is coming.”
So maybe there's nothing to see here.
Maybe Howard will be back soon and get up to speed quickly. Maybe Lippett is going to be good, and if not, maybe he'll be good enough long that other players on defense will cover for his or any other cornerback's flaws.
But — here comes the ominous stuff — there is the other possibility that no coaching staff or personnel department likes to embrace before even one practice is complete.
That possibility is perhaps the Dolphins are in trouble at cornerback.
Lippett has proven zero in the NFL. Indeed, he was a wide receiver at Michigan State so he really proved zero at cornerback in college also.
Yet he's Miami's starter along with Byron Maxwell.
And Howard, now dealing with a setback, is in a tough spot. He's a rookie who is going to miss two or three weeks of training camp. He's going to be way, way behind everyone else and would have to be a latter day Deion Sanders to make up that kind of ground by opening day.
The Dolphins just got rid of a cornerback, also drafted in the second round, who was injured before the start of his rookie training camp in 2013 and never quite recovered. And, like it or not, Howard is in a similar spot to start his NFL career.
We've seen this act before. And, unfortunately, we've seen the team react similarly before.
Last year the entire Earth seemed to know the offensive guard spot was a train wreck waiting to happen. The Dolphins did nothing about it. Even when they were gifted a chance to sign a veteran guard early in training camp, they remained steadfast in believing they were right and the Earth was wrong.
This year's cornerback situation has begun resembling last year's guard predicament — no matter how confident the Dolphins are that it doesn't.
(advertenties)
Hennep voor je spruiten
Als verantwoordelijke en milieubewuste ouder giet je je liefde voor de natuur en haar redder, de hennepplant, uiteraard met de spreekwoordelijke poep …uh …paplepel bij je pasgeboren spruiten in. Een milieubewust leven begint namelijk al wanneer je kind nog in de luiers zit, niet dan?
Wegwerpluiers zijn natuurlijk helemaal uit den boze als je een beetje milieubewust bent ingesteld. Zelfs wanneer je voor het wassen van herbruikbare luiers een wasdroger gebruikt, zijn ze nog minder belastend voor de natuur dan wegwerpluiers. Maar het wordt pas echt milieuvriendelijk wanneer je je spruiten in een groen hennepluiertje rond laat kruipen!
In verhouding tot katoen, bamboe of microvezel absorbeert hennep namelijk veel beter. Een veel dunner laagje hennepstof heeft dezelfde absorptiecapaciteit, en dat is wel zo prettig voor je baby. Omdat hennep na een wasbeurt toch ook wat hard kan worden, zijn de wasbare hennep-inleggers meestal wel gemaakt van een combinatie van hennep en katoen.
Op Spulletjes voor spruitjes vonden we de herbruikbare luiers van het merk Responsible Mother. Ze bestaan uit een kek overbroekje van wol, waar je de inleggers van hennep gemakkelijk in kunt vastklikken. Is de inlegger met liefde door je baby volgesche… eh gebruikt, dan klik je de inlegger er weer uit en kan die in de was. Het wollen overbroekje blijft schoon en kan door de zelfreinigende werking van de wol tot 2 weken mee.
Na gebruik kunnen de inleggers er gemakkelijk uit geklikt worden en worden gewassen. Het wollen overbroekje hoeft niet elke keer in de was. Wol werkt zelfreinigend en het overbroekje kan daardoor, als het niet echt vuil is, wel tot 2 weken mee. Lanoline zorgt ervoor dat de wollen overbroek waterdicht blijft, dus je hoeft niet bang te zijn voor doorlekkende spruiten.
Er zijn verschillende vrolijk gekleurde en minder vrolijk gekleurde hennepluiers en inleggers te koop, maar je hebt al een milieuvriendelijke luier met hennep-inleggers voor 21,95 euro. Ook leuk als cadeautje voor je minder milieubewuste vrienden met een kleintje op komst!
(advertenties)
People in cannot access the as the saffron party has blocked its Internet page though its high-profile Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi's portal can be accessed for those who want to know about him.
"Error 1009 The owner of this ( Org) has banned your IP address (---) on the country or region you are accessing it from," says the page as one logs in from here.
People logging in from have to use Virtual Private Network, masking Pakistani IP address to log into the
The party had attached on its Twitter handle links to a 'charge sheet' it had recently released against the UPA government but the links did not work for those logging in from
Some questioned the logic of blocking the access saying even if someone fears hacking, hackers don't use their own IP addresses.
Be it the government or local Pakistanis, everyone is eager to know about the general sentiments and trends as to who will form the next government.
However, asked about Modi, top Pakistan government officials say they are willing to "deal" with whoever forms the government after the and that includes Modi.
Even though the 2002 Gujarat riots loom large here, Pakistan is hopeful that the peace bogey would not be derailed if the UPA government is replaced by Modi-led NDA.
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, who has stressed on the need for better ties with all its neighbours, had said his country believes in good relations with India "regardless of whosoever is in power".
Asked what will be Pakistan's strategy if Modi comes to power, Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam said, "I understand India is undergoing elections, a normal election in democracy and we also have seen reports follow that BJP seems to be in a strong position."
She said the elections are an internal affair of India and it is for Indian people to decide, to exercise their right, to choose and elect a government.
"We deal with countries... So, we hope that whoever is elected in India would have that conviction and consciousness that peace is something that we owe to our people," she told PTI recently in an interview.
Tasnim added that Pakistan strongly believes that "our region needs peace for economic development, for better life for our people. They deserve it".
Whether it's the hefty charges or the unexpected consequences, breaking a lease can be a daunting task.
But help is at hand. Here are some dos and don'ts, and ways to keep costs to a minimum.
How it works
To break a lease, tenants should advise their property manager of their intention to leave in writing, including the reason for vacating and the date they plan to leave.
Hodges St Kilda director Shane Goldfarb​ says most property managers today prefer email rather than traditional post because it's more convenient.
The minimum notice is 28 days if a tenant is on a month-to-month tenancy.
Although it may seem convenient, a friend or relative can't take over a lease. However, they're more than welcome to apply.
Elizabeth Lopez of Biggin and Scott Brighton says new tenants have to be assessed and a new condition report has to be completed so they can't be penalised for damages caused by previous residents.
What are the costs?
Tenants may have to pay rent until the end of their lease or when a new tenant moves in.
They may also need to pay readvertising costs and re-letting fees calculated on a pro-rata basis.
For example, if the re-letting fee is $400 and there are six months left on a 12-month fixed-term lease, they may need to pay a pro-rata amount of 50 per cent of that fee.
Details on charges are usually included in the lease agreement.
Goldfarb says tenants should continue paying periodically in line with their agreement until a new tenant is found because landlords can't double charge.
If the tenant pays rent on the first day of every month and the next tenant moves in on the 15th, the landlord has to refund them the pro rata amount of the rent that has been overpaid, he says.
Tenants who believe they have been charged too much and can't resolve the problem with the agent can apply to Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal.
What you might not know
Lopez says the consequences of breaking a lease are sometimes difficult to enforce if the tenant has a fair and reasonable reason.
“If the tenant takes it to VCAT … if they can no longer afford that rent, they've had a loss of job or income, their circumstances have changed, they can argue very strongly to get out of their lease,” she says.
Lopez says one of their tenants gave them more than 28 days of notice in writing to break the lease, and mentioned “financial hardship” in their letter.
The case ended up at VCAT, she says, and the tenant was able to get out of the lease and only pay rent until the date they said they would be vacating.
“It's not always definite that you can get people to continue to pay that rent indefinitely until someone else is found,” she says.
“Sometimes they may lease the property in January, when it's a very buoyant market, and they break their lease in June, when it's freezing cold and it's not as buoyant.
“They may not be able to lease it for another six months, but a tenant has good grounds to have that rental amount reassessed.”
James Leckie, a tenancy lawyer at the Western Community Legal Centre, says tenants can also apply to the tribunal for the fixed term to be reduced for unforeseen circumstances such as being given a work contract to move overseas, or suffering a disability so they can no longer live in the property.
“It's a really good idea to contest it as hard as you can,” he says. “We always encourage tenants to go along to hearings because it is really important for them to put their side of the argument forward.”
Keeping costs to a minimum
It's in the tenant's best interests to present the property immaculately and be flexible with open times so the property has every chance of getting leased.
“Agents can be very lazy, because in their minds, the property is already leased, so they don't have to work that hard to find a tenant,” Lopez says.
“As the tenant who is breaking the lease, you want to make sure it's advertised and there's regular inspection times, and … [find out] how many people they've had through.”
Some tenants have also invested in ways to fast track the process of re-letting the property.
Goldfarb says tenants have paid for professional photography, while others have offered to offset a cheaper rent for 12 months or provided two weeks' rent free for the next tenant.
“In a market with an oversupply of rental accommodation and low demand from prospective tenants, they need to look at all avenues to make the property appealing,” he says.
Avoiding the blacklist
Agents have access to databases of tenants who have been “blacklisted”.
A tenant may find themselves on the database if they owe the landlord more money than the bond, or if the landlord is granted a possession order because the tenant breached the tenancy agreement or damaged the property, says Yaelle Caspi, policy officer at the Tenants Union of Victoria.
Tenants must be informed if they are listed on a database, and if they are found on one by an agent for a prospective property.
The listing lasts for up to three years, Caspi says, and tenants who believe they are unfairly listed can apply to VCAT to have their name removed.
A tenant can also check whether they are listed under a database by contacting the company directly.
Leckie says there needs to be a lot more transparency by property managers in terms of which company they use, the circumstances in which they're going to use the database and how you can contest it.
Caspi says being listed on a database can have “detrimental effects”.
“It essentially locks them out of the private rental market,” she says. “This can be particularly an issue if people have experienced family violence, who have episodic mental health issues, or who may have experienced a crisis.”
Future prospects
Goldfarb says breaking a lease doesn't lower a tenant's prospects to rent the next property as long as they include a genuine reason.
He says working together with the landlord and agent can, in fact, lead to a great rental reference.
By Scott Moore
The very phrase “world peace” has become something of a synonym for naiveté. Yet in recent years, compelling evidence has emerged to suggest that at least one important aspect of world peace, the absence or rarity of inter-state warfare, may in fact be the predictable result of observable, long-term trends. Scholarly work on what might be called the “decline-in-violence” phenomenon emerged following the conclusion of a surprisingly peaceful Cold War, but has lately garnered greater popular attention from journalists and public intellectuals like Harvard psychologist Steven Pinker.
In a world faced with the ever-present risk of terrorist attacks and a looming Iranian nuclear capability, the decline-in-violence proposition is often treated with skepticism. But it's time for the international security community to think seriously about preparing for a durable world peace instead of the constant threat of world war.
To be clear, we cannot expect a violence-free world any time soon. Instead, the data suggests that certain kinds of violence, most notably inter-state wars, are becoming less common even as other forms of conflict increase. Of course, there are good reasons to be cautious in accepting this interpretation: it's difficult to categorize and count acts of violence across countries, and many proposed explanations for declines in violence, such as the spread of cultural norms against war and conflict, don't seem to apply in all cases. But one trend in violence is sufficiently robust to give even skeptics pause: the long-term decline in the number and intensity of inter-state wars. Indeed, it is a striking and little-appreciated fact that despite no shortage of violence of other kinds, the world is at present entirely and blessedly free of traditional, state-on-state warfare.
On-going discussions about the future of international security must include the remarkably low prevalence of inter-state warfare in recent history. To be sure, the international community has made great progress in broadening the focus of security beyond state-state conflict. The US State Department's 2010 “Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review,” which laid out a concept of “civilian power” integrating traditional diplomacy, public engagement with civil society actors, and development aid, stands out as a sterling example. But the fact remains that the basic architecture of international security is ill-equipped to function in a world in which organized, inter-state warfare is rare. Although inter-state wars will still occur in the future, they will be of less importance to international security than during any previous period. It is often said that soldiers prepare to fight the last war instead of the next, but the international security community has an even bigger problem: preparing for war when the future is more likely to be peace.
The threat of peace to an international security community fixated on war is illustrated in the history of the Cold War period and its aftermath. Indeed, the last time international security scholars and policymakers seriously envisioned a stable international peace was right around the time that the Soviet Union acquired nuclear weapons and exposed an intention to occupy Eastern Europe indefinitely. In response, western leaders erected national security structures designed to confront the threat of a theater war in Europe within the context of a global struggle for influence. Subsequently, many hundreds of thousands of lives were lost in proxy battles and inter-state wars, but not in Europe. There something quite unexpected happened: nothing. Despite millions of troops facing one another across the Iron Curtain, a Third
World War was averted, and western leaders gleefully turned to reaping a “peace dividend” by scaling back their far-flung entanglements to focus on re-integrating the former Soviet bloc.
But these efforts were upended when the rest of the world exploded in new forms of violence, for which the disarming great powers were distinctly unprepared. The Balkans were consumed in vicious internecine warfare which UN peacekeeping forces were powerless to control, and the tiny mountain country of Rwanda became the scene of unimaginable ethnic slaughter in which western countries, haunted by the specter of a failed mission in Somalia, dared not intervene.
In retrospect, it is clear that the international community possessed neither the analytic tools nor the institutional capabilities to deal with a world order in which ethno-religious groups, and not nation-states, were the primary operative actors. Which brings us back to the question: what if organized state violence and warfare is the exception rather than the rule in international security?
The short answer is that the international community remains exceptionally unprepared. Despite a decade in which the United States and many of its allies have been focused on counterinsurgency campaigns, and the US Army boasts that its junior officers routinely run municipal governments, the foreign and security policy apparatus of the great powers remain overwhelmingly focused on state-state conflict. Washington's rapid strategic re-positioning toward the Asia-Pacific region and the promulgation of an “Air-Sea Battle” doctrine is perhaps the most vivid example of an enduringly myopic focus on traditional geopolitics and the prospect of inter-state warfare. But the real risk of this approach is that it marginalizes the type of long-term capacity-building which relies much more on civilian and non-governmental actors than militaries and Foreign Ministries—and which is necessary in a world where unorganized, intra-state violence is the dominant issue in international security.
Doing so requires reform on at least three basic principles.
First, systemic socioeconomic issues, particularly income inequality, access to basic infrastructure and services, and political participation, should become the central concerns of international security, with a correspondingly greater engagement of disciplines like sociology, anthropology, and geography.
Second, the traditional functional barriers between militaries, diplomatic bureaucracies, and development organizations should be broken down and re-organized to focus more on different time-scales, with some focused on short-term emergency operations like disaster relief and humanitarian intervention, and others completely devoted to long-term, cooperative institution-building.
Third, fora like the UN Security Council, which traditionally represent nation-state actors, should broaden their participatory structures. Particular emphasis should be given to sub-national leaders whose portfolios are primarily social and economic, rather than explicitly political or military, in order to bridge the traditional divide between the study of international and domestic affairs.
Violence is not dead, but certain forms of it, particularly inter-state conflict, are in long-term decline, and that remarkable fact should be a much greater part of discussions about the future of international security. The Munich Security Conference possesses a distinguished history of broadening discussions about international security, particularly by including new stakeholders. This positions it perfectly to help foster a serious discussion about the decline of inter-state warfare as a critical issue for the future of the international security community—and how it can prepare for such a happy though tentative prospect.
Scott Moore is a Giorgio Ruffolo Doctoral Research Fellow at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School, and a doctoral candidate in Politics at the University of Oxford.
Coming Soon
Losers
In a "winning is everything" society, how do we handle failure? This series profiles athletes who have turned the agony of defeat into human triumph.
The Legend of Cocaine Island
This documentary follows American Rodney Hyden's journey to find a rumored stash of cocaine in the Caribbean with help from a colorful group of misfits.
I'm Thinking of Ending Things
An unexpected detour turns a couple's road trip into a terrifying journey through their fragile psyches. Adapted and directed by Charlie Kaufman.
White Lines
When her brother is discovered dead, a Manchester woman leaves her quiet life to travel to Ibiza, where she seeks the truth about his disappearance.
Rhythm + Flow
Judges Cardi B, Chance the Rapper and T.I. search for the next breakout hip-hop star in this music competition series.
Green Eggs and Ham
Opposites Guy and Sam take a road trip to save an endangered animal, learning to try new things like hope, friendship, and a certain delectable dish.
Raising Dion
A single mom must hide her young son's superpowers to protect him from exploitation while investigating their origins and her husband's death.
revisions
When Shibuya time-warps to 2388, high schooler Daisuke and his friends are conscripted by AHRV agent Milo to fight the hostile cyborg race, revisions.
United recommends that you do not pack high-value, fragile or perishable items in your checked baggage. United will accept such items as carry-on baggage (subject to carry-on baggage allowances) or as checked baggage (subject to checked baggage allowances). If you choose to pack high-value, fragile or perishable items in or as checked baggage in connection with travel within the United States, United is not liable for the loss of, damage to or delay in delivery of such items. For most international travel, United's liability for destruction, loss, delay or damage to checked and unchecked baggage is limited.
Examples of high-value, fragile or perishable items for which United is not liable (in the case of travel within the United States) or for which United's liability may be limited (in the case of most international travel) include, but are not limited to:
Antiques, artifacts, heirlooms, collectibles, religious items and artifacts.
Antlers
Backpacks not designed for travel, sleeping bags and knapsacks made of plastic, vinyl or other easily torn material with aluminum frames, outside pockets or with protruding straps and buckles
Business equipment and business samples
CDs, DVDs and MP3s
Chinaware, glass, ceramics and pottery
Computer hardware/software and electronic components/equipment
Items checked in sacks or paper/plastic bags that do not have sufficient durability, do not have secure closures or do not provide sufficient protection to the contents
Items checked in corrugated/cardboard boxes, including cardboard boxes provided by United, except for items that otherwise would be suitable for transportation without the cardboard box (e.g., bicycle, garment bag)
Electronic and mechanical items, including cell phones, electronic games; and other related items
Eyeglasses, binoculars, prescription sunglasses and non-prescription sunglasses and all other eyewear and eye/vision devices
Flowers and plants
Garment bags not designed for travel
Irreplaceable items
Items made of paper (e.g., advertising displays, blueprints, maps, manuscripts, business/personal documents, historical documents, photos, books, negotiable papers, securities, etc.)
Jewelry
Keys
Liquids, perfumes, alcohol/liquor and Zamzam water
Medicines and medical equipment (when not used as assistive devices pursuant to 14 CFR 382.3)
Money, gift cards and gift certificates
Musical instruments
Natural fur products
Perishable items such as food (e.g., fruits and vegetables, cheese, fresh or frozen meat or poultry, seafood, baked goods, dry ice, tobacco)
Photographic/cinematographic/audio/video equipment, cameras and related items
Precious metals/stone
Tools, battery powered hand tools, tool boxes/containers, automotive towbars
Totally unprotected items such as tennis racquets and umbrellas, either individually checked or tied/strapped to the outside of luggage
Silverware, knives and swords
Watches (timepieces)
Works of art such as paintings or sculptures
Any other similar valuable property or irreplaceable property included in the passenger's checked or carry-on baggage with or without the knowledge of United
Perishable items must not violate agricultural rules for the destination country. Perishable items may be packed in hard-sided ventilated containers with a maximum of 5.5 pounds (2.5 kg) of dry ice. United will not accept perishable items packed in Styrofoam coolers or in containers that include wet ice.
Antlers
United will accept one set of antlers or animal horns per ticketed customer. Antlers are subject to a $150 service charge (each way) per item for travel between the U.S., Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and a $200 service charge for all other travel. This charge is in addition to any excess baggage charges that may apply.
Aircraft size and load conditions permit
Antlers must be as free of residue as possible
Skull must be wrapped and antler tips must be properly protected
Antler linear dimensions (L+W+H) must not exceed 120 inches, however on United Express® flights, the linear dimensions cannot exceed 33 inches x 43 inches (83 cm x 109 cm) and overall linear dimensions must not exceed 98 inches (248 cm)
Automotive towbars
United Airlines accepts automotive towbars inside checked baggage.
The towbar must be packaged to prevent damage to it and other bags.
Baggage containing towbars in excess of 70 pounds (32 kilograms) or 115 linear inches (292 cm)(total length + width + height) will not be accepted as checked baggage.
Baggage containing towbars are subject to overweight and oversize charges.
Cremated human remains
If you have recently lost a loved one, we're sorry for your loss and want to make your travel as easy as possible.
If you're traveling with cremated human remains, they need to be transported as carry-on baggage. For travel within the U.S., it's highly recommended that you travel with appropriate documentation (such as a document from the funeral home or a death certificate) to present during TSA screening. Please visit the TSA website for details on acceptable containers. For travel outside of the U.S., you should check with a local consulate or burial advisor beforehand.
If you prefer to have the remains shipped, we offer TrustUA, a specialized service designed to assist in the transportation of human remains.
Cremated pet remains
Our goal is to assist those who have experienced the loss of a loved one with their travel needs and create a caring and stress-free experience. This extends to those who have lost a pet.
If you're traveling with cremated pet remains, they need to be transported as carry-on baggage. TSA recommends that you purchase a crematory container made of light-weight material, such as wood or plastic. If TSA is unable to clearly determine what is inside the container it will not be allowed. Out of respect for the deceased animal, officers will not open a container, even if you request it.
Please visit the TSA website for more details on acceptable containers.
Ice
Blue Ice
United Airlines will accept packages containing blue ice per our general baggage guidelines.
Dry Ice
United Airlines will accept packages containing 5.5 pounds (2.5 kg) or less of dry ice as carry-on baggage or checked baggage. The container or package must be ventilated to permit the release of carbon dioxide gas. The container or package must be marked as containing dry ice and must show the net weight and the identity of the perishable item. Styrofoam coolers containing dry ice will not be accepted.
There is a $150 USD service charge (each way) per checked bag for travel within the U.S. and between the U.S., Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and a $200 USD service charge per checked bag for all other travel.
Dry ice in quantities greater than 5.5 pounds (2.5 kg) will not be accepted.
Dry ice packaging used must allow the release of carbon dioxide gas, must be clearly marked as containing dry ice, and must show the net weight and identify the perishable item being preserved by the dry ice. Each container cannot have more than the maximum allotment per customer. Multiple customers cannot pool their portions together, even within the same traveling party.
Wet Ice
United Airlines will not accept wet ice in checked or carry-on baggage.
Liquor
Alcoholic beverages in retail packaging may be carried as checked baggage.
For alcoholic beverages less than 24 percent alcohol by volume (including most wines and beers) there are no restrictions on the amount that may be accepted in checked baggage or purchased after completing security screening at the checkpoint (duty free). If traveling internationally, alcoholic beverages may be subject to customs limitations in the arrival country and transporting alcoholic beverages may be subject to country regulations.
For alcoholic beverages between 24 and 70 percent alcohol by volume there is a limit of five liters (1.3 gallons) per customer that may be accepted in checked baggage, or that may be purchased after completing security screening at the checkpoint (duty free). Packaging must be in receptacles smaller than 5 liters. Alcoholic beverages consisting of more than 70 percent alcohol by volume will not be accepted.
All alcoholic beverages must be packed to prevent breakage. United shall not be liable for breakage or spillage of alcoholic beverages. Normal checked baggage allowance limits, excess fees and carry-on limits apply.
Up to 3.4 oz. (100 ml) of an alcoholic beverage may be taken through the security checkpoint, provided it is less than 70 percent alcohol by volume, in a container that is 3.4 oz. or smaller, and is carried in a plastic zip-top bag.
If you are flying to the U.S. and have a connecting flight, even duty-free liquids that meet U.S. requirements will not be permitted through U.S. security checkpoints. If you have a connecting flight, liquid duty-free purchases must be placed in your checked baggage. Since you will be required to reclaim your checked bags prior to passing through customs inspection, you can place duty-free liquids into your bags and recheck it for your connection.
Note: Alcohol transported on an airplane cannot be consumed on board.
Musical instruments
Depending on their size, musical instruments can be carried on board, handled as checked baggage, or carried as cabin-seat baggage.
In the case of customers who purchased a Basic Economy ticket, a small musical instrument may be carried on, subject to the same conditions below. A larger musical instrument that does not fit in the overhead bin due to its size and is brought to the gate will be checked to your final destination and subject to the applicable checked baggage fees plus a $25 gate handling charge.
MileagePlus Premier® members, primary cardmembers of a qualifying MileagePlus credit card or Star AllianceTM Gold members who purchased a Basic Economy ticket, are subject to the existing musical instrument policy that allows one small musical instrument as part of their carry-on baggage allowance.
As carry-on
As part of the allowance of one carry-on bag plus one personal item, a passenger may carry a violin, guitar or other small musical instrument on board the aircraft if:
The instrument can be stowed in the overhead bin or under the seat in front of the passenger; and There is space for stowage at the time when the passenger boards the aircraft
Musical instruments transported on board United and United Express aircraft must be in hard-shell cases.
As checked baggage
An instrument should be packed in a hard-shell case to keep it protected during normal handling. Excess checked baggage service charges may apply if the customer is checking more than two items. Oversize charges apply to musical instruments that measure 63 - 115 linear inches. Overweight charges apply to musical instruments that are over 50 pounds, but musical instruments weighing up to 165 pounds will be accepted. If the instrument is over 115 linear inches, please contact the United Customer Contact Center.
Additionally, customers should loosen the strings on stringed instruments to protect the neck against damage caused by expansion and contraction, which can result from temperature variations during flight.
See our Checked Baggage page for additional information about checking items.
As cabin-seat baggage
United will allow a customer to purchase a seat for a musical instrument that is too fragile or bulky to be handled as checked baggage.
See our Cabin-seat Baggage page for more information on purchasing a seat for a fragile or bulky item.
Seafood
United Airlines will accept seafood as checked baggage if the following condition is met:
Seafood will be accepted only if it is wrapped in a sealed protective material and packed in a leak-proof container.
Seafood will not be accepted if packed in wet ice or if packed in a Styrofoam container.
Seafood carried in addition to baggage allowance will be assessed at the current excess baggage charge. In addition, seafood is subject to overweight and oversize charges.
Zamzam Water
United Airlines will accept one jerry can contain up to 10 liters (2.64 gallons) of Zamzam water as checked baggage at no extra charge.
The jerry can must be properly packed in a plastic covering to avoid leakage and damage to other bags.
Jerry cans containing Zamzam water are not permitted as carry-on or in cabin baggage.
If more than one jerry can is checked, the extra jerry cans will be subject to excess baggage charges.
The entrance to ReSurfaced — a pop-up beer garden, outdoor cafe and event space — is seen Oct. 5, 2014. (Photo: Jessica Ebelhar/The Courier-Jour)
A pop-up plaza that drew thousands of people to a revamped downtown lot last summer will return this June under a new theme: bourbon and local food.
ReSurfaced: The Bourbon Edition will launch June 4 in conjunction with The Kentucky Bourbon Affair fantasy camp and will hint at what's to come in June 2016 — a new bourbon and local food festival for the city, according to a press release.
The 14,000-square-foot plaza, at 615-621 W. Main St., is owned by the city's parking agency and was previously opened to the public for six weeks between September and October, offering everything from a Fried Chicken Throwdown to a puppet fundraiser. The space this year will feature live music, art and local food throughout the month of June, remaining open nearly every Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
"ReSurfaced quickly became a beloved venue and, soon after it closed last year, people began asking when it would reopen," Mayor Greg Fischer said in the release. "Partnering with the distillers during The Kentucky Bourbon Affair made an ideal pairing, like a fine bourbon and branch water."
The new Bourbon Edition of ReSurfaced is being curated by City Collaborative, a nonprofit that designed the first rendition of the initiative, and sponsored by the Kentucky Distillers' Association.
"We're thrilled to help bring ReSurfaced back to life as part of the Kentucky Bourbon Affair, which is all about extraordinary experiences," association president Eric Gregory said in the release. "And what's more fun than an eclectic Bourbon block party in the heart of downtown on Whiskey Row?"
ReSurfaced and The Kentucky Bourbon Affair are among numerous accomplishments since last year's release of the mayor's Bourbon and Local Food Report — a 22-page plan to grow tourism, the economy and jobs.
In the report, a work group made six major recommendations and a number of smaller ones, including everything from building a downtown bourbon/food visitors center to creating a public art piece that is a "must have photo for tourists, the bourbon equivalent of the big Slugger bat," the release stated. Since its release, accomplishments have included:
✓ The announcement of the $45 million Old Forester distillery on Main Street, to open in fall 2016.
✓ The opening of the Bulleit Bourbon Experience at the legendary Stizel-Weller Distillery, now the ninth stop on the Kentucky Bourbon Trail tour.
✓ Construction starting or completing on several new distilleries, such as Kentucky Peerless Distilling Co., the new Jim Beam Urban Stillhouse, Angel's Envy, Michter's and Copper & Kings.
✓ Creation of the Stave and Thief Society by the Distilled Spirits Epicenter to educate front-line hospitality workers about bourbon and its history.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Dining newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest on Louisville dining, recipes, the city's celebrity chefs and more! Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Dining Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
✓ The announcement of the Frazier History Museum and Kentucky Distillers' Associations partnership to develop a bourbon gateway center and make it the official launching point of the Kentucky Bourbon Trail.
✓ New programs added by Mint Julep Tours, Cave Hill Cemetery and Louisville Visitors Center.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1RgokrU
A jury ruled Thursday that Jammie Thomas-Rasset must pay fines totaling $1.92 million to the RIAA, as a penalty for violating the copyrights on 24 songs.
The trial was Thomas-Rasset's second, after the first was declared a mistrial. Thomas-Rasset is the only defendant accused of violating copyright to go to trial. The decision was reported Thursday by the Associated Press.
The fine works out to $80,000 per song.
"There's no way they're ever going to get that," said Thomas-Rasset, a 32-year-old mother of four from the central Minnesota city of Brainerd, told the AP. "I'm a mom, limited means, so I'm not going to worry about it now."
A spokeswoman for the RIAA said that Thomas-Rasset had been offered the chance to settle for between $3,000 to $5,000, the AP reported.
Bulk Inserts Performance with Django and PostgreSQL
Using the Django ORM is often a productivity boon. It allows you to describe models and interact with your data in pure python code instead of mixing it with SQL queries. It removes the need for a lot of boilerplate by reducing the impedance mismatch between the persisted relational data and the object model used by the application.
The Django ORM also provides useful hooks that you can use to enforce models business logic. Custom save() methods and signals are guaranteed to run on every interaction with your model as long as you use the ORM.
These abstractions come with a performance cost. They work under the assumption that your code operates on records one by one. For example, save() is called on every single model instance, and signals receive one instance at a time.
When you only need to insert a few records into the database, this is not an issue. But when you need to save a batch of records, the performance cost of sending records to the database one by one is huge. Each round trip to the database has a fixed cost: a query needs to be sent to the database server which might be on a different machine. On top of that, the database can only see one request at a time and can't optimize multiple records creation. Sending a single request to create a batch of records minimizes the impact of the round trip to the server, and allows the database to batch the writes to the disk.
We can see how much the ORM can affect performance by running a simple benchmark. Each script starts from an empty database and inserts into the database 10,000 records of the following model:
from django.db import models class TestModel ( models . Model ): field_1 = models . IntegerField () field_2 = models . CharField ( max_length = 255 ) field_3 = models . DateTimeField () class Meta : app_label = 'app'
It's a very simple model, with only three fields of three different types on top of the implicit id field. It has no foreign keys.
All the code used for this benchmark is available here. You can clone the repository and follow the instruction in the README to run the scripts yourself and reproduce the results presented here.
The Setup
The scripts were run using the following setup:
Operating System: Ubuntu 14.04
Database: PostgreSQL 9.3, using the default Ubuntu configuration
Database driver: psycopg2 2.6.1
Django 1.8.6
Hardware: Intel i5-4570S CPU, 16GB of RAM, Samsung 840 EVO SSD
The database and the python scripts were run on the same computer. This minimizes the cost of round trip time to the database, skewing the result in favor of non-batched operations. As we will see, despite this advantage the performance difference between non-batched and batched operations is still huge.
ORM create()
The more natural way to create records using the ORM is to create them one by one, using a simple loop:
import utils from django.utils import timezone from app import models def orm_create ( n_records ): for i in xrange ( 0 , n_records ): models . TestModel . objects . create ( field_1 = i , field_2 = str ( i ), field_3 = timezone . now (), ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( orm_create )
This approach has several advantages: it's simple, easy to understand and respects all your custom model code.
Unfortunately, performance is poor:
$ python orm_create.py Created 10000 records in 12685ms
If you need to create lots of records, this kind of performance is often unacceptable.
ORM bulk_create()
Django does offer a method to handle exactly this scenario: bulk_create. You can pass it a list of new model instances to create, and it will issue bulk queries to the database:
import utils from django.utils import timezone from app import models def orm_bulk_create ( n_records ): instances = [ models . TestModel ( field_1 = i , field_2 = str ( i ), field_3 = timezone . now (), ) for i in xrange ( 0 , n_records ) ] models . TestModel . objects . bulk_create ( instances ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( orm_bulk_create )
The performance boost is huge:
$ python orm_bulk_create.py Created 10000 records in 334ms
Performance comes at a price: your custom save() method and signals won't be invoked. It also doesn't work with table inheritance.
In short, you can no longer trust the ORM to enforce your business logic, losing lots of the advantages of using an ORM in the first place.
SQL INSERT
Let's now turn away from the ORM to see if we can further improve performance using pure SQL queries.
A first, simple approach is to create records one by one using INSERT statements:
import utils from contextlib import closing from django.db import connection from django.utils import timezone def sql_simple_insert ( n_records ): with closing ( connection . cursor ()) as cursor : for i in xrange ( 0 , n_records ): cursor . execute ( 'INSERT INTO app_testmodel (field_1, field_2, field_3)' 'VALUES ( %s , %s , %s )' , ( i , str ( i ), timezone . now ()), ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( sql_simple_insert )
Similarly to the first ORM approach, creating records one by one performs poorly:
$ python sql_simple_insert.py Created 10000 records in 3968ms
It's about three times faster than creating records one by one using the ORM. That's how much the ORM abstractions are costing us. The queries sent to the database are the same, but the ORM needs to call custom validation and save methods and invoke all signals. It also needs to build the SQL insert query every single time.
Using SQL INSERT statements has the same disadvantage we saw with bulk_create, in that custom model business logic is not executed, but it only has a fraction of the performance gains.
SQL INSERT, using executemany
The psycopg2 cursor has a method to execute a single SQL statement multiple times, using a different set of arguments each time. It looks like a simple way to batch operations without changing the code too much:
import utils from contextlib import closing from django.db import connection from django.utils import timezone def sql_simple_insert_executemany ( n_records ): with closing ( connection . cursor ()) as cursor : cursor . executemany ( 'INSERT INTO app_testmodel (field_1, field_2, field_3)' 'VALUES ( %s , %s , %s )' , [( i , str ( i ), timezone . now ()) for i in xrange ( 0 , n_records )], ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( sql_simple_insert_executemany )
Despite looking like a batch operation, performance didn't really improve:
$ python sql_simple_insert_executemany.py Created 10000 records in 3693ms
As it turns out, under the hood psycopg2 is still sending the queries one by one to the database. With that in mind, it's not surprising that performance is so close to the previous approach.
SQL batch INSERT
We can do a lot better by building a single SQL INSERT statement to create multiple records at once, similar to the SQL built by bulk_create:
import utils from contextlib import closing from django.db import connection from django.utils import timezone def sql_batch_insert ( n_records ): sql = 'INSERT INTO app_testmodel (field_1, field_2, field_3) VALUES {}' . format ( ', ' . join ([ '( %s , %s , %s )' ] * n_records ), ) params = [] for i in xrange ( 0 , n_records ): params . extend ([ i , str ( i ), timezone . now ()]) with closing ( connection . cursor ()) as cursor : cursor . execute ( sql , params ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( sql_batch_insert )
Building the SQL query manually adds more noise to the code than using bulk_create, but other than that it has no significant disadvantage:
$ python sql_batch_insert.py Created 10000 records in 167ms
Performance is in the same order of magnitude as bulk_create, and as we saw when comparing the standard ORM create() method against simple SQL INSERT statements, the ORM overhead is non-trivial.
PostgreSQL COPY FROM
If we leave the realm of standard, portable SQL, PostgreSQL offers an extension to import and export records in bulk.
Using COPY FROM we can import data from a CSV file. The CSV file can also be read directly from the connection input stream. psycopg2 exposes this functionality in the cursor copy_from() method, which accepts any python file-like object to read the records from.
We can use StringIO together with the csv module to build this file-like object in memory, and then import it in the database using copy_from():
import utils from contextlib import closing import csv from cStringIO import StringIO from django.db import connection from django.utils import timezone def copy_from ( n_records ): stream = StringIO () writer = csv . writer ( stream , delimiter = ' \t ' ) for i in xrange ( 0 , n_records ): writer . writerow ([ i , str ( i ), timezone . now () . isoformat ()]) stream . seek ( 0 ) with closing ( connection . cursor ()) as cursor : cursor . copy_from ( file = stream , table = 'app_testmodel' , sep = ' \t ' , columns = ( 'field_1' , 'field_2' , 'field_3' ), ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( copy_from )
The code is relatively easy to understand and arguably more readable than the batch SQL INSERT query, but not as much as bulk_create. Performance is better than any of the other approaches:
$ python copy_from.py Created 10000 records in 96ms
We removed most of the overhead associated with creating and sending queries, and it shows. It's about three times faster than using the fastest ORM method.
This is possibly the more performant method to create multiple records in PostgreSQL.
Generating the data in the database
Finally, we can improve performance further by cheating. If we generate the data directly in the database, we don't need to send it across the wire, removing all the network overhead. On top of that, the database won't need to parse all the records data, since we're not actually sending any record.
This approach is not nearly as generic as the previous ones: in almost all practical cases, data has to come from somewhere (an external file, a web request, etc.) and is not automatically generated inside the database.
In some rare cases though, you do need to generate records programmatically with no external input and this approach can be used. Examples of that are static tables and denormalized tables automatically generated from other tables contents.
This approach also serves as a lower boundary on how fast we can hope to insert new records into the database, showing how close to optimal the previous methods were.
We can use GENERATE_SERIES to generate the 10000 records to insert:
import utils from contextlib import closing from django.db import connection def generate_data_in_database ( n_records ): with closing ( connection . cursor ()) as cursor : cursor . execute ( """ INSERT INTO app_testmodel (field_1, field_2, field_3) SELECT i, i::text, now() FROM generate_series(0, %s - 1) AS s(i) """ , ( n_records ,), ) if __name__ == '__main__' : utils . timed ( generate_data_in_database )
Performance is obviously better than the previous approaches:
$ python generate_data_in_database.py Created 10000 records in 44ms
If you find yourself with a problem in which this approach can be used, by all means do so, because there is no faster way to insert new records.
Conclusions
The Django ORM design offers a good solution when you need to operate on a small set of records, which is the most common scenario in web applications. Using the hooks it provides can lead to readable, well encapsulated code.
On the other hand, as the number of records you need to operate on at once increases, the ORM becomes a performance liability.
If you took advantage of the hooks available in the ORM, and then you find yourself in a situation where you need to import a large amount of records, you will be in a tough spot.
You will need to decide between replacing all the custom model code with a batch friendly solution, or duplicating the necessary business logic in the code that inserts the records in batches. The first approach can be a lot of work if you have more than a handful of models and complex logic. The second one can be a good trade-off if you only need to batch load a small subset of the models, and their logic is simple, but duplicating logic can easily lead to inconsistencies, bugs, and duplicate maintenance effort.
Of course, if you can afford it, you can also decide to accept the performance impact, and insert records one by one.
As it often happens when it comes to programming, deciding between taking advantage of the ORM or not is a trade-off between immediate convenience and performance.
Make sure you evaluate those trade-offs for your particular situation before blindly deciding in favor or against the ORM.
It's not even possible to get mad at the Baltimore Sun now. The Baltimore Sun is a nursing home where newspapering goes to die, or to sink into terminal urine-soaked frailty and confusion. Yesterday it announced it had received the commitment papers for City Paper, the city's alternative weekly, b. 1977 – d. TK But Soon.
Why is the Sun buying City Paper? It has no idea. "This acquisition will allow us to build upon the existing success of the City Paper," the CEO of the Baltimore Sun Media Group, Tim Ryan, wrote in a press release. "We want the paper to remain a valued alternative, independent voice in Baltimore."
Obviously, on a basic-meanings-of-words basis, this is either a lie or wholesale delusion. Once the Sun owns City Paper, City Paper will not be independent; it will be owned by the Sun. It will not be an alternative; it will be a subsidiary of the dominant voice, such as it is, which is dominant only in market share. The biggest ruin in a ghost city.
When City Paper began it was an alternative not only to The Sun—no "Baltimore" in the name, then; that was an out-of-town owner's later innovation—but to the editorially independent Evening Sun and the wholly separate News-American, owned by Hearst. Then, in 1986, the Sunpapers were bought by Times-Mirror and Hearst gave up on the News-American. Nine years later, the Evening Sun was folded into the morning paper, and Baltimore was a one-daily town.
But not a one-paper town. It was possible to believe, then, in City Paper's big brick rowhouse at 812 Park Avenue, that the Sun—thick with ads still, but cheapened and demoralized by out-of-town ownership—was beatable. It was old media, stodgy media, dumb media. I was in the rowhouse because, a few years before, I had sent a letter to the Walters Art Gallery to apply for some sort of post-college white-collar job there, and the woman who'd read the letter phoned me up to tell me I was obviously unemployable at the Walters but that I should talk to her friend, who was then City Paper's editor.
Her friend, in turn, gave me a few assignments at 10 cents a word, and after he left, the editor who succeeded him agreed to install me in a tiny marble-walled office, a bathroom converted to a fact-checking library, as an editorial assistant. A series of promotions and larger bathroom-offices followed. I got a media column, mostly devoted to the large and slow target that was the Sun.
(Fascinating. Please tell us lots more about yourself, old man.)
I left City Paper to go write for the Boston Phoenix for a couple of years. You may have heard of the Phoenix through its own obituaries last year. Mourn the Phoenix, sure. Certain things about the Phoenix were great, but it was a place where a writer had the freedom to write a fascinating and deeply reported feature story, and then to watch the powers in charge put Pearl Jam on the cover instead. Also a place where management counted heads of who showed up in the newsroom during the April Fool's blizzard of 1997. When City Paper called to ask me to write again, I jumped back.
All of which is to say that the now-threatened species known as "alternative weeklies" contained some rather different lineages. Some papers were founded on a mercenary Boomer grooviness, some were earnest and political. City Paper was a Russ Smith paper—the original Russ Smith paper, before he started another City Paper in Washington and then hired Jack Shafer to run it, before he appalled and confounded New York with the New York Press. That rock-throwing ancestry defined it, even after ownership had passed into the hands of the Times-Shamrock group of Scranton, Pennsylvania, a family-run foursquare community-newspaper concern that knew nothing about its decadent big-city property except that, left to its own devices, it made money.
Money! The first myth or illusion that the free alternatives existed to puncture was that newspapering was a matter of selling articles to readers. The reputable dailies, with their coin-boxes and subscription offices, were designed to make it look as if that were the transaction. But the money lay in selling readers to advertisers. The cover price was a fiction, useful inasmuch as it helped guarantee that the people who read the ads weren't broke, and that they had some emotional investment in reading the paper.
City Paper briefly tried charging for its product, at one point, but mostly it gave it away. If the ads were cheap and less constrained by standards of propriety, and the writing ditto, you could get a product that would engage readers anyway, and sell them things, and carve out a lucrative market segment. And you could enjoy the work, at least until the day that the disruption was itself disrupted, when the classified-ad business and the sex-ad business and the business of letting uncredentialed writers express themselves all floated clear of the entire tree-pulp business model.
It is the crotchetiest of complaints from the survivors and non-survivors of pre-internet newspapering, but here it is: What hasn't lifted so easily into the weightless aether has been all the reporting that went into the pages, the facts and incidents and observations that someone might pay you 10 cents a word, or even a salary, to gather. What made the weekly business so exciting, right before the business model crumpled, was that there was so much to write about—a whole city's worth of material, even as the ostensible local newspaper of record was shrinking and hollowing out and becoming an ever-more-revenue-optimized subordinate unit of a national chain. It was all just lying around waiting for someone to go out and see it.
So it was that one summer Van Smith got interested in where dead animals got to, and he and the photographer Michelle Gienow got themselves allowed to enter the Valley Proteins rendering plant, all over the place, till they came back reeking of the burnt death-grease, with stray tufts of fur floating out of the camera bag.
And while he was at the plant, Van asked if dead cats and dogs ended up in the cat and dog feed, and the factory folks told him they didn't, and then he went and saw where the dead pets went into one end of the line and where the pet-food raw materials came out the other end. So he wrote what he'd observed. And when the beef industry sued Oprah Winfrey, in the middle of the mad-cow scare, for having defamed hamburgers by saying that cows were being fed dead cows, Van flew down to Texas and testified. Oprah won. The courtroom sketch ended up on the wall in the grand stairwell at 812 Park Avenue.
The paper is skinny now, but it still makes money. It will probably keep on making money for the Sun, for a while, like an old vending machine. But there's more than three decades worth of evidence of what happens when the Sun absorbs other newspapers. For a while, the remains of the Evening Sun kept the Sun fat with columns, extra features, page after page of comics. Then those things went away like the redundancies they'd become. The Aegis, in Harford County, where I had my first paid reporting job, is an attenuated wisp of a local paper.
As the Sun itself, far down what's now the Chicago Tribune chain, is attenuated. Consolidation is the enemy of abundance. Being a chain newspaper means being the minimum newspaper the owners can get away with publishing. I was in Beijing to witness the Sun's last China correspondent packing up the bureau to close it. The Sun could use the Tribune's coverage. I was still in Beijing when the Tribune correspondent shut down that bureau, too.
When the Sun says it's going to maintain and build on the value of City Paper, it's babbling. It's not simply that it's buying out its most dedicated adversary. The Sun doesn't do things like building value, and it hasn't had the power to do those things for years. The paper has been on the sales block itself for months now, as Tribune tries to unload its doomed newspaper business onto somebody else.
City Paper, as City Paper, is finished. The newspaper rendering line will do what it was built to do. The operations will be moved out of 812 Park and into the Sunpapers building on Calvert Street. On March 5, before Times-Shamrock officially hands over the paper, employees were told, it will terminate the entire staff. Only a portion of them will actually be re-hired.
It was the Baltimore Business Journal that first reported that those layoffs are coming. The Sun left that news out of its initial reports on the deal, only adding it after it had been reported elsewhere. Its new independent acquisition still hasn't mentioned it. The employees have been told not to comment to the press.
[Image by Jim Cooke]
FORT COLLINS, Colo. -- Three people, including a Colorado State University student, were killed and one person was wounded Thursday in a pre-dawn shooting outside an apartment complex about a mile west of the campus, police said. The shooting suspect was among those killed.
A motive for the 2 a.m. shooting in Fort Collins wasn't known. University police alerted students and faculty via text and email to stay inside after shots were heard.
The Larimer County coroner's office says Savannah McNealy, 22, of Fort Collins, was among the three found dead. She had been shot multiple times, and her death has been ruled a homicide.
Savannah McNealy is seen in a photo obtained by CBS Denver station KCNC-TV.
The Fort Collins Coloradoan reports McNealy was studying liberal arts, art and art history. She also was a designer for CSU Life, a monthly campus publication.
The other three involved, whose names have not been released, were not affiliated with CSU, a public university with more than 33,000 students about 65 miles north of Denver. City police Sgt. Dean Cunningham said it appeared that the shooter was known by one of the victims.
Yellow police tape cordoned off a parking area outside a drab gray apartment building in the City Park neighborhood, a residential area that abuts the university's 590-acre campus. Many students and faculty live in the neighborhood.
Darren Rutz, a former CSU student who lives near the scene, told CBS Denver station KCNC-TV he was awakened by gunfire, followed by a woman's call for help.
"There were a lot of gunshots actually, so, I don't know, they sounded like they were all coming from the same place," Rutz said.
"We just kept hearing these manic screams, at which point we decided to call 911," Austin Pickett, who lives in the complex, told the station.
Grief counselors tended to students and others at an on-campus student center.
"We are deeply saddened by this terrible loss to our campus community and will share more information as we have it," the university said in an email to students and staff.
Girls' Brigade taught homosexuality is a sin - equal to murder, stealing and adultery BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Girls Brigade for Northern Ireland has been caught up in a row after children took part in a religious lesson in which homosexuality was described as a sin. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/girls-brigade-taught-homosexuality-is-a-sin-equal-to-murder-stealing-and-adultery-31112641.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article31112640.ece/1a99d/AUTOCROP/h342/2015-04-02_new_8298782_I1.JPG
Email
The Girls Brigade for Northern Ireland has been caught up in a row after children took part in a religious lesson in which homosexuality was described as a sin.
Young girls were told during a recent spiritual course run by the GB that homosexuality was as great a 'sin' as deliberately taking someone's life.
A mother whose daughters attended the lesson reported the Christian organisation to the PSNI for an alleged hate crime. She said she believed the teachings were "bigoted" and "tantamount to incitement to hatred".
The PSNI said last night that following legal advice no action could be taken.
Chief Inspector Kyle Gordon, PSNI area commander for Newtownards, said: "Police received a report from a member of the public on March 30. It was the subject of a detailed examination by police in accordance with our policy and procedures concerning hate incidents. Legal advice was also sought. It was concluded that no further action could be taken by police in relation to this report."
The Girls' Brigade said that "given the interdenominational nature of GBNI", they do not hold an official position on homosexuality.
"There are a range of views and interpretations of scripture within different churches and denominations and the organisation, leadership and Christian teaching of a GB company is entirely the responsibility of the local church," a spokeswoman said.
She added that a team of volunteer members develop the scripture course each year and the "extent to which the resources are used and how it is taught is a matter for the volunteer GB leaders in the local churches".
"The objective of the learning activity that the parent complained about was to stimulate discussion and to help girls to consider the Christian teaching that there is no 'hierarchy of sins' and that a loving God can forgive all sin," she said.
"This activity was not intended to be about homosexuality but designed to demonstrate the love of God. On reflection, given the way it has been misinterpreted, we have concluded that the learning could have been achieved more effectively in a different way."
The complaint arises from two scripture classes held by Ards GB in February.
Children were asked to order a number of "sins" that included homosexuality, adultery, stealing and murder. At the end of the teaching the children were told that all of the sins were equal in the eyes of God.
"When I collected my daughters they were very upset that homosexuality was firstly classed as a sin and secondly that it was equated with murder. Someone's sexuality is certainly not regarded as a sin in our family as they have an uncle who is not only gay, but openly lives with his partner whom they love dearly," the Newtownards woman said.
She added: "Everyone is entitled to their opinion. It is the fact they are teaching this to impressionable young children, that is where my worry comes from.
"As a mother I believe this is a serious safeguard issue for children. LGB teens and young adults are at a much greater risk of suicide. They are telling children as young as 11 that homosexuality is a sin. That could have very serious consequences.
"I want to make parents aware that this Christian organisation is teaching children as young as 11 this type of thing.
"If I had known that this type of stuff was going to form part of their lessons I would never have sent my daughters."
Factfile
The Girls Brigade is a worldwide organisation operating in 52 countries for over 120 years.
In Northern Ireland the GB has almost 23,000 members and is the province's largest youth organisation.
There are various aspects to activities including spiritual training, physical education and the Duke of Edinburgh's Award.
The vision of GBNI is to be "recognised as a dynamic, relevant, Christ-centred organisation effectively reaching out to all girls to value, nurture and equip them for life".
Their aim is "to help girls to become followers of the Lord Jesus Christ, and through self-control, reverence and a sense of responsibility, to find true enrichment of life."
One of the organisation's main principles is: "The Brigade witnesses to the standard set by Jesus Christ and gives positive teaching on the Christian attitude to life. The Brigade promotes a just society where all people are equally valued."
All over the world, Girls' Brigade members wear the same badge, which has four main elements - a cross, a lamp, a crown and a torch.
The deep concern of one woman and the sleepless nights of another
It was a religious course compiled to help guide young Christian girls within the Girls' Brigade in their spiritual development.
However, the content and delivery of the course has led to a bitter row between the Girls' Brigade and the mother of four of its members, as well as a complaint to police. The controversy first erupted in January when teenage GB members in Ards were asked to place a list of 'sins' in order, from the worst to the least.
Included in the list were murder, theft, homosexuality and adultery. When two of the girls placed homosexuality at the bottom of the list they were told by a leader that all of the 'sins' were equal in the eyes of God and that people who sin should seek God's forgiveness.
The lesson was repeated the following week with a younger group aged between 11 and 14.
The mother of four GB members, three of whom were involved in the lessons, said her daughters were left "very upset and angry" that homosexuality was not only classed as a sin, but that it was "equated with murder".
She wrote a letter of complaint to the GB, saying: "Surely as a parent, I should have been advised in advance that these topics were going to be discussed and afforded the opportunity to consent beforehand?
"I would also be keen to establish what training was given to the leaders, prior to delivering such sensitive topics to a group of children within this most impressionable age group."
The Newtownards woman raised concern in her letter "regarding the potential impact this lesson might have upon a child who may be struggling with their own sexual identity, especially since this is not uncommon within this age group".
She added: "I am fearful that the lessons being taught may have the very real potential to not only cause them confusion but could, potentially, be extremely harmful to their development and general wellbeing."
She also asked for assurance that "no other girls will be subjected to this".
"Furthermore, in my view it is tantamount to incite hatred," she added.
Following the complaint, the GB's Spiritual Team held two meetings to discuss the issues raised. On March 17 a member of the Spiritual Team wrote to the complainant and said that they had received "several letters of concern regarding this lesson".
"Having carefully reviewed the lesson in question and considered the feedback that we have received, it is clear that the exercise was not the most effective and appropriate methodology for achieving the learning objective of the lesson," the team member wrote.
She added: "The objective was to help girls to consider the Christian teaching that there is no 'hierarchy of sins' and that a loving God can forgive all sin.
"This lesson was not intended to be about homosexuality and we have concluded that the learning could have been more effectively achieved in a different way." The GB's Spiritual Team, which is made up of volunteers, provides the Scripture Course resources "with the aim of providing leaders with tools to support and encourage girls to understand, consider and discuss what the Bible says and to explore their values and beliefs in their daily lives," she said.
The GB woman added: "I have had many sleepless nights worrying that any parent would see the GB as 'bigoted' and 'inciting hatred' and 'in breach of human rights legislation' as a result of an exercise that we could have designed better.
"I would like to appeal to your generosity to understand that we are simply trying to do our best to help girls explore what the Bible says, that we sometimes make mistakes but that our overwhelming desire is for the physical, educational, emotional and spiritual development of girls in GB."
The complainant said that the response did not resolve the issues she had raised and that she was concerned that the GB had not apologised "for the hurt occasioned by including homosexuality as a sin".
She made a formal complaint to the PSNI, but following legal advice it was decided that no further action could be taken.
'It was not intended to be about homosexuality'
Statement from Carolyn Pauley, Team Leader, GBNI Spiritual Team
Given the interdenominational nature of Girls' Brigade Northern Ireland (GBNI), we do not hold an 'official position' on homosexuality. There are a range of views and interpretations of Scripture within different churches and denominations, and the organisation, leadership and Christian teaching of a GB company is entirely the responsibility of the local church.
We provide the Scripture Course resources with the aim of providing leaders with tools to support and encourage girls to understand, consider and discuss what the Bible says and to explore their values and beliefs in their daily lives as part of their spiritual development. We believe it is important to include contemporary topics that affect girls and this can include issues such as sex, relationships, mental health, drugs and alcohol, human trafficking etc.
However, we want to do this in an age-appropriate way (this lesson was designed for older girls in second-level education) and with the support of parents.
GBNI provides training to over 500 leaders each year and this includes support on how to handle sensitive issues. We already equip our leaders with resources and training days but we are planning other ways to equip and inspire our 3,000 dedicated voluntary leaders further.
The Scripture Course is developed by a team of volunteer members each year and the extent to which the resources are used and how it is taught is a matter for the volunteer GB leaders in the local churches. The objective of the learning activity that the parent complained about was to stimulate discussion and to help girls to consider the Christian teaching that there is no 'hierarchy of sins' and that a loving God can forgive all sin.
This activity was not intended to be about homosexuality but designed to demonstrate the love of God. On reflection, given the way it has been misinterpreted, we have concluded that the learning could have been achieved more effectively in a different way.
From a membership of 23,000 we received many positive comments and three complaints regarding this year's Scripture Course; two from parents and one from a member. Our Spiritual Team gave the concerns raised serious consideration and replied to each of the three complaints in detail. One parent warmly welcomed our response and one parent was dissatisfied with our explanation. We understand it is the one dissatisfied parent's allegations that the Belfast Telegraph has decided to publish.
We will continue to listen to feedback from parents, young people and churches to help us to review how we develop and present our Scripture Course and to continually improve how we prepare volunteers for these sessions.
Linda Bryans: why I'm proud to be a patron of the Girls' Brigade
"I have been a patron for Girls Brigade Northern Ireland for a number of years and proudly so.
"I was also a member of 1st Saintfield GB when I was a little girl. I have very fond memories of my time there.
"The GB has changed a lot since my time there, very much for the better. The projects that the girls take part in are all very relevant to their lives today. Very difficult subjects are covered like mental health, depression, human trafficking, marginalised communities etc, all the things that affect teenagers and young girls today.
"The girls work very hard and develop many essential skills that will stay with them for the rest of their lives, such as leadership skills, management skills, self-development. These are all important skills that employers are looking for.
"The GB has a lot to offer young girls and its volunteers work extremely hard to assist in their physical, educational, emotional and spiritual development."
Linda Bryans is a journalist and television presenter
Belfast Telegraph
An army ground offensive on four different fronts has begun on rebel-held areas of the besieged city of Aleppo.
The attack comes after five days of intense air strikes on east Aleppo, including the reported use of bunker-buster ground-penetrating bombs and incendiary devices, which have destroyed civilian infrastructure including a water station and emergency response centres. Activists on the ground say more than 400 people have died.
Nato said on Tuesday that the Russian-backed attacks on Aleppo are in “blatant violation of international law”. There are now fears that the approximately 250,000 people inside besieged rebel areas could be facing an all-out assault from the air and the ground. An “atrocity that would resonate in history," as one diplomat warned.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Read more
Ammar al-Selmo of the White Helmets civil defence rescue service told The Independent that Tuesday had dawned quietly before strikes begin in earnest again at 3.30pm, approximately the same time ground troops began making their advance. Mr Al-Selmo said he had seen 14 dead in two strikes so far, before the phone line cut out.
The Syrian army and allied Iraqi, Iranian and Lebanese militias attacked four of the city's major access points at the same time on Tuesday.
Rebels said the government troops were held off, but Syrian state media reported that the army captured several buildings near Aleppo's citadel in the historic Old Quarter, and successfully retook the rebel neighbourhood of Farafra. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed that Syrian army troops had entered the Old Quarter.
The leader of a Syrian government-allied elite Iraqi militia said his soldiers were moving tanks and armoured vehicles in preparation for an assault on the opposition-held east of the city, Reuters reported.
A military official speaking on condition of anonymity told the AP that the offensive will continue daily on all fronts until “terrorists” in east Aleppo are “wiped out”.
Aleppo bears the brunt in another day of carnage and defiance
Aleppo bears the brunt in another day of carnage and defiance
1/3
Damaged police vehicles and equipment lie scattered after one of the bombings that targeted security compounds in Aleppo
EPA
2/3
A masked Syrian rebel
AP
3/3
Syrian rebel at a demonstration in Idlib
AP
Leaflets dropped on the city in the past day sought to assure trapped residents “there are no boundaries between us, break fears within you and come back to your normal life,” urging them to flee to government-held parts of the city. However, several reports say that those who tried to approach the siege barricades were shot at by snipers. There are no reports of any east Aleppo civilians crossing over into western districts.
Another leaflet warns rebel fighters to surrender or die, showing portraits of leaders recently killed in clashes struck through with red crosses.
The Syrian government announced last week following the collapse of a US-Russian brokered ceasefire that it intends to retake Aleppo – the last major rebel stronghold – for good.
The UN's envoy to Syria Staffan de Mistura warned that the battle could be a “grinding, street-by-street fight, over the course of months if not years”.
Government forces briefly captured Handarat from rebels on Saturday, but lost it in a counter-attack the same day. Minor clashes in several outskirts in recent days have so far been repelled by the opposition.
There are only 35 doctors left to tend the wounded in Aleppo (AFP/Getty Images)
East Aleppo's supply lines were completely shut off by goverment forces in July, leaving residents inside living under siege conditions. There are only 35 doctors left in the district caring for hundreds of wounded, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Tuesday. A White Helmets representative told The Independent he estimated 2,000 people were in need of urgent medical assistance.
“WHO is calling for the immediate establishment of humanitarian routes to evacuate sick and wounded from the eastern part of the city,” spokesperson Fadela Chaib said from Geneva.
The Syrian regime has not attempted to retake Aleppo's rebel neighbourhoods by means of a ground offensive since 2012.
Recapturing rebel districts of Aleppo would greatly strengthen President Bashar al-Assad's position in the six-year-long war, effectively wiping out all non-Islamist resistance from major cities and leaving just pockets of US-backed rebel groups in the far north and south of the country.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
There have been rumors for a while now, but at a Flyers season ticket holder event on Tuesday night, a more official confirmation was made: the Flyers will have a third jersey next season.
The Reebok catalog previously indicated that the Flyers would be sporting a new alternate jersey this coming year, but this is some actual confirmation. Shawn Tilger is the team's COO of business operations.
The Flyers last introduced a third jersey (excluding 2010 and 2012 when they wore special jerseys for the Winter Classic) in 2008-09, when they first brought back their current home orange jerseys. That switched to the primary in 2009-10 and the old black alternate became the alternate. They wound up ditching the black after that season.
Prior to that, the Flyers wore that God-awful orange jersey with the 3D crest from 2002-07. From 1997 to 2001, they wore black for the first time, introducing an alternate jersey that was the same as their then-primary jerseys, just with swapped colors.
The safe bet would be that the Flyers would go black for this new alternate, but who knows. What would you like to see?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could be given permission to miss England's flight to Malta to complete his £40m switch to Liverpool.
England boss Gareth Southgate has indicated that Oxlade-Chamberlain can stay behind if the move runs over into deadline day.
England fly out to Malta on Thursday and Liverpool are now trying to rush through the move and are confident they will agree a deal.
Oxlade-Chamberlain has yet to complete a medical and he could fly out on the day of the World Cup qualifier.
(Image: PA)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Mirror Sport understands that Arsenal would be prepared to sell to Liverpool despite the long-running history of bad blood between the clubs.
It comes after Oxlade-Chamberlain turned down a move to Chelsea even though Arsenal agreed a £40m deal with their London rivals.
Chelsea are fuming over Oxlade-Chamberlain's snub, they had a deal agreed and yet the Arsenal midfielder chose to go to Anfield.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Liverpool has now made direct contact to try and broker a deal with Arsenal looking for them to match Chelsea's offer.
Oxlade-Chamberlain would prefer a switch to Liverpool where he would play midfield and believes he can improve and develop his England career.
These photos and videos provide a detailed look at this project's development.
Appearance and function match the final product, but is made with different manufacturing methods.
Looks like the final product, but is not functional.
Demonstrates the functionality of the final product, but looks different.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
Meet Dagadam, a smartwatch that entwines perfectly the ultimate technology with a comfortable and ergonomic design. We are involved in researching and developing artificial intelligent-based technologies. Through intelligent systems that utilize the latest technological breakthroughs and attention to details, the aim is to reach a brand-new level of innovation. A team of perfectionists started to work on this project since February 2014, being more a passion than a business.
Dagadam's Unique Features
Dagadam watch is the first smartwatch with a Smart Notification Center, called Dagadam HUB. It analyzes and learns the way you interact with notifications and sort's future ones according to your specific preferences and habits.
The "SENSE" touch bezel is a sleek, touch sensitive ring around the outer edge of the display for easy navigation, clicking, scrolling, zooming and more. At the moment we are in the development phase of "SENSE" function and will be available on your Dagadam watch.
Dagadam Buddy allows you to exchange contact and social media information with your friends by simply touching both watches together for 5 seconds. You can control what you choose to share. This function will be available only between two Dagadam watches.
Band Changing System Concept
Dagadam Watch Band Changing System
We are working on a wristband changing system for Dagadam Watch, without losing the GPS and without having a bad GPS signal.
Call Directly From your Watch
Dagadam FIT is a feature that register and analyze your daily nutrition and effort in order to provide a complete report. You can dictate your every meal and that's it. The report will include: Calorie intake, average basal calorie consumption based on your weight, height, age, gender, calorie consumption doing sports (communication with Fitness app) and the difference between intake and consumption.
Search Your Favorite Places
New Dagadam Watch Faces
Facebook Messenger Notifications/Reply
TIC - Time in Control. Mobvoi's in-house developed Ticwear OS allows easy navigation through information and built-in apps, and offers connectivity with your iPhone or Android device, and features its own app store with frequent OTA updates and a growing developer community!
Inspired by architectural philosophy, Cubic UI is a 4-way in-depth user interface that enables easy navigation among countless information: notification, quick cards, the app list, music control, voice search and more.
Ticwear View
Dagadam watch pre-loads a series of useful apps, including “Dialer,” “Calendar,” “Health,” “Fitness,” and many more. These apps were designed specifically for optimal smartwatch functionality. You can even use “Find my phone” to locate your phone from your watch!
Compatible with iPhone and Android
*System requirement: iOS 8.0 and Android 4.3+
Currently Supported Apps (work in progress):
Pre-installed apps (for both Android and iOS): Dialer, Calendar, Health (including heart rate, steps etc), Fitness, Weather, Calculator, Stopwatch, Timer, Recorder, Alarm, Music control, Find My Phone.
Voice Search (both Android and iOS): Uber, Yelp, POI, Joke, Weather, etc.
Android: Notification of SMS, Facebook Messenger, Whatsapp, Gmail, etc. [Full Notification Display and Voice Reply]
iOS: Notifications of SMS, Facebook Messenger, Whatsapp, Gmail, etc. [Full Display]
Order your Uber directly from your wrist
Order an Uber With "Tico"
Ticwear App Store
You can also download more Ticwear apps through the Ticwear App Store on your Android device. iOS users will gain access to more built-in apps and features through frequent OTA updates.
Write Apps for Ticwear
You can also write your own apps for Ticwear! Ticwear provides open API (mostly compatible with Android Wear API) as well as more Ticwear-specific ones, including “Tickle API,” “Gesture API,” “Voice API,” and more. Please visit developer website for more information.
Frequent OTA Updates
The Ticwear OS Global Edition has been refined over 5 versions since May 2016, with the continued devotion of our tester community. We are committed to listening to you, our community, and look forward to improving the OS even more with your help.
CNC project
Dagadam watch v1.0 (first prototype)
Dagadam watch v1.0 (first prototype)
Dagadam Watch Silver/Black Edition prototype v1.1
*Dagadam watch design is a patent owned by Dagadam LTD Ireland, with the design number 003330364-0001 and with the owner ID number 776900.
Dagadam watch has powerful sensors precisely track real-time heart rate data, speed, distance, and GPS location. No need to bring your phone when going out for a run; Dagadam watch will save and share your activity with your phone and Google Fit, Strava and more! Sync with Bluetooth headphones to listen to your favorite music (up to 10.000 songs) on the go.
Dagadam watch is water resistant, IP67 certified (3.3 feet).
Google Play Music Control
Rubber wristband color options
Leather wristband color options
*The Leather wristband is made of high-quality artificial Leather.
Dagadam Watch Silver Edition
Dagadam Watch Black Edition
You can order more than one reward. Here's how:
You can pledge the amount of all the rewards you want and when you receive our survey (at the end of the campaign) you need to specify the rewards you chose. Every extra reward adds to the pledge its shipping fee. Example: You backed the Dagadam Watch (Early Birds - free shipping). If you want two more Extra Band Rewards you will need to add to your pledge, 2 X Extra Band Reward cost + 2 X Shipping fees.
Wristband sizes:
S (125mm - 155mm)
M(145mm - 175mm)
L (185mm - 215mm)
*The Leather wristband is made of high-quality artificial Leather.
The stretch goal will unlock at $100.000 raised. Dagadam watch S is a smaller version of Dagadam watch, with almost same features. Dagadam watch S also has a changeable wristband option, and GPS built-in.
Dagadam Watch S stretch goal
Dagadam Watch S vs Dagadam Watch
Size - Check the specifications section
1.2" AMOLED display
Battery Capacity - 350mAh
*Full specifications can be found in the Specification section
Dagadam Watch S
In order to provide to all our backers the best smartwatch, the specifications can change until shipping. All the changes will improve the quality or functionality of the Dagadam watch.
Examples:
We are working to improve the internal memory storage
We are working to improve the water resistance etc.
You can write us here:
Mandu Dragos - mandu.dragos@dagadam.com
- mandu.dragos@dagadam.com Bogdan Daragiu - daragiu@dagadam.com
With our team from Shenzhen
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam Watch v1.1 with demo Ticwear OS
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The Principle of our "SENSE" touch bezel (prototype) functionality Test
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam Watch v1.1 Microphone and Speaker Test
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You can wear Dagadam Watch on your both hands
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
*Wireless Charging test with Dagadam Watch prototype v1.1
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam watch v1.0 tested with Android 5.1
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam watch v1.0 water resistant test
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam watch v1.0 tested with Android 5.1
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Watch face change/costumize
Watchmaker app will be available on Dagadam Watch and Dagadam Watch S
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam Watch (Screen) Scratch Test
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam Watch Drop Test (Prototype with Android 5.1 OS)
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Dagadam Watch (Case) Scratch Test
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
360° view with the latest prototype
*This chart shows the order (by size) of our expenses after the Kickstarter campaign ends. However, it can vary!
Warranty
Because we trust in all our products, each Dagadam Watch has a warranty for one year, starting from the date of receiving it. If you have questions during or after the campaign, please contact us at contact@dagadam.com .
Questions - Ask away! Shoot us a message or post a comment and we'll do our best to get back to you with an answer.
Feedback - Got a creative idea you think we should implement with Dagadam Watch? Don't hesitate - let us know! Dagadam Watch is being made possible by you, and we want you to be a part of the creative process as well.
Duties & Taxes
We will ship Dagadam Watch worldwide, with the exception of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Myanmar, Congo, Iraq, Liberia, Libya, Somalia, Zimbabwe and Syria. Shipping costs around the globe are aprox. $12.
Please note that you will be responsible for duties, fees and taxes applicable to your region, which in the past have ranged from 0% to 20% in the US and EU countries. All the rewards prices are without taxes.
Our commitment to all of you is that we will make every effort to deliver you an exceptional product, on time, and will communicate with you regularly along our journey of getting Dagadam watch delivered to you!
PRESS RELEASE
The battle between HomePlug and HomeGrid to emerge as the de-facto powerline networking standard was quite interesting between 2010 and 2013. However, despite silicon getting demonstrated at various trade shows, HomeGrid's G.hn was unable to get a retail product out for a long time. This changed last summer with the introduction of the Comtrend PG-9172, a 1200 Mbps G.hn powerline adapter.
Background
We have covered powerline networking on-and-off over the last five years. Around the 2012 time-frame, there was a big tussle going on between HomePlug and HomeGrid to emerge as the standard for powerline communication. HomePlug has been enjoying a lot of success over the last decade as the incumbent with a huge installation base (both amongst service providers and retail consumers). Sigma Designs impressed us with multiple silicon demonstrations back in 2011. This was followed by Marvell throwing its hat in the ring later that year. However, despite multiple launches following up, HomeGrid's G.hn never appeared to gain traction.
At CES 2014, I had the chance to talk with the people from both HomePlug and HomeGrid. Following that, I completely wrote off G.hn's chances in the retail powerline communication market. My reasons were pretty clear - three years after launch of the first generation silicon from multiple vendors, they had no retail product to show. There were no major updates at CES 2015 either, and I thought HomePlug had sealed the deal to be the de-facto powerline standard.
Throughout this time, G.hn appeared to be gaining traction amongst service providers, but there appeared to be no significant deployment. Things started changing in 2015. Last year, Comtrend introduced the first G.hn product in the retail channel in the US market. We have had the review units for close to a year now. Despite doing some initial benchmarking last year, we were hesitant to carry out a full-length review with just benchmarks from the PG-9172 alone. Another reason was that the Comtrend PG-9172 was a standalone product, and couldn't inter-operate with the large number of HomePlug products already in the market. It was hard to judge the value of a product that had to rely on support from a non-Tier-1 vendor. A few weeks back, ARRIS (famous for its SURFboard cable modems after the 2013 purchase of the Motorola Home division) introduced the RipCurrent range of networking products utilizing G.hn technology. Suddenly, we could look at the Comtrend PG-9172 in a whole new light. A growing G.hn retail ecosystem meant that it was time to dust off the powerline adapters and look at the comparative performance of the PG-9172 against various solutions from the HomePlug stable.
Comtrend PG-9172: Features and Usage Impressions
The Comtrend PG-9172 is a powerline adapter based on G.hn technology. Prior to its launch, all retail powerline adapters had been based on HomePlug technology. Readers looking for some background on HomePlug and G.hn would do well to peruse our first powerline networking kit review and our subsequent coverage of the tussle between HomePlug and G.hn.
The Comtrend PG-9172, like other powerline adapters, uses existing electrical wiring and powerline technology to connect devices at wired speeds without rewiring with Ethernet. Comtrend claims that the G.hn technology in the PG-9172 helps it deliver better real-world performance compared to HomePlug AV2 standards. It features MIMO (multiple-input, multiple-output) technology and supports encryption for secure communication.
The PG-9172 is available as a single adapter. Obviously, one needs a minimum of two adapters to create a powerline network, and our review kit came with two units. Each package has an adapter, a Cat5 Ethernet cable, and a brief installation guide.
In order to support MIMO, the adapter makes use of the ground pin also. The rear side of the unit sports the HomeGrid certification logo. The bottom of the unit contains the RJ-45 port and a configuration reset button. The front side of the adapter contains LEDs to indicate power status, Ethernet link status and encryption status. Each adapter has dimensions of 93mm x 59.6mm x 35mm and weighs 100g.
The Comtrend PG-9172 is based on a Marvell platform. It uses the Marvell 88LX3142 for the G.hn digital baseband functionality and a Marvell 88LX2718 Analog Front End (AFE) chip. The platform features 128-bit AES encryption, and has a PHY rate of 1200 Mbps.
Using the adapter is a simple plug-and-play process. One plugged-in adapter is connected to the router / DHCP server, while the other adapter(s) can be connected to power outlets anywhere in the house. A maximum of 7 other adapters can be part of a G.hn powerline network, as per the specifications of the PG-9172. Most consumers can use the PG-9172 kits to extend their wired network in this manner without worrying about anything else.
Firmware upgrades are managed by the PG-9172 Upgrade Tool available for download on Comtrend's product page. Unfortunately, I never got the upgrade tool to work properly on any of the multiple machines I tried out. Consumers with technical awareness can also manage the adapters via a HTTP interface. This interface can be accessed by setting a static IP in the 10.10.1.0 subnet for the PC's network port connected to the PG-9172 unit. The adapter's web UI can then be accessed at 10.10.1.69 with the password 'paterna'.
The web configuration page provides essential statistics such as PHY rates. It also allows the user to enter a encryption passphrase. We find that power saving / inactivity detection mode is disabled by default. The firmware version can also be verified, and upgraded using FTP / TFTP. Unfortunately, direct upgrade of firmware via the web UI is not available. Advanced users can also configure multicast features, QoS and VLANs using the web UI.
Jamie Maclaren sent a message to Ange Postecoglou by hitting a hattrick as Brisbane Roar dominated Melbourne Victory 5-0 at Suncorp Stadium on Saturday night.
Left out of the Socceroos squad announced midweek, Maclaren scored twice in four first-half minutes and completed his treble late to lead the hosts into top spot.
A second-half downpour failed to halt Brisbane's momentum as they added three goals to a 2-0 half-time lead in an ominous sign for their fellow title hopefuls.
GOALS
1-0 Jamie Maclaren (18') – Brandon Borrello will claim it was intentional but in truth the winger's assist owes largely to a heavy first touch. His scrambling poke away from a Victory defender – after receiving Thomas Broich's pass – fell favourably for the unmarked Maclaren to sweep home a simple finish at the far post.
2-0 Jamie Maclaren (22') – If the first was fortuitous, this was simply stunning in its swift design. Dimitri Petratos received a quick pass from defence following a Victory corner and hit a raking, world-class pass into the path of Maclaren, who produced an unerring lob of the advanced Danny Vukovic.
3-0 Corey Brown (55') – The freedom of two-goal buffers can do great things for confidence. Recalled to the starting eleven, Brown received a short corner and laced a firm shot from outside the area which deflected heavily off Besart Berisha's outstretched leg.
4-0 Corona (76') – Roar's second counter-attacking goal of the night and one almost as special as the first. Petratos led the right-side breakaway and squared smartly for Maclaren, one of two attackers in tow. Danny Vukovic did well to deny the forward his hattrick but could do little to prevent Corona's cute, dinked follow-up.
5-0 Jamie Maclaren (87') – A late Roar corner somehow squirmed through a sea of Victory defenders to reach Maclaren at the far post, where he was able to hold off a marker and finish tidily back across Vukovic for a true poacher's hattrick.
KEY MOMENT
Goals naturally change matches, of course, but Melbourne Victory completely crumbled in the minutes after Jamie Maclaren's opener.
Brandon Borrello's stretching toepoke kept one of Brisbane's first attacks alive and the winger was rewarded for desperation as the ball broke fortuitously for his fellow forward.
The visitors had enjoyed the best of the first 20 minutes but never looked like recovering from quickfire Brisbane blows.
HIGHLIGHTS REEL
Dimitri Petratos' world-class pass for Roar's second goal forced Melbourne to go from appealing for a penalty at one end to picking the ball out of the net at the other.
Receiving a quick ball from the back, the mercurial midfielder launched a stunning pass which drew Danny Vukovic off his line and set the stage for Maclaren's classy lob.
BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD
Scott Galloway received a working over by Brandon Borrello and Jack Hingert in the first-half and found it no easier on the opposite flank when switched with Jason Geria at half-time.
The lack of cover provided by Fahid Ben Khalfallah only increased Galloway's headaches, which will similarly affect Kevin Muscat as he attempts to settle on a regular back four.
THE FINAL WORD
Jamie Maclaren stole all the headlines in another staggering result between the Hyundai A-League's two most successful clubs.
He now has 17 for the season – if he leads Brisbane deep into the Finals Series that Socceroos call will surely come soon.
Melbourne Victory must improve significantly for next weekend's hosting of Newcastle Jets if they're to set about safeguarding a top six spot.
TEAMS
Brisbane Roar: Young (gk), Hingert, Bowles, North, Brown, Corona (Lustica 76'), Petratos, McKay (Hervas 88'), Borrello, Maclaren, Broich (Henrique 62')
Melbourne Victory: Vukovic (gk), Geria, Deng, Delpierre, Galloway (Georgievski 67'), Mahazi, Bozanic, Ingham (Pain 72'), Finkler, Ben Khalfallah, Berisha (Thompson 67')
Scorers: Maclaren 18' 22' 87', Brown 55', Corona 76'
Red Cards: Nil
Yellow Cards: Mahazi 20', Galloway 31', North 45', Bowles 49', Georgievski 79', Petratos 81'
Attendance: 15,892
Conditions: 23°C, dry
This week (22 - 28 April) is the week that really matters most for those students who want to participate in Google Summer of Code. The deadline for student applications is next Friday (3 May), but if you don't spend time exploring project ideas this week, you won't be able to make a strong enough application.
Here are the key things I need to see for potential students for the project areas I have offered to co-mentor in:
Register on the Google site, Click here to register yourself (registration opens 22 April and closes 3 May). Create a page about yourself on the Debian wiki, you must copy the template used by the other students. Make sure you create a link from the student list to your own page. Think carefully about your project: what will be the final result of your work this summer? Describe what it will look like, how Debian people will use it, and explain these things on your wiki page, this will be critical to having Debian accept you.
Those are the essential things you must do before the deadline on 3 May. There are other things you should do as well:
Join the Summer of Code co-ordination mailing list
Join the mailing lists for whichever open source project and/or Debian packaging team is relevant to your proposed GSoC project
On the mailing list, send an email introducing yourself, giving us the link to your wiki page.
To maximize the chance that the Debian project will accept you, it is very important that you interact with us and show us that you understand software development.
I am going to try and make this easier: for each of my projects, I've put some wishlist items in the Debian bug tracker. These are all easy tasks that a student can potentially complete. Just do the following:
Pick a task from the bug tracker
Send an email to the bug tracker (e.g. <bug-number>@bugs.debian.org>) explaining that you will work on the task (and make sure nobody else is already working on it, just look to see if any other emails are attached to the bug report)
Write the patch, test it and email the patch to the bug report
Here are the links to the bug lists for each of the packages. You can also pick any other wishlist bug in any related package, but if you are not sure, just pick one of these:
If you already have a history of contributing to free software, it is essential that you tell us about it. This will increase the chances that your application is successful. Specifically, on your Debian wiki page, you should include links to any of the following:
Emails you sent to open source communities contributing patches or analysis of bugs (give a link to your message in the email archive for the list)
Your github account profile page, if you have one
Your Sourceforge account profile page, if you have one
Any other similar links
Debian receives many applications every year. To help you succeed, you need to think about how Debian will benefit from your work. Use Google to search the Debian site for previous discussions about your idea. Find out the names of Debian Developers who are interested in the same subjects, and email us or email the public mailing lists of the Debian project, for example, debian-devel. Make sure your email includes links to previous discussions or wiki pages about the idea, explain how you can help and ask the community for suggestions and guidance to refine your project proposal. Debian is an open community and we are all very keen to discuss your ideas and help you get involved.
DebConf
For all students, attending free software events is a great opportunity to meet the community. Of particular relevance for those in Europe, attending DebConf13 in Switzerland is a great way to meet GSoC mentors and other developers. Switzerland's central location is extremely convenient for anybody in Western Europe and it is also Debian's 20th birthday, so it is anticipated DebConf could be more special than usual this year. Please put it in your calendar and subscribe to the debconf-discuss mailing list so you will know when registration opens and other practical details are announced.
You're nine years old and showing off your new iPad on the school playground, and the class bully snatches it out of your hands. Now, there are two things you can do. 1) Deal with it. Snatch it back. This is what normal kids do. 2) Scream and cry. This is what the 1.3 billion-strong country of China does everytime it's poked in the eye, like the recent Hague Tribunal ruling against its claims in the South China Sea. Snatched it right out of its hands and we hear the whole nation stamping its feet and squealing: “Waaaahh! Go away, Opium War bullies! Waaaahh!” Hurting China's feelings has become established as a pastime, a sport. When China lost its bid to host the 2000 Olympics to Sydney it went, “Waaaahh!” The Olympic torch is snatched out of the hands of disabled bearer Jin Jing in the run-up to the Beijing 2008 Olympics. “Waaaahh!” The swimmer Sun Yang is poked fun at in the Rio 2016 Olympics for his doping history, and the whole country goes “Waaaahh!” The Rio organizers get the stars misaligned on the Chinese flag. “Waaaahh!”
Now the sport has taken the form of a novel. Lots of people aren't going to like Arthur Meursault's Party Members: Chinese customs officials who find reasons on every page to blacklist the book; patriots who don't tolerate anything that puts their country in a bad light; cynics who freely disparage their own country but can't stomach a single criticism by a foreigner; the humorless; sinophiles grateful for the privilege of being allowed into China; the Pollyannas who run the expat magazines assuming the burden of preventing China at all costs from losing face.
Meursault has done what everyone up till now has carefully avoided doing. He has gathered up all the worst aspects of Chinese society (a long list) and out of the trash heap assembled an inexorable plot and absorbing narrative. Some may ask why anyone would go through the trouble of needlessly hurting the Chinese people's feelings. The answer is simple. When everyone tacitly agrees not to write a certain book, this is precisely the book that needs to be written. Somebody would have written this book sooner or later. Meursault got his foot in the door first. I have to say he's done a pretty good job at it too, but we're not talking gentle satire here. After a relatively benign comic start, things quickly descend into the most uncomfortable, brutal reading experience even for the jaded. And that's the whole point. China isn't an easy place for a lot of people, including the Chinese themselves.
The art of satire exaggerates some aspect of reality to bring out a social truth. The more politically repressive a regime and the less freedom of speech, the more satire must distance itself from the recognizable present and veil itself in allegory. From 1949 until the 1980s Chinese authors could not publish satire in any form, unless as deadpan socialist realism (already unwittingly satirical), in such 1950s communist novels as Qu Bo's Tracks in the Snowy Forest (林海雪原), novels which themselves were subsequently banned during the Cultural Revolution. But things have always been on shaky ground in the more relaxed decades since, and even the absurdist dystopia of Wang Shuo's Please Don't Call Me Human (1989), for example (one of China's best-known contemporary satirists), got itself banned.
As a foreigner writing in English and publishing outside the Chinese Mainland, Meursault is under no such constraints. Making his job even easier, Chinese society requires no exaggeration or hyperbole to play up the humor; the prosaic reality itself offers ample material for the satirist. He has also racked up many years of experience living and working in China and knows his subject matter (as a resident myself of the country for almost two decades, I can verify the accuracy of his portrayal). The setting of Party Members is the fictional city of Huaishi, but it could be any of thousands of indistinguishable Chinese cities:
...a grey mess of squalid narrow roadways and imposing broad expressways crammed with traffic at all hours. Tower after tower of morbid office blocks and apartment compounds repeated endlessly to the city's outskirts. If there was little history, there was even less greenery. A few dead trees lined the roads. Billboards of photographed flowers were nailed to fences in an attempt to brighten up the surroundings, but the effect was diminished by the huge propaganda slogans…proclaiming that Huaishi was “THE PARIS OF ASIA”…lying in the middle of the city like a congealed fishhead in a bowl of grey noodles, was People's Square.
We are not meant to like the hero of the story, Yang Wei (whose name, 阳痿, means “impotent”), a lowly faceless bureaucrat in a menial job with the city government. Certain things are so ugly they're almost beautiful, and that's where the humor lies. The Chinese do things in their daily life that the rest of the world doesn't. All the author has to do is describe them. The rudeness of strangers, the fake friendliness of those who want something out of you, the toadying and money-grubbing, the class contempt for rural migrants, the obsession with iPhones and luxury handbags and black Audis (Yang Wei masturbates inside one in a showroom before buying it) to the exclusion of anything else in life, the squalor and the spit, are all wrought into a sharply focused technicolor mosaic, systematically unfolded. Visitors to China who have witnessed the disaster zone known as a public toilet are in for a delight, as they follow a drunken Yang Wei into a restaurant's men's room and watch his contribution to this peculiarly Chinese form of performance art. The scene is worth the price of the book alone, but since I want the author to reap some earnings from his effort I won't divulge any details.
Soon the rollicking comedy takes a darker and more disturbing turn. Yang Wei's member begins talking to him and starts instructing him on how to really be a dick — the only way to get ahead in China. Over the course of the rest of the narrative he undergoes a part Dorian Gray, part Kafka's Metamorphosis-style transformation — the book's depraved but brilliant conceit — which again I don't wish to divulge here and spoil for the reader. But along the way you can expect many horrendous scenes, such as a repulsive and quite explicit three-way sex or rape scene (we can't help averting our gaze) involving our hero, a prostitute, and a bucket of KFC. Yes, the chicken meat is engaged with sexually. Meursault has a great deal of fun with the notorious irony that the comfort food of choice for a great many Chinese, for all their disparagement of Western food, is none other than KFC.
On a more mundane level, the reader will notice throughout the novel an utter lack of kindness and friendliness shown by the characters toward one another. This is another unfortunate truth those who have experienced even just a brief sojourn in the country will appreciate. Of course, there are nice people in China; I wouldn't have survived here so many years myself if it wasn't for the real friendships I have made among locals. The social truth which is being underscored, however, is well known and derives from a nasty combination of two traditions: first, the time-worn tendency among the Chinese to look out only for their own family and regard strangers with apathy and suspicion. Second, the general hostility of the Communist Party toward anyone not among their own (and toward their own as well), a bilious mind-set which infects everything and everyone and trickles down to individual behavior in ways people are scarcely aware who don't know anything else. At the same time, it must be admitted positive strides have been made over the past 10-15 years as more and more Chinese travel aboard and encounter simple, spontaneous friendly interactions and customer service for the first time, but there is still a long way to go (oddly, non-Communist Hong Kong often displays the same rudeness, but not Taiwan or Singapore).
Many predictably will protest that Meursault's is a grossly one-sided affair. One could turn things around and concoct an equally convincing positive account of China, full of uplifting scenes and touching, memorable characters. Even novelists depicting China's political repression seek to counter the struggle or tragedy with sympathetic protagonists engaged in heroic actions and stoic determination against the forces of evil or disaster. This is to miss the point. The problem is, this is exactly what almost every novelist on China, Chinese and foreign, already does.
Meursault counts Bret Easton Ellis and Chuck Palahniuk among his literary influences. We wouldn't want to condemn those two important and popular novelists merely because they explore the dark side of contemporary American society. When China learns to take it on the chin and lose face again and again and again; in other words, when China mellows out, as it must at some point in the future if it doesn't want to explode, it will be able to take critiques of its society in stride and laugh them off like water off a duck's back.
I salute this debut novel by Arthur Meursault which is guaranteed to earn him more enemies, Chinese and foreign, than friends. But to me there is no more admirable way of knowing who your true friends are than by declaring forthrightly where you stand.
Party Members is available on Amazon:
Arthur Meursault's website: I am Meursault
*. * . *
Related:
Book review: The Exact Unknown by Isham Cook
The literature of paralysis: The China PC scene and the expat mag crowd
The ventriloquist's dilemma: Asexual Anglo travelogues of China
RENTON, Wash. -- Seattle Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll was asked Monday for his thoughts on how Christine Michael ran the football against the Los Angeles Rams.
"Really well. He hit it really well," Carroll said. "He looks like he shot out of a cannon. He's really quick. He's just getting going. I think he's really going to get better and more efficient. He had the unfortunate turnover, but other than that he really hit it really well. He must be averaging 5 yards a carry or something. First two games, that's pretty good."
Christine Michael is averaging 2.32 yards after contact, the fourth-best mark in the NFL. Jonathan Ferrey/Getty Images
The Seahawks' comeback attempt stalled when Michael fumbled after a reception on the final drive. But he carried 10 times for 60 yards in the game.
And looking at the bigger picture, the way he's run the ball has been encouraging. Michael has been the team's most productive back. He's averaging 5.0 yards per rush on 25 attempts. The rest of the team's backs have combined for 23 yards on 22 carries (1.05 YPC).
Carroll has made it clear that he believes the inconsistencies in the run game are a major reason why the Seahawks' offense has totaled just 15 points through the first two games.
"We're not getting the same balance that we felt. With mixing the run game and the pass game, we can play off the running game," Carroll said. "It just hasn't been as obvious right off the bat. That's an issue."
As a team, the Seahawks are averaging 3.2 yards per carry (25th). Last year, that number was 4.54 (seventh).
The run blocking needs to improve, but Michael is averaging 2.72 yards before contact, 10th-best in the league. He's averaging 2.32 yards after contact, which ranks fourth.
Granted, it's a small sample size, but Thomas Rawls is averaging 0.21 yards before contact, which ranks last among 45 qualifying players. He's 34th in yards after contact (1.11).
Michael started the first game, and then it was Rawls in Week 2. But Rawls suffered a leg contusion, meaning Michael could get another shot this weekend against the San Francisco 49ers.
Once everyone is healthy, Carroll still envisions both backs complementing each other.
"We need to get [Rawls] out there, stay out there, get a feel for the game and start to feel the effect that he brings," Carroll said. "I think that's part of what we kind of anticipated, seeing his input and complement Christine, who is doing a nice job. I think it's going to be a nice one-two punch, we just have to get him back out there."
A Complete History of the Toyota Supra
A definitive history of the Toyota Supra, written by award-winning automotive historian Aaron Severson, with a forward by Tom Blackman of Olathe Toyota Parts Center. The book documents the development of each generation of the US-spec Supra, and includes original photos and technical specs. More
Written by award-winning automotive historian Aaron Severson, with a forward written by Tom Blackman, A Complete History of the Toyota Supra is the definitive history of the iconic Toyota Supra sports coupe. From it's humble beginnings as a North American version of the Toyota Celica XX, to it's supercar status in the late 1990's, every detail of the Supra's development is painstakingly documented. Author Aaron Severson consulted dozens of original sources - including many written in Japanese - to compile an historical reference. Tom Blackman, the director of Olathe Toyota Parts Center (the book's sponsor), launches the book by talking about the likelihood a future version of the Toyota Supra that many hopes will debut shortly after the book's release.
EXCLUSIVE: The girl with no vagina: Teenager can't have sex or babies due to rare condition that left her without reproductive organs (and she didn't find out until she was 17)
Jacqui Beck was diagnosed after telling her GP she had not started periods
Tests revealed she had MRKH, a condition affecting one in 5,000 women
While she has ovaries, she has n o w omb, cervix or vaginal opening
Where her vagina should be, there is an indent, making it appear normal
Sufferers appear completely normal externally - which means it is often not discovered until a woman tries to have sex, or has not had her period
She is now undergoing treatment to enable her to have sex in the future
Says she has now come to terms with her condition and wants to speak about it to raise awareness
A teenager has spoken of her 'total shock' at being told at the age of 17 she had no vagina.
Jacqui Beck, 19, has MRKH, an rare syndrome which affects the reproductive system - meaning she has no womb, cervix or vaginal opening.
She was only diagnosed after she went to her GP about back pain - and mentioned in passing that she hadn't started her periods.
Shock: Jacqui Beck was told at the age of 17 she had no vagina. She was diagnosed with MRKH, an unusual syndrome which affects the reproductive system - meaning she has no womb, cervix or vaginal opening
Tests revealed her condition and that where her vagina should be, there is simply an ident, or 'dimple' - meaning she is unable to have sex or carry her own child.
Women with the condition appear completely normal externally - which means it is usually not discovered until a woman tries to have sex, or has not had her first period.
Miss Beck, from the Isle of Wight, admits when she was first diagnosed, she felt 'like a freak'.
'I'd never considered myself different from other women and the news was so shocking, I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
‘I was sure the doctor had got it wrong, but when she explained that was why I wasn't having periods, it all started to make sense.
‘She then explained that I would never be able to carry a child and might have to have surgery before I could have sex.
‘I left the doctors in tears - I would never know what it was like to give birth, be pregnant, have a period. All the things I had imagined doing suddenly got erased from my future.
'I was really angry and felt like I wasn't a real woman any more.'
Unaware: Miss Beck explained she has a 'dimple' where her vagina should be so from the outside it looks normal - hence why the condition wasn't detected in her younger years
Unexpected: Miss Beck was only diagnosed after she went to her GP about back pain - and mentioned in passing that she hadn't started her periods. Tests revealed her condition, which means she is unable to have sex or carry her own child
Because she had never attempted to have a physical relationship, Miss Beck had never noticed the problem herself. Had she tried, she would have discovered it was impossible for her to have sex.
WHAT IS MRKH SYNDROME?
MRKH (Mayer Rokitansky Küster Hauser) is a congenital abnormality which affects one in 5,000 women in the UK. It is characterised by the absence of the vagina, womb and cervix. Women suffering from the condition will have normally functioning ovaries and so will experience the normal signs of puberty but will not have periods or be able to conceive. The external genatalia are completely normal which is why MRKH isn't usually discovered until women are in their teenage years. It's usually discovered when the woman tries to have sex or fails to get her period. Many women are able to create a vaginal canal using dilation treatment, which uses cylinder shaped dilators of different sizes to stretch the muscles. However, if this is unsuccessful then surgery will be used to stretch the vaginal canal.
Following treatment women are able to have intercourse and can have their eggs removed and fertilised to be used in surrogacy.
She said: 'I t wasn't really a conscious decision not to have a boyfriend, I just didn't really fancy any of the boys in my area, which is lucky, considering what I know now'.
MRKH affects one in 5,000 women in the UK. Most discover they have the condition because they haven't started their periods, but some find out when they struggle to have intercourse.
Miss Beck explained she has a 'dimple' where her vagina should be so from the outside it looks normal - which explains why the condition wasn't detected earlier.
Despite the shocking news, she is trying to see her condition in a positive light - and even as a way of making sure she meets the right man.
She said: 'If he has a problem with it, then he's not the kind of guy I want to go out with.
'I 'm a hopeless romantic and I see it as a great test of someone's character. Instead of focusing on it putting off men, I actually think it will help me find, “the one”.
'I want to be upfront with any men I meet and tell them straight away about my condition. I don't want them to feel tricked into being with me.
‘I will feel more comfortable if they know the truth and besides, if they run at the mention of MRKH then I don't want to be intimate with them.'
She says that as a teenager, she was blissfully unaware of her condition - with no idea that the development she was waiting for would never happen.
'When I was 14, my friends started talking to me about their periods. They started carrying tampons around, complaining about cramps and sharing notes on what it was like.
‘For a year I waited to go through the same, until at 15, everyone I knew had started their period apart from me.
Despite the shocking news, she is trying to see her condition in a positive light - and even as a way of making sure she meets the right man. She said: 'If he has a problem with it, then he's not the kind of guy I want to see'
‘I didn't panic though, I'm tall and skinny and thought that might be something to do with me being a late developer.'
Instead, she focused on her future and when she was 17, applied to attend a music college in Guildford.
But after suffering from pain in her neck in summer 2012, she went to see her GP.
'While I was there, I mentioned I hadn't started my period yet. I still wasn't overly worried but I thought it was worth saying something
‘My doctor was very surprised but didn't seem to think it was serious. He just suggested that he would do some scans to see what the problem was.'
Hindsight: Miss Beck says that as a teenager, she was blissfully unaware of her condition - with no idea that the development she was waiting for would never happen
Women with MRKH appear completely normal externally - which means it is often not discovered in childhood, but in the teenage years
When scans showed nothing, she was referred to a gynaecologist, who immediately spotted something was wrong.
Miss Beck said: ‘My other scan results had been sent to her and just from looking at them, she knew I had MRKH.
‘She sat me down and basically explained that I didn't have a womb, or a vagina, that I was born without them and instead just had a small dimple in it's place.'
So mortified by what she had heard, she was too embarrassed to admit to family and friends she had the condition - let alone the prospect of telling any future boyfriends.
She said: ‘I was too embarrassed to call my mum and talk it through with her, so instead, I sent her an email.
YouTube Jacqui Beck
Help: Miss Beck is now undergoing treatment to help her try and have intercourse in the future
'She called straight back and came over to Guildford the next day from the Isle of Wight.
‘Although mum was upset for me, she tried to focus on finding out as much about the condition as possible, so we could understand it.
‘She also encouraged me to focus on the bright side. We laughed as we listed all the things I wouldn't have to go through, period cramps, childbirth, smear tests - to try and look on the bright side.'
Focusing on her treatment, Miss Beck was admitted to the Queen Charlotte and Chelsea Hospital in London, which specialises in the condition.
There, she was given dilation treatment, which involved using different sized dilators to try and stretch her vaginal canal - but was told if it didn't work, she would have to be operated on.
Honest: Miss Beck says she now wants to speak out about her condition to raise awareness of it
She said: ‘I spent two days there, getting taught how to use the dilator and learning more about MRKH.
‘The first time the nurse showed me how to use a dilator I nearly died of embarrassment. But now I've got used to it, I see it as any other form of treatment.
‘At the hospital, they referred me to a network of other women who have the same condition. It was great to speak to other girls who felt like me.
‘I stopped feeling so lonely and it also gave me hope as I spoke to women who had gone on to have a full sex life.'
Thankfully, her treatment has worked and if she continues she will not need surgery and when she chooses to, will be able to have intercourse.
Further down the line there are more difficult conversations she will have to have when she wants to have children.
She said: ‘I'm not at an age when I'm thinking about kids, but I think that will hit me later on. I will use a surrogate, or adopt, but I will have to make sure any guy I meet is ok with that too.
‘Again, I try and take it as a blessing that, unlike woman who discover they can't conceive when they are already trying for a baby, I have time to get used to the idea.'
For Miss Beck, her one hope is that the condition becomes more well known, so that other women realise they have it earlier than she did.
‘I had only told five of my best friends, but then I realised it's not something I should be ashamed of.
‘If I had cancer, or, any other medical issue, people would be supportive. So, I recently came out to everyone on Facebook, telling them about my condition.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray has signed an Executive Order banning official City of Seattle travel by employees to Mississippi in response to that state's passage of a bill to revoke protections for LGBTQ people.
“Seattle will continue to speak out against injustice and stand with those who are fighting for equality,” said Mayor Murray. “This debate is settled in America and yet we continue to see states roll back civil rights protections for LGBTQ people. We must not allow discrimination to divide our nation. We strengthen our union when all people are treated equitably.”
The new Mississippi law allows employers to fire a person because of his or her sexual orientation, allows businesses and organizations to refuse to serve LGBTQ people, and other discriminatory practices, Murray's office said in a press release.
Murray has said he will continue to ban non-essential official travel by City employees to any state that passes laws to eliminate civil rights protections for the LGBTQ community. On March 28, Murray signed an Executive Order banning official City travel to North Carolina.
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee joined Murray in banning official travel to Mississippi.
Inslee on Tuesday barred anything but essential travel to Mississippi on the public's dime.
He says the new law authorizes discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals including Washington residents who travel there. Inslee says it's the law of Washington state and the policy of his administration to demand equality for all persons.
Copyright 2016 KING
On Jan. 20, this website published a story titled, "If This Is Your Password, Change It Immediately." The article included a list of the 25 personal passwords — "password" and "abc123" among them — most commonly found in databases of personal account information routinely leaked by hackers. The material came from SplashData, an internet security firm that seeks out vulnerable targets and reports on them to an often endangered public. The list of passwords appeared in various forms on outlets including CBS News, NPR and the BBC, to name a few.
Later that night, President Barack Obama in his State of the Union address made the case for a new proposal to rewrite and tighten federal cybersecurity laws, so that no "foreign nation" or "hacker" would have the ability to "shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets or invade the privacy of American families. Especially our kids."
Inaction, he said, would leave the country "vulnerable" to attacks like the one launched against Sony Pictures Entertainment. Only by adopting this new language, Obama said, could Congress "continue to protect the technologies that have unleashed untold opportunities for people around the globe."
But the broad laws he proposed would not simply target shadowy foreign hackers. American bloggers and media companies would also be subject to felony cybercrime charges for disseminating hacked material. The statute would apply to normal Internet users too: If you, dear reader, saw the "bad passwords" article and passed it along to a friend over email, or posted the link to Reddit, or retweeted the article, or shared it on Facebook, then you too could face federal prosecution for "willfully" trafficking "in any password or similar information."
Does that sound insane? Surely it does. Is it a real possibility? With Republicans and Democrats both backing the bill, it surely is.
Why this, why now? Though Obama's public pitch might be appealing, a closer look at the details underlying his proposal reveals something more complicated and potentially menacing to millions of ordinary Americans: a vast expansion of prosecutorial power that could stifle online speech and, in a jarring miscalculation, criminalize some of the most effective known tools for assessing security networks.
"This is a solution looking for a problem," Nate Cardozo, a lawyer on Electronic Frontier Foundation's digital civil liberties team, told Mic. "A large part of this is the need to be seen to do something. A lot of these proposals were first put forward in 2011. They failed then. And they've been put forward a number of times since then." Only to flop again. The Sony hack and ensuing sense of national crisis, stoked by Obama and other administration officials, provided a new opening.
But the product remains deeply, dangerously flawed.
"Cybersecurity is something everyone wants and it sounds nice, but the malicious kind of hacking that typically steals headlines, passwords and financial information mainly emanates from abroad — and cannot be stopped by domestic legislation," attorney and legal theorist Colin Kalmbacher, who is presently an LL.M. candidate at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York, told Mic in an email.
"If you're one of those people who care even a little bit about liberty and individual rights against the backdrop of a frequently abuse-laden government," Kalmbacher said, the law "should not be made any more vague than it already is."
The American Civil Liberties Union agrees.
"The high-profile hacks we're hearing about tend to be cases where the companies need to more careful in defending their own systems," ACLU lawyer Gabe Rottman told USA Today. "An information-sharing bill would not have stopped any of those hacks."
Fixing what isn't broken: Despite the handful of successful, high-profile recent hack attacks, the Internet is still a pretty safe place for the hundreds of millions of people who store sensitive information, from credit card numbers to Social Security numbers in reinforced online databases.
Maintaining that security, however, is a constantly evolving challenge. Given the relative impotence of Congress in passing relevant laws, the Internet has mostly come to protect and police itself.
Take Google's "Project Zero."
The premise is simple. Google security engineers seek out and find security bugs in other company's products. At that point, they pass along their findings privately and start the clock, giving the vendor 90 days to fix the bug or have it exposed publicly on Google's website. If a company takes even a day longer, Google publishes its findings — a warning to users that a website or software package could potentially endanger their private information.
The project is a win-win for Internet users and the companies targeted by Google's altruistic hackers. The latter get to fix their security flaws in a timely, quiet way, while consumers can go forward with greater confidence knowing those issues are under constant scrutiny.
But if the administration's proposals pass, Google's actions could subject them to civil suits or criminal prosecution. As Tom's Guide's Paul Wagenseil wrote recently, Obama's "revision might make such disclosures illegal, because Google researchers would know or have "reason to know that a protected computer could be accessed or damaged without authorization" by individuals using their findings.
When Google recently exposed a series of security bugs in Microsoft's Windows software after the company refused to deliver a security patch until the 92nd day, Microsoft responded with an angry blog post challenging Google's ethics and motives.
"But under the new proposal," Cardozo said, "they could do worse than write a nasty blog post — they could potentially sue Google. Now, Microsoft would probably think twice about suing Google, because Google can afford the best lawyers on the planet. But Microsoft might not think twice about suing a little guy, a solo researcher."
And with that, contrary to the administration's stated intentions and the public's obvious desire, the Internet very quickly becomes a less secure place.
Everyone is a criminal: With cybersecurity threatened, it follows a certain twisted logic that we'll need more criminals to blame. So under the new proposals, the penalties for something as mundane as sharing a Netflix password would become gravely serious.
"Sharing your password with one person, under the current law, is arguably a misdemeanor," Cardozo said. "Now, federal prosecutors almost never bring misdemeanor charges. It just doesn't happen. But under the new proposal, it's a 10-year felony for a first time offense. And that is much more appealing to a prosecutor."
Under current law, the Department of Justice isn't likely to track you down and drag you into a federal court for sharing a Netflix or HBO Go password. But as Cardozo said, "the fact that they can make us worried. If you piss off the wrong prosecutor for a competed unrelated reason, they can quite easily find a felony to prosecute you for."
If that reads like a conspiracy theory or far-flung assumption, it's not. The federal government — in particular its ambitious, conviction-hungry prosecutors — has shown a willingness to use every tool afforded by the statute, with little or no regard for the intent of its authors to reach a set of predetermined goals.
Two cases, one involving a young programmer and another centering on a controversial independent journalist, show the danger created by overzealous prosecutors equipped in murky or overbroad laws.
The long shadow of the law: The prosecution of Aaron Swartz, the Web wunderkind who created the technology behind the RSS feed, is the most disturbing and instructive example.
Swartz was a pioneer and champion of the open Internet, who in 2011 was charged with wire and computer fraud after downloading 4.8 million documents from JSTOR, an MIT-based subscription database of academic writing.
After coming to an out-of-court agreement with Swartz — he gave the files back — JSTOR said it had no interest in pursuing legal action. But the Department of Justice was not satisfied. By 2013, after nearly two years of hearings and negotiations, Swartz still faced 35 years in prison. Before the case could go to trial, the 26-year-old killed himself.
If Obama's proposals are passed by Congress, not only would someone like Swartz face tougher charges, but a reporter or blogger who links to the kind of database he was trying to create could be threatened with jail time too. Or, in the case of investigative journalist Barrett Brown, be hounded by law enforcement and eventually sentenced by a U.S. judge to more than five years in a federal prison.
"Barrett Brown's case will likely prove instructive for what's to come whether the new measures make it into law or not," Kalmbacher wrote in his email. "Brown was prosecuted for, amongst other things, posting a link in a chatroom to information that was stolen from a private company. Let that sink in. This government prosecuted a journalist for doing his job under the present form of the [cybersecurity law]."
The story is a bit more convoluted than that, but it goes like this: After a long court battle, Brown pleaded guilty to being an accessory to hacking, interfering with the execution of a search warrant and transmitting threats. Most of his 63-month sentence is tied to the "threats" charge, which was brought after Brown posted a weird but innocuous YouTube video threatening to "ruin" the FBI agent pursuing his case.
Brown was initially targeted by prosecutors for sharing a publicly available link with information obtained by a hacker who stole information from a personal security firm called Stratfor. Brown posted the link, which included personal passwords, but did not partake in nor play any role in organizing or inciting the hack itself.
Those initial charges — aggravated identity theft and trafficking in stolen data — didn't figure in the final plea agreement. Having already served 30 months, Brown is expected to be released in the next two years.
Broaden the law, widen the net: If Brown committed a crime, it was at the very least partially provoked by the FBI, which his supporters say had been following him for years. With a broad new statute like the one the Obama administration is pursuing, law enforcement would be gifted an even wider net to pursue individuals, like Brown, with reputations for being closely associated with "hacktivists" like Anonymous.
As it is currently written, the law requires that prosecutors prove an "intent to defraud" to establish guilt. In Obama's restructuring, that language is dropped in favor of "willfully," a more ambiguous definition that, as Cardozo explains, removes "the financial gain requirement" from the law. If you're unclear on what that means, then you are perfectly clear on the problem. "Willfully" can be just about whatever a prosecutor wants it to be.
"Under the new proposal, 'willfullness' is defined in the statute to mean having a 'wrongful intent,' Cardozo continues, underlining the absurdity, "but 'wrongful' is not defined in the statute. Me tweeting an article about a list of passwords, knowing that people are going to use those passwords to break into innocent people's computers is certainly arguably wrongful."
At the very least, this scenario will create confusion among law-abiding citizens and social media butterflies. It will also cast a shadow on journalists and investigators whose line of work requires they occasionally contact unsavory characters online.
A worthy fight: But the social stakes are even higher. By choking off the exchange of information online with the threat of legal action, the government will effectively slap an arbitrary and expensive price tag on the Web's most precious commodity.
The language of the proposal also has implications for millions of Americans who might either unwittingly or tangentially have some association with cybercriminals. The knock-on effects could do permanent damage to the Internet, stigmatizing any online activity apart from heavily regulated consumer activity.
It simply doesn't follow. Why would a president who speaks so frequently about trying to create new opportunity for the dispossessed push for a law that experts agree will slow the democratization of information — and thus, economic and social power — for decades?
Share if you dare: For Kalmbacher, the proposals betray the administration's "fundamental lack of understanding about digital life, computers and cyberspace."
That they would put another "useful tool in the quiver of ambitious, resume-padding prosecutors," he wrote, only makes the legislation more popular with law enforcement officials and their political allies. The desire to hang a 10-year felony prison sentence over the head of a college kid who's shared her Netflix password might be rare, but it's still a "tool."
If you find that prospect unnerving, it's time to stand up and speak out. The Obama administration has rare bipartisan support for its proposals and, barring any kind of significant grassroots opposition, there is little incentive for Congress not to continue following his lead. So tell a friend and share this story — if that's a risk you're willing to take.
Correction: Jan. 29, 2015
An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Aaron Swartz had "downloaded and published" articles from JSTOR. He downloaded but did not publish.
Download the MP3 audio version of this story here . The Explainer now has its own free daily podcast; click here to learn more.
You want a piece of me?
Last week, William Shatner sold his kidney stone to the Web site GoldenPalace.com for $25,000. Shatner, who donated the proceeds to charity, convinced his doctors to give him the stone, which was taken out last autumn. Do all patients have the opportunity to keep their excised body parts?
Generally, yes. Many hospitals are willing to return everything from tonsils to kneecaps. After a pathologist examines the removed parts and takes whatever samples are necessary for hospital records, the patients can often walk away with the rest.
Objects that don't need further scrutiny are the most likely to be given back. Hospitals do often keep kidney stones for analysis, as their composition can give clues about underlying medical conditions. (Stones caused by a buildup of urate, for example, are associated with gout.) A pathologist would be less likely to hang on to gallstones. For one thing, they're easily visually inspected. And since the entire gallbladder is frequently removed along with the stone, it's often unnecessary to analyze the gallstone to prevent recurrence.
There are few laws governing medical keepsakes. The California Supreme Court has ruled that living people do not have a right to sue for the return of cell lines removed from them during surgery. It's unclear what effect this decision has had, though. Many hospitals in California still return tissues, and doctors in other states sometimes refuse requests, even if they don't have the backing of state law. Some hospitals forbid giving patients their removed pieces, but the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations has no overarching regulations in this area.
Just because there aren't many laws against taking home body parts doesn't mean it's an easy thing to do. Most hospitals make patients sign a waiver that cedes ownership of their surgical leavings to the pathology lab. And many teaching hospitals are unwilling to give up potential research samples. To have a good shot at keeping the stuff that's removed, let your doctor know before the procedure. You also usually have to sign a liability release form on the way out.
Advances in laparoscopic and microscopic procedures mean that many body parts that were once removed whole are now taken out in small pieces. Doctors now use shock waves to break up many stones that might have been surgically removed in the past.Even if the desired piece comes out whole, a pathologist sometimes destroys it while taking samples. He can also decide that it represents a biohazard, though most communicable diseases can be killed with formaldehyde. (Some notable exceptions include hepatitis and prion diseases.)
There can be cultural reasons to bring home your bits and pieces. In some societies, new mothers request that placentas be returned so that they can be buried or, in rare cases, eaten. Some Orthodox Jews believe they need to be buried with all of their parts, including those that have been removed or amputated.
Explainer thanks Dr. Michael Klein of the University of Alabama at Birmingham, Dr. Hal Pinar of Brown University, Prof. Mark Kristal of the University at Buffalo, and Rabbi Joshua Strulowitz of Adath Israel.
When The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror started welcoming guests at Disney's Hollywood Studios back in July 1994, dark and stormy nights became the norm around the Hollywood Tower Hotel. And all these years later, guests still get a scream out of their daily visits. Here's a look at the lobby under construction in May 1994.
While four Disney Parks (Disney's Hollywood Studios, Disney California Adventure park, Walt Disney Studios Park, and Tokyo DisneySea) have their own versions of The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, the attraction at Disney's Hollywood Studios is the original. This striking landmark at Walt Disney World Resort was constructed with 1,500 tons of steel, 145,800 cubic feet of concrete, and 27,000 roof tiles, and it stands 199 feet tall.
Still to this day inside The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, guests can't wait to enter an episode that is somewhat unique and calls for a different kind of introduction.
The Twilight Zone® is a registered trademark of CBS, Inc. and is used with permission pursuant to a license from CBS, Inc. ©Disney/CBS, Inc.
Check out these other posts about the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror:
It is not so odd to think about video games as a form of art. Through the different genres, the consumers as well the avid players, can see the different process where gaming is more than a repetitive process as there are a combination between beautiful graphics and a compelling story line.
The evolution of the gaming industry has been quite slow; not many people realize that video games (at least when it first got sketched and patented was on 1947) appeared with the idea as a missile game created by of the gaming industry has been quite slow; not many people realize that video games (at least when it first got sketched and patented was on 1947) appeared with the idea as a missile game created by Thomas Toliver Goldsmith Jr. a physicist professor of Furman University; albeit the idea was never placed on a commercial environment. To think that the idea has been for more that half of a century is quite remarkable; but in terms of contemporary history, the first modern game came in the hands of Bill Pitts and Hugh Tucks who developed the first coin operated game at the Stanford University laboratories in 1971, the game was known as Galaxy Game and that is how the revolution of the Arcade came into the market.
Pong
Pong, became eventually the catalyst that placed the first generation of home consoles into the popular mainstream, and the list eventually grew placing other titles such as Pac-Man, Missile Command, Galaxian, Frogger among others.
As years passed, then it came to the point of finding validation, but why to seek approval from a higher source of information,? specially from a community that had created their own niches over the decades of production.
The answer could be in a bittersweet position, due political and social issues. As many forms of art, it does require the approval of communities to gain some validity; it is shallow to express it but it is one truth, as to gain consensus, the work needs the opinion of the masses.
The problem relies on as any form of art, between vulgarity and what art could be itself. There is a debacle of video games, indeed as a form of art, because the problematics goes on a social scale as well towards medical issues. It can be a long debate itself, but appreciating the beauty of some games such as Braid and FEZ as other indie games, gives a different perspective to the players as well general consumers; that games can show beauty on a aesthetic level, and even keep entertain without resourcing to extreme violence or just plain commercialism.
Braid is one good example on how the impressionism works perfectly in the environment, it gives to the game itself a colorful palette that is almost distinctiveness to the game. But, the beauty, the art of the game itself, is not necessarily applied to the graphics as so is with Braid or any other game.
The art lays on the storytelling, much as it was a movie, and as the seventh art, games do deserve a level of recognition for the compelling story telling, as well they show the form of expression of the developers.
Yet, the community seems to try to find a central mainstream figure in order to get approval; there is really no need to find approval from anyone that doesn't come from the community itself, but yet it's relevant to try to find support from the mainstream in order to get the approval from the masses to find that form of artistic expression that at the end is just an affirmation.
Then we have another perspective, and goes from the fandom of the video games, where in an artistic perspective they took also video games into a new level, as it never done before, towards the use of pop culture. It is silly to think, how it can pop culture with an emphasis on video games can be turned into something beautiful as well beyond the mundane. Reaffirming that video games are art. The answer is indeed simple, is just a simple form of expression where the fans express what they enjoy the most as well giving a different perspective to the products of the video games.
A young terrorist who travelled to Syria to fight for Islamic State wants to return to the UK and face justice, it has been reported.
Shabazz Suleman, 21, disappeared on a family holiday in Turkey three years ago and was in Raqqa, the de facto capital of the terror state, until its recent capture.
The former grammar school pupil from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, told The Times he has become disillusioned with jihadism and chose to desert the terrorist group.
Via encrypted messages he claimed he went through “intense” indoctrination by the group, adding: “I never thought I was being brainwashed until I saw the way they treat other Sunnis.”
The terrorist, who is now thought to be in the hands of a Turkish militia, reportedly admits undergoing weapons training and carrying out guard duties, but denies taking part in killings.
His father, Afzal Suleman, 46, claimed that he knew “for a fact” that his son had become a civilian and had not been on the battlefield for two years.
“At the end of the day if he has committed a crime he should go to court. We just want him home,” he said.
Around half of the estimated 850 Britons believed to have gone to join the extremists are already thought to be back in the UK.
Last week, Max Hill, QC, the government's watchdog on terrorism laws, said that teenagers who had “travelled [to join Isis] out of a sense of naivety, possibly with some brainwashing along the way” might not be prosecuted.
He claimed authorities “should be looking towards reintegration and moving away from any notion that we're going to lose a generation thanks to this travel”.
Meanwhile, government minister Rory Stewart said the only way to deal with British Islamic State fighters in Syria is to kill them “in almost every case”.
“These are people who have essentially moved away from any kind of allegiance towards the British government,” he told BBC radio.
“They are absolutely dedicated, as members of the Islamic State, towards the creation of a caliphate, they believe in an extremely hateful doctrine which involves killing themselves, killing others and trying to use violence and brutality to create an eighth century, or seventh century, state.
“So I'm afraid we have to be serious about the fact these people are a serious danger to us, and unfortunately the only way of dealing with them will be, in almost every case, to kill them.”
Republicans are planning on turning back the clock on gay rights once President-elect Donald Trump takes office.
The so-called First Amendment Defense Act, or FADA, "prohibits the federal government from taking discriminatory action against a person on the basis that such person believes or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that: (1) marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman, or (2) sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage."
Advertisement:
In other words, you can discriminate, but you have to say that you're discriminating because your religion wants you to.
Because of the bill's language, it would not only permit discrimination against homosexual couples, but also unwed heterosexual couples and single mothers, so long as the business owners can claim that their religious beliefs are being violated. Because the phrase "moral conviction" appears in the legislation, one wouldn't even need to connect their discriminatory acts to a specific religious creed or doctrine. All one would have to do is cite a moral conviction that sexual activity outside of heterosexual marriage is offensive.
Nor is the bill limited to business owners. FADA's logic could also be used to justify pharmacies refusing to fill birth control prescriptions, businesses not offering health benefits to a same-sex marital partner, adoption agencies discriminating against gay families, and even hospitals turning away LGBT people or their children.
"There cannot be even one iota of doubt that this bill endorses one set of religious beliefs above others, and targets people in same-sex relationships, married or not, as well as unmarried heterosexual couples who live together," said Jennifer Pizer, Law and Policy Director at Lambda Legal, in an interview with NBC Out on Wednesday. "It's an unconstitutional effort to turn the clock back to a time when unmarried mothers had to hide in shame, and LGBT people had to hide, period."
Both Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence support FADA, as do a number of Trump's other cabinet appointments, from budget director Mick Mulvaney to secretary of housing and urban development Ben Carson.
"Hopefully November's results will give us the momentum we need to get this done next year," said Conn Carroll, a spokesman for Sen. Mike Lee of Utah (who co-sponsored FADA in 2015), during an interview with BuzzFeed News on Dec. 9.
Advertisement:
Carroll later added, "We do plan to reintroduce FADA next Congress and we welcome Trump's positive words about the bill."
Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, the bill's other co-sponsor, told BuzzFeed News that "the prospects for protecting religious freedom are brighter now than they have been in a long time. We are having ongoing conversations with our colleagues both in Congress and leaders in the new administration about a multitude of ways we can honor the commitment made to the voters in this last election."
PRESIDENT Michael D Higgins has declined to comment on his religious beliefs this weekend after he controversially made no mention of God in his annual Christmas message.
PRESIDENT Michael D Higgins has declined to comment on his religious beliefs this weekend after he controversially made no mention of God in his annual Christmas message.
A spokesperson at Aras an Uachtarain told the Sunday Independent it was "inappropriate" to question the President on his spiritual views.
The response comes after a week of disquiet and public dismay that the president omitted any mention of Christ in his televised public address to a nation that remains overwhelmingly Christian.
This is the third year Mr Higgins chose to make no mention of 'Christ' or 'Christianity' in his annual address to the nation.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny also made no mention of religion in his Christmas address.
Meanwhile, Defence Forces chief-of-staff Lieut Gen Conor O'Boyle has conveyed his regret for any embarrassment caused to Mr Higgins as a result of a homily given by the Army's head chaplain on Christmas Eve.
Msgr Eoin Thynne, who is head chaplain to the Defence Forces, used his homily at Windy Arbour Church, Dublin, to comment on the absence of any reference to the Christian faith in the President's message.
Since that homily, Msgr Thynne has also voiced concerns about the crib allegedly being removed from the Defence Forces headquarters in Newbridge, Co Kildare. He said these concerns had been raised with him by others.
Lieut Gen O'Boyle contacted Aras an Uachtarain to "convey the regret of the head chaplain for any embarrassment that may have been caused to the President".
A forces spokesman declined to comment on the claim the crib was removed from the Newbridge headquarters or on who might have ordered its removal. He also declined to say whether or not Msgr Thynne will be subject to disciplinary action.
Irish leaders have bucked the trend in the Western world in their decision to shy away from any mention of Christ in their Christmas addresses.
Around the world, global leaders made various references to Christ and the Bible in televised speeches watched by millions of people from all denominations.
In Britain, Prime Minister David Cameron who once said that his Anglican faith "sort of comes and goes", turned to the Gospel to illuminate his central theme of 'big society'.
In his Christmas message, Mr Cameron said that millions of people building the big society are living up to the teachings of Christ.
He also quoted the 'Act of the Apostles' from the New Testament.
US President Barack Obama, who came under much scrutiny for his religious beliefs in the run-up to his election, reflected upon the meaning of Christmas, while still keeping its significance inclusive of all religions.
Sitting beside the First Lady, Michelle Obama, he said: "This is our chance to celebrate the birth of Christ and to live as he taught us to love our neighbours as ourselves, to feed the hungry and look after the sick, to be our brother's keeper and our sister's keeper. For all of us as Americans, regardless of our faith, those are values that can drive us to be better parents and better friends, better neighbours and better citizens."
Queen Elizabeth also made reference to Christ in her Christmas message: "For Christians, as with all people of faith, reflection, meditation and prayers help us to renew ourselves in God's love as we strive daily to become better people."
She also drew on the nativity story, saying: "On the first Christmas in the fields above Bethlehem, as they sat in the colds of night watching their resting sheep, the local shepherds must have had no shortage of time for reflection. Suddenly all this was to change. The humble shepherds were the first to hear and ponder the wondrous news of the birth of Christ, the first Noel -- the joy of which we celebrate today."
In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel wished the public "God's blessings". While, in Rome, Pope Francis made an effort to include non-believers in his message as he reached out to atheists and people of other non-Christian faiths in marked contrast to his predecessor.
"I invite even non-believers to desire peace," he said in the annual address at St Peter's Square.
A spokesperson for Aras an Uachtarain said the Irish President had nothing to add to his Christmas and New Year message, which was issued on December 22.
However, he referred to a passage in his Christmas address that referenced the spiritual dimension.
"The message of Christmas, shared by many faiths, invites us to care for one another and to be, in an ethical sense, one another's keepers," it said.
His decision not to include Christ has been met with dismay from many quarters.
David Quinn, of the IONA institute, told the Sunday Independent: "All over the Western world political leaders are not so hidebound by political correctness that they feel they must leave out any direct reference to the religious aspect or Christian aspect of Christmas but our leaders, whether the Taoiseach or the President, sanitise their speeches for fear of causing offence to the very easily offended. Because who in fact would be offended by a direct reference to Christianity in a Christmas message except a dyed-in-the-wool crank?"
Irish Independent
Facebook is taking steps to warn users whose accounts may have been compromised by government entities.
Chief security officer Alex Stamos announced in a note on the Facebook Security page that in situations where Facebook believes users' accounts have been targeted or compromised by attacks on behalf of nation-states, those users will receive warning notifications similar to the one pictured below, reading:
Please secure your accounts now: We believe your Facebook account and your other online accounts may be the target of attacks from state-sponsored actors. Turning on login approvals will help keep others from logging into your Facebook account. Whenever your account is accessed from a new device or browser, we'll send a security code to your phone so that only you can log in. We recommend you also take steps to secure the accounts you use on other services.
Stamos offered further details in his note:
While we have always taken steps to secure accounts that we believe to have been compromised, we decided to show this additional warning if we have a strong suspicion that an attack could be government-sponsored. We do this because these types of attacks tend to be more advanced and dangerous than others, and we strongly encourage affected people to take the actions necessary to secure all of their online accounts. It's important to understand that this warning is not related to any compromise of Facebook's platform or systems, and that having an account compromised in this manner may indicate that your computer or mobile device has been infected with malware. Ideally, people who see this message should take care to rebuild or replace these systems if possible. To protect the integrity of our methods and processes, we often won't be able to explain how we attribute certain attacks to suspected attackers. That said, we plan to use this warning only in situations where the evidence strongly supports our conclusion. We hope that these warnings will assist those people in need of protection, and we will continue to improve our ability to prevent and detect attacks of all kinds against people on Facebook.
Readers: What do you think of this move by Facebook?
Image courtesy of Shutterstock.
It's not often that we get insight into an NFL coach's philosophy in a ready made package for NFL fans to digest. Yet, we have just that for new 49ers quarterback's coach Steve Logan.
In 2007 Coaches Choice published two DVDs where Logan outlines his passing game philosophies. One DVD covers the 3, 5, and 7 step passing game while the other covers play action and sprint out passing plays.
Much of the content is based on his 10 years at East Carolina and while we can only assume that some of his thinking has evolved over time, we can also safely assume that much of what he outlines in these DVDs are lessons he carries with him to this day.
Before I dive into the content there is one key caveat to note: We don't know exactly how much influence Logan will have on the 49ers offense. We might know more about Logan's thoughts than Geep Chryst but that doesn't mean he's inherently more qualified, or would be a better coordinator. This is simply a foray into the thoughts of the man who is now charged with developing the 49ers' 126 million dollar quarterback.
Overview
The basic structure of the DVDs is simple. Logan details his philosophy on why an offense needs to have packages with 3, 5, and 7-step drops as well as play action and sprint out passes. Logan then details when he prefers to use each package.
For 49ers fans it's important to note that this is all based on West Coast passing concepts. Logan referred to himself on his radio show as being "very familiar" with the West Coast Offense and that definitely shined through.
Many of the concepts he detailed on the white board were WCO staples:
The Shallow Cross or Drive. ("We'll never get away from this as long as I'm coaching here [at ECU]" The Smash. (This is one of Colin Kaepernick's preferred route combinations.) The Molly Block. (This was a block pioneered by Bill Walsh in the 80's to combat a young Lawrence Taylor.)
Logan easily drew up Bill Walsh staples like Hank (curl-flat), Dragon (slant-flat), and, of course, the good ‘ol Y-Banana. (Drink!). He clearly knows his way around a WCO playbook, something that bodes well as many of these concepts were core components of Jim Harbaugh's playbook. For a team looking to "reload" continuity in passing concepts might be critical.
The 3-Step Drop: Controlling Coverages
For Logan, the 3-step drop is all about controlling coverages and winning on first down with easy completions. Quite simply if you have a numbers advantage in the box you run, and if not you pass. His first down calls are "check with me" calls, relying heavily on audibles to take what the defense gives you.
Perhaps most interesting is Logan's "compassion towards the offensive line." The 3-step game allows the lineman to go attack the defender, something they don't get to do in other pass sets. Logan also strongly advocates the cut-block game as an attacking blocking method.
Logan prefers to run the 3-step game on 1st and 10, when the field becomes compressed vertically. The concept of vertical compression is incredibly important to Logan and he mentions it often.
Approximately 30% of of throws come from the 3-step game in Logan's offense.
The 5-Step Drop: Possession Passing
Controlling possession via the pass is at the core of Logan's 5-step passing philosophy. Drawing up a 5-step game means leveraging 10–12 yard routes, and it definitely needs to involve the running back. This is where you pile up first downs.
Logan wants his quarterback to read the field from one side to the other and, given the route depth and timing, attack the linebackers. But perhaps more important than scanning is throwing hot. Logan emphasized throwing hot extensively, requiring the quarterback to draw up protection schemes to identify free rushers, and the resulting free receiver. "We can protect you with 6 players, if you can protect yourself against the 7th" says Logan.
Yards after the catch is a continual theme, but Logan hammers the point home in this section. He even references the "handoff throw." When throwing to a back Logan wants the quarterback to throw 6-inches in front of the number of the back, mimicking a handoff.
The preferred down and distance for a 5-step call is 2nd and 6, or 3rd and 3–7. Once you get to the 35-yard line Logan says you have 45 yards of vertical field to play with, making a 5-step call ideal. As long as the O-Line can to hold up for 2.6–2.7 seconds, the QB should be able to make a 5-step throw.
The 7-Step Drop: The Knockout
The 3-step game causes defenses to move up to protect against quick throws. The 5-step game backs them up a little, but DBs will sit on routes if you continually run 10–12 yard routes. That's Logan hits them with the 7-step concepts.
7-step plays will keep 7 to 8 defenders in to block, and the quarterback should get 9 and 3/4 yards depth and should get there in 1.9 seconds. Logan wants the QB to get away from the mess that is the line of scrimmage and the extra steps allow routes to develop 15–17 yards downfield.
However, "We don't run full field packages with a 7-step passing game," says Logan of the passing progression. "But if you get reckless we might release a tight end and get a dump throw."
Final Thoughts
After watching the DVDs, the impression I got is that Logan is very much a "why" guy. All of his packages had a purpose and he continually reminded the viewer that the purpose of the package dictated its utilization.
The passing packages also worked together. Logan did not just call a passing play because he liked it. The different passing packages worked as an integrated unit; each one setting up the defense to react one way only to use that reaction against them.
In part 2 of this series I'll look at Logan's Sprint Out and Play Action passing game philosophy, plus the axioms he thinks every quarterback needs to be successful.
Why I hate iOS as a developer
Pier Bover Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 6, 2016
As a user, iOS is a great platform. Somewhat boring and rigid perhaps, but beautiful and solid (most of the time).
As a developer things are quite different. Dealing with iOS (and really Apple in general) is like trying to have a conversation with a paranoid robot working as a soviet border officer in a Kafka novel.
Safari for iOS is a mess
It's one of the the most dreadful browsers I've had the pleasure to work with since I started doing web dev back in the late 90s. I've lost count of the many hacks I've had to implement to make code behave in Safari for iOS or its web views. This is really unacceptable in the standards-compliant world of 2016.
To give you an idea you can't for example specify the height of an <iframe>. This is something we've been able to do on any other browser since the <iframe> tag was invented in 1999, even on IE6, the most hated browser on earth. This problem has been going on since 2011.
It makes you really wonder. Why is it that Apple doesn't allow other browser engines on iOS? Or why is it that Apple doesn't invest more resources in the Webkit project like Google does with Chromium?
You can't (easily) test older iOS versions
The other day I wanted to test the simulator with iOS 7, and guess what? You can't. Well, it's certainly possible, but it would require you to download an old and unsupported Xcode version that only runs in Mavericks.
So you either keep old macs around, or you keep old iOS devices around, praying Apple doesn't break things further.
Apple's policy is to take no prisoners. If you can't upgrade your device you are a “sad” person. Go buy a new iOS device if you want the privilege of having bug free apps.
Certificates and provisioning profiles
Dealing with iOS certificates is tedious, bureaucratic, and cryptic. Sometimes things fail and neither Apple's docs, Xcode, nor the dreadful Member Center can shed some light as to what is going on.
Just recently I lost 2 days trying to figure out why I couldn't create a certain certificate and I finally found the answer on some obscure Mozilla's docs of all places. Xcode only gave me a greyed out button and no one answered in Apple's developer forums.
As a developer you shouldn't need to ask permission to Apple in order to run your code on your devices. You know, like pretty much any other platform in the world. Even macOS.
iOS AppStore
The AppStore is yet another huge source of frustration. For example just a few hours ago an app I'm working on was rejected because someone at Apple didn't like my screenshots.
We noticed that your screenshot(s) do not sufficiently reflect your app in use.
I obviously uploaded screenshots of the app running without any alterations.
If Apple wants more screenshots or it thinks those are ugly why doesn't it say so? No, you don't deserve anything better than an automated answer.
In the meantime, it takes Apple a week to let you know if it likes your screenshots. Good luck trying to plan a coordinated release strategy.
Remember the robot from Elysium?
“Would you like to talk to a human?”
Thankfully I can just keep uploading screenshots and hoping the app will be accepted at some point. I'm just losing time.
It's not as bad as what happened today with the Dash iOS app. Apple decided that the developer of a successful app had incurred in review fraud and terminated his app.
Apple's decision is final and can't be appealed.
Of course, we all know Apple is perfect and never makes mistakes. Why would you want to appeal such thing?
Worst of all
You have to pay money for the privilege of being an iOS developer. It's not enough that Apple forces you to compile on an actual overpriced Apple computer or that you have to endure all these problems.
One day Apple will make the iOS developer program free for everyone and there will be a big applause. Fanboys will cry. Such a generous gesture!
In the meantime you can develop for pretty much any platform in the world for free and even compile from any other platform. Like compiling a Windows app on macOS, or an Android app on Linux.
That is all.
Edit 7th October 2016: Apparently the @ryosukeniwa Twitter account was deleted just after I published this. What a coincidence.
Place egg yolks and honey or sugar in a small bowl and whisk until creamy and thickened. Add cocoa powder if desired. Transfer to a serving glass or ramekin. This dessert can be eaten at room temperature or chilled. If desired, rum or vodka can be added, as well as raisins, nuts, marshmallows or any other ingredient you desire. Although these are not traditional, they are slowly creeping into modern Polish versions.
What Is Traditional Eggnog?
December is National Eggnog Month in the States. Traditional eggnog is a blend of milk or cream, eggs, nutmeg and usually liquor of some sort, such as rum, brandy or whiskey.
Nonalcoholic versions of eggnog have been served to those who are ill and children as a fortifying beverage. Some eggnogs are made by separating the yolks from the whites and whipping the latter to make a frothier, more airy drink.
The debate rages on as to how eggnog was developed and by whom. It is speculated that the tradition began in Europe as a riff on the milk-and-wine punches often served at parties. It was used as a toast to one's health and consumed by the upper class.
The name, one version has it, comes from Colonial America where colonists referred to thick drinks as “grog” and eggnog as “egg-and-grog.” It was the colonists who first added rum to the original recipe. As time went on, the South continued that practice while others added whiskey or brandy.
By Geoff Brumfiel
In an effort to put the world's largest scientific experiment back on track after delays and cost overruns, Europe is shaking up the agency overseeing its portion of the multinational ITER reactor.
On February 16, Frank Briscoe, a British fusion scientist, will take the reins as interim director of Fusion for Energy (F4E), the agency in Barcelona, Spain, that manages Europe's ITER contribution--the largest of any partner's. Briscoe replaces Didier Gambier, a French physicist who joined the F4E as director when it formed in 2007. Gambier was originally appointed for a five-year term.
The European Union (EU) is also formulating a plan to complete construction on the multibillion-dollar machine in 2019, a year after currently scheduled, Nature has learned.
ITER aims to prove the viability of fusion power by using superconducting magnets to squeeze a plasma of heavy hydrogen isotopes to temperatures above 150 milliondegrees Celsius. When full-scale experiments begin in 2026, the machine should produce ten times the power it consumes.
Europe will supply some 45 percent of the construction costs for the reactor, including the buildings that will house it in St-Paul-lès-Durance, France. The F4E was created in part to hand out billions of euros in construction contracts. In 2009, it awarded 86 contracts, but major works such as building excavations slated for last autumn have yet to begin, and contracts for crucial elements such as the massive vacuum vessel are not yet signed. Gambier told Nature in October that the delays occurred because ITER's overall design has not been finalized.
But sources say that the European Commission was unhappy with the F4E's performance and with Gambier's leadership. In a December meeting of the European Competitiveness Council, research commissioner Janez Potonik stressed the need for better costing, scheduling and management of ITER.
Catherine Ray, a spokeswoman for the European Commission in Brussels, declined to comment on the circumstances behind Gambier's leaving. So did Gambier, who will take up a new position with the commission. Aris Apollonatos, a spokesperson for the F4E, called the departure a "personal choice."
Briscoe is well known in the global fusion community. From 1996 to 2008 he managed the Culham Science Centre in Abingdon, UK, home to the Joint European Torus, Europe's main fusion experiment. In 2008, he led an independent review of the cost and design of ITER. "He is a very practical, sensible, solid guy," says Robert Goldston, a physicist at Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory in Princeton, New Jersey.
"We trust that the new team in the F4E will implement the necessary changes to allow the EU to respect its commitments," says Ray.
Europe has faced increasing criticism from ITER's six other international partners: Japan, South Korea, Russia, India, China and the United States. A budget proposed last week by U.S. President Barack Obama would slash America's funding for ITER in 2011 by 40 percent, to US$80 million; it cited "the slow rate of progress by the [ITER Organization] and some Members' Domestic Agencies." And on February 2, Evgeny Velikhov, a Russian fusion researcher and head of ITER's council, called Europe a "weak link." "Unfortunately, their organizational structure is very poor," he told Russian President Vladimir Putin in an interview that appeared on a Russian government Web site.
Finishing ITER in 2019, a goal that the F4E is now working towards with industrial contractors, would involve risks such as producing components in parallel, but scientists think that those risks can be managed. "There should be no doubt that Europe is trying hard to get ITER ready in the shortest time that is realistic," says one senior European scientist. The new schedule will be presented to other ITER partners at a meeting on February 23-24 in Paris.
About
Tupi is a project about 2D animation art and freedom. Traditionally, big software corporations like Adobe develop software, becoming the industry standard for artists—from big companies to independent animators.
Users are the base of the commercial software industry. For animation software, the base is the creative community. With no users, there's no way a software company can survive as a business. Ironically, big software companies don't care about users although they say they really do. Let's face it: artists never have the opportunity to define the price of software, the hardware/software requirements of the upgrades, or the new features for the future versions. Users also have no say as to whether software should be discontinued or not. Currently, digital-animation artists don't have little control over their work tools. If you think you "own" the Adobe or Toom Boom installation in your computer, it's just merely an illusion—the copyright of the software doesn't belong to you and terms can change at any time.
Several years ago, the Free Software movement began and has become a new alternative for digital artists. People from many artistic disciplines can now find an open and free version of software that meets their creative expectations. Now, if you add crowdfunding platforms like KickStarter to the Free Software movement, you'll find that we're living in an exciting time where the digital-artist community can shift the power, giving them actual control over their tools.
The Tupi project wants to give the same freedom to 2D-animation artists. Tupi is a 2D animation platform (GPL licensed [1]) whose main focus is to become the free/open source industry standard for every person interested in learning 2D animation—from beginners to professionals. Tupi's strength is its emphasis on usability and a friendly interface. This project is still under development and requires a lot of work. That's the reason of this campaign. If you are a 2D animator and you want the freedom to express yourself with software that is truly yours, Tupi is your future and we need your help.
The main challenge of this campaign is to reach the version 1.0 of Tupi, which means to implement the full list of features defined in our route map [2] for the next 12 months.
Freedom is not about a cheap special offer, it's about commitment and belief, and we are committed and believe in this project from the very beginning three years ago. We are asking you to believe too and to join us. Since the first minor version of Tupi was released until now, we have advanced a lot on our route-map, but there's still a long way to go. To reach the version 1.0, we need your support to pay a full time developer for one year and to afford new and better hardware for proper testing and development.
This campaign is a call out to every artist around the world wanting to participate in the development of Tupi as a tester, as a user, and as a contributor of the project. We're not looking for funding alone (although we need it, of course), but for a community of artists wanting to break down the status quo, wanting to change the world and to participate in the creation of their own tools.
As any Free Software project, our development process is absolutely open. You're able right now to test and join our community, ask for features, share all your feedback with us and try our latest version of Tupi [3]. For now, the installer is only available for Linux, but part of our main goals with this campaign is to create the installers for Windows, Mac and Android. Our capacity to create them and to develop a very professional software application depends on your will to help us.
Finally, take a look at a little example of what is possible to create using Tupi currently and imagine how far it could evolve with your support:
Thank you so much to all the supporters of this Free Software initiative.
[1] http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
[2] http://www.maefloresta.com/wiki/index.php?title=Tupi:_Wishlist_2013
[3] http://maefloresta.com
The long awaited maiden launch of Orbital ATK's revamped Antares commercial rocket utilizing new first stage engines, from its Virginia launch base, will likely slip from July to August a company spokesperson confirmed to Universe Today.
The target date for the ‘Return to Flight' launch of Antares on a cargo resupply mission for NASA to the International Space Station (ISS) is “likely to result in an updated launch schedule in the August timeframe,” Orbital ATK spokeswoman Sean Wilson told Universe Today.
The company had most recently been aiming towards an Antares launch date around July 6 from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility – for its next NASA contracted mission to stock the ISS via the Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo freighter on a flight known as OA-5.
Meanwhile the firms most recently launched Cygnus OA-6 cargo ship departed the space station and completed its planned destructive reentry into the Earth's atmosphere on Wednesday, June 22.
But before Orbital ATK can resume Antares/Cygnus cargo flights to the ISS, it had to successfully hurdle through a critically important milestone on the path to orbit – namely a static hot fire test of the significantly modified first stage to confirm that It's qualified for launch.
To that end the aerospace firm recently completed a successful 30 second long test firing of the re-engined first stage on May 31 at Virginia Space's Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) Launch Pad 0A – as I reported here earlier.
A thorough analysis of the hot fire test results and its implications is underway.
“Our Antares team recently completed a successful stage test and is wrapping up the test data analysis,” Wilson said.
“Final trajectory shaping work is also currently underway, which is likely to result in an updated launch schedule in the August timeframe.”
In the meantime, company engineers continue to ready the rocket and payload.
“We are continuing to prepare for the upcoming launch of the Antares rocket and Cygnus spacecraft for the OA-5 cargo logistics mission to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility,” Wilson noted.
It's also clear that a decision on a launch date target is some weeks away and depends on the busy upcoming manifest of other ISS missions coming and going.
“A final decision on the mission schedule, which takes into account the space station traffic schedule and cargo requirements, will be made in conjunction with NASA in the next several weeks.”
And it also must take into account the launch of the intervening SpaceX ISS cargo flight that was just postponed two days to no earlier than July 18.
Another factor is the delayed launch of the next manned crew on a Russian Soyuz capsule from late June into July. Blastoff of the three-person crew from Russia, the US and Japan is set for July 7. OA-5 will deliver some 3 tons of science experiments and crew supplies.
Antares launches had immediately ground to a halt following a devastating launch failure 20 months ago which destroyed the rocket and its critical payload of space station science and supplies for NASA in a huge fireball just seconds after blastoff – as witnessed by this author.
As a direct result consequence of the catastrophic launch disaster, Orbital STK managers decided to outfit the Antares medium-class rocket with new first stage RD-181 engines built in Russia.
The RD-181 replaces the previously used AJ26 engines which failed moments after liftoff during the last launch on Oct. 28, 2014 resulting in a catastrophic loss of the rocket and Cygnus cargo freighter.
The RD-181 flight engines are built by Energomash in Russia and had to be successfully tested via the static hot fire test to ensure their readiness.
As a result of switching to the new RD-181 engines, the first stage also had to be modified to incorporate new thrust adapter structures, actuators, and propellant feed lines between the engines and core stage structure, Mike Pinkston, Orbital ATK General Manager and Vice President, Antares Program told me in a prior interview.
So the primary goal of the stage test was to confirm the effectiveness of the new engines and all the changes in the integrated rocket stage.
It's not entirely clear at this time whether the Antares launch delay to August is due to changes in the ISS manifest scheduling or any lingering questions from the hot fire test or both.
“A final decision on the mission schedule definitely takes into account the completion of data analysis combined with the busy space station traffic schedule and NASA's cargo requirements,” Wilson told me in a response requesting clarification.
Following a quick look immediately following the May 31 test, Orbital ATK officials initially reported that all seemed well, with the caveat that further data review is needed.
“Early indications show the upgraded propulsion system, core stage and launch complex all worked together as planned,” said Mike Pinkston, Orbital ATK General Manager and Vice President, Antares Program.
“Congratulations to the combined NASA, Orbital ATK and Virginia Space team on a successful test.”
Orbital ATK engineers will now “review test data over the next several days to confirm that all test parameters were met. ”
The test used the first stage core planned to launch the OA-7 mission from Wallops late this year.
With the engine test completed, the OA-7 stage will be rolled back to the HIF processing hanger at Wallops and a new stage fully integrated with the Cygnus cargo freighter will be rolled out to the pad for the OA-5 ‘Return to Flight' mission in August.
The mission of the OA-6 Cygnus ended on Wednesday, with a planned destructive reentry into the Earth's atmosphere at 9:29 a.m. EDT.
Also known as the SS Rick Husband, it had spent 3 months in orbit since launching in March on a ULA Atlas V.
It departed the ISS on June 14 and continued several science experiments. Most notable was to successfully create the largest fire in space via the Spacecraft Fire Experiment-I (Saffire-I).
Stay tuned here for Ken's continuing Earth and Planetary science and human spaceflight news.
Ken Kremer
Sebastian used to have manboobs, but he got them removed and now he's living it up in Montreal. Unfortunately, his wingman is a cokehead closeted homosexual who likes to pick fights with guys in clubs by kissing them and then accusing them of being homophobes.
“What the fuck dude!? Why did you hit me?” “You called me a homophobe” “Well, aren't you?” “Hell no.” “Prove it.” And then Eric jumped up, grabbed the hipster's face, pulled it in and they were making out. The crowd gasped again, and instantly dispersed. Just like that. Eric had a game plan. He's purely Machiavellian in his quest; sniffing pills, engaging in random combat, and pulling emotional strings like a debauched puppet-master-guru. – Excerpt from A Thousand Tiny Failures By Tony D
Sebastian is caught in the middle of this, trying to put out the fires, literal and metaphorical, that his seedy friends are lighting around him. He's stuck in a dead end call center job, in a city where he knows nobody, and he needs to build a life around himself. All he has is his wits.
Tony D's new book, A Thousand Tiny Failures, is a dark, sad and funny look at modern male culture, and the “pickup” subculture in particular. It's funny, rude and honest, and explores both the good and the bad of what it's like to be a guy in this day and age.
Some reviewers have trashed it as a “Narcissistic Sex Romp” – a perfectly accurate description, and exactly what I enjoyed about the book. Sebastian – Tony's alter ego, rejects the grey life of the corporate cubicle dweller, and the social relationships that come with that. Sebastian starts the book with bitch tits, an adolescent case of gynecomastia that makes his high-school experience hell. Eventually, Sebastian decides to take his life into his own hands; he gets surgery for the man-boobs, and swallows “the red pill”.
The result is sort of an anti-growing up story. Sebastian enjoys life and goes from one girl to the next, learning a bit along the way. There are some great stories, including the not-so closeted homosexual wingman in Montreal, the tragic story of the first girl he really falls for, and numerous pickups along the way described in cynical, dirty detail.
Reading the book, I couldn't help but find myself relating to Sebastian, from his bad experiences in high-school, the failure of his male role models, the ridiculous pickup guys he met along the way, and the difficulties of keeping a good relationship while being a professional pickup coach (Dating Coach as we to call ourselves, but lets be real), I felt Sebastian's experience really mirrored my own.
In the end though, while Sebastian's story is funny, entertaining and at times uplifting, it leaves you with a sad note. Tony D's writing has a sort of nihilistic cynicism that reminds one of Bukowski or Chuck Palahinuk, and plot is laced with themes of futility, frustration, and unrequited love. Sebastian moves from dead end job to dead end job, all the while writing and chasing women in his spare time.
As the story comes to an end, you get the feeling that Sebastian hasn't really changed. He's living the same story over and over again.
Like Neil Strauss's The Game, A Thousand Tiny Failures is part adventure, part tutorial, part warning. Learning to pick up can be a lot of fun, and lead to some great adventures, but if you make your life revolve around it, you can find yourself spinning out of control.
Anyway, I highly recommend the book for anyone who's into game. It's funny and entertaining, and a bit educational. Most of all, it's a book that is honest and real and moving.
You can check out a free sample of A Thousand Tiny Failures at Amazon.com – just click the “look inside” graphic.
Disclosure: Tony D is a friend of mine, and has given me some great writing advice over the years. I might be a bit biased.
Marijuana has been used to relieve pain, digestive and psychological disorders for more than 3,000 years—but the efficacy, safety and legality of the drug are still widely debated.1
What is Medical Marijuana (Cannabis)?
Medical marijuana is the use of the leaves, flowers and buds of the hemp plant cannabis as treatment for diseases or symptoms. The healing properties of marijuana are due to its high cannabidiol (CBD) content (the non-psychoactive component of cannabis that may be beneficial in treating pain, epileptic seizures and possibly psychoses).2 Marijuana also contains tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), a molecule that can stimulate appetite, decrease nausea, reduce pain and produce a psychoactive effect.2
How Does Medical Marijuana Work?
Cannabinoids attach like a key to a lock to your body's naturally occurring cannabinoid receptors, which make up the endocannabinoid (EC) system. Both the therapeutic and psychoactive properties of marijuana occur when a cannabinoid activates a cannabinoid receptor. Because the EC system is found in many parts of your brain and cannabinoid receptors are all over your body—in your brain, lungs, liver, kidneys and immune system—the effects of THC and CBD are wide-ranging.5
When marijuana is smoked, its effects can kick in immediately. The THC chemicals quickly travel from your lungs into your bloodstream. Then, brain cells release the chemical dopamine, which creates physical effects. When marijuana is eaten however, it may take up to an hour for it to metabolize in the stomach and digestive system before being felt by the brain.6
Research on the health benefits of marijuana is ongoing, but current studies have proven that cannabinoid receptors play an important role in many body processes, including metabolic regulation, cravings, pain, anxiety, bone growth and immune function.7
Why is the Use of Medical Marijuana Debated?
Though marijuana has been approved for medical use in many states, marijuana is not yet approved for national use by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Research has indicated it may impair your lungs, memory and judgment.8
However, research has also shown marijuana provides pain relief in ways traditional pain medicines don't.9 Medical marijuana can improve appetite and relieve nausea in those who have cancer and it may help relieve symptoms such as muscle stiffness in people who have multiple sclerosis.10,11
What are Common Uses for Medical Marijuana?
Though there is limited research to create general treatment recommendations, medical marijuana use has been suggested and reported for many different conditions including:12
Cancer pain management
Parkinson's disease
Tourette's Syndrome
Alzheimer's disease
Schizophrenia
Cardiovascular disorders
Palliative care
Glaucoma
How is Medical Marijuana Used?
Smoking medical marijuana is the most common method of using it because the patient is able to feel its effects almost immediately, and is able to control how much relief they need.13 However, this brings an increased risk of bronchitis or other respiratory problems.
Medicinal marijuana can also be:13
Taken in capsules
Vaporized (the plant is heated until active ingredients are released; no smoke is formed)
Taken as a liquid extract
Eaten (Pulverized into flour and baked or extracted into fat or oils)
What Are Potential Side Effects of Marijuana?
Side effects of marijuana are usually temporary and can include:14
Dizziness
Drowsiness
Short-term memory loss
Euphoria
Can You Get a Prescription for Medical Marijuana?
Medical marijuana can't be purchased from a pharmacy like traditional prescriptions. It must be sold through a licensed dispensary in an approved state. Patients must be seen and evaluated by a licensed health care provider.15
If you'd like more information about the use of medical marijuana, talk with your doctor. Most states encourage patients to apply for a Medical Marijuana Identification Card (MMIC). Patients need to show proof of residence, have a qualifying condition and a medical recommendation for use from a licensed health care provider. This card allows patients to legally possess marijuana for medical use dispensed through a licensed dispensary. Please refer to your state specific laws for additional information on the use of medical marijuana.15
By Dahlia Sultan, PharmD
Resident Pharmacist, Walgreens and the University of Illinois at Chicago
Sources:
Disclaimer: Walgreens is not a licensed medical marijuana provider.
Making Microbes: Fungal vs Bacterial Soil Life
Organic gardeners and farmers understand the need to cultivate and protect soil microorganism life. The strategies to do this involves mulching, composting, and avoiding soil disturbance as much as possible. We know that these strategies, in addition to many others, encourage a healthy soil-food-web.
The soil-food-web is the interconnected matrix of invisible (fungi, bacteria, protozoa, nematodes) and visible (earthworms, beetles, arthropods) creatures that have a whole host of functions which create a healthy ecosystem for plant growth. They aerate the soil, decompose organic matter, make nutrients available, prevent nutrient leaching, break down toxins, protect plants from pathogens, fix nitrogen and so forth.
What we can take away from this bit of knowledge is that we want these organisms operating on our garden or farm. The best way to do this is by creating the habitat and food they need in order to thrive. This seems simple, but it quickly becomes complicated when we explore the details.
Each of these organisms does better with different food sources and each of them change their environment in different ways. In addition each species of plant we are growing thrives in different soil environments; apples and arugula have evolved very differently and the more we can support their evolutionary requirements the healthier the plants will be.
That becomes our starting point; where we ask:
•What type of soil environment do our crops desire?
•How can we then encourage the specific type of microorganisms to create that environment?
Fungal-Bacterial Ratio
Here at the Ranch we are growing tree crops, which as I've written in this blog before, thrive in an environment that mimics the forest ecology surrounding our orchards. One measure we can use to understand this ecology is the fungal to bacteria biomass ratio (F/B).
This is a measure of the portions of the microbial biomass, ie. all the living organisms in the soil, that is fungal vs that which is bacterial. The F/B ratio is primarily used to study the impact of human land disturbance on the soil-food-web. It can therefore also be used to determine what individual plants desire. For example annual grains and vegetables like a ratio of 0:3 to 1:1 and orchard trees thrive in 10:1 to 50:1 soils
Depending on the types of crops we are growing, again in our case tree crops, we may want to alter the dominance of fungi or bacteria in our soil. This microorganism, particularly fungi, are quite sensitive to changes in land usage, therefore we need to understand how different techniques affect this ratio and why we want the ratio to be high or low in the first place.
Ecosystem Mimicry
Forest soils have a higher fungus to bacteria ratio. Looking at quantities of each, as measured in a teaspoon of soil, we find that bacteria remain steady in quantities through the spectrum from agricultural soils to prairie soils to forest soils. In one teaspoon of soil there are 100 million to 1 billion individuals. Fungi, measured in yards of hyphae, though increase significantly along this spectrum. In agricultural soils they are measured in several of yards, while in deciduous forest soils hundreds of yards are found, and in coniferous forest this actually increases to miles.
Fungi love high carbon materials, think cellulose and lignin which are the primary building blocks of tree leaves and wood. Most bacteria struggle to break this down. Bacteria instead thrive with high nitrogen food sources, think manure, incorporated cover crops, etc.
We can gather from this how different gardening and farming techniques affect this ratio. Fox example mulching with wood chips encourages fungi, tillage kills fungi and encourages bacteria, and incorporating organic material into different soil horizons shifts the ratio toward bacteria.
Mineralization/Immoblization Balance
This makes it apparent as well that fungi and bacteria have different roles in the soil-food-web. Fungi are better are taking in and retaining nutrients as part of the mineralization/immobilization process. This is the process where microbes consume nutrients, thereby immobilizing them in their bodies and preventing nutrient leaching.
As they live their lives, producing waste and eventually being consumed further up the food chain, these nutrients re-enter the soil-food-web in a form that is soluble to plants. This is called mineralization. Fungi and bacteria are immensely important to different stages of this process and are each most effective depending on what they are being feed.
Knowledge to Practice
In our orchards we want to cultivate an F/B ratio between 10:1 and 50:1. There are many ways for us to work toward this goal, the simplest being understanding the ecology of fungi and providing the necessary shelter and food source. We do this by consistently mulching our trees with woody materials.
We can get more specific in the process by cultivating our own indigenous microorganisms from the forest and inoculating them directly into our orchards. This practice is called Mountain Microorganism (MM). We have been applying MM to our orchards consistently over the past year in order to shift our F/B ratio higher and gain the benefits, such as pathogen control, that these microorganisms provide to the native forests.
Next steps for us in this process is to use our microscope to analyze the biological content of our soil. With the proper training and experience we expect to be able to determine rough F/B ratios in both our soils and the MM we are applying as a foliar drench. We will be sure to let you know what we find.
For anyone interested in making their own microbes, below is the recipe we use. If you would like to learn more about this process you should consider joining us for our upcoming Permaculture Design Certification course in April/May of 2017.
Mountain Microorganisms Recipe
Phase 1: MM Solid
Ingredients
•3 sacks microorganisms (duff layer of primary forest)
•2 sacks semolina, yuca flour, or green banana flour
•1 gallon molasses, cane juice, or fruit juice
•1 gallon water
Instructions
Spread a layer of duff on a top and cover with a layer of semolina. Mix well with hands. Dilute the molasses with the water and sprinkle on top as you continue to mix. If you grab a fistful of the mixture it should be lightly damp and fall apart easily after you squeeze it.
Next, have someone stand in a 55 gallon plastic drum (never metal), while you shovel the material inside. As you shovel, the person stamps the mixture down with their feet to compress it and remove any air pockets. Seal the barrel and leave at least one month, stored in the shade.
The mixture should be good for three years. When ready, it should have a strong smell of lactic acid.
Phase 2: Liquid MM
Ingredients
•5 kilos MM Solid
•1 gallon molasses
•55 gallon plastic drum filled with water
Instructions
Mix the molasses into the water. Put the MM into a screen sack and let hang in the water. Seal the drum and let sit 4 days.
Between day 4 and 15 this can be used as a foliar spray (between 10 and 100% ratio to water). After 15 days use the MM as a soil drench and after three weeks the product should be fully used up.
Once you have used the MM Liquid, you can make one more batch with the same sack of microbes. Just add 1 gallon molasses and refill the drum with water.
References
Lowenfels, Jeff, and Wayne Lewis. Teaming with Microbes: The Organic Gardener's Guide to the Soil Food Web. Portland, Or.: Timber, 2010. Print.
“Soil Health.” Soil Health. N.p., n.d. Web. 15 Oct. 2016. https://www.soilhealth.com.
About Rancho Mastatal
Rancho Mastatal Sustainability Education Center is an education center, working permaculture farm, lodge and community rooted in environmental sustainability, meaningful, place-based livelihoods, and caring relationships.
We offer profound, innovative and authentic apprenticeships, residential workshops and guest experiences. We practice, promote and teach about natural building, fermentation, permaculture design, renewable energy, agroforestry and more.
Our campus encompasses more than 300-acres of picture-perfect waterfalls, crystal-clear rivers, idyllic swimming holes, impressive trees, extraordinary wilderness views, and pristine habitat for the area's rich flora and fauna. Visitors and participants have access to over 14 km of trails, an extensive library, our working permaculture farm, and the tireless team who make the Ranch such a unique place to learn.
We are located in the rural farming town of Mastatal, situated on the edge of the last remaining virgin rainforest of Costa Rica's beautiful Puriscal County. It is a wonderful place to take in Costa Rica culture, practice your Spanish, visit other permaculture projects, or catch a pickup game of fútbol.
https://ranchomastatal.com/
Originally Published: https://ranchomastatal.com/blognewsletter/2016/10/16/making-microbes-fungal-vs-bacterial-soil-life
Related
Popular
If you're reading this, it either means the whole Mayan prediction of our imminent doom was grossly inaccurate, or it won't happen until later tonight. Either way you're alive, so I'll keep this brief, so you can go out there and enjoy what's really important.
Mainly, not being a rotting, worm-riddled, putrifying corpse. It's the circle of liiiiiiifeeeeeeeee!
Hellblazer #298
This is the first issue of Death and Cigarettes, a three part arc which ends the version of Constantine we know. What sort of ultra-hip abomination will be birthed once the old bastard is worm food, via the New 52, who can say? But, in this, the holiday season, let us appreciate that established John is still with us, if only for a brief while.
With this issue, Milligan has earned his way into my heart with the greats. Perhaps it's the reflection upon life and death which makes the issue so moving. It could easily have been executed in a false manner; a tacky, overly optimistic manner. Let's face facts: no matter your theology, death is the scariest train you'll ever have to face down. Constantine has faced this choo-choo many a time before, so he's ballsier than most. However, you can still sense the regret, and the fear in him. The pessimism, that no matter how cheery a person you are, comes when you know your lightbulb is about to burn out. Mostly, Constantine feels guilty for his young wife, Epiphany John comes to grips with it all, and is ready to meet oblivion by the end of this issue. But he doesn't want to, and as a fan it's heartbreaking. And I won't tell you how it ends, that's not how I operate. I tries to keep the spoilage to a minimum.
The art is exactly the same is it has been: great. So to Guiseppe Camuncoli, Stefano Landini, and all the rest of the gang, cheers.
GORE PANEL OF THE WEEK
BPRD Hell on Earth: The Return of the Master #5
A certain someone comes back, as a really intense looking giant skeleton thing. Kind of reminds me of something I fought in the newest Wolfenstein on the ol' PS3.
Apocalyptic to the maximum, Mignola and John Arcudi continue to have me sweating in me seat.
Giant monsters, resurrected evil Russian mystics, some other crazy dude in Scotland controlling other giant monsters. Ah, I've died and gone to monster heaven. All the beasties are done in glorious detail by Tyler Crook, and all the other people that helped him I'm too lazy to look up.
Definitely pick this up. It's intense. And of course, pick up the other issues. My only complaint would be that nothing is really tied up, but I'm sure they'll keep going. This arc of Hell on Earth has been one doozy of a ride.
Locke and Key Omega #2
This issue focuses on Rufus, the special needs child who is friends with Bode, the youngest of the Locke family. It recaps what Rufus has been through, and what state Bode is currently in. And I s--t you not, this issue has a special needs child getting wonked in the noggin' with a tire iron. Yikes…just yikes. Has anyone ever heard of using restraint techniques? Nope, just straight to hitting the special needs kid in the dome.
SERIOUSLY, YOU WENT THERE? PANEL OF THE WEEK
Another establishing comic, with little action. More of the same from Joe Hill, who seems to have his father's proclivity for portraying special needs children as having magical powers. Although, the panels where we get to see how Rufus sees everything are awesome. For instance instead of mental health workers, he sees…
Yup, it's Nazi dinosaurs.
And I swear, doofy dialogue and phrasing is in the genes of the King family. Hill also names people as if he were writing a B-movie. For instance, Rufus' last name…is Whedon. And the town the Locke's live in…is called Lovecraft. Sigh.
Art is the same as it's been from Gabriel Rodriguez. One of those necessary evil, kind of boring issues.
Not a lot of gore this week. Well, at least that I can show without giving spoilers away. Still, interesting week of horror comics.
Hopefully, I'll see you next week. If not, it's been fun attempting to entertain all ten of you.
We've joined forces with Season Of Mist to give you a premiere from The Great Old Ones‘ forthcoming new album, EOD – A Tale Of Dark Legacy (out 27th of January) – apparently composed as a sequel to H. P. Lovecraft's ‘The Shadow Over Innsmouth'. It is with great pleasure then that we are able to air ‘Mare Infinitum', and you can listen to it in all its glory right now!
Vocalist and guitarist Benjamin Guerry states on behalf of the band: “We are proud to present the new track taken from our new album. It is full of melancholy, but also of transcendence. The song pays tribute to the infinite depth of the sea – an essential plot device within Lovecraft's mythology. For those, who want to keep the surprise element about this tragic trip to Innsmouth, we will give no further explanation or spoiler about our story. Like with any book, you will have to make your own experience. We are also stoked about the great production work made by Mobo at Conkrete Studio!”
The album releases on 27 January 2017, but you can pre-order a copy of the new album at this location.
Minecraft has just been updated to Beta 1.8 – heralding the arrival of the much-anticipated Adventure Update. But how much has changed, and how does it affect the beloved dig-build-explore mechanics of the blocky sandbox game?
[partner id="wireduk"]
I generated a new world to find out, and immediately spawned in the shadow of an enormous mountain. The terrain-generation algorithm has been dramatically overhauled to make the world less patchy. Minecraft's world is already divided up into "biomes" – like forest, swamp, desert, hills, etc. Those biomes are now considerably larger, so passing through a desert will make it very difficult to find food or shelter.
I hollowed out a half-cave in the side of a mountain to use as a bolthole. There happened to be some coal inside, so I was able to build a few torches for the walls – which now give off a distinctive orange glow that lends your dwelling a warm, cozy feel. I spent the night as everyone spends their first night in Minecraft – huddling in a corner, praying that the horrific noises outside would stop.
When the sun rose, I confidently took a step out of my front door. Hissssssssssssssss BOOM. A Creeper got me – some things haven't changed one bit. After respawning and reconstructing the entire front of my house, I ventured out a little further. Behind my mountain fortress was a vast desert, with nothing but cactus and a few scraggly bushes as far as the eye could see.
Next to the health bar at the bottom of the screen is a new hunger bar. This slowly reduces over time, and when it drops to the bottom, you'll steadily take damage until you eat something. When it's full, however, you automatically heal over time, and the benefits of health regeneration vastly outweigh the inconvenience of having to carry a stack of food around with you. I caught and killed a few pigs and chickens, and cooked the meat.
There's an experience bar too, which currently does nothing. As you kill monsters, little green orbs will drop to the ground. As you pick them up they will fill up the bar, but Minecraft's creators haven't yet worked out exactly how they want to implement a levelling system, so for the time being it's purely cosmetic.
Exploring a little further, I found a village with a smithy, a churchlike building, a well and a farm. In a future update, these will be populated with NPCs, but right now they just sit there like ghost towns. Deep underground you'll also find abandoned mineshafts, and – very occasionally – a stronghold filled with libraries, prisons, hallways and storage rooms.
Most impressive is the addition of ravines. Deep underground, and very occasionally on the surface, you'll come across a deep scar in the landscape with ledges that you can walk along. The ocean, too, is now deeper and darker, giving the game's squid more of a home to call their own, but also permitting the construction of vast underwater cities.
Another useful feature that's been added is the ability to sprint. By double-tapping the forward button, you'll gain increased movement speed in exchange for faster depletion of your hunger bar. Unfortunately it shifts your field of view slightly, and it's a little too easy to activate in combat, making the process a bit nauseating after a while.
Knocking a zombie back off a cliff or into a pool of lava is enormously satisfying. Happily, combat doesn't last quite as long as it used to, thanks to the addition of critical hits and knockback. If you hit a monster while you're moving downward, then you'll do double-damage and sparkles will appear. Hitting a monster while sprinting will knock him back. The addition of both mechanics makes fights far more interesting and tactical, rather than just hammering the attack button. Knocking a zombie back off a cliff or into a pool of lava is enormously satisfying.
Speaking of monsters, one of the headline additions in the Adventure Update is the Endermen, which are perhaps the most unsettling creatures ever to appear in a videogame (if you can think of a better one, leave a comment below).
The Endermen has a long, spindly body, and spends its time quietly moving blocks around the world, one at a time. It's mostly passive, but if you look directly at one, its head turns to face you and its huge purple eyes stare directly into your soul. It'll continue staring you down until you look away, at which point it runs extremely quickly toward you, teleporting to get past obstacles. Minecraft creator Markus "Notch" Persson deliberately designed it to cause fear, but not frustration or fatigue, and he's done an incredible job.
After retreating back to my hidey-hole for a second night, a thunderstorm began to break in the skies above. I built a window to watch the rain fall over the desert, and observe the Endermen from afar, but after a few spiders crawled up the walls and into my home, I bricked it up again and sat in a corner, listening to the rain beat down outside.
Minecraft is still one of the most affecting games around, on any platform. In the space of an hour's play, I lost count of the number of times I jumped, swore loudly or just stopped to gaze, mouth-agape, at an incredible view while the game's beautiful soundtrack twinkled away in the background. It's even developed its creepy rumors and mysteries.
If you haven't had the pleasure of giving it a try yourself, there are few better ways to spend $21.95. Head on over to Minecraft.net and buy a code. You'll be glad you did.
See Also:- Minecraft Maker Jokingly Calls Quake Challenge 'Poor Choice,' Vows to Fight
Everywhere in chains
Investigative journalist Nick Davies unpicks the myth of press freedom in Britain.
© Belle Mellor
The British press was born free but it is everywhere in chains. Some of those chains are financial. As the internet takes away our readers and advertisers, news organizations struggle to find the money to pay for basic news gathering and even more so for long, complicated investigations. Instead, they lapse into recycling PR and propaganda served up in neat packages by governments and corporations.
Other chains are political. In every limb of the British state, the activity of the public sector is concealed by a blanket of official secrecy which is enforced by politicians and which means quite simply that civil servants, police officers, care workers and others are banned from talking to reporters. We are expected to take our information from their press officers.
But the tightest chains are legal. That culture of official secrecy is reinforced by an Official Secrets Act which can be wheeled out to prosecute whistleblowers from the state. David Shayler, for example, worked for the internal security service, MI5, and went to a journalist to expose incompetence in its operations against IRA terrorists. He was chased across Europe, jailed in Paris, brought back to London and jailed again. The message to other whistleblowers was chilling and clear.
If the British criminal law can be harsh, the civil law can be even more oppressive. When Julian Assange and I first agreed to set up the alliance of newspapers which published the secrets which had been given to Wikileaks by Chelsea Manning, we immediately decided to involve The New York Times as a kind of escape route from the British courts. The US courts generally will not allow ‘prior restraint' of material which news organizations intend to publish. In London, by contrast, it was clear that the US could go to court, use the magic words ‘national security' and obtain an order to prevent the Guardian or any other British outlet from publishing.
Advert
Similarly, when representatives of British intelligence indicated that they were going to come to the Guardian's office to physically destroy laptops on which we had stored some of the material which we had been given by Edward Snowden, the editor, Alan Rusbridger, took the precaution of ensuring that The New York Times had a copy of the material.
Britain is globally famous for its libel laws. They are almost useless for most genuine victims of media aggression because they are so insanely expensive to enforce. But they are highly effective instruments of suppression for the rich and powerful who can afford them. Crucially, they mean that it is not enough for British reporters to publish the truth: they also have to be able to prove it in open court, which is out of bounds for the kind of off-the-record sources who so often provide the most important information. And if a British reporter happens to make a mistake, he or she can expect to be punished with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of legal costs and damages.
Our contempt of court laws are equally restrictive. I became a reporter because of the Watergate scandal, which began with the arrest of burglars inside the Democrat party's office. In the US, their brief appearance in court the next day gave reporters a way into the story. In Britain, it would have closed the story down: we're in contempt of court if we publish anything that could prejudice an upcoming trial.
All whistleblowers take risks. In Britain, those risks are particularly clear. Those who succeed tend to do so by seeing their role as a political one and coming out openly at some point so that they can become the focal point for a political campaign which can succeed (sometimes) in persuading the state not to wrap them in the legal chains which are so readily available.
Nick Davies is an award-winning investigative journalist and documentary maker. His most recent book, Hack Attack: How the Truth Caught Up with Rupert Murdoch, was published in August 2014.
This article is from the January-February 2015 issue of New Internationalist.
You can access the entire archive of over 500 issues with a digital subscription. Subscribe today »
OTTAWA — Environment Canada told Catherine McKenna early in her mandate as minister that a price on carbon would have to go as high as $300 per tonne in 2050 for Canada to meet its climate targets, a secret briefing document shows.
The document obtained by the National Post, signed off on by the department's deputy minister, outlined carbon pricing options for the nascent Liberal government in November 2015. The Conservative party obtained the document with an access-to-information request.
To achieve 30-per-cent reductions from 2005 emissions levels by 2030 — the target set by Stephen Harper's Conservative government and maintained by the Trudeau Liberals — a price of $100 per tonne would need to be in place by 2020.
Based on external modelling, the price would then have to go up to between $200 and $300 per tonne by 2050, government experts suggested.
The numbers are based on a carbon pricing plan beginning in 2015, and assume a carbon-tax-only policy, absent new regulations. Any delays in implementation, the briefing note says, “significantly increase required price.” The seven pages immediately following those numbers are redacted.
The presentation prepared for McKenna contains research not just on carbon pricing but on other systems such as cap-and-trade, which sets a cap on emissions and allows the market to trade limited carbon “allowances” back and forth.
We're working on a clean fuel standard, we're working on building codes
It suggests that using both systems together would “incent emissions reductions at the lowest cost” and “raise significant revenue.” It adds, too, that most studies on carbon taxation elsewhere in the world “have not identified a robust link with negative economic or competitiveness impacts.”
The Liberals ended up promising only a more modest version of the carbon tax, announcing last October that a national floor price of $10/tonne — paid by private-sector emitters — would be established starting in 2018, rising to $50 per tonne in 2022. The full plan, including how much costs will rise in the future, has not been released.
The briefing says “regardless” of what happens with carbon pricing, complementary measures will be needed to meet what is an “ambitious target.”
McKenna's staff say they are confident targets will be reached with other tools negotiated in the federal-provincial “pan-Canadian framework,” including updated regulations.
“We're working on a clean fuel standard; we're working on building codes. We then also chose that we would accelerate the phase-out of coal. And then the significant investment in green infrastructure,” said Marlo Raynolds, McKenna's chief of staff.
He acknowledged the numbers are what would be needed if carbon pricing was the only measure being used. But instead, the Liberals are pursuing “a portfolio of different policies.”
Raynolds said the government is confident it will meet its climate targets. “The rubber is really hitting the road this year in terms of trying to get these things implemented now.”
Still, they're not there yet, says expert Andrew Leach, a professor at the University of Alberta who worked at Environment Canada under the Harper government and chaired the panel that advised Alberta Premier Rachel Notley on carbon taxation.
“Unless you're going to go further than you've said so far, in between the years of 2022 and 2030,” Leach said, the government won't be on track to meet its target. “You're going to need more stringent policies.”
He said a “disconnect” between climate targets and actual policy is same-old. “It's not something that is in any way new that there would be this discrepancy between the policies that we're talking about, so far, and the outcomes of those policies.”
The numbers are in line with what scientists at Environment Canada were telling the previous Conservative government, and what climate experts have been saying for years, Leach said.
You're going to need more stringent policies
The Tories reject a carbon tax altogether, however. Conservative MP Garnett Genuis said the document raises questions about what the government intends to do in the future — “whether that's further tax increases or coming up with other kinds of policy measures that would have a negative impact on our industry.”
He said the Conservative approach under Harper was to use “binding, intensity-based, sector-by-sector regulations,” and there is no need to introduce taxes. “The Liberal talking point is (that) the only possible action is to increase taxes. That's the tool they apply to every problem that they see,” Genuis said.
Leach says research shows carbon pricing ultimately has a lower economic impact than other measures, such as regulations or carbon-capture technology, although it is hard to predict how major technological change could impact the equation.
“If you say, ‘I'm committed to this target. What is the way we can do this at the least total economic cost, I can stimulate the most innovation, I can make sure that I am costing the economy the least on average?' Then your carbon price is the right way to do it,” he said.
He accused politicians of focusing on the “taxation” aspect without looking at facts. Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall, for example, has been a critic of the federal carbon tax costing hundreds of dollars per tonne, but has been an implicit supporter of carbon-capture and storage technology in his province that is also costing hundreds of dollars per tonne, Leach said.
There are those who believe the Liberals aren't going far enough. Several environmental organizations and political parties, including the New Democrats and the Greens, believe Canada's climate target itself is much too weak.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration appears on track to dismantle most of the states' infrastructure supposed to help mitigate climate change — making for a politically tricky environment.
Provinces will have considerable leeway to decide how they will meet the federal government targets, whether with carbon taxation or cap-and-trade systems.
British Columbia has already had a carbon tax since 2008, now at $30 per tonne, which has been estimated to cost consumers about seven or eight cents per litre at the gas station.
Alberta started its own carbon pricing Jan. 1, at $20-per-tonne, ramping up to $30 per tonne next year. This year, the Alberta government estimates impacts of almost $200 for singles and $360 for a family of four. It offers rebates that will mitigate cost for some households.
The Liberal government has estimated how consumers will be affected by the federal floor price, but they haven't released the numbers. The Canadian Taxpayers Federation claims average households could see a cost of up to $2,500 per family with a $50-per-tonne price, while estimates from think-tanks and academics put the number closer to $1,500.
Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: mariedanielles
The mayor of Nanaimo, B.C., says he has no power to stop local Mounties from raiding pot dispensaries even as municipal staff study whether to regulate the illegal storefronts and the federal Liberals prepare to legalize the drug. The local RCMP detachment in the Vancouver Island city executed search warrants on Tuesday morning at three pot shops.
The Mounties said they received complaints from citizens that the stores sold to minors, had people on the street waving advertisements and sold or gave cannabis to people without legal medical prescriptions.
Almost three weeks earlier, the Mounties issued cease-and-desist notices to 10 dispensaries, giving them seven days to close or face possible charges.
Story continues below advertisement
Mayor Bill McKay said he has no say over the RCMP. Nanaimo contracts out local policing to the Mounties, which means the city does not have a board to set enforcement priorities.
"I don't know what their reasons were that they chose the ones they did," Mr. McKay said in an interview.
He said the federal government must "get off their keister" and issue guidelines for municipalities such as his, which are facing a boom in illegal sales.
He expects city staff to report to council after Christmas with recommendations on whether to introduce a bylaw covering pot shops. Vancouver passed rules to licence and regulate marijuana dispensaries this past June. Port Alberni and Victoria are considering doing the same.
"The mainstream medical profession are sorely lacking in knowledge [about the federal medical marijuana system]," Mr. McKay said. "The folks running the dispensaries are sorely lacking in credentials and doing the best they can on a trial-and-error basis. In the meantime, municipalities, patients and the RCMP are caught in the middle."
Until now, most of Canada's illegal marijuana dispensaries have been in Vancouver, where police have largely declined to intervene. Experts predict dozens more could open across the country before Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's pledge to legalize and regulate recreational sales becomes a reality, which could take two years or more.
The Liberals have yet to say what legalization will look like, but have pledged to create a provincial, territorial and federal task force to consult experts.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. McKay said he would rather patients using medical marijuana buy from local licensed grower Tilray, which once was Nanaimo's sixth-largest employer but had to lay off more than a quarter of its workers earlier this year because profits were less than expected. Tilray is among two dozen licensed producers that can ship medical marijuana to Canadian patients with doctors' prescriptions.
He said part of the problem is that Tilray and other commercial producers are still waiting on the federal government to allow them to sell the cannabis oils that patients get from dispensaries.
"This drug is regulated federally and I just wish the wheels in Ottawa would turn a whole bunch faster," Mr. McKay said.
Matt O'Donnell, spokesman for the Phoenix Pain Management Society, which was raided, said most of Nanaimo's dispensaries kept a minimal amount of product on site since the RCMP warning earlier this month, and he expects his business to reopen once the police tape comes down.
"We are taking the opinion that we have 1,200 members just in our society that need medicinal cannabis and we will continue to supply that to our patients," Mr. O'Donnell said.
Alex Robb, spokesman for the Victoria-based Trees dispensary chain, which has a store in Nanaimo that was among those raided, said in a news release that the Mounties' actions are out of step with "both scientific and public opinion."
Story continues below advertisement
"We do not believe that any of our employees will be convicted of any crime," his statement read.
In Vancouver, police have executed 11 search warrants at the city's pot dispensaries since 2012 for allegedly selling cannabis to teens or being linked to gangs such as the Hells Angels.
Rolaids recalls 13 million packages
Johnson & Johnson's McNeil unit is recalling more than 13 million packages of Rolaids after consumers complained of metal and wooden particles.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Johnson & Johnson's McNeil division announced a recall Thursday of more than 13 million packages of various Rolaids medicines following consumer complaints of foreign materials, including metal and wood particles.
McNeil Consumer Healthcare, which makes over-the-counter drugs such as Tylenol, Rolaids, and Benadryl, said it was recalling all lots of Rolaids Extra Strength Softchews, Rolaids Extra Strength plus Gas Softchews, and Rolaids Multi-Symptom plus Anti-Gas Softchews distributed in the United States.
This is the latest in a string of recalls this year by McNeil of other non-prescription drugs including Tylenol, Motrin, and Benadryl.
McNeil spokesman Marc Boston said the Rolaids recalls involve products that were made for McNeil by a third-party manufacturer.
The company said it has suspended production of the recalled medicines while it investigates the matter and subsequently implements corrective actions.
The Johnson & Johnson (JNJ, Fortune 500) unit said its investigation has determined that the materials were potentially introduced into the product during the manufacturing process.
McNeil said that while the risk of serious adverse health consequences is remote, it is advising consumers who have purchased these recalled products to discontinue use.
Consumers who purchased the recalled products should contact McNeil Consumer Healthcare, either at http://www.rolaids.com/ or by calling 1-888-222-6036 about receiving a refund.
The company said consumers who have medical concerns or questions should contact their health care provider.
Recently, I've seen many posts on Reddit and other forums about new players looking for advice. The answers vary and usually involve bumbling around many different websites, buying various product, ect. I'd like to take a quick detour on our typical subjects and go basic today on The Planeswalker's Apprentice.
For some of you this may be review or very simple but I'll go into the topic as if a player is 100% new to Magic: The Gathering. Now, before you do anything, you need to know bare-bones basics on what to expect from this game. Magic: The Gathering is a collectable card game that can be played in multiple ways with two players or more. Each player represents a powerful spellcaster called a Planeswalker and each card in their deck represents a spell or resource this spellcaster knows. Each match against an opponent is a random encounter between Planeswalkers, two magic wielding gunslingers if you will, both vying for supremacy in the showdown. The game is collectable and can become an expensive hobby since players attempt to get the best individual cards needed in order to strategically defeat their opponents. All the available cards have varied strengths and weaknesses and no two games, even with players playing identical decks, are ever played the same. Players are defeated in multiple ways, most commonly by going from 20 to 0 life.
Intrigued? Great! If you are interested in Magic: The Gathering it's because you most likely either saw Magic products in stores, saw people playing it and was curious or heard about it from a friend. Each one of these casual introductions offer a different path you should take to get involved in the game. Let's have a look…
A Little Help From My Friends
So you have friends that have been talking about Magic? Great! They are a valuable resource to pull from. Your friends will be your best supporters and teachers as you begin to learn about the game. They will also most likely be your best link to your card pool as many friends often give basic decks to newer players to learn from as well as trade cards with during their Magic careers. In my opinion this is the easiest way to learn how to play.
Curious from Afar
Let's say you have seen the colorful and artistic packs at a local retail store and were curious about the game. Chances are you may not know someone in your social circle that plays. You may have talked about the card game to friends or family and they have possibly even been curious about it. If you don't know anyone that plays your initial step into the game may be a bit of a shock.
My recommendation to you is to locate your nearest gaming store. Wizards of the Coast (the maker of Magic) makes this easy for you by offering a Store Locator. At these gaming venues, you can find like minded players, some that have been playing for many years and have a wealth of experience. You can also find cards for purchase as well as entire 60 card decks for sale. These stores are a great location to buy, trade and learn about the game from players that are more than willing to teach you the game of Magic. As you learn they also have more serious games where you can pit your deck against the best of the best for prizes. Soon this store will be the home of your hobby and you will make friends with fellow players and storekeepers alike.
A bit uneasy about meeting strangers? Have no fear, you have several options. If you are interested in getting your feet wet by virtual means, I suggest playing the most current version of the Duels of the Planewalkers , also known as DotP. This game will be able to tutor you in the basics of Magic without any embarrassment that may come for more shy players as you play the AI in duels. There is also Magic: The Gathering Online, or MTGO a more serious version of DotP where you can purchase your own decks from thousands of cards with real money and play actual players around the world. The learning curve is steeper on MTGO and there is no tutorial as you play. Each version is enjoyable.
Your First Deck Purchases
The first step in thinking about your first deck is to figure out what colors would suit you best as well as what strategy you would like to employ on your way to victory. I always recommend a two color deck for starters. Playing a two color deck provides more balance while learning and also teaches it's owner about deck building and strategy. I won't get into the characteristics of the Magic colors and deck strategy but you can in this past post.
Secondly, you must research a way to get a deck of these color combinations and this requires you to do a little homework. Decks can be built differently and beginner decks are no exception.
Preconstructed Theme Decks – This is my favorite way to make a beginner's deck. These decks can be purchased for under $15 and have an easy to learn strategy. usually, only 1 or 2 copies of a card can be found in these decks and the quickest and cheapest ways to strengthen the deck is to play it, remove what cards are poor or weak, buy a second copy of the the deck and combine the two. From there, singles can be purchased to focus the deck later.
Event Decks – Event Decks contain a fully playable deck for a low cost of $20. These decks contain more rares then a Theme Deck and have a good strategy beginners can learn to play with. Improving the deck comes in the form of purchasing singles.
Deckbuilder Tool Kits – These usually float in the $20 range. Inside you get a few packs of random cards and some common staples. A deck can be made from the cards inside but they will vary in strength based on the randomness of the packs. Only go this route if you want to make a deck from bare bones and plan on building slowly while you learn.
Singles – This is the most difficult route to build as a beginner. Research is needed as well as chasing down singles. You will get virtually no play time till your whole deck is purchased.I do not recommend this as your beginner deck plan.
My early recommendation to you is do not rely on packs. They are exciting to open but the only good they do for you is build the amount of random cards you have. Rarely will you be able to luck up and get a card you need for a deck and even more rarely will you get your hands on something worth trading off. Spend your money wisely on singles that you know you need, both in commons or specific rares to make your deck better. Your wallet will thank you.
By following these simple steps, my hope is for you to find your spark and enter the world of Magic: the Gathering. I'll see you soon on the other side of the table.
Aiokii has been teaching people how to play Magic for over 20 years. Contact him at https://twitter.com/TheAiokii , Facebook https://www.facebook.com/thepaperchampionblog or post in the comments below. Check out http://www.reddit.com/r/budgetdecks/, for Magic: The Gathering on a budget discussion.
Advertisements
Lotte Center Hanoi is a skyscraper in Ba Đình, Hanoi, Vietnam. Completed on 2 September 2014, the tower has 65 floors.[2] The center features a modern architectural style designed by Callison, an American company. This tower is the second tallest building in Hanoi after the Keangnam Hanoi Landmark Tower in Cau Giay district. Lotte Center Hanoi includes offices, a 5-star hotel, a 6th floor Lotte Department Store, serviced residences, the Evian Spa, the Lotte Mart, restaurants and an observation deck.
Elevators [ edit ]
The center contains 30 elevators that travel at 360m/min or 6 m/s.[citation needed]
Observation deck [ edit ]
There is an observation deck on the 65th floor named Top of Hanoi. It has a small shop which sells drinks and snacks.[citation needed]
Trip to the rooftop [ edit ]
At 65th floor the Lotte Center Building, there is a separate lift that takes visitors up two more floors. The 67th floor is thus denoted "PH" because it is the top floor. After exiting the elevator, there is a short set of stairs that takes visitors up to the highest floor of the building, this level is the top of the building and thus has no roof. At the rooftop there is a bar and a mini restaurant.[3]
A netizen finds her Facebook post taken down and her profile reported after complaining about being catcalled
Published 6:49 PM, June 02, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – A day after Facebook took down a journalist's anti-Marcos post, another netizen also found her post taken down on the social network – this time after she complained about being the victim of catcalling.
On Thursday, June 2, Tamara de Jesus wrote a Facebook post narrating how she was catcalled by a group of men. After berating them for harassing her, De Jesus said she was surprised when one of the catcallers told her she should be flattered.
The catcaller also cited the example of president-elect Rodrigo Duterte, who had catcalled and whistled at a GMA-7 reporter during a press conference in Davao City on Tuesday.
Duterte has since drawn flak for the move – which, under an ordinance in his own city, is considered sexual harassment.
"I still said it's harassment and just because Dudirty (Duterte) does it, doesn't mean they should. Then as I was walking away, kuya jejemonster two actually screamed, 'Sarap mong pa-rape. Hindi makuha sa joke.' Then they proceeded to laugh," she wrote.
De Jesus then made a critical comment referring to Duterte's action.
"I'm not saying this as a blanket statement to all his supporters...but quite honestly: if you set up an example that throwing around chauvinistic behavior and misplaced machismo is correct, then of course a lot of peope will think it's okay. That everything, as long as it's said jokingly, is okay," she wrote.
On Thursday afternoon, De Jesus wrote a follow-up post to say that her post had been deleted, and that she had been unable to log on to her account because her Facebook profile was reported.
She also said she received hate mail for narrating her personal experience, with some commenters accusing her of posting propaganda, while others chose to attack her looks.
"The majority of the hate mail concentrated on the fact that I am fat and that I 'did it all for attention.' That I am an 'ilusyunada' because people will never catcall me because of how I look. That what I posted on my profile was black propaganda. That I was brainwashed by Yellow enough to not see Red. That no one will ever think of raping me because I am fat. That I have no right to say "Dudirty" when in fact, I am a pig (who is dirtier than dirt)," she wrote.
What disappointed her more, she added, was that most of the hate mail came from women.
De Jesus also said that her post was not a direct attack on Duterte.
"What is this world I'm living in? I'm living in a world wherein you're attacked violently for something you experienced. I'm not targeting your president here, it was merely a statement on how influence begets action. Again: monkey see, monkey do," she wrote.
This isn't the first time Facebook has taken down posts critical of politicians. On Wednesday, the social network also took down a post by TV5 anchor Ed Lingao, where he criticized Duterte's plan to allow the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos to be buried at the Heroes' Cemetery.
Lingao said another post – where he compiled the hate comments he got on his original post – was also deleted. He was also blocked from posting on his account for at least 24 hours.
On Thursday, Lingao said Facebook had lifted its ban on his account, and reinstated his second post, which, the site explained, was deleted by accident.
Facebook's community standards list down the kinds of posts that are not allowed on the website, including hate speech, bullying and harassment, threats, violence and graphic content, among others.
Facebook users may report posts which violate these standards, and the social network's content reviewers may remove these posts.
But Facebook said that the number of reports on a particular post "does not impact whether something will be removed," and added that it does not remove content "simply because it has been reported a number of times." – Katerina Francisco/Rappler.com
River & Sky Festival director Peter Zwarich says he thinks he knows the appeal behind the northern Ontario summer music event.
"At one point, everyone's gone on a camping trip in their younger days and wanted the whole world to be there," Zwarich said.
"That's where the festivities are born out of," he said. "Camp culture, campfires, staying up all night, playing music with your neighbours. That connection to land and water."
In a CBC Morning North interview, Zwarich announced four headliners for the July 20-23 festival on the Sturgeon River.
He said the four-day event kicks off with Wintersleep headlining Thursday night.
"At this point, Wintersleep is a Canadian icon, a real powerhouse band," he said. "We're hoping like last year with Hey, Rosetta, people check it out for one night, and hopefully we tempt them into a full weekend pass next year."
Friday night Timber Timbre brings its haunted folk sound to the stage.
"Timber Timbre's sound will fill the space at Fisher's Paradise that weekend," Zwarich said.
Toronto rockers PUP follow-on Saturday night, and Zwarich thinks the band will provide a "high energy...roof-lifting experience."
"It's almost anthemic," Zwarich said of PUP's music. "We'll be hearing a young crowd singing back."
"Sunday will be a little more laid back," Zwarich said. "We want to send people off on a happy note."
River & Sky closes out with Weaves, a jazz-driven band from Toronto that has been drawing attention since their Juno Award nomination for alternative album of the year.
"It's like a new folk [music]," Zwarich said "it ranges from spoken word to strong vocals. It's a very interesting band."
Zwarich said the earlier-than usual release of the headliners is to give people a "lay of the land" of this year's festival.
"I think people like to plan their summer in the winter. Gives them something to hang onto," he said.
Zwarich estimates about 25 per cent of the 500 weekend passes are already sold.
He said he plans to announce more bands who will be performing through social media.
For more information on the River & Sky Festival, visit their website.
Beyoncé and Bruno Mars are rumored to be performing with Coldplay at the upcoming Super Bowl 50 halftime show.
The 34-year-old "Crazy in Love" singer and 30-year-old "Uptown Funk" hit maker both are in talks to make appearances during the presentation, according to Consequence of Sound.
A formal announcement is expected soon to confirm all the artists performing at the event.
Beyoncé seems to be an obvious pick for the show, especially since she's featured on Coldplay's new track "Hymn for the Weekend," from their recently released album "A Head Full of Dreams."
Mars, who is the curator of this year's presentation, was the featured performer in 2014, while Beyoncé performed the year before that. Katy Perry was last year's special guest performer.
"It's the greatest moment of our band's life," Coldplay frontman Chris Martin says in a one-minute promotional video released Thursday. "We're going to give it everything we have."
In the video, fans can also see the band, comprised of Martin, guitarist Jonny Buckland, bassist Guy Berryman and drummer Will Champion, behind the scenes, sitting at a table discussing the details of their halftime performance.
"Now that you mention it, now I'm really, really nervous," Martin admits in the video.
Super Bowl 50 will take place Sunday, Feb. 7 at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California.
Coldplay released their seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams," on Friday, Dec. 4. The album has produced the single "Adventure of a Lifetime" so far. It is the group's follow-up to 2014's "Ghost Stories," which produced the singles "Magic," "Midnight," "A Sky Full of Stars," "True Love" and "Ink." Other special guests to make appearances on the new album besides Beyoncé include a clip of President Barack Obama singing "Amazing Grace" at Clementa C. Pinckney's funeral and Beyoncé's daughter Blue Ivy singing in a choir.
Slow Cooker Chicken Curry Recipe
Slow Cooker Chicken Curry Recipes are one of the most popular in the whole world. Now we give you an awesome recipe name Slow cooker chicken curry. It is very easy to prepare and you can prepare it wihin short time. We hope that you can try this at home. And enjoy with your family members. Le ts see how you prepare Slow cooker chicken Curry.
Ingredients For Slow Cooker Chicken Curry:
Two pounds fresh chicken breasts and cut into bite-size pieces.
Six ounce tomato paste.
5 ounce coconut milk.
One small onion, chopped for one cup.
Two cups of frozen peas
5 ounce tomato sauce
Two large cloves of garlic minced.
Three tablespoons honey.
Two tablespoons curry powder.
One teaspoon salt.
One teaspoon red pepper.
Directions For Slow Cooker Chicken Curry:
Place in a large bowl Mix tomato sauce, garlic, honey, and seasonings. Set apart. Add the rest of the ingredients to your cooker. Cover with the tomato Sauce together. Cook on low Eight hours.
How To Freeze Slow Cooker Chicken Curry:
Combine all of the ingredients in a very gallon-sized deep freezer bag and freeze for up to a few months (3 month).When able to cook, thaw long in your refrigerator and cook in your slow cooker for 8hours on low. Since the Slow cookware Chicken Curry cooks for the 1st time in your slow cooker.It won't style like leftovers.Serve with white or rice, and enjoy.
Summary Recipe Name Slow Cooker Chicken Curry Recipe Published On 2016-02-23 Preparation Time 20 m Cook Time 8 h Total Time 8 h 20 m Average Rating 5 3 Review(s) Based onReview(s)
Chelsea have not made contact with Bayer Leverkusen regarding a possible move for Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez, according to an ESPN Mexico source.
ESPN FC sources reported Monday that Jose Mourinho's side was in the hunt for a "proven goal-scorer" and that El Tri international Hernandez was one of several possible targets Chelsea are assessing.
However, the ESPN Mexico source, with close connections to Hernandez's current team Leverkusen, insisted there had been no contact between the the two clubs.
"There hasn't been any communication with any club about Chicharito that hasn't been Bayer 04 [Leverkusen]," said the source, who wished to remain anonymous.
It is unlikely Bayer would even consider letting Hernandez go. The Mexico international, who just signed for Bayer from Manchester United on the last day of the transfer window in August, has quickly settled into life in the Bundesliga.
Hernandez, 27, has nine goals for the club since the start of October and is arguably the hottest striker in Europe at present.
Former Chivas player Hernandez is currently with the Mexico squad preparing for Friday's World Cup qualifier in Estadio Azteca against El Salvador and is honing in on becoming his country's highest-ever goal-scorer.
Six Americans have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, Fox News confirms.
One person on board the aircraft was injured and survived, two U.S. defense officials told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the record.
In Washington, an official originally said the helicopter had experienced engine failure before the crash, but later said that it was unclear whether that was the case.
The service members were part of the International Security Assistance Force.
NATO says there is currently no fighting in the area.
"The cause of the crash is under investigation, however initial reporting indicates there was no enemy activity in the area at the time," a NATO statement said.
The deputy governor of southern Zabul province, Mohammad Jan Rasoolyar, said a NATO helicopter crashed in the remote district of Shajau and U.S. officials later confirmed that Zabul was the location of the U.S. crash.
According to Reuters, the incident is the largest death toll to hit the international force in months.
Aircraft crashes are not uncommon in Afghanistan.
The worst such incident was in August 2011, when the Taliban shot down a transport helicopter, killing all 38 people on board including 25 U.S. special operations forces, Reuters reported.
About 84,000 NATO-led troops are serving in Afghanistan, including about 60,000 from the U.S. That number is expected to be reduced to about 10,000 by 2015, the report said.
This year, 109 members of the U.S. military have died in Afghanistan, out of a total of 139 members of the coalition.
The death toll has dropped significantly since the coalition handed over responsibility for security to Afghan forces last summer and coalition troops are now training and assisting.
By comparison, 394 foreign troops died last year, including 297 Americans.
Fox News' Conor Powell and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from Reuters.
Watch video 02:04 Share Population drop Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/18hpr German census shows smaller population
Roderich Egeler
Berlin
The figures were unveiled by, the president of the Federal Statistical Office, at a press conference inon Friday.
Prior to the new census, which used data from surveys conducted in the weeks leading up to a deadline in May 2011, German authorities had utilized projections based on studies conducted in the former West and East Germanys prior to reunification in 1990.
The last census in the Federal Republic of Germany, or West Germany, was conducted in 1987, while the last such survey conducted in the German Democratic Republic or communist East Germany dated back to 1981. The projections derived from these figures were thought over time to have become increasingly erroneous.
One-in-five with migrant backgrounds
Egeler also highlighted the number of people of foreign origin living in Germany at Friday's press conference.
A total of 15 million people or 19 percent of the population of Germany in May 2011 were persons with "migrant backgrounds."
This definition applies to a resident who has entered the territory that now makes up the reunited Germany after 1955 or who has at least one parent who did so since then.
Just under 6.2 million inhabitants, or 7.7 percent of the population, had foreign nationality in 2011.
Among Germany's 16 regional states or Länder, Hamburg had the highest percentage of people with migrant backgrounds, with 27.5 percent falling into this category.
In each of the five eastern states of what was the former communist East Germany this figure is below five percent.
Implications for electorates
While the eagerly awaited figures will have satisfied the curiosity of both the media and the general public, they can also have serious implications for how reunited Germany is governed.
Census figures that demonstrate population shifts can lead to changes in transfer payments between the federal government, the states and municipalities, reflecting increases or decreases in the number of people living in any given jurisdiction.
Fresh statistics can also be used to redraw the boundaries of electoral districts in an effort to make voting more fair after population shifts.
pfd/ipj (dpa, epd)
Just like my previous posts on the Prologue in the 1-10 Starter Planets and the Capital Planets, I want to continue to analyze and rank the stories in SWTOR by its natural divisions. Each story has the Prologue and three Chapters. Today, we will look at Chapter One.
I will give my ranking first, then I will fully explain my position with potential spoilers, so if you just want to see what I think, don't go past the big spoiler text. Feel free to comment on all of the rankings and provide your own if you want! Be sure to add your reasoning as well! Also stay tuned for more rankings of the additional parts, as well as the ultimate story ranking at the end! Which class will win?
Here is my ranking. They are also links in case you only want to read my analysis of certain classes. Be careful while scrolling!
**SPOILERS AHEAD**
Trooper
Rating: 9/10
Reason: Chapter One for the Trooper is a fun, action-packed story, and it basically follows through on your promise to track down traitors. You go up against each of the defectors one-by-one and eliminate them and their plans. You also meet two more members of your crew, Elara Dorne and M1-4X (Forex). These two characters are really funny and quirky. Forex is especially humorous, and in fact is one of my favorite companions in the entire game. Because of the satisfying, but straightforward story, it is a 9/10 for me. For the Republic!
Inquisitor
Rating: 9/10
Reason: The Inquisitor story for me was pretty straightforward all through Chapter One. You find some relics, meet some pirates, gather a cult on Nar Shaddaa. Pretty fun and very Sith Lord-ish. It was the end of Chapter One that blew my mind. Honestly, it was a 7/10 until the end of Chapter One. It quickly jumped to 9/10 for the ending.
Agent
Rating: 10/10
Reason: Again, like the previous sections, the Agent delivers the strong and vibrant storytelling that SWTOR promises. One-by-one you go to each planet and infiltrate and destroy each terrorist cell. I think that it would be boring, if each cell weren't so different. It is kind of like Burn Notice, where the plot of each episode basically comes down to “Michael makes progress in his larger situation with the CIA that burned him, while taking on a small job to pay the bills. Gadgets are rigged from everyday objects, Sam drinks too much, and Fiona gleefully blows something up.” It is almost the same plot, but the details are what make it interesting. In this case, unlike some others in SWTOR that didn't work so well, this approach actually makes for an episodic feel of a spy story. Finally, the end of Chapter One offers one of the bigger twists and THE biggest decision I have ever made in ANY of the stories. I actually pondered it. I couldn't make the decision easily, because no one could in my character's position. Very, VERY well done.
Bounty Hunter
Rating: 9/10
Reason: The Bounty Hunter story in Chapter One has some good twists, entertaining companions, and overall, a somewhat satisfying ending. You finally track down and murder your greatest enemy and win the Great Hunt, which while satisfying, is exactly what you'd expect from the get-go. You also kill your first Jedi Master, which gives the mystique and awesomeness that comes with being a Bounty Hunter. You are a Jedi-killer. That's just awesome!
Smuggler
Rating: 9/10
Reason: The Smuggler wraps up Chapter One in a very interesting way. There is an interesting plot twist at the end, which makes one of your companions especially interesting. Also, you finally catch up with that jerk-face Skavak and shoot him (YAY!). Again, the details about this class, not necessarily the major story points, are what make the Smuggler worth playing. All of the lines are hilarious. The situations with Skavak's ex-girlfriends are ridiculous and humorous. Your companions are quirky and fun. Add in the absolute hilarity of trying to simultaneously flirt with a Jedi and a Sith, and you have what the Smuggler story is about. Overall, a rambunctiously good time.
Warrior
Rating: 7/10
Reason: Overall, a good story, and the last few scenes in Chapter One are compelling to say the least. The planets leading up to it are somewhat dry, but only because you are still a lapdog of Baras, a.k.a. the single-most annoying, rotund, spherical toaster this side of the Death Star. I don't know why it irritated me so much to be part of his lackeys, but it did. I understand that the story is setting up the further Chapters, but that doesn't really excuse the lack of emotion present in Chapter One. The final scenes save Chapter One for me, raising it to a 7/10.
Knight
Rating: 7/10
Reason: The theme for the Jedi Knight Chapter One story is “superweapon.” Basically, in this tired plot of Bioware's, there are dozens of superweapons in practically all of the class stories and world arcs providing impetus to everyone to get stuff done. One could argue that out of three of the original Star Wars movies, two of them had superweapons, but I would say that was simply the same weapon with different attempts. I will admit that superweapons have been a focus for a while in Star Wars, but come on. Death Mark, Shock Drum, Planet Prison, and even later in Chapter Two, Null Cannon. Too many superweapons. The only saving grace is Kira's background and involvement in this part of the story. It is fascinating how she interacts with your enemy at the end of Chapter One. This brings the story back to a 7/10 in my book.
Consular
Rating: 8/10
Reason: I actually really liked Chapter One of the Consular story. Once I got past the horribleness that is the Prologue, this chapter made up for it with an interesting series of treatments of Jedi gone mad. All the time, you are searching for the perpetrator of the whole thing. It is much improved from the Prologue. The end has one of the more climactic choices. In fact, it was the only other one besides the Agent where I didn't immediately know what to do. You also receive one of the coolest titles in the game at the end of Chapter One. Overall, a great improvement on previous parts.
Check back next time for my analysis of Chapter Two!
Advertisements
AMD's Ryzen 7 and Ryzen 5 processors have already punched holes in Intel's product lines. The Ryzen 5 1600X is a six-core / 12-thread CPU at $250, compared with over $400 for its Intel counterpart, and the eight-core, 16-thread Ryzen 7 1800X ($500) compares well with Intel's Core i7-6900K at $1,100. AMD's financial analyst day yesterday wasn't just a discussion of data center and deep learning workloads — enthusiasts got some serious love as well.
Now, AMD is prepping a new, workstation-class CPU to take Intel on at the top of its market. Ryzen Threadripper will debut on an all-new motherboard platform with support for up to 16 cores, 32 threads, four memory channels, and (we suspect) a price point that'll give Intel heartburn once again. In fact, some of the rumors we've heard about Skylake-X, such as Intel's rumored 12-core Core i9, make sense if evaluated against Threadripper and AMD's competitive positioning at this price point.
With that said, AMD is probably going to play with luxury pricing a bit more this time around. Desktop users who need 32 threads of CPU performance are few and far between, and the workstation users who can make use of a chip like this are more likely to have deep pockets. This also isn't going to be a gaming play — or at least, not primarily a gaming play. Rumors also suggest a 3.1GHz base clock and 3.6GHz boost with a 150W TDP. That's pretty reasonable for a 16-core chip, and while we're not confirming that clock speed, anything from 2.8GHz – 3.2GHz base clock would be reasonable. AMD's SenseMI technology may give the company more freedom to turbo boost the core depending on how many threads are in any given workload.
The days of paying $1,800 for a ten-core CPU are numbered. Beyond that, we'll have to wait and see how everything lands, and what the capabilities of this new high-end enthusiast platform are. Chips like the Threadripper are important primarily as halo products — they may not sell in large quantities, but they demonstrate the capabilities of the platform and set consumer expectations for what lower-end hardware can provide.
From that perspective, AMD's decision to make a play for the highest end of the market is noteworthy for what it reveals about the company's self-perception. When AMD revived the FX brand for its Bulldozer processors, its marketing department was writing checks that the engineers couldn't cash. Now, AMD is aggressively taking a leadership position in defining what kind of CPU performance consumers will be able to buy at a given price point. Intel will answer that challenge — if there's one thing you can count on, it's that Intel won't sit back and risk AMD impinging on its data center and enthusiast gaming markets without a fight. But at least for now, AMD is enthusiastically taking the lead.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: I have three children ages 14, 13 and 9, all very active. Between my husband and I both working full-time and getting all three children to where they need to be, we hardly have a spare moment.
About four years ago, my parents decided to move to be "close" to us. Naturally I was very excited and could not wait to have them here.
However, now that they are here, we see them less than we did when they lived out of town.
We invite them to every activity the children have, but they always have an excuse not to come. Finally we determined that the real reason was that they just weren't interested in the types of events that we were inviting them to.
I am resentful and sometimes cannot keep from being a little short when I do speak to them. If I say something about it to them, they turn it around on me and say that we never come to see them or make time for them, and that we are just too busy.
I just don't understand how they can expect us to come and sit at their house, when we rarely have time to "sit" at our own! Any night of the week, at least one of our children has some type of activity to participate in.
We have made it clear that we would love for them to be more of a part of our everyday lives; however, they do not seem interested, and almost seem angry that we don't make time for them.
Am I being unreasonable? I feel like this time in my life is all about keeping my children as involved with activities as I can. I enjoy watching them, and just can't seem to get my parents to realize this.
GENTLE READER: As impossible as it may be for you to imagine, perhaps your parents' idea of spending time with you and their grandchildren does not include shuttling around to their various activities. Would you be eager to observe their book club or watch them take an exercise class?
You find it an imposition to sit at their house -- or what Miss Manners would call socializing -- yet are insulted that they don't consider standing on the sidelines as being "close" to their grandchildren.
An occasional dance recital or pivotal sports game may be entertaining, but it is a lot to ask, even from a loving grandparent, solely to watch the children, rather than interact with them.
The constant bustle that you describe hardly sounds sociable or relaxing. And it's probably not what your parents imagined when they decided to move across the country in order to be close to you. You might consider that developing family bonds is an extremely worthwhile activity for your children.
Ukraine's parliament voted Thursday to give the government powers to impose a trade embargo against Russia, which would suspend a free trade zone with Ukraine from the beginning of next month.
“The cabinet of ministers will introduce similar restrictive measures against the Russian Federation. We will protect Ukraine's domestic market,” Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk announced Thursday.
Kyiv's decision to suspend trade is a counter-move to Moscow's announcement Monday for a food embargo against Ukraine, which is to begin January 1. Moscow says Ukraine's free trade pact with Brussels, which comes into force next month, could lead to a flood of European imports into Russia, making its exports to Ukraine less competitive.
The law, supported by 291 of parliament's 420 lawmakers, comes into effect when it is signed by the president.
Russian President Vladimir Putin last week ordered trade with its neighbors to be suspended in a decree which cited “extraordinary circumstances affecting the interests and economic security” of Russia.
Following the announcement, Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko said he regretted Russia's decision to end preferential trade with Kyiv, but was “ready to pay the price” for the EU trade accord.
Ukraine estimates the trade war with Moscow could cost upwards of $600 million (548.6 million euros) next year or about 0.6 percent of its trade turnover.
The EU-Ukraine trade deal was the initial trigger for unrest that culminated in the ousting of former Russia-allied President Victor Yanukovych in 2014. Russia then annexed Crimea and backed a separatist revolt in eastern Ukraine.
jlw/jil (AFP, Reuters)
Interior Paint Calculator This handy calculator will help you estimate the amount of paint you will need to paint an interior room -- including all the trim. If you plan on applying a primer coat or multiple finish coats, multiply the results accordingly.
Enter the dimensions of your room: Feet Inches Room Length Room Width Room Height Height of baseboard How Many? Width of Trim (inches) Height (inches) Width (inches) Doors Windows Square feet per gallon TOTALS Paint for Walls Gallons (4 quarts per gallon) Paint for Ceiling Gallons (4 quarts per gallon) Paint for Trim Quarts
Notice: This calculator is designed to help you calculate a rough estimate of the amount of paint you will need for your project. You should double-check your assumptions and measurements and consult a professional at your local paint retail outlet to determine your exact needs.
The daughter of an LAPD sergeant pleaded not guilty to felony hit-and-run and perjury charges, and one misdemeanor vehicular manslaughter charge Wednesday.
Gardena resident Vaness Yanez, 23, was arraigned Wednesday in Los Angeles County Superior Court in Torrance.
Yanez allegedly collided with a bicyclist on June 26 on El Segundo Boulevard in Gardena, and left the scene, then reported her vehicle stolen the next day, according to the L.A. County District Attorney's Office.
Jesse Dotson, 60, died from injuries sustained in the crash. He was biking to work at the U.S. Postal Service.
If convicted, Yanez could be sentenced to six years in prison.
The case remains under investigation by Gardena Police.
Eyewitness News learned that Yanez's father, a Los Angeles Police Department sergeant, also become part of the investigation.
In a heated on-camera confrontation, LAPD Sgt. Arturo Yanez was angry after Eyewitness News filmed his daughter leaving the Gardena Police Department after being booked on felony charges in connection to the hit-and-run.
Gardena investigators say a Huntington Park police officer tipped them off after seeing the story on Eyewitness News, just after Vanessa Yanez had filed a report with that department that her car had been stolen.
Authorities found Yanez's severely damaged car with a shattered front windshield at the Gardena home she shares with her family, including her father.
A laboratory assistant for the Dutch food safety board carries out tests on eggs on August 1, 2017 (AFP Photo/Piroschka van de Wouw)
Brussels (AFP) - Belgian officials admitted Saturday they knew in early June there was a potential problem over insecticide-contaminated eggs but kept it secret because of an ongoing fraud investigation.
"We knew since early June there was potentially a problem with fipronil in the poultry sector," Katrien Stragier, a spokeswoman for Belgium's food safety agency (AFSCA), told Flemish television VRT.
"We immediately launched an investigation and we also informed the prosecutor because it was a matter of possible fraud," she added.
"From that point on the secrecy of the inquiry took precedent. We understand that people have questions about public health and we are trying to answer them," she added.
Contacted by AFP over the past few days, the prosecutor in Antwerp handling the case refused to give out any information on the specific orders of the investigating judge.
Belgian supermarkets have cleared eggs from the shelves of supermarkets as a precautionary measure while awaiting the results of tests.
In Germany and the Netherlands several million eggs from Dutch farms have already been recalled.
German Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt pressed the authorities, particularly in Belgium and The Netherlands, to clear up the situation.
"Someone has clearly proceeded with criminal intent to contaminate (the eggs) with a banned product," Schmidt told the daily Bild.
Dutch officials closed down 180 businesses earlier in the week and after tests, the Dutch food authority (NVWA) said 138 poultry farms -- about a fifth of those in the country -- would remain closed.
One batch of eggs posing in particular posed "an acute danger to public health", the agency said.
Eggs from another 59 farms contained high enough levels of the insecticide, fipronil, for the food authority to warn against any children eating them.
Fipronil is commonly used in veterinary products to get rid of fleas, lice and ticks. It is banned from being used to treat animals destined for human consumption, such as chickens.
In large quantities, the insecticide is considered to be "moderately hazardous" according to the World Health Organization, and can have dangerous effects on people's kidneys, liver and thyroid glands.
Here comes Offbeatr, the Kickstarter for porn: Why you should take a look
Smartwatches, game consoles and… porn movies? Crowdfunding will officially enter the world of adult entertainment Thursday with the launch of Offbeatr, the first Kickstarter-like site for triple-X fare. The site is most definitely not safe for work; but anyone interested in Kickstarter and crowdfunding (and over the age of 18, obviously) should take notice anyway, because Offbeatr may just have figured out a few ways to deal with some of crowdfunding's pitfalls.
The basic idea behind Offbeatr is simple, and may sound familiar to anyone who has ever visited Kickstarter. Creators of adult-themed movies, books, art installations and similar fare can post their projects on the site, complete with a funding goal. Users can then pledge donations and will only be charged if a project is completely funded.
Advertisement
Still, there are a few key differences from Kickstarter. First of all, projects have to be approved to raise funds on the site. Creators post their projects on the site, and the Offbeatr team will then select the more serious proposals. However, it also uses crowdsourcing for curation, as the site's co-founder and CEO Ben Tao explained in the launch press release:
“We realized we might miss projects that have a supportive community. Putting in a public voting phase helps identify good projects we might have missed and gives project creators feedback to improve their projects so they can be successful.”
That's a really interesting idea, and one that might help a site like Kickstarter to improve its success rate. Currently, around 44 percent of all Kickstarter projects successfully secure funding on the site. A voting phase before the actual fundraising begins could help creators to fine-tune their campaigns and improve their odds.
But that's not all: Offbeatr is also allowing creators to sell digital content on the site, regardless of whether they're achieving their goal or not. This can help creators secure some bridge funding even if they fall short of their goal, and it could also turn a site like Kickstarter from a one-off crowdfunding platform into something more like a digital marketplace. Imagine, for example, a digital photo magazine that sells back issues through the site, and then asks readers to commit to the funding of the next issue.
Of course, there's no guarantee that either the sale of digital downloads or the voting mechanism will make for a better crowdfunding experience, but it's worth a try – and Kickstarter and its competitors should watch Offbeatr closely.
Offbeatr was launched by Extra Lunch Money, a Los Angeles based adult entertainment startup that also runs what it calls the “social adult marketplace” of the same name. Extralunchmoney.com (also not safe for work) launched in April 2011, and has since attracted 11,000 registered users, including several thousand verified sellers, according to Tao. The company consists of a team of five and is completely bootstrapped.
Image courtesy of Flickr user Rob Boudon.
Terrelle Pryor will be the man under center when the Oakland Raiders open their season Sunday against the Indianapolis Colts.
It's a decision that speaks volumes about the Raiders' current state. Pryor has little experience and clear deficiencies in his game. Perhaps unsurprisingly, this hasn't escaped the notice of people inside the Raiders' building.
During a Wednesday appearance on NFL Network's "NFL Total Access," NFL.com's Michael Silver said there's "a lot of skepticism" about Pryor being the starting quarterback in Oakland. According to Silver, Pryor has an ally in Raiders owner Mark Davis, who would like to see what the third-year pro can do.
Pryor was Al Davis' final draft pick before the late owner's passing in October 2011. Would it be surprising if Al's voice still was a deciding factor in Oakland?
Pryor won the starting job almost by default. Matt Flynn was unimpressive before being sidelined by another elbow injury. Rookie Tyler Wilson stumbled all the way to the practice squad. Rookie Matt McGloin isn't an option.
Or is he? According to Silver, there are voices in the organization who believe McGloin gives the Raiders the best chance to win.
McGloin, we'll remind you, is an undrafted, completely unheralded, rookie. These are dark days, even by Black Hole standards.
The " Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
Argentina are considered a major favorite to win this year's Copa America, South America's top national team tournament put on by CONMEBOL, and both of Napoli's players from that country are set to take part in that run for the title. Both striker Gonzalo Higuain and goalkeeper Mariano Andujar have been called in by Gerard Martino for the Argentina squad, and both will be eager to help their country win their 15th Copa America crown, tying them with Uruguay for the most in history.
Higuain gets the nod after 26 all-competitions goals for Napoli in 50 matches this season, though he's been fairly quiet in the last couple months of the campaign. Still, he belongs in the side on talent alone, even if he's not always a locked-on starter for Argentina as Martino and previous managers have experimented with different shapes and tactics that he doesn't always fit. Higuain will be eager to erase the bad taste of the World Cup Final last year, though, which saw the striker struggle badly in front of goal, and to some extent set the tone for his club season.
Pipita has scored 23 goals in 47 international appearances for Argentina in his career, a very healthy total that the 27 year old will be eager to add to over the several weeks of the tournament. Even if he doesn't start every match, Higuain will play a big role for Argentina, and he'll have the opportunity to have some big moments in Chile.
Andujar gets the nod as one of the backup goalkeepers for Argentina, re-securing his place in the side after spending much of the second half of Napoli's season as the starter. He was wildly inconsistent in goal for the partenopei, however, so Argentina fans will be hoping that he leaves that form in Italy if he's called in to action at all during the tournament.
There are five other players from Serie A in the Argentina squad, including Carlos Tevez (Juventus), Roberto Pereyra (Juventus), Sergio Romero (Sampdoria), Facundo Roncaglia (Fiorentina), and Lucas Biglia (Lazio). Despite much theory that there would be a place for one of Argentina's striking starlets from Serie A, neither Mauro Icardi nor Paulo Dybala were named in the final 23-man squad.
Argentina's first match of the tournament will be on June 13 against Paraguay. The other two teams with them in Group B are Uruguay and CONCACAF invitee Jamaica.
For years, we have been graced with consumer electronics that run some form of Linux, have a serial port on the circuit board somewhere, and are able to be upgraded through official and unofficial means. That digital picture frame you got for Christmas in 2007 and forgot to regift in 2008? That's a computer, and it would make a wonderful Twitter feed display. Your old Linksys WRT54G router? You can make a robotic lawnmower out of that thing. The ability to modify the firmware of consumer electronics is the cornerstone of Hackaday's editorial prerogative. Now that right we have all enjoyed is in jeopardy, thanks to regulations from the FCC and laziness from router manufacturers.
Several months ago, the FCC proposed a rule that governed the certification of RF equipment, specifically wireless routers. This regulation would require router manufacturers to implement security on the radio modules inside these routers. While these regulations only covered the U-NII bands – the portion of the spectrum used for 5GHz WiFi, and there was no expectation of implementing security on the CPU or operating system of these routers, there were concerns. Routers are built around a System on Chip, with the CPU and radio in a single package. The easiest way to prevent modification of the radio module would be to prevent modification to the entire router. Some would call it fear mongering, but there was an expectation these proposed FCC rules would inevitably lead to wireless routers being completely locked down.
These expectations have become reality. Libre Planet has received confirmation from a large router manufacturer that firmware is now being locked down thanks to FCC rule changes.
News of this change to router firmware comes from a Battlemesh mailing list, a contest centered around modifying WiFi routers for mesh networking and ad-hoc networks. According to a customer service rep, TP-Link has locked down the firmware for several models of WiFi routers due to the new FCC rule change. The models affected include the most recent 802.11n from TP-Link, and there is no way to use other firmware on these routers.
The controversy surrounding the FCC's rule change has ebbed and flowed over the last several months, with the most recent chapter in the story coming from [Julias Knapp], chief of the FCC's Office of Engineering and Technology. The FCC took note of the comments for the proposed rule and removed mentions of third-party Open Source firmware being disallowed on wireless devices.
Now, it seems, router manufacturers are continuing on with the easiest implementation of the new FCC rules.
The troublesome issue with the FCC's latest rules governing radio output power on the 5GHz band was never serious. The issue only concerned the radio module itself, and not the entire router. Changes to firmware that would allow routers to comply with the FCC's decision could be implemented without an outright banning of third-party firmware. However, because of the architecture of most consumer routers, and the fact that banning third-party firmware was the easiest way to comply with FCC rules, we're in a pretty big mess.
This isn't malice on behalf of the FCC or TP-Link; this is the product of doing what is required with the least amount of effort. TP-Link must limit transmit power on the 5GHz band, and locked firmware is the simplest way to do that. It's a sad state of affairs, but custom firmware will eventually be loaded onto these routers; it's just a little harder now and slightly more absurd.
Image caption Field Marshal Tantawi shook the hand of the new Egyptian president after saluting him
Mohammed Mursi has been sworn in as Egypt's first civilian, democratically elected president at a historic ceremony in Cairo.
Hours after the ceremony, he was saluted by Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi, leader of the military council which is handing over power.
Mr Mursi has promised to restore the parliament dissolved by the military.
In a speech at Cairo University, the Muslim Brotherhood politician said the army must respect the people's will.
He will have to sort out a very difficult relationship with an entrenched military, regional analyst Magdi Abdelhadi says.
The regime of former President Hosni Mubarak is still largely intact and many in it will not work with the new president, he adds.
Overthrown in February last year after mass pro-democracy demonstrations, Mubarak was sentenced to life imprisonment at the beginning of this month for failing to prevent the killing of protesters by the security forces.
Analysis The thing everyone in Cairo was talking about was the traffic. Unlike in the days of Hosni Mubarak, Mohamed Mursi did not demand the streets should be closed as he made his way through the day of formalities and speeches. During his inaugral address at Cairo University, he even apologised to students whose exams had to be postponed because of the ceremony. It was all part of his message that this is a new era, and he is a new kind of president. He keeps telling Egyptians that they put him in power, and he is answerable to them. Of course, many would say he also rules by consent of the military. The military leaders saluted their new president as they formally handed control to him. But Mohamed Mursi knows that today was just another step in the long battle over who really rules Egypt.
Egypt, the biggest Arab nation, is a key US ally in the region, as well as one of the few states in the Arab world to maintain diplomatic relations with Israel.
'Promise kept'
Parliament was dissolved by Field Marshal Tantawi's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (Scaf), which assumed legislative powers under a controversial "interim constitutional declaration".
But on Saturday Scaf handed over power to Mr Mursi after a military parade at the Hykestep military base on the outskirts of Cairo.
"We have fulfilled our promise which we made before God and the people," Field Marshal Tantawi said at the hand-over ceremony.
"We now have an elected president, who assumed Egypt's rule through a free and direct vote reflecting the will of Egyptians."
The field marshal, who saluted Mr Mursi and shook hands with him several times, decorated the new president with the Shield of the Armed Forces, the country's highest honour.
In his speech earlier at Cairo University, Mr Mursi said: "The army is now returning to its original role, protecting the nation and its borders."
'Servant of the people'
Parliament, the new president insisted in his speech, had been elected in a free and fair ballot and had been entrusted with drafting a new, democratic constitution.
Sound bites from Mursi's Cairo University speech "The Scaf has kept its promise not to be an alternative to the people's will"
"Egypt is in acute need of every hand to build its bright future"
"We stress Egypt's respect for international conventions and agreements"
"We will support the Palestinian people until they regain all their legitimate rights"
"We will restore the role of tourism in order to benefit the Egyptian economy" In pictures: Mursi sworn in
He hailed those killed in the uprising against President Mubarak. Families of some of the dead were in the hall and they held up photos of their sons and daughters.
He vowed to raise Egypt to the rank of a modern state "where the president is the servant of his people".
Mr Mursi was sworn in at the supreme constitutional court.
The Egyptian people, he said, had "laid the foundations for a new life, for full freedom, a genuine democracy, for putting the meaning and significance of the constitution and stability above everything else".
His government would be based on the democratic pillars of "the constitutional court, the Egyptian judiciary, and the executive and legislative powers".
The oath of office had originally been scheduled to take place at the parliament, which is dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood-backed Freedom and Justice Party and other Islamists.
Mr Mursi said he was determined that the constitutional court, which had declared November's parliamentary election to be flawed, would remain "independent, strong, effective - away from any suspicion and abuse".
Mohammed Mursi Aged 60, married with four children
Comes from a village in the Nile Delta province of Sharqiya
US-educated engineering professor; teaches at Zagazig University
Rose through the ranks of the Muslim Brotherhood
Has been praised for his oratory as an MP
After toppling of Hosni Mubarak, he became chairman of Brotherhood's FJP party The challenges facing Mursi Profile: Mohammed Mursi
On Friday, Mr Mursi performed prayers at Cairo's al-Azhar mosque, one of the most prominent seats of learning in Sunni Islam.
He has sought to allay fears among some secular and Coptic Christian Egyptians that he will use his presidency to impose Islamic law.
Mr Mursi's campaign has said he plans to appoint a woman and a Coptic Christian as his vice-presidents.
In his speech at Cairo University, he said all Egyptians would be equal before the law.
What do Floyd Mayweather Jr. and his ex-fiance have in common? You're unlikely to get either to part with their gigantic ring.
Joking aside, Mayweather's most recent performance raises some important questions for boxing fans and officials. Chief among those are:
⁃ Do welterweights and middleweights really need more than a 20ft ring?
⁃ At what point is holding “excessive”?
Though Mayweather convincingly beat Marcos Maidana in a rematch, it certainly wasn't the best Mayweather we've seen. Where Mayweather has always chosen to fight in an enormous ring—it's hard to nail down numbers but the ring versus Hatton is said to have been 23 feet, rumours have the ring versus Maidana as big as 26 feet.
Now the advantages of a 23+ foot ring should be obvious against a man who wants to swarm you—there is a great deal of space to run into, and each time he wants to push you to the ropes, he has to embark on quite a trek. Mayweather's vintage strategy against men who want to swarm on him has been to get them chasing him across this enormous ring, then hit them with a right hand or left hook and immediately tie up. It's an old strategy, even recommended by Edwin Haislet in the 1940s, but Mayweather does it brilliantly.
Ricky 'The Hitman' Hatton had no answers for Mayweather—every time he got in close enough to do his best work, Mayweather was clutched against him and the referee was breaking them up.
Just textbook.
Often this right handed, power punching punishment for walking in face first causes many of Mayweather's more aggressive opponents to start pawing with jabs. Now that—of course—is where he does his best counter work. If you throw reaching punches against Mayweather, he's going to pull back, let you fall short, and then fire over the top as you recover—the old Muhammad Ali favorite.
Juan Manuel Marquez is far from a brawler. Even the great technician was drawn into throwing one punch at a time and eating big counters.
Of course, aside from the ringcraft, the counters and the tie ups—the most important Mayweather offensive staple is the jab to the solar plexus. Using this technique allows Mayweather to draw defensive fighters' guards down and start following up. Against Diego Corrales—in probably my favorite Mayweather performance—it was these low jabs which set the way for faked level changes and left hooks, or looking low and bringing the right hand over the top.Corrales couldn't keep up and Mayweather wiped him out.
Unfortunately, Mayweather's performance against Maidana made the great American boxer look like a parody of himself. There was running around the oversized ring, there were occasional counter right hands, there were body jabs... but something was missing.
The body jab was there, but it was a point scorer. Nothing heavier ever came off it except the occasional slapping left hook which Mayweather seemed resigned to throwing against Maidana's right glove.
He even seemed to step away from that pull counter after he landed a cracking one in the first, then overplayed his hand and got tagged with a right hand when he thought Maidana was just going to probe at him with jabs.
There was enough of vintage Mayweather to win the fight easily, but at the end of the fight one didn't feel so much like Maidana had been schooled, as much as he had been denied a boxing match.
The Big Ring
I'm sure you know that the job of the bigger puncher or the infighter is to cut off the ring. To do this, you must force an opponent towards the ropes, then into a corner, then you must step across his path and trap him there before he can exit. This is where the size of the ring becomes important.
George Foreman getting ahead of Kenny Norton.
Julio Cesar Chavez refusing to follow, but instead cutting across the middle of the ring.
Cutting off the ring is not a foolproof science. Even the best ring cutters, like Julio Cesar Chavez, would have to attempt to cut off the ring dozens of times a fight. It just gets easier when the opponent starts to tire from running and struggles to get out of the corners. The problem is that the larger the ring is, the further there is between the corners, and the more space a fighter has to be able to circle in.
Now since the earliest days of professional boxing, folks have bickered over ring size. Champions typically choose, but as everyone is a champion now, Mayweather chooses his ring size and his opponents decide whether they want to get paid or not. Smaller rings favor ring cutters and infighters, larger rings favor movement based boxers. So far, so simple.
The traditional ring size has been anywhere from sixteen feet, which Jack Dempsey opted to fight in, to twenty feet, which used to be considered the upper limit. Now, when Gene Tunney out-boxed Jack Dempsey to take his title, he did it in a sixteen foot ring. Tunney was considered cheeky when in the rematch, he decided they would meet in a twenty foot ring. Now remember that both of those men were heavyweights.
Mayweather is fighting welterweights in such an enormous ring, and a lot of the time it looks more like a track meet. Now that doesn't mean he isn't showing legitimately brilliant ring craft—this direction change is sublime...
The changing of directions along the ropes is to draw commitment of a punch—which can then be ducked under or run from in the opposite direction.
...but it does take some of the shine off of it that the deck is so heavily stacked in Mayweather's favor before he enters the ring.
The Tie Ups
Aside from the questions Mayweather raises about ring sizes, he raises a load more questions about clinching. Clinching too, is an art form, and Mayweather is a master of it.
Each time Maidana opened up to swing, Mayweather ducked inside and grabbed a hold of the underhook.
Overhooking one glove and carrying the other elbow high while remaining off to the side of the opponent's centre-line. James Toney used this to effectively neautralize Iran Barkley, Joe Calzaghe used it to slow down Jeff Lacy.
So was Muhammad Ali. That doesn't mean that Ali versus Frazier II wasn't a boring fight because Ali was allowed to hold for almost the entire match. Famously, there was tremendous conflict before their third meeting over choosing a referee. Because if Ali was allowed to, he would dance beautifully for one round, then hold for two.
The problem is that Mayweather used to use the clinch to get out of trouble or break his opponent's momentum. It seemed like the majority of this fight was ducking in and grabbing hold, with a little action in between. The focus has moved from boxing with clinches in between to clinches with boxing in between, and it's just hard to watch.
It used to be “punch and clutch” as he showed against Hatton. A power punch and a tie up to avoid a return. Saturday night's fight seem to be all clutch and no punch.
The rules of boxing are different from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but frequent holding is considered a foul in most of them. Certainly, holding and hitting is considered a foul in all of them.
And this is what is so difficult about the entire Mayweather situation. So much of what he does isn't what is taught as “boxing”. The tie ups, the cross faces, the leaving the lead elbow out and allowing the opponent to run into it. This is all stuff which I describe as “the grey areas”.
Cross faces
Elbows
These are the main difference between someone like Adrien Broner and Floyd Mayweather. Broner has all the counters and the looks on the outside, but as soon as Maidana was hurting him or in close, Broner couldn't tie up or make Maidana stop throwing.
There is an undeniable art form in getting into the clinch—one must time a punch and slip to underhook the arm or block and overhook the arm—but if all a fighter is going to do is clinch... why not just watch mixed martial arts or Muay Thai where clinching is active rather than passive?
It's a touchy subject for some, I'm sure, but frankly, there is little entertainment to be had in watching a boxer deny his opponent the opportunity to box, and then do very little in the way of combination or counter punching himself. Even when he turned Maidana into the corner, Mayweather would throw a jab, then back off to the middle of the ring again.
To hit and not get hit is the art form... to not get hit and not throw much back is just tedious to watch. Oliver McCall managed that in the middle of a mental breakdown.
The fight between Maidana and Mayweather had some good moments, but if you haven't watched it yet, I wouldn't bother catching up.
Check out these related stories:
Mayweather-Maidana: Does the “10-Point Must” Work?
Mayweather to the Rescue
Aid agencies have warned that the drought in West Africa's Sahel region could become a humanitarian disaster. Malnutrition and illnesses are putting at risk the lives of thousands of people in Chad, Burkina Faso, Mali, Mauritania, Niger and northern Senegal. Photo: Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF)
Aboubacar, from the Kadago Biri village in Niger, had taken his daughter Aicha – who was suffering from gastroenteritis - to a medical facility run by MSF. There he heard that his wife Mariama (previous photo), who was pregnant, had just lost their baby and was dying. Prompt action saved the lives of both Mariama and Aicha.
MSF says that in Niger's villages, seeing a doctor is a luxury for most people. Because of the distance to health facilities, the lack of transport and the bad quality of the roads, many mothers and children arrive too late at the health clinics. Photo: MSF
The drought has not only affected people. Their livestock have also been badly affected by the lack of water and pasture for grazing.
Sometimes there is not enough water in the village wells to satisfy all the inhabitants, let alone their animals.
An additional problem in Niger has been the influx of refugees from neighbouring Mali over the last few months.
Many have been escaping from a new rebellion in northern Mali and that also means more competition for Niger's scarce resources, including food and water. UNHCR and other humanitarian agencies have been assisting the refugees.
Several agencies have launched emergency appeals to raise millions of dollars to help the most vulnerable. "All signs point to a drought becoming a catastrophe if nothing is done soon. The world cannot allow this to happen," Oxfam Regional Director for West Africa, Mamadou Biteye, said earlier this month. Photo: Oxfam
But the agencies are also aware that more needs to be done in order to encourage local people to be less dependent on humanitarian aid. This woman, Bengali Tani, 40, married and the mother of 10 children, is one of the beneficiaries of a "cash for work" scheme run by Oxfam in Niger. Photo: Oxfam
NASA is moving forward with a spring 2018 launch of its InSight mission to study the deep interior of Mars, following final approval this week by the agency's Science Mission Directorate.
The Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport (InSight) mission was originally scheduled to launch in March of this year, but NASA suspended launch preparations in December due to a vacuum leak in its prime science instrument, the Seismic Experiment for Interior Structure (SEIS).
The new launch period for the mission begins May 5, 2018, with a Mars landing scheduled for Nov. 26, 2018. The next launch opportunity is driven by orbital dynamics, so 2018 is the soonest the lander can be on its way.
"Our robotic scientific explorers such as InSight are paving the way toward an ambitious journey to send humans to the Red Planet," said Geoff Yoder, acting associate administrator for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, in Washington. "It's gratifying that we are moving forward with this important mission to help us better understand the origins of Mars and all the rocky planets, including Earth."
The SEIS instrument -- designed to measure ground movements as small as half the radius of a hydrogen atom -- requires a perfect vacuum seal around its three main sensors in order to withstand harsh conditions on the Red Planet. Under what's known as the mission "replan," NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, will be responsible for redesigning, developing and qualifying the instrument's evacuated container and the electrical feedthroughs that failed previously. France's space agency, the Centre National d'Études Spatiales (CNES), will focus on developing and delivering the key sensors for SEIS, integration of the sensors into the container, and the final integration of the instrument onto the spacecraft.
The German Aerospace Center (DLR) is contributing the Heat Flow and Physical Properties Package (HP3) to InSight's science payload.
NASA's budget for InSight was $675 million. The instrument redesign and two-year delay add $153.8 million. The additional cost will not delay or cancel any current missions, though there may be fewer opportunities for new missions in future years, from fiscal years 2017-2020.
InSight's primary goal is to help us understand how rocky planets formed and evolved. Jim Green, director of NASA's Planetary Science Division, said, "We've concluded that a replanned InSight mission for launch in 2018 is the best approach to fulfill these long-sought, high-priority science objectives."
CNES President Jean-Yves Le Gall added, "This confirmation of the launch plan for InSight is excellent news and an unparalleled opportunity to learn more about the internal structure of the Red Planet, which is currently of major interest to the international science community."
The InSight Project is managed by JPL for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built the spacecraft. InSight is part of NASA's Discovery Program, which is managed by NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama.
News Media Contact
Guy WebsterJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-6278guy.webster@jpl.nasa.govDwayne Brown / Laurie CantilloNASA Headquarters, Washington202-358-1726 / 202-358-1077dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov / laura.l.cantillo@nasa.gov2016-230
On July 13, Adbusters posted on its website, “On September 17, we want to see 20,000 people flood into lower Manhattan, set up tents, kitchens, peaceful barricades and occupy Wall Street for a few months.”
Their plan? To reclaim public space and speak out against corporate control of government.
Inspired by the “shift in revolutionary tactics” promulgated by this year's protest movements in Egypt and, more recently, in Spain, Adbusters and several affinity groups have organized an occupation in the heart of the financial world. Or in the heart of America's “financial Gomorrah,” as the organizers like to call it.
The planned occupation has emerged as a leaderless movement, fueled by public anger at the financial world's impunity and its unprecedented levels of influence in government.
When the New York affiliate for CBS asked citizen volunteer Bill Csapo if he was an official spokesperson for the online group Occupy Wall Street, he answered with a laugh: “Not any more than any of us are.”
Popular movements for social change this year in Cairo and Madrid followed similar organizational strategies, in which protestors congregated in central, public spaces (see video of Tahrir Square and Puerto del Sol, respectively) and set up tent cities. Demonstrating a potent brand of grass-roots democracy, protestors in these liberated zones formed citizen's committees that undertook varying responsibilities such as cleaning and cooking, resolution drafting and watch duty.
Following Adbusters' July announcement for a similar movement in Manhattan, notable groups and individuals have jumped on board. Hactivist group Anonymous has announced its support, and musician Lupe Fiasco has extended his hand to the cause, offering to donate fifty tents.
Sister occupations have been set for San Francisco, London, Madrid, Sydney, Milan, and Stuttgart, signifying that social activists the world over are taken with the idea.
The activists behind Occupy Wall Street hope to emulate the success of Tahrir Square, which was an integral force in the dethroning of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last February. In Cairo's case, the occupied square became the most compelling symbol of the country's spontaneous rebellion against its autocratic leader.
By endowing Wall Street with a similar, populist significance, American activists may succeed in producing a symbolic rallying point to push their agenda for finance and government reform, especially as the nation has recently seen the first ravages of the Citizens United ruling and the appalling leniency granted to speculators and profit hounds responsible for the financial crisis.
However, there are significant differences between the situation that Egypt faced at the onset of its occupation of Tahrir Square and where the United States is now. Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was an aggressive tyrant. The Egyptian people thus had an enemy against whom a diverse array of individuals with different political, social, and religious affiliations could organize.
The U.S. activists behind Occupy Wall Street inhabit an altogether different environment. The financial world lacks the identifiable characteristics of a single dictator, and it operates more as an abstraction compared to Mubarak's concrete and oppressive security apparatus.
Additionally, the movement's cri de guerre is far from codified. Its demands are all variations of politico-corporate reform, yet they still vary, ranging from the modest goal of a implementing a Federally appointed oversight committee to the more radical call for a one dollar, one citizen, one vote system in which only citizens could make campaign donations exceeding no more than $1.
Nevertheless, perhaps the absence of a single, unifying message (or a ubiquitous tyrant to rally against) will bare little on the Wall Street occupation's outcome. For example, Spain's activists (called Indignados, or “the indignant”) did not arise from a single issue or cataclysmic event, but rather from the general disarray of their nation's economic and political institutions. It was a popular spirit of change—propelled by the creative and moral bankruptcy of an ineffective system—that brought them out into the streets.
And while the Indignados have yet to secure much attention from the ruling elite other than baton-wielding riot police, their collective energy may still generate powerful social change. As Pablo Ouziel at Truthout reports, people's assemblies organized by activists in Madrid's tent cities have worked collectively on a number of issues: Interceding for families in risk of eviction from their repossessed homes, attempting to halt the closure of public hospitals threatened by austerity measures, and protecting immigrants in poor districts from police violence.
So, if Occupy Wall Street's demands for an overhaul of campaign financing and state corporatism fail, its participants should take cues from their Spanish peers. Once a public space is liberated, activists within it can spawn new and experimental modes of communal organization. The space liberated in lower Manhattan on September 17 may be perfect for doing precisely that.
Education Minister Naftali Bennett on Sunday called for Israel to start taking steps toward annexing parts of the West Bank while helping the Palestinian Authority establish “autonomy on steroids” in other parts of the territory.
Bennett, leader of the hard-line Jewish Home party, said Israel should start by extending sovereignty to the Etzion bloc or Ma'ale Adumim, two settlement areas outside Jerusalem which Israel says it would like to hold onto in any future agreement with the Palestinians.
“I think the time is right to do this. We did this in 1967 in Jerusalem, we did so in 1981 with the Golan Heights,” Bennett told Israeli news site Ynet.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
He said his view was not shared by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Bennett, whose party counts the settlement movement as a major part of its base, ran in recent elections on a platform of annexation of the parts of the West Bank under Israeli civilian and military control under the Oslo Accords, and extending a type of semi-autonomy to Palestinians in the rest of the territory.
Israel has controlled the West Bank since capturing it in the 1967 Six Day War but has never moved to annex any of the territory beyond extending sovereignty to East Jerusalem. It later applied Israeli law to the Golan Heights, captured from Syria.
“We have de facto separated from the Palestinians. They rule themselves,” Bennett said. “My plan is to give the Palestinians autonomy on steroids. We should do two things,” Bennett said. “One is to create autonomy on steroids for the Palestinians in areas A and B, and in area C to begin, in stages, the application of [Israeli] sovereignty.”
In Area A, the Palestinian Authority maintains full civil and security control; in Area B, the PA maintains civil control and shares security control with Israel; and in Area C, some 60 percent of the West Bank, Israel maintains full civil and security control.
Negotiations with Palestinians in recent years have seen Israel seeking to keep certain areas of the West Bank where there are major settlement blocs in exchange for land swaps. Isolated settlements elsewhere in Area C would not be included.
“There is not one person in the State of Israel — in let's call it ‘the normal zone' –- who thinks Ariel, Ma'ale Adumim should not be part of Israel,” Bennett said, mentioning two of the larger West Bank settlements.
Asked whether such a move would be realistic or how it would affect the international community's views on Israel, Bennett fired back: “Tell me, do you think in 1981 when [then prime minister Menachem] Begin applied sovereignty over the Golan Heights, was it ‘realistic'? He did so, and the sky didn't cave in.”
The comments came as diplomats in the US and Europe have hinted at a new push to resume long-moribund peace negotiations.
On Friday, the Quartet for Mideast Peace said it would prepare a report on the current situation between Israel and the Palestinians, with an eye toward resuming peace talks.
The new report will include “recommendations that can help inform international discussions on the best way to advance the two-state solution.”
The Better Government Association has found that local police are allowed to work when they're close to what's considered drunk.
WBBM Newsradio's Mike Krauser reports the BGA said numerous suburban police departments have contract clauses that allow officers to be on duty with a blood-alcohol content as high as .079 – just below the .08 legal limit for drunk driving.
Cops Allowed To Work Almost Drunk
That's the case in Elmwood Park and Oak Park, according to documents reviewed by the BGA.
“Some of these police officers are driving cars at high speeds, carrying guns, making arrests, and dealing with high stress situations, even though they have enough alcohol in their blood to be considered close to drunk,” BGA president and CEO Andy Shaw said.
READ THE BGA'S FULL REPORT
The BGA's investigation found, in Westchester, Forest Park, Glendale Heights, and South Barrington, police contracts allow rank-and-file officers to come to work with a blood-alcohol level up to and including .049.
Some departments have a zero tolerance policy in regard to blood-alcohol content on the job. Shaw said all departments should have that policy.
“It's absolutely outrageous. These are collective bargaining agreements in which police unions have somehow forced police departments to allow high levels of alcohol in the bloodstreams of cops when they're on the job,” Shaw said.
The BGA noted, according to medical experts, motor skills start being effected when a person's blood-alcohol level is .04.
Even a blood-alcohol level as low as .02 can affect a person's reaction time.
Parents Coral, 40, and Paul, 43, were described as "stunned and devastated" by neighbours struggling with the same emotions.
"The general feeling is one of disbelief, nobody can take it on board," said Mathew Harris, 22, who lives on the estate.
Surrounded on three sides by tree-covered hills at the centre of the small estate is a series of open greens used by local children.
As on most days unattended bicycles and balls litter the large grass areas safe from thieves on the close-knit estate.
"I was born and grew up on this estate and remember what it was like as a kid. Everyone played with everyone else," he said.
"It's the same today. Kids play out together and everyone looks after everyone else. Somebody said that this estate once won an award as the safest in Powys.
"I can believe that. Every new family that comes to live here says what a great place it is to bring up kids. They can run free outside, riding bikes or playing football, without any trouble.
"What happened last night is unbelievable. Paul and Coral are loving parents and everyone is devastated for them."
Turkish president will extract high price for agreeing to proposals to tighten up Europe's borders hatched by Germany and the EC
EU leaders have pleaded with Turkey's authoritarian president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, to join forces behind a radical plan aimed at stemming the flow of hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants to Europe.
Europe needs Recep Tayyip ​​Erdoğan – but he will play hard-to-get Read more
The Europeans are offering eventually to take half a million Syrians from new refugee and asylum-processing camps they would co-fund in Turkey in return for Ankara tightening its borders to stop people being smuggled in hazardous vessels to Greece, and agreeing to take back migrants who make it “illegally” to Europe via Turkey.
As part of any possible pact, Erdoğan pressed for a relaxation in visa requirements for Turks travelling to Europe. He also wants the EU to list Turkey as “a safe third country”, effectively whitewashing Ankara's increasingly repressive policies and deteriorating human rights and media freedoms record.
“Europe has to manage its borders better. We expect Turkey to do the same,” said Donald Tusk, the president of the European council, following talks with Erdoğan. “The situation where hundreds of thousands are fleeing to the European Union from Turkey must be stopped.”
Erdoğan responded that Ankara was hosting almost 10 times as many Syrian refugees as the EU. While open to talks with Brussels, he said the key to stopping the flow of refugees was to establish a no-fly zone over the Turkish-Syria border and a buffer zone in northern Syria. This is viewed as a non-starter in Europe and in Washington, but Tusk said: “The European Union is ready to take up all issues with Turkey so we can also discuss a possible buffer zone in Syria.”
Erdoğan came to Brussels at a time of unusual political vulnerability at home, but holding most of the cards in the migration crisis and intending to extract a high price for agreeing to a new plan hatched by Germany and the European commission.
“Erdoğan is weak at home. But on this he's in a position of incredible strength and we're in a position of incredible weakness,” said a senior EU diplomat. “The [immigration] system has collapsed. We rush from one meeting to another. The politicians need to be seen to be acting, to be doing something. This accentuates the sense of chaos.”
Turkey is home to 2 million Syrian refugees and is the source of most of the influx into Europe of recent months that has quickly ballooned into one of Europe's biggest crises, triggering panic, the erection of national border controls, razorwire fences and endless feuding between EU member states.
A pact with Turkey is now seen as the key to the effort to turn chaos into control, not least in Germany, which expects the arrival of 1 million newcomers this year, and where the chancellor, Angela Merkel, has become the driver of an embryonic common European immigration regime that would take some of the load off Berlin.
Merkel saw Erdoğan at the United Nations last week and the European commission at the weekend leaked details of an “action plan” aimed at coaxing the Turks into cooperation. No agreement is expected on Monday in Brussels, but the hope is to finalise the outlines of a new policy with Turkey at an EU summit next week.
Erdoğan has sunk to pariah status in the west since 2013 because of his hardline responses to internal dissent. Europe's refugee emergency, however, has its leaders increasingly keen to overlook the problems.
“Without Turkish support, no solution to the refugee crisis is possible,” said the European Stability Initiative thinktank. “There are two indispensable players in any solution to this crisis: Germany and Turkey. There is little that EU institutions can bring to the table. It is Germany that must take the lead.”
If Turkey is the main source of new arrivals, Greece is where they enter the EU – 370,000 this year. Controlling the frontiers and turning people back is complicated by the fact that the borders are maritime, not land. Only 4% of new arrivals are being registered in Greece, according to senior Brussels sources, and the Greeks do not have the fingerprinting equipment required to register them.
The aim is to have the Turks and the Greeks mount joint border controls at sea, organised by Frontex, the EU's borders agency. It is demanding almost 800 new staff from the member states. Diplomats say it is more likely to get 400, mainly sent to Greece.
The idea is that the Turks and Greeks mount joint maritime border patrols and that intercepted boat people be turned back to Turkey.
The commission said on Monday it was sending teams of experts to Ankara to discuss the details of what it described as “a common list of actions, a mutual confidence pact”.
One problem is that while the commission in Brussels is making the running in calls for refugee quotas and other aspects of a common European policy, it does not take in any refugees. That falls to national governments and countries, with the attendant political risks.
Immigration is likely to help bring down the Polish government in elections this month. On Sunday, the anti-immigrant Austrian far right is tipped to perform strongly in elections in Vienna, a permanent social-democratic stronghold.
The commissioner in charge of immigration policy, Dimitris Avramopoulos, bragged last week of his lack of accountability on what is one of the most contentious areas of European politics.
“The commission is here for five years to do its job ... What is driving us is not to be re-elected. That is why for us the political cost means nothing,” he said. “This is the message I would send all around Europe: stop thinking about the so-called political cost.”
A plan forced through last month to share 120,000 refugees across the EU triggered a huge row between governments. If Berlin and Brussels agreed to take an additional 500,000 from Turkey, Germany would insist they be spread across the EU, inviting a backlash. Officials and diplomats working on the policy say that the best they can hope for is a set of measures that might slow down the flow of refugees. They point out that although there is agreement on sharing the 120,000, it is difficult to locate potential beneficiaries. They move out of Greece and southern Italy quickly, refuse to be registered, and avoid “reception” camps.
But EU acknowledgment that Turkey is a “safe third country” and statements about visa liberalisation could help Erdoğan in elections in three weeks after his Justice and Development party lost its ruling majority for the first time in June.
The EU defines a safe country, to where migrants can be deported, as one with “a democratic system, no persecution, no torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, no threat of violence and no armed conflict”.
CTV Vancouver Island
Despite numerous warnings, the rare spectacle of a solar eclipse proved too tempting for some people in Victoria on Monday.
Several optometrists reported multiple calls of people complaining about eye pain after looking at the rare celestial event without protection.
“I had patients calling after looking at it for about a minute or so,” said Dr. Balraj Sharma.
“It can definitely cause damage to the back of the eyes if you're not careful. At least if you had some sunglasses looking at it for a quick second it shouldn't hurt the back of the eyes, but there are no guarantees.”
Leading up to Monday's eclipse, doctors warned solar gazers that not wearing proper eye protection could lead to a lifetime of problems. Even momentary glances at the sun can severely damage a person's vision.
“If they're having an after-image after the fact and it's not going away, it's really important that they get their eyes checked,” said Sharma. “It's not reversible, so it's something that if it did happen, it's definitely going to stay there.”
Sharma said solar eclipses can cause such serious damage because the effect of the sun is intensified during the rare event.
“It's definitely heightened for the fact that when you have something covering the sun like that and it's dark, your pupils actually get quite large,” he said.
Anyone who looked at the eclipse and is now noticing eye pain or a blind spot is urged to get in touch with an eye doctor.
When you hear the word “mindfulness,” what images cross your thoughts? Most likely images of meditation or quiet and deliberate studying. Now what images come to you when you hear “motivation”? I'm guessing it may have been a loud and energetic speaker, a runner gritting their teeth to power through exhaustion to reach the finish line, or another damn eighties movie training montage. One of these words conjured bliss, the other bombast. Why would I put them together like that in a title?
Simple: You need one to temper the other.
Mindful Motivation
Simply put, “mindful motivation” is crossroads between the willpower to make a change and the discretion to evaluate the effort. In fact, without some analysis of methods and metrics, motivation can end up going nowhere. When a person gets a big spike of willpower when they make the decision to drop some weight or learn a new skill, they relish in that new goal high and go balls to the wall with effort, until the fire seems to just burn out.
With a little foresight though, you can keep that fire burning.
A common pitfall with new undertakings is a fixation on the end result, along with the inevitable disappointment that results when you can't drop twenty pounds in one month or win the local Super Smash Bros. Melee tournament after a few weeks of training. We don't prepare ourselves mentally for the times of slow progress, the plateaus, and the setbacks. Fixation on the end result is where motivation goes to die.
Complete the Mission Before You Complete the Game
An important component of mindful motivation is the recognition and embrace of incremental progress. If you're aspiring to bench press 200 pounds when you can barely push the bare bar up, that end result is going to look awfully far away. The key here is to recognize and celebrate the minor victories along the way. Celebrate adding five pounds to your bench. Celebrate reaching two hundred then three hundred subscribers on your YouTube channel.
In an article for the Harvard Business Review, writers Teresa Amabile and Steven J. Kramer put forth the progress principle, based on their study of various creative thinkers over the years. They stated, “Of all the things that can boost emotions, motivation, and perceptions during a workday, the single most important is making progress in meaningful work. And the more frequently people experience that sense of progress, the more likely they are to be creatively productive in the long run.”
In Layman's terms, that means that a small victory gives us the spark to work towards the next small victory. Gamers are already conditioned for this: video games are not one continuous slog from start to finish. They're divided conveniently into levels or missions. Completing them gives a small the player a small sense of accomplishment that takes them into the next level then the level after that. After forty hours of fighting monsters, crossdressing, and breeding giant chickens, they finally face the weird mutated form of an angsty pretty boy trying to destroy the world with a meteor.
Treat those tiny bits of progress like missions, and treat the larger goal like the entirety of the game's plot.
Analyze Strategize Optimize
Another component of mindful motivation is working smart in addition to working hard. To go back to the video game analogy, you've got to strategize these missions on your quest to reach your goals. When progress seems to slow down, like several weeks stuck at the same weight or just not being able to get that guitar song right, take a step back and analyze the situation. Think about what you're doing, and what could be done differently.
If you're trying to lose weight, research your methods to see if you're doing something wrong. If you feel like your cosplay crafting skills just aren't improving, research different techniques to try. The old adage is that insanity is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result, so find something different to try. Getting embroiled in a task can create a feeling of “tunnel vision” that blinds us to other options, so it's helpful to get outsiders' perspectives or new information. Once again, I must hearken back to my favorite Shakespeare quote:
Just the same, it's helpful to keep track of your progress, preferably in a physical or digital form you can look back on. Write what you did to practice that week. Log your weight loss. Journal about thoughts on your progress. This helps with the incremental progress method described above, since you can evaluate both your victories and your setbacks. A record of your wins can help you power through a plateau, and a record of stumbles can help you identify weaknesses in your methods.
Keep Thinking, Keep Fighting
Fighting spirit is great, but it's wasted without careful thought to apply it. Mindful motivation lets you anticipate and avoid pratfalls, as well as save you time and effort by avoiding dead ends. Augment your will power with some brain power, and you just might find yourself accomplishing your goals sooner than expected.
CLOSE About 80 percent of students did not attend school at a Peoria elementary school Wednesday after a first grader died of an unknown respiratory illness, but community members gathered there at a vigil for the child Wednesday night.
Peoria school officials sought to reassure nervous parents after an elementary school student died of an undisclosed respiratory illness, sparking concerns that the first-grader might have contracted a deadly virus that has killed at least five children in the United States.
Vistancia Elementary School in Peoria. (Photo: 12 News) Story Highlights About 80 percent of students stayed home from school Wednesday after a student died for an uknown reason
County health officials are conducting tests to determine what the illness was, including whether it was EV-D68
There has been an outbreak of enterovirus strain across the country, affecting nearly 700 people in 46 states
About 80 percent of students did not attend school at a Peoria elementary school Wednesday after a first grader died of an unknown respiratory illness, but community members gathered there at a vigil for the child Wednesday night.
The mood was somber as parents left the candlelight vigil for the boy, who has been identified as John Lucas "Luke" Smith, at Vistancia Elementary School.
Some who attended said they were close with the Smiths, who did not attend the vigil. Most said they didn't know the student but wanted to pay their respects and support the grieving.
Marne Fleck, a Peoria resident and high-school teacher, did not know Luke but said many of her students had attended Vistancia.
"It's heartbreaking, but we want the family to know that they are in our thoughts and prayers," Fleck said. "I know that if it were my child, my heart would be grieving."
Peoria residents Joe and Traci Kozlowski have children in fifth and eighth grade at Vistancia. Joe said the vigil was introspective and reflective.
Traci said the school has been on top of the incident.
"We're really sad for the family and the school has been great. But we're here for to support, and tonight is about the family," she said. "We are grieving with them."
County health officials are conducting a series of tests to determine illness that killed the boy, who died Tuesday after becoming ill over the weekend.
Officials said it would be at least seven days before the results.
READ MORE: Arizona children may be sickened with enterovirus
READ MORE: What to know about enterovirus
Some parents have raised concerns that Smith had the enterovirus D68. An outbreak of the respiratory infection has affected nearly 700 people in 46 states and the District of Columbia since mid-August, according to the Center for Disease Control. There have been no confirmed cases in Arizona.
Meanwhile on Wednesday, Peoria school officials sought to reassure nervous parents at Vistancia Elementary School in the Northwest Valley, many of whom chose to keep their children home for a second day.
About 50 percent of the approximately 1,100 students enrolled at the elementary school were in attendance Tuesday, and that number dropped to 20 percent Wednesday, Peoria Unified School District spokeswoman Erin Dunsey said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"There is a heightened concern from parents over things that are going on nationally, obviously, and parents do reserve the right to keep their child home if that's what they determine is best," she said.
School officials sanitized the school over the weekend after learning of the student's illness, and relocated some classes on Tuesday, Dunsey said.
"We're trying to ensure we have a safe and healthy environment for our staff and our students," she said.
By Wednesday morning, news had spread throughout the community near Loop 303 and Lone Mountain Parkway.
"Social media is great...but yesterday it was crazy. I heard rumors like meningitis, enterovirus," said Julie Mitchell, who was dropping off a second-grade student at the school on Wednesday morning. "People were saying the news media here were all wearing masks. That's the evil of social media — one person thinks they hear something and it gets blown out of proportion and parents panic and they don't even know what the facts are."
District officials have not had reports of other students with similar illnesses, but have reminded administrators that it is flu season and encouraged staff and students to take proper precautions to prevent the spread of diseases.
Those include washing hands with soap and water, avoiding the touching of eyes, nose and mouth, and coughing into an elbow instead of a hand.
Will Humble, director of Arizona Department of Health Services, confirmed that the state has sent specimen from the Peoria child to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for testing.
The Arizona Department of Health Services previously sent samples from other cases involving children with upper-respiratory illness, he said, but none of those turned out to be the D68 strain.
"Other states are having a more difficult time with enterovirus," Humble said.
Banner Cardon Children's Medical Center in Mesa has not noticed an increase in children with severe upper-respiratory illness, and no cases have been sent to the CDC for testing of enterovirus D68.
Maricopa County Public Health Department officials said even though the child's illness is unknown, all respiratory viruses, including enterovirus D68, are spread the same way as the common cold and flu and similarly can be prevented.
Those facts, and the knowledge that illnesses can be transmitted anywhere this time of year, made Mitchell comfortable bringing her daughter to the school Wednesday.
"I'm not concerned because you can get sick anywhere; at school, at the supermarket, at Target, the park, the library, there are germs everywhere," Mitchell said.
About enterovirus D68
The particular strain of enterovirus, known as EV-D68, began causing some concerns in mid-August when hospitals began seeing children with severe respiratory illnesses caused by the virus, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The virus is not new.
Children are at a particular risk of infection because they have not yet built up an immunity to the virus, particularly children with asthma, according to the CDC.
Mild symptoms might include fever, runny nose, sneezing, cough and body and muscle aches, according to the agency.
More severe symptoms might include wheezing and difficulty breathing.
The agency lists the following steps to prevent spreading the virus:
Wash hands often with soap and water for 20 seconds. Washing hands correctly is the most important thing you can do to stay healthy.
Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands.
Avoid close contact, such as kissing, hugging, and sharing cups or eating utensils, with people who are sick.
Cover your coughs and sneezes with a tissue or shirt sleeve, not your hands.
Clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces, such as toys and doorknobs, especially if someone is sick.
Stay home when you are sick and keep sick children out of school.
Ken Alltucker contributed to this report
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1pci8kA
The US embassy in Ankara on Wednesday denied Washington had ever supported Islamic State (IS) jihadists in the Syrian conflict after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan claimed the extremists had enjoyed US backing.
"The United States government is not supporting Daesh," the embassy said in a terse statement, using an Arabic acronym for IS.
The United States "did not create or support Daesh in the past. Assertions the United States government is supporting Daesh are not true," it added.
The statement did not mention Erdoğan by name but said there was "considerable misinformation circulating in Turkish media" about US operations against IS in Syria.
"For those interested in the truths, here are the truths," the embassy said.
Erdoğan had on Tuesday accused coalition forces led by the United States of supporting not just the Kurdish Peoples' Protection Units (YPG) in Syria but also IS.
"It's quite clear, perfectly obvious," he said, adding that Turkey could provide proof in pictures and video.
The YPG works on the ground with the United States against IS but is seen as a terror group by Ankara and an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
However, the embassy said: "The United States government has not provided weapons or explosives to the YPG or the PKK - period."
Erdoğan said that the US-led coalition forces fighting against IS in Syria had also failed to provide assistance for the Turkish operation to capture the jihadist-held town of Al-Bab.
Responding to this allegation, the embassy said the United States continues to work closely with Turkey to "determine how we can increase our efforts to defeat (IS)... and eliminate this scourge that threatens both our peoples."
It said the discussions included how best to help Turkish forces and their Syrian opposition allies fighting the jihadists around Al-Bab.
The US backing of the YPG and criticism of the human rights climate in Turkey has angered Ankara in the final months of the administration of President Barack Obama.
Turkish officials have expressed hope for a "new page" under President-elect Donald Trump including the extradition of Erdoğan's arch enemy Fethullah Gulen who he blames for the July 15 failed coup.
Agencies contributed to this report.
Hawa Abdi
There are few things in the world more depressing than the knowledge that a 65 year-old Somali gynecologist has bigger balls than you could ever hope to achieve even if you gave yourself steroid collagen injections to the scrotum every night and set up an induction port that allowed you to inflate them with an air pump like a basketball or those high-top sneakers from the early 90s. Meet Hawa Abdi. A woman who has never raised her fist in anger against another human being, but also one who could perform three C-sections on dirt-poor women, wash her hands, then go straight outside, stare down an army of gun-toting hardcore fanatical Somali militiamen, and with four words send them running for their lives on a light-speed rainbow of shame and self-loathing without even fucking blinking. A woman once appropriately described once as "one part Mother Teresa, one part Rambo."
You don't have to on the Digitally-Enhanced Deluxe Double-Stuffed Special Edition Director's Cut Remastered Blu-Ray/DVD Combo Pack Quarter Pounder with Cheese version of Black Hawk Down to know that Somalia is a pretty righteously fucked-up cesspool of soul-crushing misery that, in terms of gigantic screaming hellholes, falls somewhere in the realm of Satan's asshole, Eastern New Jersey, and that river of lava beneath Mount Doom that melted the One Ring and flayed Gollum alive Terminator 2 style. This is nothing against the people who live there, many of whom are honest, upstanding people who really want nothing other than to live their lives without having to worry about some hash-smoking dope fiend child soldier smacking them in the back of the face with an unsharpened machete, but any time you're talking about a country that has been officially designated by the United Nations as "Totally Boned" you've got to at least consider the argument that maybe this nation isn't the best place to host Girls Gone Wild Spring Break Drunken Debauchery Dance Party 2013. The longest running failed state on the planet, Somalia is a war-torn wasteland of anarchistic warlord-controlled destruction so miserable that the UN has referred to it in official documents the "worst humanitarian crisis on the planet" and a place so totally fucked that all international aid groups have completely pulled out of the region due to safety concerns and a complete lack of cooperation from local leaders. The capital city, Mogadishu, is in ruins. 1.5 million people have been displaced. It's the sort of thing to make you almost think twice about not bitching and crying just because you can't get decent enough service on your Verizon iPhone to upload your Comic-Con photos to Facebook (almost). Unlike many of those people trapped in this war-shredded country without any hope of escape, Hawa Abdi doesn't have to put up with this bullshit. She's rich. She's respected. She's an internationally-recognized physician trained in some of the best medical schools in the world. Any country in the world would grant her asylum. But fuck that – Somalia is her home, saving peoples' asses is what this woman does all day every day, and she'd rather die than turn her back on a countryman in need.
A typical grocery store parking lot in Mogadishu.
Mama Hawa was born in Mogadishu in 1947. Born to a wealthy family, she got a good education, received a full scholarship to study medicine in Soviet Ukraine, earned a law degree, survived having a tumor removed from her brain, and then went on to become one of her country's first female OB/Gyns (this is a big deal in a country under Sharia law, where some dudes don't really see the point in a woman doing anything other than cooking dinner and shooting out babies). In 1983, fresh off her successes in Mogadishu and looking to set up her own practice, Mama Hawa opened up a tiny, one-room free clinic for women and children on her family's farmland, 15 miles from Mogadishu, offering cheap, good health care to dirt-poor families who would never have been able to afford it otherwise. People traveled from across the land to see her, some women carrying their infants for days on foot across the countryside, and before long Mama Hawa was seeing hundreds of patients a day. That number increased exponentially after basically the entire fucking country exploded into civil war in 1991 and roughly every single man in Somalia picked up a rusty AK-47 and proceeded to bash all of his enemies to death with it. As if it wasn't enough that the entire country became enveloped in an unbelievably-violent death feud of furious anger, other neighboring countries like Ethiopia tried to take advantage of the fucking anarchy and invade, further throwing the country into an epic downward spiral of violence and brutality. Dr. Hawa didn't blink. She sold all of her jewelry, liquidated her assets, sold off parts of her land, and pleaded for humanitarian aid from NGOs. Despite the destruction, war, and subsequent famine ravaging the land all around her, Hawa Abdi spent the next 29 years providing a safe haven for the displaced, turning her tiny one-room shack into a 400 bed hospital, and her 1,300-acre farm into a refugee camp where 90,000 displaced Somalis received free food, clean water, free health care, and a clean place for women to give birth. She built a school that educates 850 children between the ages of 7 and 18. She negotiated for fishing boats and farmland so her people could grow and fish for their food. She personally spent 12-hour days, 7 days a week, delivering babies, treating gunshot wounds, and setting up IV lines for malnourished children, and she's done it all through donations and her own personal funds, without hardly any international funding or aid. Oh, and this isn't even the badass part yet.
Despite all the good this woman was doing for the displaced people from her country, apparently there are some pretty magnificent pieces of human garbage who felt like it was totally bullshit how this woman was using her own money to help people – over the last 20 or so years about a dozen local warlord douchebags tried to shut her operation down at gunpoint solely for the sake of being basically the biggest asshole pricks the world has ever seen. They've blocked aid, raided her camp with machine guns, and threatened her life dozens of times. Hawa Abdi could give a shit. She's not impressed by dickless bullies preying on the weak and the wounded, and she's more than prepared to lay it all on the line for the sake of defending her people and exposing these spineless asshats for the chumps they truly are. In the early 2000s, when an International Red Cross aid truck was blocked by a local militia band, Dr. Hawa rolled up her sleeves, walked out there alone, stood between the militia and the Red Cross trucks, and told those jerkwads she was going to personally take the food to her people – if they wanted to stop her, they were going to have to put a bullet in her. The militia leader protested, Dr. Hawa argued back, shook a finger at them disdainfully, and told them to slow their fuckin' roles, and when the sun set that night not only had the militia troops allowed the aid to come through, but they personally gave the good doctor's supply convoy a full military escort all the way to the hospital.
Cute guns, but Hawa Abdi is not impressed.
One of the biggest threats to Hawa's camp came in May of 2010, when a rampaging band of 750 Somali pirate motherfuckers showed up at her front door with AKs, RPGs, and mortar launchers, demanding that Dr. Hawa come out and surrender the hospital. Hawa Abdi, 63, unarmed, walked out there to meet them. She told them to get lost. They said they needed to talk. She invited their leaders to dinner – a pretty generous offer that I have no doubt had all of those assholes' heads spinning. While they were considering the offer, she sent the word out for the women in the hospital to get their shit together and sneak out as quickly as possible, a move that probably saved a shitload of lives. At dinner, the leaders of the militia told Mama Hawa that since she was a woman she had no business running anything. She told them, "I've been working for the country for the past 20 years. What have you done?" This didn't go over well. The militia terrorist baby-kickers attacked, opened fire with machine guns, mortars, and rocket launchers, shot the place up, looted everything worth looting, broke every generator and piece of medical equipment they could find, beat a bunch of people up, and took the men, women, and children inside prisoner. Dr. Hawa was thrown under house arrest, barricaded in her room by armed guards. They told her to sign the papers and hand over her shit. She told them to get fucked. They told her not to do interviews. She got a cell phone and gave interviews to anyone who would listen.
You're gonna have to do better than that.
Between the international media, a national outcry among the Somali people, Dr. Hawa's own outcry, and a fiery revolt among Dr. Hawa's imprisoned people that bordered on full-scale rioting, the bullshit militia suddenly started to lose their nerve. They came to Hawa and told her they'd leave and let her run the joint, but only if she signed over the rights to the place to them. She told them to piss off. Then they said they'd leave and let her keep the place, if she'd just get it up and running so that the militia troops would stop getting heat from the media and the populace. She told them she'd only re-open the place if she got a public written apology from the militia leader, a dude who has been on basically every NSA terrorist watch list of the last decade. She got it. The militia left, she got a written letter apologizing for the damage, rebuilt the place, got the hospital generators back on-line, and went to work saving lives once again. Since 2010 she's fought off another rebel attack on her hospital, and is currently battling some bullshit attempt by rich fucks to seize her land, but a woman like this isn't one who's going to back down from a fight, especially when there are tens of thousands of lives hanging in the balance. She's just been nominated for the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize.
Links:
Donate to the Foundation
Interview with Dr. Hawa
Under Siege in Somalia Interview
Glamour Person of the Year
The Atlantic
The Guardian
Another Guardian Article
NY Times Column
Main
The Complete List
About the Author
Miscellaneous Articles
RSS
Kyiv, September 25, 2015. The situation in the ATO zone remained relatively calm on September 22-24, said Lieutenant Colonel Anatoliy Stelmakh, ATO Staff spokesperson, at Ukraine Crisis Media Center via Skype. He added that pro-Russian militant groups became active mostly at nighttime.
According to Lt. Col. Stelmakh, Ukrainian strongholds in Mayorsk were attacked with sniping fire, small arms and grenade launchers. Ukrainian checkpoint near Zaitseve was assaulted with large machine-guns and small arms. Ukrainian positions in Lozovve and Krymske were attacked using small arms, and grenade launchers were used on Luhanske and the vicinity of Sokilnyky. Militants shot at Ukrainian mobile group from light arms near Zolote. Ukrainian stronghold in Popasna was shelled as well, and a militants' sniper was working on checkpoints south of Avdiivka. Shooting from 122mm artillery banned by Minsk Accords was observed on ATO forces stronghold in Krasnohorivka not far from Donetsk.
Total number of militants' ceasefire violations in the period of September 22-24 reached 17.
ATO Staff spokesperson laid emphasis on provocative actions of Russia-backed militant groups shooting intensely from light arms not far from the frontline towards Zaitseve and from automatic grenade launcher near Luhanske settlement. “Thirty grenades launched by militants fell 300 meters from Ukrainian positions,” he said.
Lt. Col. Stelmakh also said Ukrainian troops make use of the truce and help local inhabitants. Mobile and internet connection was re-established in Kamianka near Avdiivka with their help. Ukrainian forces finished repairing a bridge blasted by militants earlier between Krasnohorivka and Zhelanne and thus resumed the traffic. Ukrainian troops delivered almost 600 food packages and three trucks of hygiene products to Mariinka and Krasnohorivka.
House Speaker John Boehner's demand Tuesday that the next increase in the debt limit be accompanied by dollar-for-dollar “cuts and reforms” apparently comes with a caveat: It doesn't apply to the GOP budget drafted by Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI).
Ryan's House-passed blueprint would increase the nation's debt by $5 trillion over a decade, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. The plan has the strong support of congressional Republicans and conservatives.“I will again insist on my simple principle of cuts and reforms greater than the debt limit increase,” Boehner said during a speech in Washington. “This is the only avenue I see right now to force the elected leadership of this country to solve our structural fiscal imbalance.”
CNN's Erin Burnett, interviewing Boehner Tuesday after his speech, confronted him about the contradiction.
“Yeah, the big bad House Republican budget that would just gut everything under the sun, according to my friends across the aisle, would still require a $5 trillion increase in the debt ceiling over the next 10 years,” Boehner said. “Why? Because of the great big demographic bubble — baby boomers like me, that are going to retire and continue to retire for the next 20-25 years. It's a big challenge.”
In fact, the Ryan budget includes large tax cuts that would bring about a $4.6 trillion reduction in federal revenues, according to the Tax Policy Center. The plan's deep cuts to domestic and safety-net programs would, however, significantly reduce the debt.
CBO projects that by radically reshaping the size and scope of government, Ryan's plan would pay off the nation's debt by 2040. Ryan has promised to close tax loopholes to help bridge the revenue shortfall, although he has declined to specify any. Even so, using a 30-year window, which by itself is rife with problems, elides Boehner's demand that raising the nation's credit card limit be offset with near-term dollar-for-dollar savings.
The dilemma exposes an important but somewhat obscured aspect of the Republican fiscal agenda: It's not ultimately about deficit reduction. Although deficits have been a GOP messaging priority in the Obama era, when push comes to shove the party has routinely preferred to cut taxes rather than pay off the nation's debt.
Watch Boehner below:
Last week I had a chat with Stardock boss Brad Wardell, and I've chopped the transcripts into two bits to be posted today and tomorrow. In this first part we talk about Impulse and Stardock's attempts to rival GFWL and Steamworks with its Impulse Reactor tools. It's an interesting response to living in the shadow of both Steam and Games For Windows Live, and it'll be even more interesting to see how many developers and publishers now adopt them. Does all this promise, as one reader mailed in, “Steam, but better?“
RPS: So there's quite a bit of new material to talk about with regards with Impulse. I see Stardock have been busy creating a stack of new features, and you've been showing off some of those at GDC…
Wardell: So “Impulse Reactor” is the name we've given to our internal development platform, which we've been working on for years and years. We've started making some of these features available to developers, first of all with GOO, [which was launched at GDC2009] and Paradox and THQ adopted it for their stuff. GOO is basically a way to implement some copy-protection onto a game without being obnoxious to the user. We've got the Gamer's Bill Of Rights, so we wanted to adhere to that while at the same time offering something that was of use to publishers.
RPS: Right. So what does GOO actually do in terms of providing control?
Wardell: It encapsulates the executable and adds activation into the game. A developer can do more than that, if they want, but essentially what happens is that when it pops up you enter an email address and a serial number and that's the last you hear of it. It's a one time thing.
RPS: Hmm. So no “always on”. The advantages of that kind of approach do seem pretty obvious, especially given recent events. Anyway, you've now released some other tools, which revamp and expand your support for online multiplayer gaming specifically…
Wardell: This year publishers have been coming to us regarding Steamworks. People bellyache about it, but if you're a game developer this is a feature set you can't do without. Also it's also too much to do yourself, unless you're a really big publisher. Outside EA and a couple of other big guys, adding all this stuff in is often beyond typical capabilities: friends lists, online saves, all that stuff. With Steamworks you have to bundle Steam with it, which is a problem because Steam stuff then pops up in the game. If we were going to come up with a solution to provide a similar feature set then we couldn't do it in the way that Steam had done it, we had to come up with something else, something more suitable for these developers who were coming to us. So we designed a technology that allows our SDK to be integrated into the developer's own process. The way it works is that we have created the kind of features you see in Battle.net or Steamworks, except all the developer has to do is include a DLL, and we integrate our stuff in there. What this allows us to do is call up screens with one line of code, without including the distributable as Steamworks has to do. Developers will – it's in beta right now – be able to use these features for free, as long as they include their game non-exclusively on Impulse.
RPS: Ah, so developers get an instant multiplayer and online feature set for their games, and you benefit from having more games for Impulse users.
Wardell: The fact of the matter is that if we didn't have Impulse Reactor then Stardock would have to be looking at Steamworks as an alternative. If we had to look at that, you can imagine where everyone else is. If we had to release Elemental with Steam bundled… Imagine it! I'm not even being funny here: what would be my alternatives? Gamespy? Games For Windows Live? Oh, that just gets into a whole other thing.
RPS: PC developers are working in the shadow of either Steam or GFWL, now, it's true. And I think I know what system the gamers prefer. What you're saying is that they need alternatives to avoid being completely tied into Valve's service.
Wardell: Gamers expect a certain level of functionality now, especially having using Xbox Live and the PlayStation network. They expect these tools for online activity to be there right away. Are you on the Starcraft II beta?
RPS: Yes.
Wardell: So you've seen what Battle.net is like now? You've seen what Blizzard are offering? To me, that's what players are going to come to expect from their multiplayer games. How many developers have the capability to deliver that? Have you played C&C4 and Supreme Commander 2? Do they offer the same features as Battle.net?
RPS: Yeah, we've been discussing that, actually. Battle.net's front end menus and ladders and stuff are almost more impressive than the game itself.
Wardell: It just works so well: the leagues, the stats, and they have half the stuff turned off right now! So Starcraft 2 comes out and then every strategy game is going to be compared to that. This is our reasoning for Impulse Reactor: developers now need to be able to offer that sort of experience to their users if they want to be competitive. And they need to be able to do it with minimal effort. What's more they can do that with Impulse Reactor and have it in their game because they can skin our screens to look like their game. I read in our Impulse comments that someone was arguing for uniformity for friend lists and stuff across all games, but hang on for a second: can you imagine what Starcraft 2 would have looked like if it was defaulting to, say, Steamworks, for those screens? It would be a totally different thing, people would expect their experience to fit the game.
RPS: That's pretty interest as an user-experience observation. I mean, I get annoyed every time I see the GFWL overlay. If that was buried in the game UI then I'd be far less irritated by it. What I want is for a game to store my login and never bother me again. Don't ask me what profile I want to use, it's the same damn profile as last time!
Wardell: Games For Windows Live could be described the anti-Impulse Reactor. It's completely the opposite way of doing it.
RPS: But you are going to have the same kinds of feature sets? Achievements and so on?
Wardell: Yes, but the difference is the developer can call them up. It's up to them. If you use GFWL you don't have a say. “Want to use this feature? Go to the overlay.” The players have to go in there and use the GFWL UI, so to the developers. The way we're doing it is so that a developer can skin this stuff to pop up anywhere they want within their own game. It's far more natural. Not all overlays are equal! The performance difference for using Impulse Reactor is pretty massive too.
RPS: What about virtually stored savegames and stuff like that, can you actually offer that kind of service in the same way Steamworks can?
Wardell: Yes, although the way we are doing it is to just provide the developer with virtual drives, rather than specific “virtual savegames”. If they want to save some data to the cloud, then they just do that, whatever it might be. Rather than us dictating the way developers implement this stuff, we just say “here's some space for data online, use it how you want.”
RPS: Have you had any feedback so far on this stuff, actual responses from developers and publishers?
Wardell: Well it was actually developers and publishers who came to us and said “someone needs to provide an alternative”. The big things that these companies really like – and this took us by surprise – is the idea that people can log on with, say, their Facebook account. We're adding support for Twitter and OpenID too. If the user is forced to create an Impulse store account to use this stuff then it's as bad as Steamworks. People need to be able to log in with other IDs.
RPS: So no fixed account control? Devs can use whatever suits them?
Wardell: Yes, it avoids the “yet another login” problem by allowing you to use sign up with a Facebook account. It still stores some data on our servers, but it's anonymised by that point. We don't store contact data.
RPS: That all sounds pretty interesting, and I can see exactly why this has evolved. Gamers generally seem to regard Steam as the best solution, but that doesn't mean it's the only way all this stuff can work. So anyway, how is Impulse itself doing?
Wardell: Pretty well. It took us about a year to get to one million users, and we got to three million about a year after that. We're at about 10% of where Steam is, but we haven't been out for nearly as long. Where things really started rolling was where we got the major publishers on board. In the last six months we've got EA, Activision and Ubisoft on there, and then it's just an issue of getting the games up there. Things really started happening.
RPS: Any thoughts on the PCGA's report saying that global games software sales had gone up by 3% in 2009?
Wardell: How do they get that stat? How do they know?
RPS: Hard to say with an specificity…
Wardell: I doubt Valve are telling them exactly how they're doing, right? Valve had huge growth last year and we had huge growth, and I imagine Direct2Drive had huge growth, but is that what they're basing that on?
RPS: Well, if I recall correctly, they do suggest that the figure encompasses software sold digitally and at retail globally, as researched by some data company. There must be some guesswork in there.
Wardell: Ha! Well I happen to know that the big distributors are making $65 trillion a week! See, I can make up numbers too.
RPS: Okay, but you have to hope that this is an informed report and not just hot air. And the digital games sales frontier does seem to be growing rapidly. Talking to the C&C4 guy on Monday, he was saying how he'd picked up The Witcher because he'd seen it on Steam. That's going to start happening more and more as people get used to browsing and buying digitally. It's awesome for PC gaming generally, because it's a mini-revolution in throwing off the dependence on retail. The Steam sales alone are generating crazy cash.
Wardell: Most of our revenue still comes from retail, but having digital as an option has changed the relationship enormously. They used to have us by the – uh – balls, essentially, and having your business completely dependent on a handful of buyers is not okay. What it used to be like in the United States was that one store pretty much controlled all sales of software, and they would only buy from a handful of distributors. Maybe your software would get bought, maybe it would get shipped, maybe you would get paid. We've not been paid retail revenues for software because there were so many entities between us and the consumer. Digital streamlines that, and it's good.
RPS: And it's not just better for companies, it's better for gamers who want to spend their money on more obscure stuff, more esoteric stuff, more complex stuff…
Wardell: Sure, the strange thing is almost that it has taken so long to happen on PC. I mean look at the iPhone apps store. A few of those guys are now making millions of dollars on their $5 apps, and they're not hurting by not being at retail. All the matters is that it's a clean, easy buying experience. And that's what Impulse and Steam do. It's streamlined. It's easy.
RPS: So just to sum up: all this Impulse Reactor stuff is hitting in the summer?
Wardell: Well some of our partners have it now so that we can beta test, but in terms of making it available to indies and so on, yes, it'll be later in the summer. That's tied to how we're doing the multiplayer for Elemental, too. For example, when you play most traditional RTS games you are talking to each other online, and that's great until someone has a bad connection or something. With Starcraft II what Blizzard have done is to create a gazillion servers and then throws you onto a server with the other people. That's why there's no talk about port-forwarding or anything like that, and that's possible because of the kind of thing we're doing with Impulse Reactor. We're just going to connect users on the most local machine to them. And it's only in the last couple of years that virtual machines have become common. I can put dozens of virtual machines on one server machine, and just a few years ago you couldn't do that. It's a major change.
Elemental will be our full showcase of all this stuff.
RPS: And we'll talk about that tomorrow.
In possibly the greatest speech of his career, Senator John McCain identified the dangerous weaknesses and threats facing America and the world from trumpism.
“To fear the world we have organized and led for three-quarters of a century, to abandon the ideals we have advanced around the globe, to refuse the obligations of international leadership and our duty to remain ‘the last best hope of earth' for the sake of some half-baked, spurious nationalism cooked up by people who would rather find scapegoats than solve problems is as unpatriotic as an attachment to any other tired dogma of the past that Americans consigned to the ash heap of history...”
The tired dogma of the past that Donald Trump resurrects is Fascism. Do not compare Trump to the Nazis and Hitler. Compare Donald Trump to Mussolini, the founder of the Fascist ideology developed in Italy and adopted unsuccessfully in WWII Italy and Germany and quite successfully in Franco's Spain, a regime that survived right into the 1970s. Fascism as defined by Merriam-Webster:
“…is a political philosophy, movement, or regime (such as that of the Fascisti) that exalts nation and often race above the individual and that stands for a centralized autocratic government headed by a dictatorial leader, severe economic and social regimentation, and forcible suppression of opposition.”
“...For Fascism, the growth of empire, that is to say the expansion of the nation, is an essential manifestation of vitality, and its opposite a sign of decadence. Peoples which are rising, or rising again after a period of decadence, are always imperialist; and renunciation is a sign of decay and of death. Fascism is the doctrine best adapted to represent the tendencies and the aspirations of a people, like the people of Italy, who are rising again after many centuries of abasement and foreign servitude. But empire demands discipline, the coordination of all forces and a deeply felt sense of duty and sacrifice: this fact explains many aspects of the practical working of the regime, the character of many forces in the State, and the necessarily severe measures which must be taken against those who would oppose this spontaneous and inevitable movement of Italy in the twentieth century, and would oppose it by recalling the outworn ideology of the nineteenth century - repudiated wheresoever there has been the courage to undertake great experiments of social and political transformation; for never before has the nation stood more in need of authority, of direction and order. If every age has its own characteristic doctrine, there are a thousand signs which point to Fascism as the characteristic doctrine of our time.'
Russia's leader, Vladimir Putin, clearly follows fascist principals and invokes fascist language. Russia's historic mission, dying for the nation, restoring greatness are not the Soviet Union's language; it is the language of Mussolini, Hitler and sundry other fascists. Socialism and communism are repudiated for the rule of elites usually from business, military and religion.
Trump's actions follow the path well worn by fascist leaders from Putin all the way back to early last century. His goal is clearly to destroy faith in national institutions and establish himself as the only person who can ‘fix it'. Trump's cabinet appointments provide graphic evidence of intent to undermine the very government institutions protecting the government and the people.
Former Senator Jeff Sessions as head of the Justice Department was once turned down for a federal judgeship because he “he was too racist” and he has a history of being anti-equal rights and pro-authoritarian. Betsy DeVos, Secretary of Education, is fresh off harming Michigan's schools where “She has also been a force behind the spread of charter schools in Michigan, most of which have recorded student test scores in reading and math below the state average.” Also, DeVos is involved with for profit education, a field rife with fraud and lies like the infamous Trump University. Scott Pruitt, Administrator of the Environmental protection Agency and a climate denier, is a loyal fossil energy company ally and longtime enemy of the environmental agency he now leads. He directed his department to remove every reference to climate change on every departmental website.
Nearly every Trump appointment is either hostile to or completely ignorant of the agencies that they are assigned to lead. Hand selected incompetent leadership, coupled with slashed budgets, almost guarantee government bureaucratic failure and destruction of public confidence in national institutions.
Trump's cry of Fake News with every report critical of his administration is in keeping with fascist principals. Accuse the media of endangering national security. Accuse media of falsely attacking Trump's honest efforts to make America safer and stronger. Threaten media licenses. Encourage his mob to attack media. Accusing the media is an old meme. What is new is Twitter which gives Trump direct access to both the press and the population at large.
This twitter platform is replacing his White House Communications office and making mincemeat of his cabinet heads by undermining them without notice or apparent cause. Trump, dear leader, is the only person that matters. Even then, the world and allies are learning his word is worthless.
Trump's fickleness alone undermines faith in government institutions while establishing Trump as the source to trust but only momentarily. He rants: Be afraid; the world is a dangerous place. The subtext is that Trump alone can keep the country safe from grandiose threats while glorifying military and police.
Donald Trump places America extremely near or well within a fascism where business, military and religious leaders snatch unconstitutional power from the people. Will next up be a huge military parade for a major holiday, perhaps 4 July?
As Greg Hines of Crain's Chicago Business reported this week, former President Obama said; “American democracy is fragile, and unless care is taken it could follow the path of Nazi Germany in the 1930s.”
This threat is real and in power.
Half of Hongkongers get too little exercise
Hong Kong's busy pace of life means half of its residents don't get enough exercise, Ming Pao Daily reported Friday, citing a survey.
In the poll, done by the University of Hong Kong's Public Opinion Program for HKU's School of Public Health, 1,502 adults were interviewed between October and December 2013.
The amount of exercise done by 49.5 percent of the respondents failed to meet the standard of the World Health Organization, which requires at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity sports or less than 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity activity per week.
Of all respondents, 29.4 percent do no exercise every day. Among those over 65 years old, 40 percent do no exercise.
But 25.1 percent of those aged between 25 and 44 also do no exercise, the poll found.
It found a relationship between the amount of exercise and quality of life.
The happiness index for those who exercise for more than an hour each day is 7.4 percent higher than for those who don't, and their family harmony index is 4.7 percent higher.
Lam Tai-hing, a professor at HKU's School of Public Health, was quoted as saying that while some Hongkongers take part in sports for five or six hours on weekends, that cannot offset the harm brought by their daily sedentary lifestyle.
However, not doing any sports could lead in the long run to obesity, which may cause heart disease, he said.
He suggested that people move around every half an hour and do some simple exercises, such as stretching their legs and arms, even at work.
– Contact us at [email protected]
KZ/AC/FL
A new road-map from Intel surfaced on the web with the Kaby lake refresh processors, these were called Kaby Lake-H. The new Kaby Lake Refresh models however will be called the Core ix 8000 series and would supposedly be the mobile quad core parts with separated chipset.
The refresh processors will be released roughly in week 33 of 2017 reports Benchlife. The difference in-between the U and H series is based upon the used platform. The U series will be a multi-chip package, ther H series should get the processor soldered onto the PCB socket (BGA). Current Skylake-H processors have 4 cores running roughly 2 GHz with up-to 3 Ghz turbos and have a 25 Watt TDP.
The table also shows information on coffee lake, the quad-core procs would get a GT2 GPU and the hexa-core parts a GT3e GPU. You'll also spot the mention of Socket R in the table, we're quite convinced that is for Coffee Lake-X processors, if you look upwards on that chart.
All these procs will be listed in the Core ix 8000 range of products.
Guest essay by Dr. Tim Ball
The cover story of the November 25, 2013 Canadian weekly magazine Macleans pictures self-appointed Canadian environmentalist David Suzuki.
The caption reads, “Environmentalism Has Failed”“David Suzuki loses faith in the cause of his lifetime.”
Suzuki doesn't realize he‘s the cause of the failure as a major player in the group who exploited environmentalism and climate for a political agenda. Initially most listened and tried to accommodate, but gradually the lies, deceptions and propaganda were exposed. The age of eco-bullying is ending. Typically Suzuki blamed others for the damage to the environment and climate but now he blames them for not listening to him. He forgets that when you point a finger at someone three are pointing back at you.
Environmentalism was what academics call a paradigm shift, which Thomas Kuhn defines as “a fundamental change in approach or underlying assumptions.” It was a necessary new paradigm. Everybody accepts the general notion it is foolish to soil your own nest and most were prepared to participate. Most were not sure what it entailed or how far it should go. Extremists grab all new paradigms for their agenda but then define the limits for the majority by pushing beyond the limits of the idea. Environmentalism and the subset climate are at that stage pushed there by extremists like Suzuki. Instead of admitting the science is wrong they double down and make increasingly extreme statements, just like the IPCC. It underscores the political rather than the scientific agenda. For example, Suzuki, apparently frustrated that politicians were not listening to his demands for action on climate change said they should be jailed.
Environmental groups grabbed environmentalism and quickly took the moral high ground preaching that only they cared about the Earth. Suzuki set up the David Suzuki Foundation (DSF) with tax benefits that required it to be non-political, but after active involvement in an Ontario election he was forced to resign. His major theme in the election was to push the climate change and alternate energies put in place in that Province when Maurice Strong was in charge of Ontario Hydro, the state controlled energy agency. Ontario is the perfect example of how and why climate energy policies promoted by Strong as Founder of UNEP are a disaster.
The Foundation campaigned on environmental issues most presented in deceptive or incomplete ways. An example was the attack on salmon farming and corrupted research on PCBs and sea lice. This was the focus of an interview of researcher Vivian Krause by Ezra Levant. Another was Suzuki's parade across Canada pushing extinction theories and claims of DSF Board member E.O Wilson that 3 species go extinct every hour. He never named one. He never listed the plethora of new species found. He refused to discuss the issue and in his visit to schools pre-arranged and wrote a question for a selected student to ask. He promoted threats of global warming, but refused to debate the issue or answer questions. When asked questions on a radio interview in Toronto, he swore and stormed out of the studio.
He hired former Federal politician NDP (socialist party) David Fulton as Director of DSF. James Hoggan has been Chairman of the Board for many years. His PR Company has major alternate energy companies as clients. Hoggan is the proud creator of DeSmogblog a web site that claims it is “Clearing the PR Pollution that clouds climate science” but mostly involves personal attacks on people asking questions. The objective was to denigrate people by creating “favorable interpretations” to the following questions. “Were these climate skeptics qualified? Were they doing any research in the climate change field? Were they accepting money, directly or indirectly, from the fossil fuel industry?” This doesn't answer skeptics questions about the science.
Their real agenda was disclosed in a Climatic Research Unit (CRU) leaked email dated December 2007 from senior writer Richard Littlemore to Michael Mann.
Hi Michael [Mann], I'm a DeSmogBlog writer [Richard LIttlemore] (sic) (I got your email from Kevin Grandia)* and I am trying to fend off the latest announcement that global warming has not actually occurred in the 20th century. It looks to me like Gerd Burger is trying to deny climate change by “smoothing,” “correcting” or otherwise rounding off the temperatures that we know for a flat fact have been recorded since the 1970s, but I am out of my depth (as I am sure you have noticed: we're all about PR here, not much about science) so I wonder if you guys have done anything or are going to do anything with Burger's intervention in Science. (emphasis added)
(* Grandia was a former writer for DeSmogBlog who moved there after serving as a research assistant for a Liberal Minister in Ottawa.)
Do as I say, not as I do is the hallmark of extreme environmentalists behaviour. Al Gore is the poster boy for this hypocrisy. It appears Suzuki is only different in scale. They were enumerated in programs by SUN TV Reporter Ezra Levant. They include the familiar list of funding and financial activities and personal wealth accumulated, especially in properties.
A major part of Suzuki's attacks relate to global warming. His refusal to debate or even answer questions is legendary. He ignores his lack of qualifications on climate, but uses that challenge when it comes to his supposed expertise in genetics and genetically modified food. A possible explanation for his “environmentalism is a failure” claim is a PR move to divert from the exposure of his climate ignorance in an Australian interview. He could not answer questions about information fundamental to any understanding.
Suzuki abandoned his academic career in genetics decades ago explaining why in a 1999 Seattle speech. His concerns related to the internment of his Japanese Canadian family during WWII. Here are his words:
In the exuberance of the excitement over the discovery of new principles of heredity — that seemed to apply across the plant and animal kingdoms — geneticists began to make wonderful, wild statements about the implications of their discoveries. I'm sure most of you know that it ultimately led to what was considered a legitimate area of science called Eugenics. Some of our most eminent geneticists taught courses in eugenics, wrote textbooks in eugenics, published articles in eugenics journals. Eugenics being the attempt to apply the new-found knowledge of heredity to improve the genetic quality or makeup of human society.
It seems more logical to maintain standing as a geneticist and work to prevent such drifts occurring. Instead he quit and became a tele-evangelist using state television (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation) to push his environmental/political agenda.
His television series became his undoing as a classic example of how extremism is its own undoing. It's why Suzuki's exploitation of environmentalism, as he defines it, caused failure. Most programs in the series were unjustified, misleading condemnations of different components of society. I identified some of the misinformation in a presentation to farmers in Saskatchewan a few years ago. Afterward a woman told me that a month earlier she would have disagreed with my comments. Now she understood because Suzuki did a program on farming and as a farmer's wife she knew how wrong and biased it was. Each new program exposed another segment of society to the deception. This created a populace open to and not surprised by the exposure of his hypocrisies. The same is happening to climate alarmism as more and more segments of society are negatively affected. His actions and climate driven energy policies close industries, decimate communities, cause job losses and force business closures, virtually all unnecessarily.
As Suzuki's campaign to use environmentalism for a political agenda fails he lashes out, blaming others for the failure. It parallels what is happening in the climate alarmist community. The comments and claims become more extreme, but achieve the opposite of their goal. It is necessary to consider the further negative effects of their exploitation and deceptions. What is the damage to the credibility of science? Can we pursue environmentalism with rational, science based, prioritized policies?
Related articles
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
This is a story about several determined men and a football record that may or may not belong to one of them. As is often the case in these situations, it comes down to an argument about the nature of sports and statistics and comparative eras that probably will never be resolved.
Over the years, multiple parties have become embroiled in this dispute, including a gift shop owner from Alamogordo, N.M., a pro wrestler known as "Boom Boom," at least one man named Bubba and Brett Favre. But it begins in the mid-1960s, when a ferocious defensive lineman with one of the greatest nicknames in sports history coined a phrase that would become both a statistical category and a source of great angst.
[+] Enlarge Diamond Images/Getty Images Coy Bacon, shown pursuing Fran Tarkenton in 1977, believes he recorded 26 sacks the previous season.
David "Deacon" Jones was a revolutionary pass-rusher for the Rams, a 6-foot-5 mercenary whose signature move -- a ringing blow to the helmet of an offensive lineman that came to be known as a head slap -- was straight out of the Three Stooges playbook. Jones has said more than once that the only regret he harbors about his career is that he wishes he had taken the time to "kill more quarterbacks." Sometime in the 1960s, the legend goes, Jones began referring to brutal takedowns of signal-callers in the offensive backfield as "sacks." At the time, there was no statistical category for such a craven act, and the National Football League saw no need to add such a statistic.
So all through the 1960s and 1970s, men chased quarterbacks and smothered them in the dirt and grass and mud largely for fun rather than for any political or contractual purpose. Deacon Jones ushered in the modern era of the pass-rusher, passing on his techniques to his protégés, including another colleague with an unforgettable name. Born Lander McCoy Bacon, he was known to the public as Coy. He is retired now, 66 years old, but until recently Coy Bacon was a corrections officer at a youth facility near his hometown of Ironton, Ohio. Before that, he had a very brief career as a professional wrestler named "Boom Boom," and before that, he spent several years battling a cocaine problem in Washington, D.C. On Aug. 15, 1986, someone came to his door late in the evening and shot him in the upper abdomen. Bacon may or may not have owed this person money for drugs; he cannot remember anymore. This, he says, sobered him up immediately.
But way back before all those things occurred, Coy Bacon was a defensive lineman who co-opted his tactics from Deacon Jones. He was flamboyant. His emotions never lay far from the surface. He was a yapper and a head-slapper. The rumor about him, which Bacon vehemently denies, is that he was so interested in taking down quarterbacks that he refused to play against the run. Either way, he spent 14 seasons in the NFL, playing with four teams, and he made three Pro Bowls.
But it is Bacon's 1976 season with Cincinnati that lies at the center of this story. Because in 1976, Coy Bacon was virtually unblockable.
Masters of the sack Coy Bacon
Unofficially recorded 26 or 22 or 21½ sacks in 1976, depending on whom you believe. Al "Bubba" Baker
Unofficially, Lions DE had 23 or 21½ -- again, depending on whom you believe -- as a rookie in 1978.
Chris Doleman
Former Viking led NFL with 21 in 1989 and ranks No. 4 all-time with 150½; also played for Falcons, 49ers. Mark Gastineau
Former Jets star led the NFL with 19 in 1983 and 22 in '84, the latter a record that stood until 2001.
Deacon Jones
Unofficially, the former Rams star and Hall of Famer had 22 sacks in
both 1964 and '68.
Bruce Smith
The NFL career leader with 200, his single-season best was 19 for Bills in 1990; eligible for Hall of Fame in 2009.
Michael Strahan
Former Giants star owns the official single-season record with 22½; ranks fifth on the career list with 141½. Lawrence Taylor
Giants Hall of Famer led NFL with 20½ in 1986 and is tied for eighth on the career list with 132½.
Derrick Thomas
Former Chiefs star led NFL with 20 in 1990 -- including a league-record seven in one game -- and ranks 11th all-time with 126½.
Reggie White
Eagles and Packers Hall of Famer led NFL with 21 in 1987 and ranks second on career list with 198.
"Couldn't anybody stop me," he said recently. "They just double-teamed me, because I had confidence one man couldn't stop me on a pass rush. That was a good year."
It was so good that, according to certain tallies, it has never been matched. That year, according to the inital counts, Coy Bacon had 26 sacks. Bacon recalls the number being printed on his football card. He says he still has a videotape of an announcer (he couldn't remember who it was) proclaiming on national television that he finished the season with 26 sacks, and, for him, this is enough to make it official.
"Twenty-six sacks would be a record," he said. "We know that for a fact."
According to the ESPN Sports Almanac, Michael Strahan set the NFL record for sacks in a single season when he recorded 22½ in 2001. But there is also this note, underneath the official tallies:
The NFL did not officially begin compiling sacks until 1982. Cincinnati's Coy Bacon is widely, although not officially, credited with 26 sacks during the 1976 season.
Let us also not forget the culmination of Strahan's season, in which he essentially cuddled on the turf with his good friend Brett Favre to set the record. It was such an obvious fraud that it made many people question how this could possibly count, and it made you wonder, as Deacon Jones once asked, "Since when does 'all-time' begin in 1982?"
So I called the Elias Sports Bureau, which keeps all the official statistics for all the major sports leagues in this country. I spoke to a man whose name I cannot use because he never gave it to me, and whom I cannot quote because he declined to be quoted, and who didn't want to be forced to repudiate my premise. At times, I felt like I was engaging in a semantic discussion with the Comic Book Guy from "The Simpsons."
To summarize: The Elias Sports Bureau feels as if there is no need to revise the history before 1982 because it would be impossible. They claim it would be impossible because there is no uniformity, because there was no standard definition of a sack before 1982, because then you fall into that statistical booby trap of comparing generations, and therefore, to go back to the play-by-play sheets and videotapes is both time-consuming and useless. In fact, Seymour Siwoff of Elias told Pro Football Weekly a couple of years ago that the only reason sacks were adopted as an official statistic in 1982 is because an increased number of incentive clauses and bonuses were built into contracts. This led to increased complaints and queries about statistics, which essentially, Siwoff said, "forced our hand."
It is a reasonable argument, I suppose. Except a few days earlier, I had spoken to a man named John Turney who seems to have accomplished the impossible. Turney is the aforementioned gift shop owner from New Mexico, but he is also a statistical wonk of the highest order, and he spent several years of his life traveling to various cities and studying those play-by-play sheets and studying film and attempting to determine how many sacks men such as Deacon Jones and Coy Bacon really had.
Turney acknowledges Elias' argument that the play-by-play sheets are not perfect, and that they might, in fact, contain errors. But, he adds, "There are errors in all statistics," and therefore, who's to say the "official" numbers are airtight? For instance, in 2000 -- well, I'll allow him to explain:
"The year La'Roi Glover led the NFL in sacks, he was credited with one sack that should have gone to Joe Johnson. Johnson forced a fumble and when Glover tackled the quarterback the ball was already free, so in my opinion Johnson should have gotten that sack. That would have given Glover 16 for that season. Warren Sapp had 16½, so in my view Sapp led the NFL in sacks in 2000, not Glover."
[+] Enlarge Tony Tomsic/NFL/Getty Images Deacon Jones began the use of the now-illegal head slap in the '60s.
Clearly, this man has done some homework. And according to Turney's numbers, Coy Bacon did not, in fact, have 26 sacks in 1976 -- not unless you count half-sacks as complete sacks, which is not the way it is done today. But Bacon had 21½, which, considering he did it in 14 games instead of 16 games, is still pretty remarkable, and arguably more impressive than either Mark Gastineau's 22 in 1984 or Strahan's 21½ (subtracting one Favre flop) in 2001 -- even though Strahan and Gastineau did it years after the head slap had been outlawed. "That ought to be wondrous in and of itself," Turney said of Bacon.
Equally wondrous: Deacon Jones, who, according to Turney's counts, had 22 in both 1964 and 1968, and Al "Bubba" Baker of the Detroit Lions, who had either 21½ or 23 in 16 games in 1978, depending on whether you believe Turney's count or the count of a friend of his, who studied film and insists Baker had five sacks in a game against Tampa Bay that year rather than 3½. (For what it's worth, the Lions' media guide credits Baker with 23 in 1978; the Bengals' media guide credits Bacon with 22 in 1976. Which only makes this more confusing.)
Turney says he has reached a "detente situation" with Elias, regarding his tallies of both single-season and career sack numbers, which is probably in the best interest of both parties. This can all get a little nauseating after a while, especially for those of us who still struggle with remedial mathematics. His only purpose for pursuing an objective truth, he says, was his own edification, and, at some level, he is satisfied. "Now I at least know the answer," he said. "Whether the NFL accepts this or not is not really relevant."
It's a fair point. Maybe there is no way to argue this rationally. Nobody is going to forget Deacon Jones, who is now in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, or Michael Strahan, who will soon be there himself. The value of their career numbers might be in dispute, but the value of their careers is not.
For men such as Coy Bacon and Bubba Baker, perhaps there is something to be said for practicing their craft in the era of unofficial numbers. Maybe it is the best thing that could have happened to them because no one will ever be able to dispute them with some so-called "objective" truth. And aren't the best arguments in sports those that cannot possibly be examined objectively? In Coy Bacon's mind, the number is 26, and it will always be 26, and if he says he did it while running uphill, both ways, in a snowstorm, while wearing a suit of armor underneath his uniform, who are we to say he's exaggerating?
"They bring Jim Brown's stats up, so why can't they bring the sack numbers up?" Bacon said. "Strahan -- that was a gimme, man. That was terrible. We didn't have that stuff back in the old days, but what can you say? They're gonna do what they want to do, anyway."
He sighed into the phone.
"Ain't no real deal," he said. "We know that."
Michael Weinreb's book "Game of Kings: A Year Among the Oddballs and Geniuses Who Make Up America's Top High School Chess Team" has been released in paperback by Gotham Books. He is working on a book about sports in the 1980s. He can be reached at michaelweinreb.com.
'We are now deeply concerned by reports of military movements,' Obama says. Obama to Russia: Stay out of Ukraine
President Barack Obama on Friday issued a blunt and direct warning to Russian President Vladimir Putin: stay out of Ukraine.
If not, he said, there will be consequences — though he didn't say what those might be.
Story Continued Below
“We are now deeply concerned by reports of military movements taken by the Russian Federation inside of Ukraine,” Obama said, speaking at the White House. “Any violation of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity would be deeply destabilizing.”
( Also on POLITICO: Barack Obama's full remarks on Ukraine)
As a first sign of where things could go next, a senior administration official said the president is considering scrapping a planned trip to the G-8 summit to be held in Sochi in June. In September, he canceled a planned summit with Putin that would have been held as part of his trip to Russia for the G-20 conference.
“We are consulting with European partners and considering options,” the official said. “It is hard to see how we and other European leaders would attend the G-8 in Sochi if Russia is intervening in Ukraine.”
U.S.-Russian relations have taken a steep nosedive in recent months, but the Ukrainian situation threatens to bring things to a direct standoff for the first time.
Obama said his administration has remained in close touch with Russian officials since he and Putin spent over an hour on the phone themselves last week, and while he hoped that the Russians would play a role in Ukraine's future, it would not be determinative.
“We've made clear that they can be part of an international community's effort,” Obama said.
In language that's about as tough as it gets within diplomacy, Obama warned Russia against a “profound interference” and what would be a “clear violation” of international laws.
Russian military or political intervention, Obama said, would “invite the condemnation of nations around the world, and the United States will stand with the international community in affirming that there will be costs from any violation.”
Obama said that Vice President Joe Biden had just spoken again to the Ukrainian prime minister “to reaffirm the United States' strong support for the new government and our commitment to the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and democratic future of Ukraine.”
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew also discussed economic developments with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk this afternoon.
( PHOTOS: Ukraine violence)
Immediately after his remarks, Obama headed to a hotel a few blocks from the White House for a speech to the Democratic National Committee winter meeting, where he was interrupted by a heckler.
“Tell us about your plan for nuclear war with Russia!” the man shouted.
“What the heck are you talking about?” Obama said. “I don't know anything about that plan. I don't know what you've been reading.”
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych fled Ukraine's capital last week, leaving protesters roaming his lavish presidential palace in Kiev and the rest of the country in uncertainty. On Tuesday, the Ukrainian Parliament made its speaker, Oleksandr Turchynov, the new acting president.
But the week has been notably without violence.
Obama said he “commend[s] the Ukrainian government's restraint,” adding that nothing should interfere with the elections scheduled to take place in May.
One of his top diplomats went even further earlier Friday.
“The United States calls upon Russia to pull back the military forces that are being built up in the region, to stand down and to allow the Ukrainian people the opportunity to pursue their own government, create their own destiny, and to do so freely without intimidation or fear,” U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power said at the United Nations shortly before Obama came to the podium.
The turmoil in Ukraine erupted over Yanukovych's attempts to draw his country closer to Russia, and Putin, instead of toward the European Union, as many Ukrainians said they wanted.
Appearing Friday in Russia for his first in-person appearance in a week, Yanukovych called for calm — but also denied he had been deposed, and said he was still the legitimate president of the country.
BY JAMES HUG S.J | May 31, 2014
Editor's Note: As predicted by Fr. Hug, on June 2, 2014, President Obama announced Environmental Protection Agency regulations to cut carbon pollution from the nation's power plants 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030.
Care about climate change and its impacts on all of us? How could you not?! Take a moment to read Miami Archbishop Thomas Wenski's May 29th letter to EPA administrator Gina McCarthy on behalf of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. It is a model for faith-based advocacy letters; would that all were so well done.
And it is timely, coming out just in time to greet President Obama's June 2nd directive to the EPA for the first national standards on carbon pollution from existing fossil-fuel-fired power plants—our biggest source of global warming pollution. These standards are sure to come under intense attack from those whose short-term economic interests will be affected negatively.
What does the letter say and why is it so good?
From the very first paragraph it emphasizes that the standards to reduce carbon pollution from existing power plants must be strong so that they protect the most vulnerable of all ages – the preferential option for the poor and vulnerable that is the hallmark of Catholic social tradition.
He also situates the issue immediately in its most important theological context: Creation is a profound gift from God to be cared for in gratitude and used for the benefit of all. The issues of carbon pollution and climate change are not just scientific or technical issues; they are deeply religious issues about which the Church can and must speak out.
He appeals to scientific evidence that can be verified: that these power plants are the “largest stationary source of carbon emissions in the U.S.” And he highlights the social injustice of the environmental racism and classism in the location of the plants, again pointing out the harmful impact on the most vulnerable. He recognizes that new regulations will have short-term negative effects on some workers and urges support for them as well as a just distribution of the costs to be incurred.
He appeals to Scripture (Matthew 25 – the Last Judgment), to the principles of Catholic Social Teaching (human life and dignity, the common good, community participation, subsidiarity), to a previous teaching document (Global Climate Change: A Plea for Dialogue, Prudence and the Common Good), and to the most popular world leader today, Pope Francis. Pick your favorite authoritative source!
He points to the Church's extensive empirical experience on the ground: describing the sufferings encountered in the communities where Catholic Relief Services works around the world among the most needy. Catholic Charities institutions too are being overwhelmed by the human suffering and need generated by more violent storms, wildfires, floods, droughts and more.
Recognizing the global extent of the problems the human community is facing, Archbishop Wenski calls on the U.S. government to “exercise leadership for a globally negotiated climate change agreement.” Charity is not enough. Global political solidarity in structure and policy are needed. The U.S. has for too long been an obstacle to strong international climate agreements, preferring instead to protect shortsighted corporate interests.
Finally he indicates the readiness of the Bishops' Conference to work with the Administration and Congress “to ensure that measures necessary to address climate change both care for creation and protect ‘the least of these.'”
Why not add your voice in support of the U.S. Bishops on this crucial set of issues? Drop a note to EPA administrator Gina McCarthy (mccarthy.gina@epa.gov) expressing your strong support for meaningful, effective and enforceable national standards.
Welcome to the real Tinseltown: Reservoir Dogs, Jurassic Park, Sunset Boulevard... If a town was mapped by movies, this would be its A to Z...
Think you know La-La Land like the back of your hand?
Manchester-based design agency Dorothy has pulled nearly 1,000 place names from the world of cinema, stitching them together to create an impressively detailed and authentic map – stylistically based on old maps of Los Angeles.
Most street names are film titles, but a lot of the amenities and local landmarks are named after well-known places in films.
The real life locations: Only four are both Hollywood film titles and Hollywood street names: Sunset Boulevard, Hollywood Boulevard, Mulholland Drive and Sunset Strip
Here are some of our favourite details featured on the map.
THE BARS
Some of the nightspots featured on the map are films in their own right – Jamaica Inn, for example. But some of the others are taken from classic films; you'd probably recognise Star Wars' Mos Eisley Cantina, or Casablanca's Rick's Café Americain, but can you place the rest of these drinking establishments? The Slaughtered Lamb; Jack Rabbit Slim's; the Prancing Pony; the Korova Milk Bar; the Winchester; Fat Sam's Grand Slam Speakeasy; Nat's Bar. (Answers below)
On the map: Jurassic Park (left) and Reservoir Dogs (right)
THE REAL LIFE LOCATIONS
Naturally, there are plenty of films named after real places – Notting Hill and Brick Lane from London, and Times Square, Madison Avenue and Wall St from New York – and that's before you even get to all the Main Streets and Broadways. But only four are both Hollywood film titles and Hollywood street names: Sunset Boulevard, Hollywood Boulevard, Mulholland Drive and Sunset Strip.
HARRY'S HANGOUTS
Star Wars and The Lord Of The Rings get a few mentions, but someone at Dorothy clearly has a soft spot for Harry Potter; the franchise gets more places on the map than any other. Hogwarts, the Philosopher's (and Sorcerer's, for U.S. fans) Stone, the Leaky Cauldron, Diagon Alley, the Deathly Hallows and the Chamber of Secrets are all represented. Even Azkaban gets a nod, marked off the edge of the map.
(Answers - An American Werewolf In London, Pulp Fiction, Lords of the Rings, A Clockwork Orange, Shaun Of The Dead, Bugsy Malone, The Lost Weekend)
Australis landing soon
The short summary: We're planning to land Australis on Nightly on Monday, November 18th. \o/ Please file bugs if you encounter add-on problems. Some further details for those who, uhh, like detail: Per the last update on firefox-dev, all our existing performance blockers have been addressed, and the last-minute perf issue that popped up (bug 937519) will be resolved by a backout of the m-c patch that caused it. A summary of the expected Talos regressions is on https://wiki.mozilla.org/Firefox/Australis/Expected_talos_changes (we should probably list the performance improvements there too!). Out of caution, I'll note that it's remotely possible that fallout from bug 937997 ("Trunk trees closed due to OOMs") could slightly delay the landing... Mozilla-central has been closed for a few days to investigate a memory leak (completely unrelated to Australis!), but top people are working on getting the tree reopened ASAP. The general plan is the same as before: we are landing on Nightly, and will backout from Aurora upon uplift. So, next week's Nightly 28 will have Australis, but after uplift (on December 9th) Aurora 28 will not. Nightly 29 will continue to have Australis. It's possible Australis will ride the 29 train through to release with Firefox 29 (April 15th). But we'll be evaluating at each uplift if Australis is ready to ship -- and hold it back again if not. We'll be maintaining a temporary branch ("holly") of mozilla-central with Australis backed out. See http://msujaws.wordpress.com/2013/11/08/australis-landing-plans/ This will run the usual complement of tests and Talos to help ensure the non-Australis Aurora uplift will not have hidden bugs. If anyone has a strong preference to avoid Australis, running these builds would be a good way to do so while still helping us catch any problems for Aurora! Note that to ease maintenance of the backout branch, we will have an effective feature freeze for non-Australis code changing things Australis also changes (the tabstrip and customization, basically). I don't expect this to really affect anyone, because everyone who usually works on such code is either already working on Australis, is in close contact with someone who does, or will need deep code-review from someone who does. Let me know if you're concerned this may impact you (it probably doesn't), and we can figure it out. Australis is in pretty reasonable shape, bug-wise. See https://people.mozilla.org/~mnoorenberghe/australis/ for an overview (the Bugzilla API is slow, sorry, so it takes a while to load). This is basically showing the tree of bugs rooted under the main Australis metabug, bug 870032. Many of the existing bugs are minor or have limited impact. As with every software project, not all of them will be fixed before shipping. But we'll be continuing to slash away at the list. We're particularly interested in add-on compatibility. Most will work as-is. Some will need changes, often simple to make. A few will require deeper fixes. Australis has a lot of changes, and it's difficult to predict what assumptions a specific add-on has made, or how severe a glitch may be. In some cases we may be able to make changes in Australis to restore compatibility. So, please file bugs about broken add-ons, and help us contact add-on developers so they have time to make changes. We're working on an updated list of Australis changes and fixes, and will publish that soon. Finally, if you haven't yet tried Australis, you can try it right now with our UX builds: http://people.mozilla.org/~jwein/ux-nightly/ Justin
Lupe Fiasco's new album introduces itself with a shocking display of force: “Dopamine Lit (Intro)” is two minutes and 49 seconds of foghorn bass, fiery bars, and a half-joking, half-drunken chorus that includes a Billboard flip-off, a Lord of the Rings reference, and some self-consciously nonsensical trap grunts, for good measure. The song especially feels like a pleasant surprise attack when held against the eternally put-upon rapper's consistently inconsistent delivery over the last few years. DROGAS Light may not surpass his auspicious debut, 2006's Food & Liquor, but it is easily the least scattered statement he's made in about a decade.
Not coincidentally, it is also the first album he is releasing independently after concluding his long and unhappy relationship with Atlantic Records. So rather than turning in a collection of songs that are easily sorted into column A (safer, radio-playable, label-approved) and column B (self-indulgent and somewhat superior), Lupe goes hard at a coherent sound on every single track, most pointedly on the album's stellar first half. But coherence is not the only or most important difference here. There's also an unexpected sonic strategy that finds Lupe unleashing a relentless assault of huge 808s, bomb-tick snares, and constantly chopped'n'popping vocal samples; he's simultaneously trying on sounds of the moment while retaining his contrarian viewpoint on modern trap trends.
Unchained from major-label groupthink, Lupe doesn't go completely left with a set of stiflingly dense art-raps. Instead, many of these tracks seem purpose-built to compete with Rae Sremmurd and Migos for sheer bumpability, while lyrically running laps around them. The trap-heavy production is a major asset; 808s and psychedelic ambience provide Lupe with a vehicle for his worldview, which is critical of the genre's gangster tropes. “You have seen the movie/They killed the n***ga/Why you still wanna be like Scarface?” he raps on “NGL.”
This novel collision of style and substance is a welcome switch in approach for the rapper. Lupe never quite felt comfortable in the boom-bap lineage of backpacker rap that some fans and critics have wanted him to stick to ever since “Kick Push” cast him as an unlikely torchbearer of the Native Tongues ethos back in 2006. He soon found his own mold—a mix of West Coast and Midwest gangsta rap influences with an emo/goth-pop aesthetic that never quite worked for anybody except diehard fans. Unfortunately, a few DROGAS cuts, like “Made in the USA” and “Pick Up the Phone,” still fall into that underwhelming category. The filter house outing “It's Not Design” and dance-rocky “Wild Child” also feel like throwbacks to the days of base-covering radio singles—concessions to a label boss he's already fired.
DROGAS' bold new sound, however, demands to be measured, less against Lupe's own catalog than the current field of sources he's drawing from and bouncing off of. The best songs on the album feel kindred in spirit to some of Kanye's The Life of Pablo but are nowhere near as original, transgressive, or transportive. Run the Jewels have combined 808s with subversive strains of anger and paranoia to stronger effect, not to mention Kendrick. And even compared with artists like 2 Chainz and Migos, Lupe's bars lack a certain snap. That's because he is only here to flirt and subvert—he is not really in the moment, not really about that life. Plays on drug slang provide this album with much of its imagery—“Tranquillo,” in particular, serves as sort of key to the record's central conceit—but overall the listener gets the sense that is Lupe still too self-conscious to truly loosen up, get lifted, and achieve the altered state that is so key to Future's screwed soul or Kanye's gospel-inflected high.
Ultimately, DROGAS Light reaffirms, rather than fundamentally alters, Lupe's place in the rap pantheon. He's always been too lyrical and heady to count out as an innovator in the game, even if his moves sometimes make you want to do just that. But here, with a newfound urgency to his sound, he proves once again that he is still the brainy smurf of rap.
This month's Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment has a brief article about a new proposed conservation strategy that seems perfect for a Southern Fried Science ethical debate. Northern spotted owls (Strix occidentalis caurina) are one of the most famous endangered species in the United States. While solutions to the destruction of their habitat by logging have been debated for years, a new threat has been recently identified- encroachment on their limited habitat by another species of owl (the barred owl, Strix varia). Some conservationists now believe that we need to kill barred owls to protect spotted owls.
Bob Sallinger, the Conservation Director of Portland's Audubon Society, explains why this is such a tricky issue:
“Shooting hundreds, perhaps thousands of barred owls, in perpetuity, is a horrible thing to contemplate – but the [possible] extinction of the spotted owl is also profoundly difficult to accept”, he said.
Barred owls are not endangered. It is likely that without habitat restoration and removal of barred owls, the Northern spotted owl will go extinct.
According to the article, the US Fish and Wildlife Service expects to make a decision on whether or not to attempt small-scale barred owl removal experiments within a few months. They have also hired an ethicist to help sort out this problem.
Do you think it is acceptable to kill large numbers of a non-endangered species in order to prevent the extinction of an endangered similar species?
Do you think it is acceptable to allow an endangered species to go extinct by choosing to not kill a similar non-endangered species?
Do you think it should be within the authority of endangered species management bodies to kill animals that threaten those endangered species, or does killing animals go against the point of conservation?
Is this a dangerous precedent or an innovative new conservation idea?
The article does note that without a workable plan for restoring the old-growth forest habitat, even removing all the barred owls from the spotted owl habitat won't help. Let's assume for the sake of this discussion that there is a plan in place to restore old-growth forest habitat for the spotted owls, and only focus on the killing of barred owls.
~WhySharksMatter
Feel free to publish this article on your website. We just ask that you do not edit the article and ensure that the author is correctly attributed! Just copy the code below into your CMS.
By copying the code below you are adhering to all our guidelines
The Dawn of a New Age... and Melbourne's new tallest building?
Just when you thought you had seen it all, along comes a scheme of epic proportions relative to anything previously seen in Melbourne; it simply leaves you gobsmacked!
Following on from their successful Upper West Side multi-tower project on the former Lonsdale Street Power Station site, developer Far East Consortium has once again engaged Cottee Parker. The architecture firm has recently lodged an Application for Modification to Master Plan for the 1.2ha site at 250 Spencer Street - directly opposite Upper West Side and formerly home to The Age newspaper. The proposal continues the current trend of tall, slender towers appearing within Melbourne's CBD and Southbank, while simultaneously taking urban density to a whole new level - 2,853 apartments and 488 hotel suites in total.
Cottee Parker have once more employed the podium and tower typology - considered standard practice in the CBD - to create a vertical village comprising 4 residential towers ranging in height from a minimum 205 metres to a maximum of 300 metres, potentially usurping Eureka Tower to become Melbourne's tallest building given that other towers seeking the crown have stumbled. The individual tower envelopes present as a series of extruded irregular floor plates, defined by sculpted crystalline shards at their pinnacles. The two tallest towers are located to Spencer Street with the 295-300 metre Tower 1 occupying the prominent corner with Lonsdale Street.
Previously held by ISPT Super Property who in turn gained planning approval for a Bates Smart designed, six tower master plans, it emerged mid year that 250 Spencer Street had been sold to Far East Consortium.
Master plan changes
Changes to ISPT's endorsed master plan are listed in the application and are as follows:
A proposal for four towers above a podium. The endorsed scheme has six towers. With four towers there is greater amenity internally with increased setbacks between the towers.
A proposal for higher towers to maintain a similar density of apartments. Towers range from 62 to 85 storeys. Towers in the endorsed scheme range from 39 to 78 storeys.
The potential inclusion of two hotels occupying opposite corners of the development.
Greater activation of the ground plane due to minimal penetration of the building face for vehicular access.
Additional retail and hotel facilities at Level 1 above ground.
All loading and delivery facilities are below ground in Basement 1 accessed via a vehicular ramp off Little Lonsdale Street. The endorsed scheme has all servicing at ground level off a service road through the site.
Inclusion of a central open landscaped spine running north/south through the site. This is principally a pedestrian zone, but part of it is shared with a one way vehicular route for drop-off to hotels and residential buildings. A proposed park area will be integrated into the northern part of the open space with frontage along Little Lonsdale Street. The endorsed scheme does not allow this level of amenity.
Additional implementation of east/west pedestrian access through the site to enhance activation and connectivity to the north/south spine.
A reduction of the number of car spaces above grade by providing basement parking. The endorsed scheme has no basements and provides all car spaces above grade. The proposed scheme has 4 levels of basement with the balance of car spaces above grade.
Greater activation of the podium by providing more apartments to the perimeter face extending to the top of the podium. The endorsed scheme has apartments to level 3 and open (screened) car parking levels beyond.
The development will be designed and delivered as a wholistic precinct. There is no intention of selling off separate development lots. The endorsed scheme was planned for 6 individual lots to be sold separately.
Residential traffic is separated from service vehicle traffic with vehicular access consolidated to 2 entrances, one up to podium levels and one down to basements, from Merriman Lane.
There is active frontage of various uses to all faces at ground.
There is active frontage to the majority of the podium form from Level 1 to the podium roof top.
Where podium carparking levels are proposed these floors are used to help ameliorate wind issues. Carparking is screened or hidden from street view.
The proposed scheme has podium heights from 8 to 11 storeys. The endorsed scheme has podium heights from 9 to 10 storeys.
Overall the modifications and variations result in positive outcomes for potentially dwellers via fewer but taller towers with greater separation between them (10m setback), allowing increased natural light penetration. Cottee Parker's scheme also provides what should be an exceptional experience to the pedestrian at street level - a huge improvement over the endorsed scheme which offered a fairly mediocre pedestrian experience internally by way of provision of a network of laneways which acted as vehicular thoroughfares, only because it was easier to carve up and sell the site.
Luckily that didn't eventuate and a superior response has been developed. Varied heights suggest that hopefully depending upon the facade strategy employed, the towers will read as individual elements rather than one great wall which is one of Upper West Side's shortcomings.
Features of the master plan
4 levels of basement parking, with 1816 spaces in total
The ground floor plane will be activated by foyers for apartment towers, separate foyers for both hotels, retail tenancies and a 1,350 sqm internal plaza featuring a food court
Active uses to podium frontages in the form of hotel rooms, function areas, apartments, a ballroom and retail tenancies.
Tower 1, corner of Spencer Street & Lonsdale Street : 85-storeys (295-300m) tower featuring a 228 suite, 5-star hotel, hotel facilities and amenities such as bar and restaurant facilities, a spa centre, pool, gymnasium occupying the top 14 floors. A sky lobby check-in tops it all off on level 84 with the balance of floor space dedicated to 750 apartments. There is provision for 465 resident parking spaces and 30 for the hotel.
Tower 2, corner of Little Lonsdale Street and Spencer Street : 74-storeys (235-240m) - 805 apartments and 500 parking spaces.
Tower 3, corner of Merriman Lane and Little Lonsdale Street: 62-storeys (205-210m) - a 260 suite, 3-4 star hotel within the podium levels and lower levels of the tower with 520 apartments above and 321 parking spaces overall.
Tower 4, corner of Lonsdale Street and Merriman Lane: 68-storeys (225-230m) - 778 apartments.
The widening of Merriman Lane increasing the overall area to 380 sqm.
A 450 sqm north facing park in addition to the landscaped podium rooftops.
Brief timeline
ISPT and JV partner at the time, Perth-based Axiom Properties purchased the site in 2008 for $66.1m. After an invited competition Hassell were engaged to prepare a master plan for the 1.52ha site.
The development partners then sought approval for a Hassell-designed twin-tower scheme of 52 & 40-storeys respectively, on the eastern most portion, including the retention and adaptive re-use of the Reidy's building with retail spilling out onto Elliot and Merriman Lanes.
Upon gaining approval the JV partners promptly put the site with Planning Permit on the market before it was snapped up by Central Equity for $17m who engaged Doig Architecture to devise a new two tower schemes, the first stage of which is open to registrations
After 40 years, The Age vacated 250 Spencer Street in October 2009 - relocating to their shiny new digs down the road at Media House, thus releasing the remainder of the site for development. Axiom sells it's share of the site to ISPT.
ISPT received approval for the Bates Smart conceived residential master plan - comprising approximately 3,000 apartments across 6 towers ranging in height from 135-220m - in January 2013 before putting the site up for sale.
Far East Consortium snapped up the site mid-year with anticipated settlement in 2014.
Project team
Developer: Far East Consortium
Architects: Cottee Parker
Structural Engineers: Winward Structures
Traffic Engineer: Cardno
ESD Consultant: Wood & Grieve
Services, Fire & Lift: Wood & Grieve
Hydraulics: Hydrautech
Building Surveyor: Philip Chun
Town Planner: Fulcrum Planning
Wind Engineer: Melconsultants
Facade Engineer: BG & E Consulting
It will be intriguing to see how the mainstream media approaches the revised 250 Spencer Street submission. Will they rail against the towers increased height or will they acknowledge that at face value, Cottee Parker's scheme seems to have numerous public realm benefits over the previously approved master plan while maintaining a similar number of apartments. We can't answer that but one thing for sure, you read it on Urban Melbourne first.
This article is republished from Urban.com.au under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
Share 0 SHARES
A NOTORIOUSLY non ‘fat bitch' in the Waterford area of Europe has today sensationally criticised her own decision to eat a croissant and a chocolate bar, WWN can confirm.
Local slim woman, Rebecca Hangatty (22), was sitting on the couch in the house she shares with three friends when she made the decision to point out what a fat bitch she had become after consuming 30 grams of chocolate, something the vast majority of slim and not slim people do periodically throughout their lives on a daily basis.
“The absolute state of me lads, look at that like,” Hangatty said clutching her flat stomach in frustration at herself, “oh my God, I'm such a fat bitch”.
Hangatty was all the more disappointed and ashamed of herself as this irresponsible suicidal food mad binge-fest was the second one she had engaged in this decade.
“Lads, you'll have stuff into my dress come Saturday. Like, I'm out of control,” Hangatty said, insinuating the combination of a chocolate bar and a croissant would render her body unrecognisable from its current form come the end of the week.
Keen not to pile on the misery for the out of control Hangatty and agree with her assertion that she was indeed a fat bitch, her three housemates silently watched TV and ignored her, preferring instead to grind their teeth in a quiet rage.
Alternative Views:
Using crystal clear plastic allows homebrewers full view of the vessel and the ability to see the yeast in action. Easily dump yeast from the conical and clarify beer without needing to rack into another vessel. Cut down on unnecessary additional equipment and the risk of infection and oxidation by consolidating the fermenting, clarifying, and carbonation to one vessel.
Another revolutionary aspect of the Fermentasaurus is that you can serve directly from it. Save money and time by using it as a keg.
One key feature of the Fermentasaurus is that it gives homebrewers the ability to naturally carbonate their beer directly in the Fermentasaurus allowing for direct dispensing. Thus eliminating the need for additional carbonation in a keg or in bottles.
Integrated into the Fermentasaurus is a sanitary butterfly valve with stainless gate. This butterfly valve has been designed so that no threads are immersed in liquid when the conical is in use. Doing so helps ensure that cleanup and sanitation isn't a hassle.
Included:
A pressure rated 500ml yeast harvesting container. This handy container allows for saving your yeast for use in your next brew.
Airlock and lid. By default the Fermentasaurus is unpressurised, making it ideal for brewers who are not interested in carbonation.
An easy-to-use hose barb for dump port is also included. Use it to attach tubing or easily fill your bottles.
Stainless Steel Stand. The Fermentasaurus is now available for the first time in Canada, this unique conical PET fermenter is the first to be fully pressurizable up to 2.4 Bar working pressure. This conical is only possible thanks to the use of highly specialized PET grade plastic and the use of a new type of PET injection/blow moulding machine.Using crystal clear plastic allows homebrewers full view of the vessel and the ability to see the yeast in action. Easily dump yeast from the conical and clarify beer without needing to rack into another vessel. Cut down on unnecessary additional equipment and the risk of infection and oxidation by consolidating the fermenting, clarifying, and carbonation to one vessel.Another revolutionary aspect of the Fermentasaurus is that you can serve directly from it. Save money and time by using it as a keg.One key feature of the Fermentasaurus is that it gives homebrewers the ability to naturally carbonate their beer directly in the Fermentasaurus allowing for direct dispensing. Thus eliminating the need for additional carbonation in a keg or in bottles.Integrated into the Fermentasaurus is a sanitary butterfly valve with stainless gate. This butterfly valve has been designed so that no threads are immersed in liquid when the conical is in use. Doing so helps ensure that cleanup and sanitation isn't a hassle. Price: $ 163.99
Availability: Usually Ships in 24 Hours Usually Ships in 24 Hours Quantity:
Email me when Back-In-Stock
With the rumored retirement of Justice Kennedy, President Trump could have the ability to appoint two Supreme Court justices within the first 7-months of his term. This raises the question, once again, whether life tenure is a good idea.
The lack of term limits has a profound effect on the nominations of Supreme Court justices. Instead of choosing justices on the basis of their experience and maturity, presidents have incentive to choose younger nominees to pack the court with justices who will reflect the incumbent party's values for as long as possible. The justices, themselves, appear to time their retirement to coincide with the term of a president who will select a replacement with a similar political idealism. And the confirmation process has become more adversarial, as shown with the Republicans refusing to even grant a hearing to Merrick Garland, Obama's nominee.
There is no other foreign country that has a supreme court whose judges have life tenure. And doing so makes the distribution of appointments very uneven. For instance, Nixon had four appointments in four and a half years. While George W. Bush had none in his first term (although, he did have two in his second).
In 2006, the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy proposed:
Congress and the states should pass a constitutional amendment imposing an eighteen‐year, staggered term limit on the tenure of Supreme Court Justices. Under our proposal, each Justice would serve for eighteen years, and the terms would be established so that a vacancy on the Court would occur every two years at the beginning of the summer recess in every odd‐numbered year. These terms would be structured so the turnover of Justices would occur during the first and third year of a President's four‐year term
To do so would open Supreme Court positions to people in their 50's and 60's with more experience instead of focusing on ones in their 40's who, presumably, will be on the court for decades. It would also result in a court that more accurately reflects the changes in the fabric of society.
As it stands, the future of our country could be determined by a one-term president shaping the court for decades followed by a two-term president with no appointments. It is time to regularize the appointment of Supreme Court justices. Whether or not Justice Kennedy retires, it is time to fix the system.
Advertisements
SteeperUSA
It's still no match for the human hand, but RSL Steeper's BeBionic 3 looks way cooler.
The company is launching a more powerful, durable version of its prosthetic today at a gathering of the American Orthotic Prosthetic Association (AOPA) in Boston.
The BeBionic 3 has an aluminum chassis, improved electronics, a redesigned thumb, and new motors that increase the power grip strength from 16.8 pounds to 31.5 pounds, according to SteeperUSA.
In hook mode, when a weight is carried by all fingers, the hand can bear 99 pounds, up from 70.5 pounds.
The hand works by detecting faint electrical signals in the user's arm skin. These are amplified by the electronics and translated into one of 14 possible grips. Users can cycle through a choice of eight of these that are uploaded to the hand and select the one they want for a particular task.
For instance, a mouse-clicking action makes the thumb grip a mouse, while the index finger clicks the left button, as seen in this video.
Meanwhile, the precision open grip can be used to grab a wooden block in a stack of blocks, and the tripod grip can be used to write with a pen. More grip videos can be seen here.
"We have a compliant hand that has multi-articulated fingers so users can perform everyday tasks without having to think twice," says Steeper general manager Richard Shapcott. "BeBionic has the most up-to-date technology and reliable materials, and it does what it says it will do. It doesn't let patients down."
Depending on its configuration, the hand will cost clinical centers $25,000 to $35,000. It's available in a range of colors and designs, including snow and jungle camouflage and tiger stripes, as well as realistic silicone skin coverings. Check them out in the vid below.
What Really Happened in Istanbul
I came to Istanbul for many reasons.
First, I came to retrace memories of living here in the 80's with my family after we had fled Iran. I truly long to go back to Iran naturally but the time for that has yet to come. Turkey, in the meanwhile, was where we first established our lives in a free country and I am forever grateful for the open and warm way in which the Turkish people welcomed us, and now, 25 years later, I came back and indeed found a treasure of memories to take back home.
But I also came to Istanbul for some serious heavy-duty shopping.
In fact, I specifically left plenty of room for shopping in my luggage. I remember how much I loved Turkish clothes when living here, and I could hardly afford anything then. Now, I could buy anything my heart desired.
The grand result of my “shopping spree”: In the 8 days I spent frolicking about Istanbul, I bought altogether a half dozen small things, two of them souvenirs for my yoga teachers!
I had planned on filling up a suitcase or two full of stuff and instead, I barely shopped. I had every intention to shop for the sake of shopping, for the love and joy of it, for the excitement of having new stuff to wear and enjoy and I have nothing to show for it. At least nothing tangible.
We went to the Grand Bazaar and several other bazaars, every mall, and countless street corners filled with merchants and their stalls. We walked into leather shops, clothing stores, hip modern places, small cheap strips full of good deals.
I walked into every store I wanted to see, looked at the lovely merchandise, asked to see how much it was, and then stood there wondering if I should buy it. Questioning the choice for spending some piddly 20 Turkish lira or less on something that I would have probably enjoyed.
I looked at shoes, hand bags, trinkets, and even my most favorite thing of all, silk hand-made gorgeous rugs, even if Persian style is my favorite the Turkish ones are nothing to sneeze at!
So what happened?
Funny thing about desires. One minute, you desire to buy, to exchange money for the merchandise, to own something new. And the next minute, the desire vanishes into thin air and you wonder why you should pay for something that you neither need nor desperately want anymore. And that's what happened every time I came close to buying.
I have loved material things all my life, I admit. And I still do. I love Persian rugs, beautiful furniture, fine jewelry, and paintings that bring me to my knees from their beauty. I love LOVE love clothes and I adore shoes, and I am mad about make-up. The list is long and I won't bore you with it but this new revelation is an interesting shift in desires.
I came to Istanbul and Izmir to fill my bags with material goods and instead, I filled my heart with unforgettable experiences and low and behold, I am beyond satisfied.
Tammy Strobel's book “You Can Buy Happiness (and It's Cheap)” first planted the seed of curiosity about this whole minimalism business. Soon after, my dear friends, Dan and Vanessa Hayes of Simple Life Together kicked it up a notch or two with their fabulous podcast.
The irony however is that while I really enjoyed Tammy's story and being a part of Simple Life Together's community to simplify my life, I had no intention to be affected on a subconscious level by the movement towards shopping less!
I wanted to shop. I wanted to spend the money. I wanted to buy stuff, and yet, I didn't. I was bereft of any desire to buy *stuff* and I am leaving Turkey without any regrets.
So if you love shopping the way I do – or used to do anyway – and if you want to start planting the seeds of a simpler life without declaring yourself the next minimalist or anything like that, maybe this will help.
3 Questions to Ask Before You Buy
Before you make your next purchase, just ask yourself 3 simple questions:
1. In what way will my life be better off if I buy this thing?
If you have at least 2 good answers, go to the next question. If not, pause and think!
2. What is one good reason I should not buy this thing?
If you have at least one good reason, pause and think!
3. Do I really desire this thing enough to buy it and own it forever?
If you have at least one good honest reason, then go for it. If not, well, pause, think and perhaps walk away!
Understanding the Allure Behind Buying
So what is that allures us to buying and shopping and owning more STUFF? I believe it's the idea of having what we don't have and believing that in doing so, it brings us the sense of happiness that we are “missing”, that it completes us in some way, that it makes us better for owning it and for showing it off and telling others about it and on and on.
But that's just ludicrous. Think about everything you already own. How much has it really contributed to your day-to-day happiness, past the honeymoon phase? And how much has your happiness depended on everything else BUT the stuff that you own in life?
Is it not truly the experiences in life that fill our heart? Even when you receive a gift, is it not the giving that fills you up rather than the thing that was given to you? Is happiness then not merely a decision of the heart, regardless of the possessions in the house?
I still love rugs, clothes, shoes, make-up – especially the expensive and exclusive ones – and I prefer the new to the old, but a part of me is moving gently towards a simpler lifestyle and it feels so surprisingly good that I invite you to taste it for yourself.
I am off to finish the last bit of my trip here in fabulous Turkey by making the long trek home. While I am on the road, tell me what you think about wealth of experience over wealth of material goods, and if you have ever lost the desire despite your every intention to shop, to buy and to accumulate more stuff. Share your thoughts in the comments below.
The Trump administration is seeking to slash military aid to Lebanon by 82 percent next year, according to the State Department's 2018 budget plan.
Last year, the U.S. provided $103 million in military aid – weapons, equipment and training – to Beirut. The 2018 budget projects about $19 million in anticipated aid.
According to the State Department, the cuts would include the cessation of the Foreign Military Financing (FMF) program, which amounted to about $86 million in 2016.
The move signals a potentially stronger stance by the Trump administration against Lebanon, and a change of direction in the unofficial U.S-Lebanon partnership against ISIS.
The Lebanese military has been a key force against ISIS in northeastern Lebanon, and an ally to the U.S. in the fight against militants.
Lebanese Army officials are positioned strategically to closely monitor ISIS movements in the remote mountains of Arsal, where an estimated 500 militants are masked between the Lebanon-Syria border.
Much of Lebanon's ability to confront ISIS, analysts say, is owed to the support of foreign countries, including the United States. Since 2005, the U.S. has provided more than $1.4 billion in military aid to the country.
But the assistance could soon be slashed, according to the Trump administration's latest budget plan. Some Middle East analysts believe the Lebanese Army's ties to Hezbollah may have played a role in 2018 funding plans.
President Trump has pledged to get tough on Iran and its proxies throughout the region.
Tony Badran, a researcher at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies in Washington, told the Christian Science Monitor that the U.S. has good reason “to worry about the army's ties to Hezbollah.”
“There are still some people out there who buy the argument of Lebanon as a good partner – especially at [the Pentagon] – and some are still convinced by the obsolete notion of the Lebanese standing up to [Syrian President Bashar] Assad,” he told CS Monitor.
Besides military cuts, the Trump administration is also proposing about 23 percent of cuts to economic and developmental aid to Lebanon.
Last year, Lebanon received $110 million in economic assistance. The 2018 budget projects about $85 million.
The budget cuts would also hit several other vulnerable countries, including Tunisia, Iraq, Morocco and Yemen.
President Trump and Prime Minister Saad Hariri are expected to discuss these proposed cuts during a meeting at the White House on Tuesday.
READ: Department of State Budget Plan.
“ — Phantom Assassin Play I'm here to blur the line between life and death. ”
Manifold Paradox Wearable Phantom Assassin Rarity: Arcana
Slot: Weapon Weapon With a raspy cackle, the elder smith Craler swung the sword that his family had spent eleven generations to fold and forge. So sharp it was that, with a sound like tearing fabric, a rip in reality tore open. Through this rip, Craler recognized himself from moments before, holding aloft the very same coveted blade. Then, in a fit of greed and madness, he cut this earlier self down to seize the twin sword as his own. Too late, however, Craler felt a familiar wound, and was suddenly filled with the memory of being cut down himself... Created By Released 20 Nov 2014 Origin Purchase TRADEABLE MARKETABLE NOT DELETABLE
This item was made for the Nemesis Assassin Event. New styles were unlocked by accumulating kills during and after the event. Editions purchased before December 7, 2014 come in Exalted quality.
Gems [ edit ]
Customizations [ edit ]
Paradox Memorial [ edit ]
Killing an enemy leaves a Paradox Memorial where they died. The memorial can be selected to view details of the kill. Points can be earned to unlock new colors for the memorial. The Paradox Memorial's appearance is changed upon upgrading the Manifold Paradox.
Customization Preview Kill Detail Gravestone
Epitaphs [ edit ]
Detail windows contain one of thirteen possible epitaphs.
Line Who turned out the lights?
It's dark down here.
I was too slow.
Rest for the wicked.
Don't leave me here!
Dig me up. I dare you.
Should have practiced more.
Never saw it coming.
Should have bought more armor.
Shhh. Taking a dirt nap.
On the wrong side of the grass.
What were the chances?
Ouch.
Hero Icons [ edit ]
Customization Preview Minimap icon Top icon Portrait
Ability Icons [ edit ]
Sounds [ edit ]
Voice Responses [ edit ]
Customization Preview Altered voice for all existing responses Modified Responses
Styles [ edit ]
Selectable styles for the color of the blades and Paradox Memorial can be upgraded by winning games and earning points. Points are recorded on the Rune of the Foreseer's Contract.
During the Nemesis Assassin Event, players earned 3 points per win with any hero .
per win with . After the event ended, players now earn 1 point per win, and only when playing with Phantom Assassin
per win, and only when playing with Resetting the gem's counter will disable any earned styles.
Style Points Blades Paradox Memorial
Style 1 Default
Style 2 40 Points
Style 3 100 Points
Set Items [ edit ]
Lore [ edit ]
The Manifold Paradox was first seen in the short comic The Contract, which was released with Oracle Phantom Assassin
Gallery [ edit ]
Trivia [ edit ]
The sound of fabric tearing when Craler first tried out the Manifold Paradox is a reference to the commonly used metaphor, fabric of reality .
. This item shares aesthetics with Codicil of the Veiled Ones, which changes color depending on Manifold Paradox's selected style.
Possible method for retrieving backups from a Nexus 5X with the boot-loop bug
Hello fellow owners of fucked Nexus 5X devices,
I started getting boot-loops this morning and a cursory search on the interwebs tells me I'm far from the only one. From the unending of stories of abysmal support from LG I'm not optimistic that I'll have a Nexus 5X for much longer and I was beginning to reckon I'd lost all data since my last backup (which was way too long ago). Fortunately I seem to be able to (reproducibly) get fifteen minutes out of it by (i) plugging it into a laptop; (ii) letting it loop for a while; and (iii) wedging it somewhere where it will get very warm fast – specifically I put it between two cushions. Eventually it boots happily.
Maybe I'm just lucky and this won't work for most people, but I figure that for those who are currently stuck with a bricked phone, this is worth trying as a last-ditch effort for recovering any information at all.
What this did not do is permanently fix my phone. If you're thinking of giving this a go, bear in mind that it does only last fifteen minutes and there's no guarantee this will continue to work more than three or four times (or even once). Also, performance is notably terrible (presumably due to thermal sensors throttling the CPU) so you have to plan ahead here and be patient so you don't overload the CPU if you do get it booted.
However, with planning I was able to get just enough time to download some important backups onto my laptop. I'll describe the steps required below.
Prerequisites
Install Android platform tools on your PC (I used a Mac on either Windows or Linux). You'll be using adb to pull down the files you need.
If you're not familiar with ADB, read some guides on the installation and basic concepts. Follow a tutorial to get it installed, there are loads.
Once you have it installed, run adb wait-for-device in the Terminal.
You'll need a USB to USB-C cable if your PC doesn't have a USB-C port.
Determine in advance what to back up
I had a few apps in mind which I knew would not be backed up on the internal storage but whose settings or status I wanted a copy of for post-factory-reset or replacement.
There is an adb backup command which lets you accomplish this. Before you run it it you need to know the ID of the app you want to backup. Visit Google Play Store and click “My Apps”; find the apps you want to backup and click on them. The id is shown in the URL bar.
Example: for Terminal Emulator, the url is https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm – meaning the id is jackpal.androidterm .
The command you want to run follows the format adb backup -f <appid>.ab <appid> ; make a note of the commands you'll need:
adb backup -f jackpal.androidterm.ab jackpal.androidterm adb backup -f com.tpcstld.twozerogame.ab com.tpcstld.twozerogame
There's another command, adb pull , which lets you download files from the internal storage. In my case I wanted to backup my photos (just incase there was anything not captured in Google Photos) and WhatsApp. The relevant folders are /sdcard/DCIM ; /sdcard/Pictures and /sdcard/WhatsApp . Make a note of the commands you'll need:
adb pull /sdcard/DCIM adb pull /sdcard/Pictures adb pull /sdcard/WhatsApp
Try these if you need them and maybe some helpful commenters will leave additional ideas. You also may be able to use Google to determine where an app you use stores its files.
Enable developer mode / USB debugging and run the commands
As soon as your phone boots, if you didn't already do so before you started experiencing issues, you will need to enable USB debugging on your device. Memorise it:
tap ‘Settings' > ‘About' > ‘Software Information' then tap on ‘Build Number' 7 times. Go back to ‘Settings' then select ‘Developer Options' Tap and enable USB Debugging.
If you have done as you were told above and started adb wait-for-device you should pretty much immediately get a prompt on your screen asking you to allow debugging. Tick the box and click Accept.
As soon as the terminal in which you entered the adb command returns to the prompt, start entering in the commands you saved above. This will start pulling down files and backups to your computer ready to be restored some other time.
It's also worth taking a look in the app list to see if there's anything you missed. I had a Bitcoin wallet app installed – although I already had a backup I thought I might as well take the opportunity to grab another one just incase.
Report back
Henriques, O'Keefe added to Test squad
Australia have confirmed they will look to speed as much as spin to defeat Sri Lanka by naming six seamers – including recalled pair Nathan Coulter-Nile and Moises Henriques – in the 15-man Test squad for the three-Test tour in July and August.
The inclusion of Henriques, who played all three of his Tests to date in India three years ago, as a back-up to incumbent allrounder Mitchell Marsh rather than a spin-bowling allrounder such as Glenn Maxwell shows the selectors are looking to the quicks to provide a winning edge.
The spin bowling duties will be carried by New South Wales pair Nathan Lyon and Stephen O'Keefe, the latter returning to the squad having been selected for last summer's final Test against the West Indies but overlooked for the two-match tour to New Zealand on green, seaming pitches.
WATCH: Steve Smith discusses the tour of Sri Lanka
Missing from the touring party that secured the world's top Test ranking for Australia in NZ are Peter Siddle who underwent ankle surgery in the wake of that series, uncapped Chadd Sayers who was a 'horses for courses' choice and James Pattinson who has once more been sidelined through injury.
While Pattinson was rested from the final phase of the Australia summer due to ongoing shin soreness, he has since been diagnosed with a recurrence of stress fractures in his back, a problem that has restricted him to 17 Test appearances since his memorable debut in 2011.
"James experienced lower back pain during the second Test against New Zealand in Christchurch and was given some time to rest," Bupa Support Team Physiotherapist David Beakey said today.
Quick Single: Fit Starc ready to 'scare' batsmen
"Unfortunately his back pain continued during this time and after further investigation it confirmed that he has had a recurrence of a back stress fracture.
"James will continue to spend the winter recovering from this injury, at which point we hope to have a clearer view of timelines for his return to play."
Coulter-Nile has also endured an injury-plagued career thus far and is yet to play a Test match despite being added to the Test squad last summer when Starc suffered a stress fracture in his foot and subsequently underwent ankle surgery that sidelined him for six months.
But Coulter-Nile suffered a dislocated shoulder in a fielding mishap during a KFC Big Bash League fixture shortly before the Boxing Day Test against the West Indies and he has played just one first-class match for Western Australia in the past 12 months.
In which the 28-year-old took 1-68 from 23 overs and did not bat against Victoria in Perth last February.
WATCH: Starc back and bowling heat in the nets
He will join Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Jackson Bird – recalled for the NZ tour where he claimed a five-wicket haul in the second Test in Christchurch as a replacement for the injured Siddle – as specialist pace bowling options in Sri Lanka.
Henriques has been similarly dogged by injury over the past year, sustaining a badly broken jaw in a sickening fielding collision when playing in the UK county competition last winter and then a badly torn calf later in the year during the BBL.
Quick Single: Backed Brissie clay puts spinners in mood
As a result, the 29-year-old made only four appearances for NSW in last summer's Shield competition (including the match against Victoria which was prematurely abandoned because of ground conditions at the SCG) with a top score of 25 and best bowling figures of 1-25.
Since his three Tests on the 2013 tour to India – Australia's most recent Test tours to the subcontinent where they were defeated 4-0 – the allrounder has averaged 36.59 from 18 innings with the Blues including three centuries, and taken nine wickets at 47.89 with the best of 2-48.
With Starc and Hazlewood expected to share the new ball in Sri Lanka, and Lyon and O'Keefe tipped to bowl in tandem in all three Tests in Kandy, Galle and Colombo, Mitchell Marsh is likely to take on an increased workload as the third seamer if Sri Lanka's batters get on top.
Quick Single: Lyon keen to link up with Murali again
And given that Marsh has battled with soft tissue injuries including a 'minor' side strain that curtailed his IPL campaign in recent weeks, the need for an auxiliary allrounder will be crucial as the world's No.1 Test team looks to win their first series in Asia since their 1-0 success in Sri Lanka in 2011.
The batting line-up features the same top five as utilised in New Zealand, with Shaun Marsh – who will miss the upcoming ODI tri-series in the Caribbean due to the imminent arrival of his first child – named as the extra batter and Peter Nevill the sole wicketkeeper.
WATCH: Lyon keen to link with Murali
Chair of the National Selection Panel Rod Marsh said today the squad, which would depart for the Qantas Tour of Sri Lanka in early July, had been purpose-picked to reverse the recent results that Australia had produced on subcontinental pitches.
"This squad has proven experience in subcontinental conditions," Marsh said
"Henriques comes into the squad to give the flexibility of an additional allrounder option, having already shown he plays and adapts well to spin-friendly conditions.
"He has been working hard with his fitness and we believe he is in prime condition to serve us well should he be selected to play.
"Jackson Bird and Nathan Coulter-Nile join the squad and will give us good control and pace.
Quick Single: Marsh determined to repay faith
"Jackson had an impressive Sheffield Shield season and showed skill with reverse swing in the last Test match in New Zealand earlier this year.
"He's playing in England at the moment and we're confident this will build his skills to assist the squad if he is selected in Sri Lanka.
"Stephen O'Keefe will complement Nathan Lyon and plays an important role in the subcontinent if he's selected in the final XI.
"We know his ability, he takes wickets continually in first class cricket and he impresses when we select him to play Test cricket."
Australia Test squad: Steve Smith (c), David Warner (v-c), Joe Burns, Usman Khawaja, Adam Voges, Shaun Marsh, Mitchell Marsh, Moises Henriques, Peter Nevill, Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood, Jackson Bird, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Nathan Lyon Steve O'Keefe.
Britain's Foreign Minister Boris Johnson has officially renounced his U.S. citizenship, according to a list the Treasury Department released Wednesday.
Johnson, who was born in New York City, maintained a dual citizenship throughout his life, but had promised to renounce his American citizenship in 2015.
"An accident of birth ... has left me with this thing. I've got to find a way of sorting it out," Johnson said in February 2015, before initiating the formal process.
ADVERTISEMENT
"The reason I'm thinking I probably will want to make a change is that my commitment is, and always has been, to Britain," the former London mayor explained at the time.Johnson is one of the 5,411 people who renounced their citizenship in 2016, according to the U.S. Treasury Department. Johnson renounced his citizenship in the last quarter of 2016, according to the Treasury document released Wednesday.
Johnson has also been critical the U.S. tax system in the past, after he received a bill because of his citizenship. According to the BBC, Johnson settled the issue in January 2015, but called the law "absolutely outrageous."
A man was baffled after he logged on to his online banking and discovered he had a mystery £1.25 million in his account.
Shocked Kieran McKeefery's bank balance had been boosted by an incoming cash transfer of £1,245,000.
Kieran McKeefery' bank account
After mulling over what he could spend the cash on, the the 21-year-old South Yorkshire web designer phoned his bank Natwest and asked them to investigate.
Bank bosses could only tell him the enormous bank-to-bank same-day payment had come from a huge investment company and it was up to their bank to take it back.
It was 10 days before the company retrieved the cash – leaving Kieran with a bonus £204 of interest.
Honest Kieran, from Barnsley, said: “I checked my online banking and immediately I noticed I had £1.25 million in the bank.
“I was a bit fazed at first. It was such a copious amount of money to be in my bank.
“It was very strange and quite scary when you are in that position, checking your bank to see if £1.25 million is in there.
“I didn't know what to do, except just wait and think about all the things I could have spent it on.
“I thought ‘oh god, what has happened' – I was a bit shocked more than anything else.
“I called the bank and they said they would look into it.
“I was kind of tempted to spend the money but I had read stories about people spending money mistakenly placed in their accounts and getting in trouble.
“I spoke to my partner and she said to just leave it there and don't touch it.
“I was buying a new car the next day and I could have paid for it in cash – and bought quite a few more – with the money.
“The bank wasn't really playing ball. It was a bit crazy really.
“I had all this money in my account and they said they had made the request to the payee's bank and I just had to wait. They said it was up to them to sort it.”
The massive payment was marked only as ‘CHAPS Payment' – a Clearing House Automated Payment System.
Natwest said they would alert the payee's bank of the mistake – but that it was up to them to take it back.
Over the next 10 days he called his bank in a bid to speed up the move, but it was not until February 6 the cash disappeared, leaving him with £204 interest.
“The interest was pretty good really and they haven't asked for it back,” said Kieran.
Current Michigan Polling
November 5, 2016
Executive Summary
Gravis Marketing, a nonpartisan research firm, in conjunction with Breitbart News Network, conducted a random survey of 1,079 registered voters across Michigan. The poll was conducted from November 1
st
through the 4
th
and has a margin of error of ± 3.0% at t he 95% confidence level. The total may not round
to 100% because of rounding. The poll was conducted using a combination of interacti ve voice response
polling and an intern et panel of cell phone users , with the results weigh ted by voting demograph ics.
Founded in 2005 by conservative icon Andrew Breitbart, Breitbart News Network is the biggest source of
breaking news and analys is, thought-leading c ommentary, and original repo rting curated and writt en
specifically for the new generation of independent and conservative thinkers.
Known for hard hitting, no hold-barred journalism along with world-class aggregation, Breitbart news is
growing rapidly. The company recently added bureaus in London, Texas, and Californ ia, and is currently
in the process of launching additional bureaus and verticals.
Trump Signs Law Giving States Option To Deny Funding For Planned Parenthood
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images
President Trump quietly signed legislation Thursday that rolls back an Obama-era rule protecting certain federal funds for Planned Parenthood and other organizations that provide legal abortions.
That regulation, implemented in the waning days of the Obama administration, required that states pass along family-planning grants — regardless of whether the groups they're passing them along to offer abortion services as well. The rule was intended to prevent states from withholding these grants from any organization "for reasons other than its ability to provide Title X services."
Now that the rule has been repealed, states can effectively block Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers from funds associated with the Title X Family Planning program, which was established in 1970 to subsidize organizations that offer services related to contraception, pregnancy care, fertility and cancer screenings primarily for low-income people.
Anti-abortion activists cheered the move as a way to return some measure of discretion to states, which will now have the latitude they once did in deciding how to mete out Title X funds.
"This is promise kept," said the Susan B. Anthony List's Marjorie Dannenfelser, who attended the signing which was conducted without media present. "This puts an end to the outgoing gift that Obama gave the Trump administration which was to disallow states from being in charge of its own family planning funds."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
In a statement, Dannenfelser said she sees this as just the first step.
"We expect to see Congress continue its efforts to redirect additional taxpayer funding away from Planned Parenthood through pro-life health care reform after the spring recess."
NPR's Scott Horsley reports that — with exceptions for cases of rape, incest or life-threatening situations — federal law already prohibits the use of federal tax money to pay for abortions.
Yet Title X has long been in the cross-hairs of conservative Republicans in Congress. Many see it as a vein of cash for Planned Parenthood, which many Republican lawmakers have vowed to defund entirely.
As Julie Rovner notes for our Shots blog, Planned Parenthood obtains about $60 million annually from Title X, and in the group's most recent annual report, its affiliates received $553.7 million total from federal, state and local governments — or, about half its total funding.
In 2014, roughly 3 percent of the services rendered by Planned Parenthood were abortion-related.
"People are sick and tired of politicians making it even harder for them to access health care, and this bill is just the latest example," Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in a statement:
"We should build on the tremendous progress made in this country with expanded access to birth control, instead of enacting policies that take us backward. Too many women still face barriers to health care, especially young women, women of color, those who live in rural areas, and women with low incomes."
The law signed Thursday by the president began in the House and narrowly passed the Senate, only after Vice President Pence stepped in to cast the tie-breaking vote late last month.
To move the measure through Congress, Republicans turned again to the Congressional Review Act — a once-obscure 1996 law that, as we've reported, allows lawmakers "to overturn any regulation imposed during the final six months of the previous administration, with a simple majority vote in each chamber of Congress."
Already this year, GOP lawmakers have repealed about a dozen Obama-era regulations in this manner — including a broadband-privacy rule, a restriction on gun sales to the mentally ill, and an anti-corruption regulation on the oil industry.
Share. The first Star Wars standalone movie is now filming. The first Star Wars standalone movie is now filming.
The first Star Wars standalone movie is now filming in London, and the first set photos from the production have emerged.
Some minor spoilers obviously may follow.
Exit Theatre Mode
TMZ has the images, which appear to depict a full-sized model of some type of crashed spacecraft. It's difficult to tell what the ship is, though there are clearly dead stormtroopers scattered around the crash site. Other images feature what could be a base of some kind. Take a look:
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will tell the tale of the Rebels who stole the plans to the Death Star that Luke eventually destroyed (spoilers!) in A New Hope. The cast includes Oscar-nominee Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Ben Mendelsohn, Donnie Yen, Jiang Wen, Forest Whitaker, Mads Mikkelsen, Alan Tudyk and Riz Ahmed. Check out the slideshow below for a full rundown on the cast:
Who Are the Cast of Star Wars: Rogue One? 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 13 Click through for the entire slideshow featuring the resistance fighters at the heart of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the group who band together to steal the plans to the Death Star. And their foes, of course! 01 OF 13 Click through for the entire slideshow featuring the resistance fighters at the heart of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the group who band together to steal the plans to the Death Star. And their foes, of course! Who Are the Cast of Star Wars: Rogue One? Download Image Captions ESC
Head over to TMZ for even more images from the set.
Rogue One will be released on December 16, 2016.
Talk to Senior Editor Scott Collura on Twitter at @ScottCollura, on IGN at scottcollura and on Facebook.
Advertisement KFAB loses the Huskers, new partnership announced Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A five-year radio partnership announced Tuesday means Nebraska fans will have to tune to a new station for Huskers coverage.The contract with the current Omaha affiliate, KFAB-AM, expires on June 30. The switch to the new affiliates -- KXSP-AM (590), KKCD-FM (105.9) and KEZO-FM (92.3) -- takes effect July 1.The deal between Journal Broadcast Group and IMG, the multimedia partner of the University of Nebraska, will also include coverage of the full Husker baseball schedule in Omaha.The Huskers' new Omaha radio lineup, effective July 1:Football: All games on KXSP-AM and KEZO-FMMen's basketball: All games on KXSP-AMWomen's basketball: All games on KXSP-AM; in case of a conflict with another Husker event, broadcast moves to KKCD-FMVolleyball: All games on KXSP-AM, in case of a conflict with another Husker event, broadcast moves to KKCD-FMBaseball: All games on KXSP-AM, in case of a conflict with another Husker event, broadcast moves to KKCD-FMSports Nightly: All shows on KXSP-AM Monday – Thursday 6 – 9 p.m. and Friday 6-8 p.m.
With a little help from a square springform pan, you too can have an Apple apple pie for dessert!
We're certainly not the first to put an Apple logo on a pie, but we think this implementation raises the bar a bit. Unlike a regular pie, you need to start with the top piece since you need to use the pan as a cookie cutter before you line it with dough. Roll out your dough for the top, and press springform frame onto it to get the right shape.
Put the dough on a piece of waxed paper for cutting.
Using a lattice across the shape keeps it from deforming too much as it bakes. You can cut out the logo with a hobby knife or a carefully formed cookie cutter. We went alpha-geek on it and put it in the 45 watt carbon-dioxide laser.
After removing the excess pieces, cover the top with waxed paper and refrigerate while preparing the rest of the pie.
The steep square sides of the springform require a little extra dough and care. Your top piece probably didn't use as much dough as a regular top, so you can add that to your bottom to make up the difference. To keep the dough from falling inwards before you add the apples, it helps to drape some dough over the edges of the pan.
After the apples are in, trim the dough evenly. Fold the edges inwards and press them down until they are level with the apples.
The chilled top can be lowered onto the pie. Press the edges down onto the pie dough below. It's ready for the oven!
The fine lattice came out incredibly well with minimal breakage.
YouTube personalities will interview U.S. President Barack Obama live from the White House on Thursday, Jan. 22, following his State of the Union address to the nation on Tuesday.
YouTube comedian GloZell Green, and vloggers Bethany Mota and Hank Green will be asking Obama questions "about the issues care they most about, and what they're hearing from their audience," according to a White House press release.
In addition, they'll be relaying questions from the rest of the country. Interested participants can ask questions on Twitter, Facebook or via other social media channels by using the hashtag #YouTubeAsksObama. The YouTubers may take take a few of those questions, and pose them to the president.
Watch a preview video of the event, below.
Although it's unclear exactly what time the interview will go live on Thursday, you'll be able to find it on the White House's YouTube channel.
In April, Governor Tom Wolf signed legislation to make medical marijuana legal in Pennsylvania.
By then, possession of small amounts of marijuana had already been decriminalized in Philadelphia for more than a year.
And with full implementation of the state's medical marijuana law expected to take about two years, City Council is asking now just what it all means for Philadelphia.
On Friday, its Committee on Public Health and Human Services will hold a hearing with the legislative sponsors of the medical marijuana act and experts on the cannabis industry to discuss its implications for the city. They will include state Sen. Daylin Leach of Montgomery County, state Sen. Mike Folmer of Lebanon County and the new head of the state Office of Medical Marijuana, John J. Collins.
"Public hearings are held not just to come up with policy and, possibly, legislation. It is a hearing and a chance for the public to be engaged," said Councilman-at-Large Derek Green, during an interview on Wednesday. "We need to start thinking about how this will impact the city."
Green said that while the city permits individuals in Philadelphia to possess under 30 grams of marijuana without fear of arrest, the medical marijuana law could potentially bring marijuana growth operations and dispensaries into the city.
One concern voiced by Green is that such places could present a fire hazard. High-powered lights and electricity and older Philadelphia structures has the potential to be a dangerous combination, he said.
Pennsylvania law will allow for as many as 150 dispensaries — each applicant is permitted to operate up to three dispensaries on each of the 50 available licenses — and the bill permits the issuing of 25 permits for marijuana growers/processors.
"Where are these people going to locate?" asked the councilman.
Green said that the city might need to look at its own zoning regulations because he'd assume "at first blush" that growers and processors would require industrial zoning. But that might not be the best fit.
In residential areas, Clark said, he would worry that a dispensary had the potential to become a public safety issue, as a potential fire hazard or as a draw for criminals looking for a quick way to score cash and a, potentially, large supply of the drug.
Green has done some preliminary research, however, and he believes that in Colorado — recreational marijuana has been legal there since 2012 — dispensaries have a "pharmacy-type atmosphere." Law enforcement officials indicate that these operations don't negatively impact public safety.
"So I see this [hearing] as a first step," Green said.
As a first-class city, Philadelphia is in a unique position to help shape state policy on medical marijuana, according to Green.
"We know it's going to have a significant impact on the city of Philadelphia," he said.
Green also touted the fact that legal medical marijuana allows for more research to be done on the medical benefits of the drug. Philadelphia, with such a strong "eds and meds" community — colleges and hospitals — the city could really help society learn more about those medical uses, he said.
"So far, there has been very little research at all on medical marijuana," said Green. "These are the things we are going to have to look at."
Green noted, too, that as medical marijuana becomes more easily available in the city and state, there could be ancillary businesses that arise. Green said he wants to be prepared for this possibility as well.
"I've always been the type of person that says 'let's be proactive'," said Green.
Green compared the steadily growing acceptance of marijuana nationwide to that of legalized gambling in the past. He said as states began to see the fiscal benefit of gambling, they moved beyond concerns they may have had in initially opposing gambling.
He believes marijuana could be handled in a similar fashion.
Friday's hearing, at 10 a.m. at City Hall, is open to the public.
Growing up in northern China as the son of a factory worker and a housewife, Mr. Ma hoped to go to college and become a teacher. But his parents thought his dreams were too costly, and he was sent to the local police academy instead.
It was there, he said, in a macho culture that revolved around talking about women, that he realized he was gay.
At the time, in the mid-1990s, gay sex was considered a crime in China and homosexuality was classified as a psychological disorder. At the police academy, Mr. Ma took courses on criminal psychology where cadets were told that gay people should be viewed suspiciously because they were more likely to commit crimes.
“When I realized I was different from other people,” he recalled, “I thought I was ill.”
Mr. Ma turned to the internet for advice. But instead of finding a supportive community, he found rants describing gay people as lunatics and perverts. On health websites, he was bombarded with recommendations to seek medication and electroshock treatment.
After becoming a police officer, Mr. Ma was inspired in 2000 to start his own website, Danlan.org, Chinese for “light blue,” evoking the clear coastal skies of his childhood. The site offered chat forums and advice on reducing the risk of H.I.V. and other sexually transmitted diseases. Danlan soon became a popular way for gay men in China to connect in an age when many had been resorting to scrawling meeting dates and places on bathroom stalls, worried about the stigma of coming out.
At work, Mr. Ma chased burglars, filed incident reports and recorded public service announcements. In his spare time, he raced to the keyboard, writing essays for Danlan and chatting with friends under the pseudonym Geng Le.
Mr. Ma kept up the routine for more than a decade. He married, under pressure from friends and family. But when his supervisors confronted him about his website in 2012, he offered his resignation. His family was devastated.
Cristiano Ronaldo not included in study of Europe's 'most valuable XI'
Cristiano Ronaldo was not included in study of Europe's 'most valuable XI'
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is favourite for this year's Ballon d'Or crown, but according to a study, doesn't make the most valuable team in Europe.
Ronaldo, valued at £110m by the CIES Football Observatory, is pipped by Lionel Messi (£161m), Antoine Griezmann (£115m) and Neymar (£213m) in the front line of a most valuable XI, collated by Spanish newspaper AS.
Barcelona star Neymar is considered the most valuable player in Europe, while Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho (£63m) makes up the front four in the No 10 position.
Barcelona's Neymar and Lionel Messi make up the front line
Swiss-based football research group CIES use a sophisticated algorithm to gather the transfer values of players in the 'big five' European leagues (Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, Ligue 1, Bundesliga), updated every transfer window.
The study takes into account age, contract, international status, experience and performance of the player, as well as the achievements, results and competition level of teams.
Raphael Varane (£42m) and Aymeric Laporte (£41m) join the La Liga stars in the XI, while Manchester United have two players included - David De Gea (£49m) and Paul Pogba (£106m)
Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann has had a fine 2016
One player is included from Serie A - Juventus' Leonardo Bonucci (£42m) - while Ligue 1 has two - PSG duo Marquinhos (£40m) and Marco Veratti (£62m).
A straight ranking of the players, without being put into a formation, sees seven Premier League stars making the top 20.
Pogba, Sergio Aguero (£75m), Coutinho, Eden Hazard (£64m), Kevin De Bruyne (£60m), Alexis Sanchez (£59m) and Harry Kane (£53m) mix it with the big guns in the top 20, which also includes seven La Liga players, two from Serie A, three from the Bundesliga and one from Ligue 1.
Paul Pogba makes the XI alongside team-mate David De Gea
Ronaldo is overwhelming favourite to take the Ballon d'Or crown, announced on Monday evening.
The Premier League has eight players on the 30-man shortlist, including Manchester United new boys Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, as well as Manchester City duo Aguero and De Bruyne.
There are also inclusions for Leicester's title winners Jamie Vardy, the only English nominee, and Riyad Mahrez, along with France team-mates and Premier League rivals Dimitri Payet of West Ham and Hugo Lloris of Tottenham.
Thanks mostly to President Trump, Democrats believe they are poised for good things in 2018: the possibility of taking control of the House and gains elsewhere in the midterm elections. But planning victory laps would be premature. Whatever their prospects for the fall campaigns, the Democrats are still in need of renovation and renewal.
Many current indicators point to rough days ahead for the Republicans, unless passage of the tax bill somehow changes their fortunes. From the president's low approval ratings to the high energy among rank-and-file Democrats, as well as recent polls showing that the public prefers Democratic candidates for the House by a sizable margin, there is ample evidence that the GOP faces a typically bad midterm election year, or possibly worse. One caveat to all that: In the era of Trump, traditional metrics should not be taken for granted.
The Democrats need a net gain of 24 seats to take control of the House and a net of two to secure the majority in the Senate. The Cook Political Report lists 17 Republican-held seats as toss-ups and one as leaning to the Democrats. Another 22 GOP seats are in the "lean Republican" category, meaning they are at risk next year. In contrast, Cook's team lists just four Democratic seats as toss-ups and five as "lean Democrat."
The Senate remains a heavier lift, largely because Democrats are defending far more seats and have only a few opportunities to take away GOP-held seats.
The ample availability of competitive House districts is one reason there is a growing consensus, or at least a rising chorus among the political class, proclaiming a tsunami-in-the-making across America. If that turns out to be the case, Democrats would have the power to frustrate Trump's and the GOP's agenda while putting the president himself under a microscope. Many Democrats salivate at the prospect.
A Democratic takeover of the House would transform the politics of Washington. But would it necessarily represent a transformation of the Democratic Party? As with all midterm elections, particularly those that take place in a president's first term, such a result would say much more about perceptions of Trump and his party than being an affirmation of the Democratic Party.
Despite the positive indicators about the midterms, Democrats face questions about their future as a party that now controls nothing in Washington and far less in the states than they did at the beginning of Barack Obama's presidency. Among those questions are such basics as their agenda, their geographic limitations and their leadership.
Democrats could assume they can push those vulnerabilities to the sidelines during a midterm election year with a campaign message that is almost exclusively anti-Trump. But as even many Democrats acknowledge, something more than that will be needed to regain widespread trust of voters across the country and begin the process of rebuilding the party in places where it suffered losses over the past decade.
Democrats stand for many things that are popular with a majority of Americans. They oppose cutting tax rates for the wealthiest taxpayers. They oppose changes to Medicare and Social Security that would reduce future benefits or notably alter the eligibility requirements. And they want some immigrants, known as "dreamers," to be able to stay in this country and not face the threat of deportation over the fact that they were brought to the United States illegally by their parents.
But there are hard questions for the Democrats. What exactly is their health-care policy likely to be in the future? Stand pat with the 2010 Affordable Care Act after some modifications? Move toward a single-payer plan, as Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and others now advocate?
What is their economic policy, other than rhetoric about helping to work families? What is their response to concerns among many workers about the impact of globalization — more free trade or a rollback? What about cultural issues that are vitally important to a substantial portion of the party's base but that play less well with others who have defected to the Republican Party?
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), left, accompanied by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), second from right, and Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), right, speaks at a news conference Dec. 19 following a Senate policy luncheon on Capitol Hill. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
Hillary Clinton learned in 2016 that a laundry list of programs does not necessarily translate into a compelling message. Democrats recoil at Trump's "Make America Great Again" slogan as one that would take the country back to a time when women and minorities had fewer rights and opportunities, but Democrats also continue to struggle to enunciate a new America message that resonates powerfully, especially between the East and West coasts.
The party's geographical challenges will be put to the test starting in 2018. One reason for Democrats' optimism is that there are more than a dozen vulnerable House seats in blue states and several others in suburban areas in states Trump won but that have gone Democratic in the past. A fuller test of the party's ability to rebuild will come in gubernatorial races in the Midwest.
Among states in that region with contests in 2018, Republicans hold the governorships in Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois and Iowa. The Democrats' best opportunity will be in Illinois, their worst in Iowa. Democrats also must defend governorships in Pennsylvania and Minnesota. Those results, along with the outcome of legislative races in those industrial and Midwestern battlegrounds, will offer clues about the rebirth of the party.
The party's leadership also is an issue of concern. In the House, the top three Democratic leaders are in their late 70s. In the Senate, the two top leaders are in their late 60s or early 70s. None shows signs of stepping back.
Among the party's prospective presidential candidates, Sanders is 76, former vice president Joe Biden is 75, and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) is 68. Who among them will run in 2020 isn't known, but one issue for Democratic voters that year will be whether they are prepared to look to a different generation.
Howard Dean, the former governor of Vermont and former chair of the Democratic National Committee, has been a one-person chorus calling for a generational change in leadership for his party in 2020. He has said he would like to see his party nominate someone age 55 or younger, preferably 50 or younger. His argument is that the party needs a new-generation leader who can speak to the future more authentically than someone a decade or two older.
Dean noted that younger Americans — say, under 35 — are one of the most important constituencies for Democrats (those younger than 30 voted better than 2-to-1 for Virginia Gov.-elect Ralph Northam in November). But Dean recognizes that these younger voters are more loosely aligned to political parties than older generations, and organize and mobilize differently than past generations.
He believes it will be essential to find a presidential candidate who both reflects those attitudes and can energize those younger voters. "You've got to have a candidate who really turns people on, and I think somebody much closer to this generation would be this person," Dean said in a telephone interview on Friday.
Democrats see a divided Republican Party led by Trump as an easy target for criticism. For now, that will remain the principal focus heading into the midterm elections. But as they begin what amounts to a three-year campaign cycle of midterm elections followed by a critically important 2020 presidential race, will Democrats be forthright in assessing and dealing with their own vulnerabilities?
In his first interview since being released from prison, Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab told RT that he will continue his fight for democracy. He was locked up for tweeting remarks that were deemed to be insulting to Bahraini institutions.
READ MORE: Bahrain detains, questions human rights activist Nabeel Rajab
A court in Manama ordered Rajab's release but barred him from leaving the country. His next hearing will be on January 20. Rajab is the director of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights, and was freed in May after serving two years for taking part in unauthorized protests.
Rajab is a member of Bahrain's Shia majority, which has been protesting against the country's Sunni ruling monarchy since February 2011.
RT:How does it feel to be released?
Nabeel Rajab: I'm happy to talk to you as the first TV interview I've done since being released. The first interview I did after my release in May was with Russia Today, and today after my release [it's] the first TV interview I've done.
I feel good that I'm out after being inside for a month for a tweet I made, and that was because Bahrain has a policy of targeting human rights activists, as you know. As I'm talking to you, there are thousands other than me behind bars. Many of them are human rights activists who have been charged with terrorism, and many activists are out of the country. Human rights activists in this country are the target of the government and intuitions. We are forced to be silent. We are to be suffocated because the government doesn't want us to talk, doesn't want us to criticize government institutions, which have been responsible for a lot of human rights violations. And today I'm paying the price for talking; I'm paying the price for what I write, for monitoring the human rights violations in this country. So what I am facing is what hundreds of other human rights activists face. Many people are behind bars today [in Bahrain] because of a tweet they have made or because of criticism they have written in a newspaper or online. Thank God I'm more known than others, but unfortunately those people, nobody knows about them. And I urge the international community to look into human rights violations in this country and leave their interest on one side, but respect the human rights, the justice that they've fought for many years. A lot of human rights violations are happening in this part of the world and we hardly hear about it internationally.
RT:What about your situation now? Presumably now that you've been released from prison, you'll continue your campaign for human rights. Or do you fear that you will be imprisoned again? Does that concern you?
NR: There is no bargaining about my work for human rights. The struggle has to continue for justice and democracy. You can't get justice and democracy free of charge. We have been ruled by the same family for the past 200 years in the same way. Now we are struggling to have democracy, justice, equality, and liberty. We have seen it in Europe and around the world, but we haven't tasted it. We need to have the same democratic system in my country. I know that it's very costly and that a lot of people have given their lives. So me comparing to them is nothing. I spent my last two years in jail and now again I'm spending one month. And I was released on bail and I don't know for how long I'm going to be out. But whatever happens, it's not going to stop me from continuing my struggle for democracy. I'm more determined. I'm more sure that the struggle has to continue peacefully to achieve human rights and democracy.
RT:What was your time like in prison over the last couple of months?
NR: Over the past two years and the past one month also, I was always among the 4,000 political prisoners. I was always kept in isolation. I was not allowed to mix with other political prisoners, although all political prisoners keep together, but I was the only one. [They see] that I'm creating awareness of human rights and see that as dangerous, as a threat, so they always keep me in isolation. They kept me in a jail away from other political prisoners, mostly with foreigners and migrant workers who were there for a few hours or one or two days. But I was always in isolation for the past two years and the past one month also.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Cameron: "Those who want to claim tax credits and child benefits must live here and contribute to our country for a minimum of four years"
David Cameron has urged other EU leaders to support his "reasonable" proposals for far-reaching curbs on welfare benefits for migrants.
Britain's prime minister said lower EU migration would be a priority in future negotiations over the UK's membership and he would "rule nothing out" if he did not get the changes he wanted.
Under his plans, migrants would have to wait four years for certain benefits.
Brussels said the ideas were "part of the debate" to be "calmly considered".
Mr Cameron said he was confident he could change the basis of EU migration into the UK and therefore campaign for the UK to stay in the EU in a future referendum planned for 2017.
But he warned that if the UK's demands fell on "deaf ears" he would "rule nothing out" - the strongest hint to date he could countenance the UK leaving the EU.
'Emergency brake'
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said Mr Cameron's welfare curbs were "a tougher version of an approach already set out by Labour and the Liberal Democrats".
The main proposals in the speech - which are dependent on Mr Cameron remaining in power after May's general election - are:
Stopping EU migrants from claiming in-work benefits, such as tax credits, and getting access to social housing for four years
Stopping migrants claiming child benefit for dependents living outside the UK
Removing migrants from the UK after six months if they have not found work
Restricting the right of migrants to bring non-EU family members into the UK
Stopping EU jobseekers claiming Universal Credit
Speeding up deportation of convicted criminals
Longer re-entry bans for beggars and fraudsters removed from the UK
Stopping citizens from new EU entrants working in the UK until their economies have "converged more closely".
Extra money for communities with high levels of migrants
Mr Cameron ruled out a temporary cap on migrant numbers or an "emergency brake" on EU freedom of movement rules, ideas both mooted in recent months, saying this would be less "effective" than reducing the incentives for people to come to the UK.
And he said there was "no doubt" his proposals would require changes to the treaties governing the European Union, necessitating the support of all EU members.
View from Poland
Image copyright ALAMY
By Adam Easton, BBC Warsaw correspondent
David Cameron's speech has made headlines in Poland, with commercial news channel TVN24 leading on the story on its website.
But the speech has not provoked the outrage here that his comments on the BBC's Andrew Marr show in January did.
Then Mr Cameron specifically mentioned Poles when he spoke about the need to crack down on EU immigrants claiming benefit payments in the UK. Polish government officials said his words "stigmatised" Poles and were discriminatory.
This time around, Mr Cameron called the Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz beforehand to apprise Warsaw about his speech.
The government here does not oppose moves in the UK to close benefit payment loopholes but Warsaw wants London to do it in a way that is non-discriminatory and in line with EU regulations.
I watched the speech with students at Torun's Copernicus University. Several told me they planned to go to the UK following their studies. None said the proposed benefit restrictions would put them off as they planned to work, not claim benefits.
Q&A: What benefits can EU migrants get?
Cameron, migration and the Germans
UK migration: What's really happening?
Mr Cameron began his speech by saying migration had benefited the UK and that he was proud of the "multi-racial" nature of modern Britain.
But he said immigration levels in recent years - the largest in peacetime, he said - had put unsustainable pressure on public services and demands for change were "not outlandish or unreasonable".
Image copyright PA Image caption Mr Cameron was speaking at the JCB factory in the West Midlands
"The British people will not understand - frankly I will not understand - if a sensible way through cannot be found, which will help settle this country's place in the EU once and for all."
Mr Cameron, who spoke to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker before the speech, said he wanted the package to be adopted across the EU but that if it was not, he would seek a new UK-only arrangement.
Analysis
By BBC political correspondent Chris Mason
Consider both the statistical and political imperatives that drove the prime minister to make this speech.
First, the numbers - 260,000 more people arrived in the UK in the year to June than left.
That is roughly the population of Sunderland turning up inside 12 months, needing houses, jobs, school places and doctors' surgeries.
Second, the politics. One word will do - UKIP.
David Cameron needed to combine the two Rs in his speech: being seen as simultaneously radical and realistic.
Bold enough to prove he gets what many see as a problem, believable enough to ensure he achieves what he sees as a solution.
And he did it by deploying a line a certain women's hair shampoo product would be proud of. Do a deal with us Europe, because we're worth it.
Nick Robinson: Cameron changes tactics
Reaction to PM's immigration speech
At the moment EU citizens are free to come to the UK and compete for jobs without being subject to any immigration controls. Those from outside the EU face much tighter controls if they wish to enter the country.
Outlining proposed restrictions on tax credits and child benefits, Mr Cameron said a migrant in work with two children was getting £700 a month on average in support from the state, twice the amount paid in Germany and three times as much as in France.
"No wonder so many people want to come to Britain," he said, adding that changes to in-work benefits could affect about 400,000 people.
Dr Carlos Vargas-Silva, a migration expert at Oxford University, told the BBC there were an estimated 50,000 EU migrants claiming tax credits who have been in the UK for fewer than four years, adding that the changes could have a real impact.
Image caption Note: 2014 shows provisional rolling quarterly estimates
Mr Cameron also responded to criticism that the Conservatives' stated aim in its 2010 manifesto to reduce overall levels of net migration below 100,000 was "in tatters".
The PM acknowledged the goal would not meet by May, blaming the economic weakness in the eurozone, and said "more time and work" was needed to accomplish it.
Home Secretary Theresa May said: "We are very clearly saying that we have not achieved that target."
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's PM programme, she also said there was "no set single right number" of immigrants that could come to the UK.
'Negotiating position'
Tory MPs reacted positively to the speech but several urged him to go further.
Jacob Rees-Mogg said Mr Cameron's language indicated "he is willing to campaign to leave [the EU] and I believe that strengthens his negotiating position substantially".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How do people in the "twinned" UK and Polish towns of Swindon and Toruń feel about David Cameron's immigration plans?
But Bill Cash said the proposals did not go far enough, while another Conservative MP, Nigel Mills, said an outright cap on numbers was needed.
Labour leader Ed Miliband said Mr Cameron had made a "no ifs, to buts" promise at the last general election to get migration down and he had "no credibility" on the issue.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the prime minister should have apologised for missing his immigration target, and said he was "playing catch-up" with UKIP.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said some of the proposals were "sensible and workable" but said there were "very serious question marks" over others, including deporting jobseekers after six months if they had not found work.
European Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said the proposals would have to be "examined without drama".
"It is up to national lawmakers to fight against abuses of the system and the EU law allows for this," he added.
In a statement, the German government emphasised the importance of free movement of people but said it was prepared to work with the UK to find "mutually acceptable solutions".
The Montreal Impact is a disaster. I use the present tense because the disaster is ongoing, right this second. On Filibuster this week, our guest Sofiane Benzaza from Mount Royal Soccer - a very cheerful, positive guy in general - used words like "shambles" and "panic" in talking about the Impact. With six points, they're three adrift of the rest of MLS, and they've also got the worst goal differential (-10) and are tied for the fewest goals scored with Toronto FC, who have played two fewer games. D.C. United fans who survived 2013 know how bad things can get, and up in Quebec they are rapidly approaching that kind of bad.
They are coming off a win, but it's as dubious as they come. Up 3-0 on the night and 4-2 on aggregate, they found themselves on the verge of humiliation in the Voyageurs Cup - Canada's much smaller answer to the US Open Cup - after letting visiting FC Edmonton score twice and pull ahead on away goals.
Five minutes into stoppage time, one of the more generous penalty kick calls you'll see in 2014 went their way, however, and captain Patrice Bernier saved his team from what would have been a truly embarrassing loss. Edmonton isn't even a good lower-division team: They're in ninth place in the ten-team NASL, and are the only team scoring less than one goal per game. That team managed four goals over two legs against the Impact.
Sound familiar? Maybe you even made the trip down to Richmond last season to see United go down to nine men in extra time before converting all their penalty kicks? Or maybe you'll more easily recognize a team standing pat through the offseason despite some obvious signs that moves were required?
Oh sure, the Impact have Marco Di Vaio and Jack McInerney up top rather than Lionard Pajoy, but then United didn't have stories about players potentially half-assing games to get new coach Frank Klopas fired coming out. You didn't see Dave Kasper or Will Chang on the field arguing with opposing head coaches. The problems are different, but the result is pretty similar. Barring a major course correction, Montreal is on course to give last year's United a run for their money.
The problems are as varied as they are deep. Despite Alessandro Nesta's retirement, the group of regularly-used players is still among MLS's oldest, and those old players have either missed numerous games (Di Vaio, via suspension and now injury) or are in horrendous form (Matteo Ferrari). Designated Player Hernan Bernardello - note: Montreal has a DP anchor midfielder, which is already not how things work in MLS - is not old, but he's been injured too, as has La Liga veteran center back Adrian Lopez. Nelson Rivas, who was inexplicably re-signed for the season, hasn't played a second. The list goes on.
Meanwhile, the players that are fit have been bad. Heath Pearce only played a couple of games before getting benched for some combination of rookie Eric Miller and academy trio Karl Ouimette, Maxim Tissot, and Wandrille Lefevre (from that group, only Lefevre is older than 22). Felipe has shown some flashes when breaking into the attacking third, but has largely been poor when it comes to delivering the final ball or finishing himself. Jack McInerney, acquired in MLS's biggest trade this season, has looked close to being the guy that went on a fourteen game scoreless streak last season as opposed to the Di Vaio successor the Impact probably thought they were getting.
Compounding matters, Montreal will arrive at RFK having endured the following recent schedule:
- May 7th: Flight to Edmonton (about 1800 miles, or roughly equal to New England flying out to play RSL) to play on turf against FC Edmonton
- May 10th: Home game against the buzzsaw that is Sporting Kansas City
- May 14th: Home game against the Eddies that required them to push themselves as hard as possible in the last 30 minutes
It's not an incredibly brutal stretch, but Montreal is not at all equipped for difficulties right now. Given their injuries - Lopez, Miller, Rivas, Ferrari, Felipe, and Di Vaio are all carrying some kind of issue, despite the clean slate listed on the MLS injury report that few teams are honest about - and a suspension for Collen Warner, the Impact might not have a spare field player to leave out of their gameday 18 (sorry, third string GK Maxime Crepeau).
It's still tough to predict who will start, though, and also what their formation will be. Klopas has stuck mostly with a 4231, but these are desperate times for Montreal. The offense really needs Di Vaio and McInerney paired, but sacrificing the extra midfielder given the Impact's defensive woes is unlikely on the road and with tired legs.
So, lots of question marks here. I am reasonably sure that Ouimette and Hassoun Camara will play, but exactly where they'll do so depends on who else makes up the back four. Ferrari was not in the 18 Wednesday, and Pearce - in his first start in weeks - took a blow to the face just before the final whistle. It's probably easiest to say that Ouimette is usually used left of center, but will play right-center back if Pearce retains his spot. Camara could also play center back, which would require moving Jeb Brovsky out to the right and leaving left back to Tissot or Pearce. Lefevre is also in the running to start, but thankfully he is a pure center back and thus can't confuse things further.
Montreal's back four, no matter who plays, is a mess right now. The constant changing of players has resulted in a clear lack of understanding among the group, and the potential vocal leaders (Rivas and Pearce) have either been injured or out of form. United's attackers work hard and come from rather unorthodox angles, which is not at all what you want to see when your defense is already a jumble of confusion.
Camara and Ouimette do have some respectable aerial ability, but United can still fire in crosses because every Impact defender is prone to ball-watching and/or bad judgment. Normally I try to mention a channel that is particularly vulnerable, but in this case they're all weak. The Impact leave gaps because they don't diagnose runs quickly, plain and simple. It's a team-wide problem, too, because the midfield either does just as poor of a job at that or simply fails to keep up when their man makes a hard run.
If Eddie Johnson's head is in the right place after missing out on the World Cup roster, he could be in for a very good outing. He's faster than the players that can compete with him for strength, and he'll be able to physically overpower the rest of the Impact's defenders. If EJ's movement and effort are there, he'll have plenty of chances. EJ should look to exploit the gap between the two center backs, because Montreal doesn't defend well enough to force him to run other channels.
It's worth noting that despite his being suspended in MLS play, Klopas opted not to play Warner against Edmonton. That leaves Klopas with only one fresh central midfielder (Calum Mallace, who has just one start in 2014 and 472 MLS minutes in a three-year career). Bernardello is only just back from injury, and Bernier has seen only spotty playing time due to misgivings about his being a 34 year old central midfielder.
Klopas has no other options here, so I'm leaning towards Mallace getting the call in an effort to keep the game close by giving the Impact a chance to compete physically in central midfield. If Perry Kitchen and Davy Arnaud can turn this into a more physical game in the middle of the field, however, United should be able to dictate the terms from there.
The Black-and-Red need to be an aggressive, harrying team to further Montreal's misery.
Dictating the terms is important, because in spite of their flaws Montreal is a pretty respectable possession team. While I expect them to sit deep and purely look for chances on the break via turnovers or rashly-timed attempts to step high by Bobby Boswell or Jeff Parke, the Impact are still a team capable of slowing play down and keeping the chances to a minimum. United simply cannot let this happen, because it's the best way for Montreal to accomplish a couple of things (e.g. hiding that woeful defense, building some confidence, etc). The Black-and-Red need to be an aggressive, harrying team tomorrow night to further Montreal's misery.
Further forward, Justin Mapp will surely start on the right despite playing the full 90 mid-week. Mapp has been the lone bright spot for Montreal this season, and with all due respect to Di Vaio is the most dangerous player for the Impact by a comfortable margin. Whatever threat Klopas's side will pose is going to largely come from the right wing.
The funny thing with Mapp is that his game is fairly simple and predictable; he's just so good at what he does that it keeps working. Mapp wants to receive the ball at his feet rather than chase it into space; he wants to face his man on the dribble; he prefers to cut inside just outside the box, but failing that will cut in within five yards of the endline; and Mapp will look to pass or cross low rather than make traditional crosses. It's not a wide range of possibilities, but his timing is excellent and his speed puts people on their heels.
Unfortunately for United, the defender most vulnerable to this sort of thing is Christian. I'm not so much worried that Christian will get skinned a bunch of times as I am that he'll either a) miss once badly, as he did against Patrick Nyarko, or b) will pick up a card (or two) in the course of fouling Mapp repeatedly.
The key for stopping Mapp is to prevent him from getting going in the first place. He likes the ball played into his feet, so marking him tightly helps. He shrinks away from physical play, so a (legal) bump or shoulder-to-shoulder collision as he receives the ball will slow him down. In the event that Mapp does start a run towards goal, the best thing to do is to deny him a shot while staying marked up with other runners. Eventually, Mapp will stop running and play a backpass, and that means the attack will probably die at someone else's feet soon enough.
Up top, Montreal could pose an additional threat if Di Vaio is fit. In their match against Philly a couple of weeks ago, Di Vaio and McInerney freely swapped the roles of striker and left winger throughout the game and caused the Union all sorts of trouble. Yes, it's only the Union, but it was still broadly similar to the confusion United has been causing teams with the movement of Fabian Espindola and Chris Rolfe.
Di Vaio is nursing a hamstring strain and hasn't been in uniform for the last two Impact games, but if he's at all fit I would imagine Klopas would get him out there. If not, however, his decision is more complicated. Andres Romero is the freshest regular, but has not impressed this season at all. Sanna Nyassi is back from injury, but just played 90 minutes on Wednesday. One player that Klopas hasn't used much is Blake Smith, who offers more speed and work rate than Romero and more defensive bite than Nyassi. Smith wasn't even in the 18 for the game against Edmonton, but Klopas should consider all of his options at this point.
Mentally, United needs to get two things right: Avoid big-time mistakes while pushed high up the field - thus preventing breakaways for McInerney or Di Vaio, which are a huge part of Montreal's attack - and starting the game at a good level. L'Impact have conceded 10 first-half goals in MLS play, but have also managed to score three of their seven total goals in the first 15 minutes of their matches. It's a weird situation: Montreal tends to be very vulnerable to start games, but they're also more likely to score themselves. The opening stages will be crucial for United to prove they can be ruthless with a weakened opponent.
We tend to close with set pieces, and Montreal's defending in those situations has been...well, not great, but better than you'd expect from a hypothetical worst team in MLS. They have some size, and Troy Perkins has been mostly sound coming off his line, but when I watch them I see a team that would struggle badly with any sort of pick-based movement or some rehearsed runs. Don't be surprised if the Black-and-Red's new focus on being harder to predict on dead balls results in some big chances.
Offensively, Montreal's set piece play has been poor. The delivery hasn't been there, the creative runs haven't been there, and there's a distinct lack of that mean attitude teams tend to have that helps them fight off defenders to get onto the incoming service. Again, there are targets here - Camara in particular is a threat - but Montreal's set piece plan often seems to consist of "OK, you cross the ball in, and everyone else just run around and hopefully it works somehow." 'arry Redknapp would be proud.
It's been a long time since United had any games where the expectations were for a definite win, but last week and tomorrow fit the bill. DCU was not that good in Philly, but they got the job done with strong individual defending and via midfield dominance. At home, against an even weaker (and wearier) opponent, everyone around the club will be hoping for a more impressive showing. Hopefully we can see the United that sensed blood in the water once FC Dallas went down to ten men. This is a classic #SweepTheLeg game if there ever was one.
