Wednesday, while a huge crowd of protesters stood in front of the U.S. Supreme Court building, the justices heard oral argument in the first major abortion case in nearly a decade.
In Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, the Supreme Court is considering whether Texas' H.B. 2 law—a commonsense reform intended to increase women's health and safety—has the purpose or effect of imposing an “undue burden” on women seeking abortions.
The law requires abortion clinic doctors to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic and clinics to meet the minimum health and safety standards that other ambulatory surgical centers have to meet.
>>> To Read More on This Topic: “Abortion, Admitting Privileges, and the Supreme Court: Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt”
Here are five key exchanges from the oral argument:
1. Scant Evidence of Clinics Impacted
Several of the justices pressed Stephanie Toti, the lawyer representing the abortion doctors and clinics, for evidence showing that the law has had an impact on clinics, causing their closure.
Justice Samuel Alito pointed out that in a similar case in Louisiana, the challengers included specific data on the number of abortions being performed and the capacity of each clinic. He wanted to know why Toti had not produced the same individual evidence on the relatively small number of abortion clinics that had closed.
Alito referred to an article in the Huffington Post that said that one of the clinics the plaintiff claimed closed due to the Texas law had actually closed due to a reduction in state funding, which had nothing to do with H.B. 2.
When Toti protested that that article wasn't in the record, Alito pointed out that she had lots of items in her brief that were not in the record. In fact, Alito asked, wasn't it true that at least three new clinics that meet the health and safety standards had opened up since the law passed? Toti couldn't deny that.
2. Harsh Questions From Liberal Justices
While defending H.B. 2, Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller received some harsh questioning from several of the liberal justices, particularly Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who seemed shocked that Texas had passed a law requiring abortion clinics to meet the same standards as other ambulatory surgical centers or requiring their doctors to meet the professional standards of doctors admitted practicing in hospitals.
Justice Stephen Breyer also lectured Keller on various aspects of the case. But when Keller attempted to discuss the value of requiring admitting privileges, pointing out that the National Abortion Federation had made that same recommendation in 2000 (before it changed its mind), Breyer cut him off. Breyer acknowledged that he was not questioning the intent of the legislature in passing this statute; it was clearly done to advance the safety and health of women.
He was, however, concerned about the manner the state chose to advance those interests. Thus, Breyer's line of questioning suggests that there may not be four votes in favor of the plaintiffs' claim that the Texas legislators' ulterior motive in passing this law was to close down abortion clinics, not improve the safety of clinics.
3.) More Fact-Finding
At one point, Justice Anthony Kennedy asked Toti whether the Court should remand the case back to the lower court for more fact-finding. Kennedy is considered the key vote in this case, and he seemed somewhat hesitant at today's argument.
4.) Sotomayor's Extra Question
At the end of Toti's time at the podium (and after Chief Justice John Roberts had already given her additional time), Justice Sonia Sotomayor continued asking a question even after Roberts said, “Thank you, counsel,” which is the traditional manner in which the chief lets the lawyer know that her time has ended.
U.S. Solicitor General Don Verrilli, who had divided argument time with Toti, spoke second. He argued that if Texas' law goes into effect, the remaining clinics will not be able to meet the increased demand of new patients if other clinics close. But as Alito noted, the plaintiffs hadn't provided any evidence on that point, so the Supreme Court shouldn't speculate about that.
5.) Potential Medical Complications
Several of the justices today did not seem to want to hear about the complications that can arise from abortions, including hemorrhage, infection, uterine perforation, anesthesia complications, and other problems that can lead to hysterectomies or death, which show why this law is necessary.
Sotomayor claimed that the Gosnell clinic was clearly an outlier, but Alito jumped in to note that one of the amicus curiae “friend of the Court” briefs that was filed in the case described “appalling violations” at plaintiff Whole Woman's facilities, including “[h]oles in the floor—where rats could come in, the lack of any equipment to adequately sterilize instruments.” Suddenly Gosnell's “house of horrors” didn't sound like such an outlier.
>>>To Read More on This Topic: “How Gosnell's Abortion ‘House of Horrors' Led to This Week's Supreme Court Case”
As Texas has shown, admitting privilege are important for women's health and safety because otherwise a patient who experiences complications following an abortion will arrive at an emergency room without the doctor who actually performed the abortion. This leaves the emergency room physician with no access to her medical records, her history, or information about the procedure.
All this increases the likelihood of medical errors and harm to the patient. The admitting privileges requirement also ensures rigorous scrutiny of a doctor's professional qualifications and surgical skills.
The same is true of requiring abortion clinics to meet the minimum standards set for other ambulatory surgical centers. These requirements improve the quality of care that women receive.
This is true even in the cases of drug-induced abortions, where Sotomayor and Ginsburg questioned the need for such higher standards. But as Keller pointed out, drug-induced abortions actually have a higher complication rate than surgical abortions.
Opportunity to Ensure Health and Safety
In the more than 40 years since the Supreme Court invented a constitutional right to abortion, the abortion industry has evaded and fought commonsense regulations at every step. The result has been horrors like those found in the Gosnell clinic, which for years harmed women and killed children born alive.
The Supreme Court now has an opportunity to confirm that states have a legitimate interest in ensuring the safety and health of women who enter abortion clinics. The essence of the argument made by the plaintiffs in this case and all of their amici is that the ability of abortion clinics to remain open—even under substandard conditions—should outweigh the state's ability to put women's health and safety first.
The justices would do well to uphold Texas' reasonable law and reconsider the long, deadly shadow that its abortion decisions have cast over American law, medicine, and society.
The New England Patriots are having quite the offseason. They've acquired a premium free agent cornerback in Stephon Gilmore, they've traded for a premium wide receiver in Brandin Cooks, and they've traded for an upside-filled pass rusher in Kony Ealy. Not to mention they also just brought back long-time linebacker Dont'a Hightower, the unsung hero of New England's most recent two Super Bowl victories.
Bill Belichick is, once again, in a very good spot for the immediate future. But because of these moves, the Patriots also find themselves without a draft pick in the first two rounds of the 2017 NFL Draft. That's not a huge deal; New England's been there before and has a knack for uncovering talent in unexpected places. But this year's first round features tons of defensive talent, a pool one would expect the Patriots to dabble in.
But the lack of draft picks, coupled with a ton of defensive talent, is exactly why it makes too much sense for the Patriots not to trade Jimmy Garoppolo.
The Patriots have repeatedly leaked the fact they do not plan to trade Garoppolo this offseason. But the reality is if the Browns go the Patriots and drop an offer they can't refuse, New England isn't walking away. For instance, there are a pair of first-round picks this year that say the Patriots won't hold onto Garoppolo.
We're not going that far down the rabbit hole, though. No. 1 and No. 12 overall for a guy with 94 career passes? No freaking chance. But there's a deal to be made. Let's try and make it and then see how the draft plays out after that.
Browns send:
2017 1st round pick (No. 12 overall)
2017 2nd round pick (No. 33 overall)
2017 2nd round pick (No. 52 overall)
2018 2nd round pick (TBD, Cleveland's original)
Patriots send:
QB Jimmy Garoppolo
For a minute I thought about including another first-round pick or having the Patriots send a third-round pick back. But New England isn't giving up any picks in this deal. And I don't think the Browns want to risk sacrificing the No. 1 overall selection in 2018, a very reasonable situation if they are once again terrible in 2017. That deal is basically three-first round picks, with Cleveland's No. 12 being the prize jewel and two of the other second-round picks coming (likely) in the early 30's.
And it's a reasonable deal. The value of those picks adds up to 52.2 AV value in Chase Stuart's draft value chart and 2,710 points in the Jimmy Johnson traditional trade value chart. That's the equivalent of the 1st and 14th overall picks (Stuart chart) and the slightly more than the 2nd overall pick (Johnson chart).
Four draft picks later, the Browns finally have their franchise quarterback in Garoppolo. USASTI
Any way you slice it, it's a remarkable amount of value for the Patriots to come away with from a selection of Garoppolo in the second round several years ago. It's also a lot for the Browns to give up, but they still have two second-round picks next year and the No. 1 overall pick to play with.
Cleveland would prefer to keep their own second-round pick this year, but ultimately they are going to walk away with a pick in every round this year except the second, and a pick in every round next year, including two in the second, plus their franchise quarterback.
It's a deal that makes sense. Onto the picks.
Myles Garrett, DE, Texas A&M: The Browns will still come out of the first round with the best defender in this draft and a franchise quarterback in Garoppolo. They won't pick until the third round, but considering the moves they made in free agency to shore up the offensive line and the pieces coming into place on the defensive side of the ball, they have to feel good about where the franchise is going.
The Browns still come away with Garrett, the best defender in this draft USATSI
Mitch Trubisky, QB, North Carolina: I absolutely remain convinced that Trubisky is the best quarterback in this draft class and that he would be an excellent fit in the system that Kyle Shanahan will install in San Francisco. This is a moot point if something happens between the Redskins and Kirk Cousins.
Trubisky is the best quarterback in this draft. USATSI
Jonathan Allen, DE, Alabama: The Bears have plenty of needs, but taking one of the better players in the draft and securing another big talent for this defensive line works out just fine as well.
Allen will make that Bears front better. USATSI
Leonard Fournette, RB, LSU: Kind of liked the idea that Pete Prisco had of the Browns trading up with the Jaguars, who suddenly aren't dealing with a ton of needs. But “not having needs” and “not needing good players” are two different things. Without a sure-fire offensive lineman on the board and with the ability to add a game-changing running back, the Jags go Fournette here.
Fournette will be a game-changer for the Jags. USATSI
5. Tennessee Titans (from Los Angeles)
Solomon Thomas, DE, Stanford: It's just not a stretch to see Thomas in the top five given his immense upside. And the Titans could use help at pass rush, making this a fairly easy selection to pull the trigger on.
Thomas is a top-five talent. USATSI
Malik Hooker, S, Ohio State: The Jets just said goodbye to an all-time defensive back in Darrelle Revis and now hope that they can bring someone on board who can have even a modicum of Revis' success with the Gang Green. Hooker's a ball hawk and the Jets aren't competing in 2017, so they can redshirt him if injury requires it.
The Jets need help in their secondary -- Hooker provides some. USATSI
Jamal Adams, S, LSU: There are more pressing needs for San Diego, but a) there isn't an offensive lineman worth taking at this spot and b) Adams is the best player on their board, so they lock down the LSU defensive back and deploy him in a creative fashion.
The Chargers have several needs and Adams fills at least one. USATSI
Derek Barnett, DE, Tennessee: Adding more pass rushers -- especially young pass rushers -- should be a critical emphasis for the Panthers in this draft. Maybe this is high for Barnett, but he was crazy productive in the SEC and can step into Carolina's rotation right away along.
Barnett is already polished as a defender. USATSI
Corey Davis, WR, Western Michigan: The Bengals are not the same team of the past few years and have concerns on the offensive line to deal with. But they also need weapons in the passing game. Davis would be an excellent complement to A.J. Green.
The Bengals need weapons and Davis is a nice one. USATSI
Mike Williams, WR, Clemson: The Bills have some nice weapons on offense, but what better way to improve the passing attack for the newly re-signed (re-worked?) Tyrod Taylor than by pairing Sammy Watkins with a massive possession receiver in Mike Williams. When in doubt, put as many receivers from Clemson on the field as possible.
Another Clemson wideout for Taylor? Why not. USATSI
Gareon Conley, CB, Ohio State: Conley looked like he belonged with the rest of the Ohio State defensive backs in the first round while performing at the combine. He would make an immediate impact on a Saints defense that has all sorts of issues.
Gareon Conley is yet another first-round talent from Columbus. USATSI
12. New England Patriots (via mock trade with Cleveland, from Philadelphia)
O.J. Howard, TE, Alabama: The Patriots already traded for Dwayne Allen and have Rob Gronkowski on the roster. But what's another pass-catching, run-blocking tight end for them? It's another weapon, that's what. Please don't tell me the Patriots don't need a tight end. They're collecting extremely talented players.
Howard would be yet another tight end in the Patriots arsenal. USATSI
Deshaun Watson, QB, Clemson: A year of seasoning under Carson Palmer to learn Bruce Arians' offense would put Watson in a good spot and prepare him to take over the helm when Palmer (presumably) leaves after next year.
Watson goes to Arizona and learns from one of the best for a season. USATSI
14. Philadelphia Eagles (from Minnesota)
Malik McDowell, DT, Michigan State: The Eagles need more bodies in the middle along with Fletcher Cox after seeing Bennie Logan leave for Kansas City.
McDowell would help solidify the Eagles front. USATSI
15. Indianapolis Colts
Jabrill Peppers, LB/S, Michigan: Chuck Pagano gets to make this pick alongside Chris Ballard, instead of being told who he's getting, which means that the Colts bring in a guy who is versatile.
Pagano will find a way to get the talented Peppers on the field. USATSI
Reuben Foster, LB, Alabama: The star linebacker fell because of off-field issues in this draft, and as a result Ozzie Newsome is more than willing to swoop him up and figure out what he needs later. Good players work well on good teams.
Reuben Foster would upgrade a Ravens defense in need of playmakers. USATSI
Haason Reddick, LB, Temple: Explosive pass rusher who has really risen in the process during the offseason, Reddick could ultimately end up going even higher than this once it's all said and done.
Haason Reddick is a freakish talent. USATSI
18. Tennessee Titans
John Ross, WR, Washington: I'm all in on Ross, so I don't expect him to last this far, but maybe medicals are an issue for him. Either way, here he is, and Jon Robinson is thrilled with his first-round selections.
Ross is a speed demon who may not even last this long on the board. USATSI
Dalvin Cook, RB, Florida State: The Bucs can't feel great about where they are with Doug Martin, and grabbing Cook gives them a chance to pair Jameis Winston with an old teammate who will give the running game a boost.
Dalvin Cook in the same backfield with Jameis Winston? The Bucs will take it. Getty Images
Ryan Ramczyk, OL, Wisconsin: Amid tons of speculation about the quarterback position, John Elway will more than willingly add another body to the offensive line and hope the Broncos can provide some protection up front for whoever is taking snaps.
Ramcyzk has made scouts take notice in a hurry. USATSI
Taco Charlton, DE, Michigan: The Lions need to improve their pass rush and they could do much worse than grabbing the delightfully named local product.
The Lions could certainly use this local product to improve their pass rush. USATSI
Forrest Lamp, OG, Western Kentucky: The Dolphins need to beef up the quality of their interior linemen after making a move to trade Branden Albert to Jacksonville for tight end Julius Thomas (who is not actually a guard).
The Dolphins continue to rebuild their line with Lamp. USATSI
Cam Robinson, OT, Auburn: Eli Manning was under siege for a lot of the 2016 season and the Giants need to get more protection for him up front. That can start with the draft.
The Giants have weapons, but they need players Robinson to protect Manning. USATSI
Takkarist McKinley, LB, UCLA: There's no such thing as too many pass rushers, and there's no such thing as too many athletic freaks who are starting to emerge as viable players in multiple facets of the defensive game.
Takkarist McKinley is a freak on the field. USATSI
Patrick Mahomes, QB, Texas Tech: We're still operating under the assumption that the Texans will get Tony Romo at some point, but it's entirely possible that it doesn't happen until June, in which case shoring up the quarterback position would be important in the draft.
Mahomes is ready to prove he belongs in the first-round QB conversation. USATSI
Garett Bolles, OT, Utah: The Seahawks brought in Eddie Lacy but they still need someone who can block for him. Depth and talent on the offensive line is a must and this is a pick for need.
Bolles is another part of the Seahawks transformation on offense. USATSI
Adoree' Jackson, CB, USC: The Chiefs have a pretty loaded roster and won't be drafting for need. Which means they can be a little luxurious with their pick, and they do just that by grabbing a young kid who wowed at the combine with his athleticism to only make a great secondary better.
Jackson wowed at the combine and would help the Chiefs on the back end. USATSI
Charles Harris, DE, Missouri: The Cowboys finding some defensive help is an absolute must in this draft, and grabbing Harris to improve the pass rush is a nice move at this spot.
Harris gives the Cowboys something they're lacking -- a pass rush. USATSI
Marlon Humphrey, CB, Alabama: If the Packers are going to get a pro-ready corner in this draft, they're probably not going to be bad off by grabbing one out of a Nick Saban system.
Humphrey could make an immediate impact in Green Bay. USATSI
David Njoku, TE, Miami: More weapons for Ben Roethlisberger? More weapons for Ben Roethlisberger. Njoku might not be ready to roll right out of the gate, but Jesse James can hold down the fort until he is.
Njoku provides Big Ben with yet another weapon in the passing game. USATSI
Obi Melifonwu, S, Connecticut: Dude put on a SHOW at the combine and could give the Falcons some additional defensive versatility to utilize all over the backfield.
Obi Melifonwu jumps into the first round after an impressive combine. USATSI
32. New Orleans Saints (from New England Patriots)
Christian McCaffrey, RB, Stanford: Maybe McCaffrey doesn't make it this long (I don't think he does, but he did in this edition), but if he is there, he would make a fascinating weapon for Sean Payton to use in the Saints offense. Clearly New Orleans needs defense, but giving up Brandin Cooks netted them this pick, which means they can get a little greedy and grab some offense.
McCaffrey would fit nicely in Sean Payton's offense. USATSI
Come January 14, 2018, it will be "So Long, Dearie" for 2017 Tony winner Bette Midler, who on that date will play her final performance as Dolly Gallagher Levi in the Tony-winning revival of Hello, Dolly! at the Shubert Theatre. The news was announced as a tweet from the official Hello, Dolly! Twitter.
Midler plays the role of Dolly seven performances per week; on Tuesday evenings two-time Tony winner Donna Murphy takes on the role of the indelible matchmaker. There is no word yet on a replacement for Midler.
Hello, Dolly! also stars David Hyde Pierce as Horace Vandergelder, 2017 Tony winner Gavin Creel as Cornelius Hackl, Kate Baldwin as Irene Molloy, Taylor Trensch as Barnaby Tucker, Beanie Feldstein as Minnie Fay, Will Burton as Ambrose Kemper, Melanie Moore as Ermengarde and Jennifer Simard as Ernestina Money.
The full company includes Kevin Ligon, Cameron Adams, Phillip Attmore, Giuseppe Bausilio, Justin Bowen, Taeler Cyrus, Leslie Donna Flesner, Jessica Lee Goldyn, Stephen Hanna, Michael Hartung, Robert Hartwell, Aaron Kaburick, Amanda LaMotte, Analisa Leaming, Jess LeProtto, Nathan Madden, Michael McCormick, Linda Mugleston, Hayley Podschun, Jessica Sheridan, Christian Dante White, Branch Woodman, Ryan Worsing, Richard Riaz Yoder, Michael Hartung, Elizabeth Earley, Jenifer Foote, Ian Liberto, Michaeljon Slinger, Nathan Keen, Sarah Meahl and Stephen Hernandez.
The revival features direction by Jerry Zaks and choreography by Warren Carlyle with lighting design by Natasha Katz, sound design by Scott Lehrer and costume/scenic design by 2017 Tony winner Santo Loquasto.
They would also have noted how thin the benches of both parties are and how messed up our system is in general. But Trump has blocked too many from seeing this; thus, one of Trump's less talked about dangers is that he distracts us from acknowledging this depressing reality.
especially after seeing Trump in two debates, would still have seen one of our two parties (the Republican Party) denying reality and denying responsibility for cultivating vile forces in American Politics.
By Brian E. Frydenborg (LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter @bfry1981) Author‎, International Affairs/Development/Public Policy Professional, Freelance Writer/Journalist/Consultant/Historian
AMMAN — As much as the horror show of the second Clinton-Trump debate should bother us, on some levels the Pence-Kaine vice-presidential debate is more worrisome.
I say this because that one has been acknowledged to be the more “normal” debate, and should remind us all of how dysfunctional our system is even without Trump and his candidacy. But, because of that, it is also one of the more instructive moments of this campaign season, even though the debate happened almost two weeks ago; in fact, its lessons' importance do not dim with the passage of time, but only increase, and will be relevant for the foreseeable future.
See, the thing about the now-generally-spineless Republican Party elected officials is that we can see the next episode, should Trump lose, with breathtaking clarity: “WE REPUBLICANS LOST BECAUSE OF TRUMP. BLAME HIM. WE ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR WHAT HAPPENED BECAUSE WE ARE 100% FREE FROM ALL BLAME AND 100% OF THE BLAME IS ON TRUMP,” they will spout piously.
But the largely uninspiring Pence-Kaine debate easily disproves that; it shows what is wrong with the Republican Party, it shows much of what's wrong with our political system in general, and it even reminds us how thin the Democratic Party's bench is.
What the VP Debate Told Us About Democrats
Now, a brief note on the issues with the Democrats before getting into the meatier awfulness of the other two topics.
First, don't get me wrong: I like Tim Kaine, and though I was at first disheartened by the pick of another white male, I knew Elizabeth Warren would have been a disaster in repelling centrist voters and in making it an all-female ticket (nothing wrong with that for me but America is still a backwards country), and I was really hot for Julián Castro and would also have been excited by Corey Booker, but after I watched Kaine speak once he was picked and learned more about him, I chided myself for wanting to be “excited” and realized that Clinton was right to pick Kaine, who had far more experience and who could credibly be said to be ready to be president more than most (and certainly far more than the younger and inexperienced Castro and Booker, give them time for goodness sakes! Patience!!).
In all industries learning is the first thing everyone should know. Because learners are the best speakers. Learning helps us to succeed more and more in life. Even the great political parties learnt some tricks and techniques from the experienced parties without any hesitation. Learning will help us to improve ourselves in many ways. Let us take a click reference about the learning of the political parties.
I realized my expectations as a liberal should not outweigh an ability to appeal to swing voters who are not as liberal as I am and to be ready to be Commander-in-Chief should disaster strike.
In the debate, Kaine deserves some credit for acting like a kamikaze pilot aimed right at Trump: at the expense of his own favorability, he kept the focus on Trump throughout the debate even though it meant a “loss” to the man with whom he shared the stage, Mike Pence: suicide mission accomplished, Sen; Kaine.
But on other levels, Kaine was lacking: he stumbled over his words more than a few times, his delivery was off, his attempts at humor fell flat. More than anything else, Kaine's very presence was a reminder how thin the Democratic bench is, even if the Republican Bench is unquestionably weaker, especially in terms of substance. I remember thinking when Ted Kennedy died—the Last Lion of the Senate—there was no one else even close him except perhaps for Biden, now aging and in the twilight of his political career. The Lionesses of the senate—Barbara Mikulski and Barbara Boxer—are both retiring this year, with only Dianne Feinstein left in their class, though Claire McCaskill can be said to be a good person to soon be of similar stature. In the House, Nancy Pelosi, John Lewis, Elijah Cummings, Jim Clyburn, and other elder statesman will continue to serve there, but that's pretty much it for them. Booker and Castro are exciting, but that is a list of two people. And Warren, whom I also like, is admittedly mostly talk and to the left of most Americans and is therefore not a viable national candidate for the same reasons Bernie Sanders is not.
What the VP Debate Told Us About Republicans
Bench
As for the Republican bench, it was eviscerated by the one-two combination of Donald Trump and actual Republican voters this primary season. Newer, supposedly up-and-coming stars like Sens. Rand Paul and Marco Rubio performed abysmally. Tom Cotton (who didn't run) may have an appealing veteran background, but he, like many other GOP newcomers, is also an irrational extremist who will narrowly appeal to white male voters and few others in terms of demographics or gender, which, in the future, will not be a winning formula even if Trump shocked us all with how many legs this formula can still stand upon in 2016 with what at least convincingly seems like a Picket's Charge last-gasp of American white ethno-nationalism.
GOP: Party of Fantasy
Now, as to the most serious problem—especially on the Republican side, people were pining about possibly having the guy in the VP slot switch positions with the candidate on the top of the ticket. While that would spare us the possibility of a Trump cataclysm, it would, sadly, do nothing to alleviate the myriad problems facing our political system before Trump announced his candidacy.
In fact, the Kaine-Pence debate reminded me of the Bush-Gore, Bush-Kerry debates from years past, minus all the personality and excitement; yes, these two came off blander than we thought was possible, but the recent debate was worse in so many ways. Back then, it seemed the two parties lived in alternate realities on many issues and couldn't agree on basic facts about the state of the world they cohabited. Today, those divisions are only more pronounced and cover even more issues than before, making the partisanship of the Bush and early Obama years seem almost quaint in comparison.
During the W. Bush years, no mainstream Democrat argued that Bush was responsible for or created al-Qaeda. Sure, there was fair criticism that Bush's policies were counterproductive and incited and enabled more terrorism—an objectively true claim, as even Bush realized this when he replaced Rumsfeld with Gates and had Gen. Petraeus totally reorient our strategy in Iraq to be (more effectively) population/civilian-centric—but no mainstream Democrat suggested Bush wasn't actually trying to win the war, that he was the main reason for the rise of al-Qaeda, or, even worse, that he sympathized with al-Qaeda and Muslim terrorists.
Now?
Even Trump, the Republican nominee for the presidency, has implied or said such things about Obama and terrorists and ISIS, has even clearly said he believes Obama “founded” ISIS even when given chances to clarify, and he is hardly alone in making such statements or holding such beliefs, which have existed since even before Obama took office as president (a Quinnipiac poll from this summer found that over half of Republicans—and nearly one-third of all Americans—agreed with Trump that Obama “may sympathize” with terrorists!). And most Republicans think that it's mainly Obama's fault that ISIS has risen as far as it has, which flies in the face of logic and history.
Compared to the W. Bush years, there is even more about basic reality on which the two parties cannot agree, and, as usual, it's the Republicans who have fantastically constructed an alternative false reality.
Republicans today doubt the seriousness of climate change or even its existence and also doubt the validity of evolutionary science and other scientific consensuses, as they did back then; many still believe in the demonstrably false claims of trickle-down Reaganomics; today it is clear that Republicans also and/or increasingly believe in a fantasy of the state of and effects of illegal immigration, that there is not a racial disparity in law enforcement and the criminal justice system when there clearly is, that Obamacare is a total disaster even though it is not (even with its poorly understood problems it has made tremendous improvements), that Syrian refugees as being admitted currently to the U.S. pose a grave national security threat when they do not, that having a minimum wage or raising one is bad even though there is no evidence for the former and little that evidence the latter is true (as long as the raise is not stupidly high), that racism is an equal or larger problem for white people compared to African-Americans when this is flat-out absurd, that there is no discrimination against Muslims in America when there clearly is, that America is not on a steady if slow but also historic economic recovery when it clearly is, that the South was not exactly wrong during the Civil War and that America was founded as an explicitly Christian nation (wrong and wrong), that voter fraud is a pressing issue of major concern when it is virtually non-existent, and, on top of all of this, Republicans trash the quality of the U.S. military when it is still by far the most powerful military in the world and is still being upgraded robustly.
Many of these gaps in reality were on full display in the debate between Pence and Kaine. In fact, throughout the campaigns, including the VP debate, the candidates on opposing sides have sounded like they are talking about two completely different countries when they describe America. On top of all that, Pence was in full-denial-mode when it came to Trump's many verifiable insanities; either that, or Pence didn't even attempt to actually defend or address some of Trump's atrocious behavior.
VP Debates an Awful Look Into Our Political System's Pre-Trump Deficiencies
So, in what would supposedly be something of a “dream” scenario for Republican elites (the same Republican elites that had unwittingly laid the groundwork for Trump's hostile takeover), a debate where Pence, not Trump, would be the presidential nominee for their party—a nominee who would still be in denial of basic reality on things like climate change and racial discrimination and immigration and the state of the economy and would also deny the basic reality of much of the ugliness underpinning the Republican party—would be considered ideal.
So even taking Trump out of the equation, we find that we are lacking in key components necessary for a serious, substantive debate about our future and that one of our two parties is willing to perpetually deny reality and its own strong ties to dark forces like racism and anti-intellectualism and militarism and plutocracy.
Without Trump, it is still impossible to have a fact-based, reality-situated discussion about our country's policies and its future. Without Trump, we are still in trouble, and in very deep trouble. Without Trump, it is quite possible that Ted Cruz would be the nominee as he by far had the most delegates compared with any other Republican candidate (well over three times as many) besides Trump.
Yes, defeating Trump's historically awful candidacy is a necessary step, but if victory in that cause is achieved, the real work is only beginning and it will be oh-so-very-hard; the American political system was in dire straits even before he announced his candidacy, and nobody should forget that. Anyone who does, just watch the VP debate and that is all the reminder of this sad truth that anyone should need.
And I would hope that without Trump lowering the bar to unprecedented depths that this problem would be something we would be discussing intensely; under Trump's looming, groping shadow, I fear that discussion has been lost, failing to materialize as we try to put out an orange Trump fire all while missing the erosion threatening to send our house divided tumbling down a cliff over a longer period of time in a sinking collapse that would not be as sudden but would be as real a threat as Trump's more dramatic and more immediate inferno of inanity.
What would you do to save a loved one, asks the short film "Everything."
Produced by the Institute for Justice, "Everything" dramatizes the difficulty of a family struggling to find a bone-marrow donor for a child. The movie makes a powerful case for an obvious solution that we at Reason have advanced for decades: Compensate donors who provide organs, body tissue, and other substances. Waiting lists and deaths attributable to chronic shortages would shrink overnight.
But such an obvious, common-sense solution is blocked at every turn by defenders of a status quo that serves everyone's interest but the patient's. While donors can be compensated for certain substances (blood plasma, sperm), federal law prohibits the sale of organs, body tissue, and a variety of other substances. Sometimes the argument against compensation is rooted in religious objections and sometimes it's masked in the language of "medical ethics." What never gets addressed is a death toll that will continue to climb as more and more people need transplants and are denied by a supply chain that doesn't come close to meeting demand.
Here's the original writeup about "Everything." Go here for more information about the movie and larger cause.
Here's how Spring Drive works. The mainspring of a Spring Drive watch drives a standard gear train. At the end of the gear train, there is a small disk – the Spring Drive glide wheel. At the center of the glide wheel is a small permanent magnet, which turns in between two tiny electromagnets connected to wire-wrapped coils; the glide wheel acts as the rotor of an electrical generator. A quartz timing package connected to the coil system monitors the speed of rotation of the glide wheel, and feeds electricity back to the electromagnets, which exert a braking force on the glide wheel – just enough to keep the glide wheel rotating exactly eight revolutions per second. Since the glide wheel turns smoothly, the entire gear train advances with a smooth, continuous motion – visible in the gliding movement of the seconds hand, which is the signature of Spring Drive.
Kücknitz
Auf eine im Bau befindliche Asylbewerberunterkunft im Lübecker Stadtteil Kücknitz ist am Montag ein Brandanschlag verübt worden. Die Polizei geht von einem fremdenfeindlichen Hintergrund aus, zumal entsprechende Schmierereien in der Nähe gefunden wurden.
Zur Galerie In der Nacht zu Montag hat es in der Solmitzstraße ein Feuer gegeben.
Sie sei entsetzt, sagte die Pröpstin des evangelisch-lutherischen Kirchenkreises Lübeck, Petra Kallies. „Die Lübecker Bevölkerung sollte sich klar und deutlich hörbar dazu bekennen, dass Flüchtlinge in unserer Stadt willkommen sind und wir ihnen Schutz gewähren“, forderte sie.
Eine Anwohnerin hatte am frühen Morgen Feuerschein in dem Rohbau bemerkt und die Feuerwehr alarmiert. Es sei niemand verletzt worden, auch der entstandene Sachschaden sei gering, teilte die Polizei mit. Das Staatsschutzkommissariat der Bezirkskriminalinspektion Lübeck die Ermittlungen übernommen. Es gebe noch keine Spur zu möglichen Tätern, sagte der für Staatsschutzdelikte zuständige Sprecher der Lübecker Staatsanwaltschaft, Ralf-Peter Anders.
Auch Lübecks Bürgermeister Bernd Saxe ( SPD) verurteilte die Tat. Er hoffe auf eine gleichbleibende große Zustimmung und Solidarität mit der beabsichtigten Gemeinschaftsunterkunft im Stadtteil, sagte Saxe. Einen Zusammenhang mit der Entscheidung der Bürgerschaft gegen eine Erstaufnahmeeinrichtung im Bornkamp schloss er aus.
In der Solmitzstraße im Stadtteil Kücknitz baut eine städtische Wohnungsgesellschaft derzeit eine aus acht Doppelhäusern bestehende Unterkunft für rund 120 Flüchtlinge. Hier sollen Menschen einziehen, die bereits einen Asylantrag gestellt haben und der Kommune vom Land zugewiesen werden. Die Stadt rechnet damit, dass sie in diesem Jahr bis zu 2000 Flüchtlinge aufnehmen muss.
Der Sprecher der Landtagsfraktion Bündnis 90/Die Grünen, Burkhard Peters, forderte eine rasche und konsequente Aufklärung der Tat. „Die Hinweise auf einen rechtsextremen Hintergrund müssen ernst genommen werden. Zumal sich die Anzeichen für rechtsextreme Aktivitäten in der Region und eine Vernetzung über die Landesgrenzen hinweg jüngst verdichteten“, sagte er.
Club
TÚ NOS ENSEÑASTE A RUGIR, #GRACIASLEÓN
El Sevilla FC proyectó un emocionante vídeo en los videomarcadores del Sánchez-Pizjuán para despedir a su inolvidable director deportivo
Monchi se despidió a lo grande de una afición entregada que además pudo disfrutar de la emisión de un vídeo de reconocimiento con el que el Sevilla FC quiso repasar en poco menos de cuatro minutos la trayectoria de 29 años del de San Fernando en el Sánchez-Pizjuán. Imágenes de Monchi como jugador, sus principales fichajes, sus presidentes y entrenadores, sus títulos, sus momentos más emocionantes... Grandeza condensada en imágenes para el recuerdo que por momentos pusieron la piel de gallina al respetable bajo un mensaje que en suma sintetiza la importancia de la figura de Monchi en el Sevilla FC: "Tú nos enseñaste a rugir, #GraciasLeón".
CSGO Legends Series #3 set to feature Fnatic and ESC
This weeks edition of the CS:GO Legends Series will feature the reigning champions, fnatic and their challenger ESC.
The CS:GO Legends Series matches are played out in a Bo5 format opposed to the normal Bo3,which provides for more maps being played. In the weekly tournament the winner of the previous event is invited again for another chance at victory.
The Swedish team, Fnatic has seemed impeccable online recently and don't seem like they are going to stop anytime soon. Fnatic won the last edition of the tournament over Virtus.Pro in a quick 3-0 fashion. ESC on the other hand have been performing underwhelmingly as they have recently been relegated down from StarLadder's StarSeries to their ProSeries, but seem to be on a rebound after taking a Bo3 showmatch over dAT team. It will be interesting to see if ESC can prove they are a tier 1 team that can run with the big dogs.
Fnatic vs ESC October 13th, 18.00 CEST - Best-of-five match
How can David De Gea be reintegrated in the Manchester United team?
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has not changed since his time in charge at Bayern Munich, according to Bastian Schweinsteiger.
Schweinsteiger played under Van Gaal at Bayern between 2009 and 2011, winning one Bundesliga title and one DFB Pokal during the Dutchman's reign as well as reaching the 2010 Champions League final.
This summer, the 31-year-old midfielder joined Van Gaal at United, and he said his old coach is "still the same."
"He's very ambitious," the Germany captain told reporters at press conference in Frankfurt. "He wants to win every match. He has his heart in the right place, and knows how to handle the dressing room.
"It's a whole lot of fun, and it's fun with the team too. It's a very good group."
Bastian Schweinsteiger said he is enjoying the challenge of playing in the Premier League.
However, United have struggled to produce their best form under Van Gaal, despite heavy investment in the team.
United claimed 1-0 wins over Tottenham and Aston Villa to start the new Premier League campaign but have since been held to a 0-0 draw by Newcastle and lost 2-1 to Swansea.
"That defeat should have never happened," Schweinsteiger said. "We controlled the match, and were the better side versus Newcastle too, but failed to score. We have lost five points, but we are going in the right direction."
Schweinsteiger has been building up his match fitness since making the move to England, and started against both Newcastle and Swansea.
He had spent the entirety of his career at Bayern before joining United and, asked about his early impressions of life at his new club, he said: "The atmosphere at Old Trafford impressed me in particular. That was something new."
Schweinsteiger is one of a number of players to make the move from Germany to England, with Premier League clubs spending €200 million on Bundesliga talent this summer, and he said that makes for a highly competitive league.
"The teams are physically strong and have individual class. Anyone can beat anyone," Schweinsteiger, who won 15 domestic trophies with Bayern, said.
"That's a difference with the Bundesliga. Every club can afford good players, even the bottom team. Every match day is a new challenge. This improves me, and I wanted exactly that."
He is currently with the German national team as they prepare for their upcoming 2016 European Championship qualifiers against Poland and Scotland.
Germany are currently second, behind Poland, in qualification group D and, while the world champions remain highly likely to qualify, they still have work to do in their four remaining games.
"We want to use our virtues to win those matches," he said. "It will be difficult, and both games are a challenge for us."
Poland beat Germany 2-0 at home in October, and Schweinsteiger said: "We want to take revenge for the defeat in Poland."
A mushroom towers above you, reaching for the sky. The place feels familiar, but the light has changed. Plants have taken root in previously barren land, new rocks jut from the earth like gnarled fingers. It's the same, but different—a place inspired by what came before. “A complete remake and re-imagining of Morrowind,” in the words of Brandon Giles, one of the lead developers of the ambitious community project Skywind. The mod aims to draw players fresh and old to the world of Bethesda's 14-year-old RPG.
Skywind had its inception in 2012. The seeds can be found in Morroblivion, which ported Morrowind's content into Oblivion's engine. Once the project came to an end, some leftover team members decided to attempt a similar feat—this time using Skyrim as their base.
“It wasn't until late into the following year that the project evolved into what it is now,” Giles says of the Elder Scrolls Renewal Project, of which Skywind is a part. “[We] aspired to do something greater than a mere port of Morrowind. No one really knows the exact point that this switch happened, but I think as we got more and more talented individuals on board, we really broadened our horizons and looked to make something much more special. Since then the vision has only grown.”
Skywind's global team was brought together by a love of the Elder Scrolls series. They're all volunteers, and their ultimate reward for the thousands of hours invested will be the finished project itself. The challenge they have set is to take a classic and renovate it, improving it graphically and bringing the world's density, life and interactions up to the standards set by today's open-world games.
The team, though scattered, has clear lines of management. Tasks are chopped into manageable chunks and assigned by the development leads. Countless spreadsheets are assembled in order to keep track of the various tasks and deadlines. The driving force is a small core team, working with and managing the vast array of people who have volunteered their time.
These team members all share the same broad vision for Skywind. Morrowind is a game that now shows its age. The locales feel barren and sparse compared to modern achievements, the fog-cloaked horizon is a stark contrast to the immense draw distances we're now accustomed to. The team have to address this disparity, filling in areas of the world with new content. This act of creation in a game so revered comes with its own difficulties—the additions must merge seamlessly with the established world. Skywind will include the story and quests familiar to Morrowind players, but some carefully constructed new missions have been added. The ultimate aim is that new content should be indistinguishable from the old.
Modifying a classic is no easy task, and the team must tread carefully when deciding on additions. Every idea goes through a vetting process. “When someone has a new suggestion, and they're serious enough about it, they write up a detailed plan and share it with the rest of the team,” Giles says. “Everyone leaves comments and suggestions and we work from there, and if it's worth implementing, we'll put in the effort to make it a reality.”
Additions are rigorously scrutinised to ensure that they meet the same high standards across the board. The gatekeepers of quality are several industry professionals, who are lending their expertise partly because of a deep love for the Elder Scrolls series, and partly to work on a project that's free from corporate oversight.
‘Lore masters' also pick over any suggestions with a fine-tooth comb—guaranteeing that everything fits within the universe set out by the Elder Scrolls games. These team members have been followers of the series since the start, and are able to draw from their own deep knowledge of the world, as well as consult the extensive wikis and other reference sources. They are essentially historians—historians with the advantage of being in direct communication with the creative mind behind a large part of the world and lore of Morrowind, former Bethesda designer Michael Kirkbride.
Enthusiasm can only take you so far, however, and the attrition rate among Skywind's voluntary team is high. “The success of the project has been that, out of a number of people who have offered to help, you get one that really sticks with the project,” Darren Habib, one of the team's veterans, says. “I'll put a rough figure to it: out of every 100 people that join up to do some tasks, only one person will actually carry on to progress the project.”
‘Lore masters' also pick over any suggestions with a fine-tooth comb—guaranteeing that everything fits within the universe set out by the Elder Scrolls games.
The bulk of development is therefore handled by the core team, but they still want the project to remain as open as possible. They leave the door open in order to attract unique individuals able to contribute. Burnout is high—true of any voluntary project—but the team understand this, allowing people to take breaks when they need them. They have managed to keep morale high with their continuous communication and recruitment. Everyone is kept in the loop and made to feel a part of the community.
The legacy of the original game released back in 2002—the third in the Elder Scrolls series—still casts a long shadow. Its weird world is filled with wonders, from magically crafted mushroom architecture to the sprawling waterway-filled city of Vivec. Morrowind captured—and continues to capture—the hearts of its players.
The action mostly takes place on the island of Vvardenfell, which today stands out as delightfully alien compared to other locations in the Elder Scrolls series. All of Bethesda's worlds have had their quirks, but none have had nearly as diverse a landscape as that found in Morrowind. Each region feels fresh and different, its architecture and landscapes drawn from different inspirations.
The first Elder Scrolls games, Arena and Daggerfall, presented players with huge worlds, using random generation to map out and stock their myriad dungeons. Morrowind broke with tradition; Bethesda opted to create a smaller, more detailed, world than its predecessors. Throwing out the random generation, the game's designers hand-crafted every section of the world. This painstaking approach proved a massive undertaking, but the payoff was worth it. The developers' love and attention shines through in the design of every location. From the caves of skooma-smuggling bandits, to the tombs cobwebbed with history linked to actual families in-game.
Post-Morrowind, there have been two new main Elder Scrolls releases: Oblivion and Skyrim. These build upon the foundations laid down by Morrowind, inevitably changing aspects of it as well. “The strength of Elder Scrolls games—especially Morrowind—has always been believable world building and focus on exploration,” says Max Fellinger, Skywind's game mechanics lead. “Skyrim shifted away from this to present a more streamlined reward-curve, based mostly on dungeon-crawls.”
The team faces the challenge of deciding which new features from Skyrim should carry over to Skywind and which should be consigned to history. They have to determine how best to retain the feel of Morrowind while keeping any improvements made by the new game. Abilities such as shouts, tied specifically to the Dragonborn protagonist, have been removed completely. In general, Skyrim felt more focused on player skill, like modern action games, while Morrowind focused on character skill, like a classical RPG.
For instance, contrary to the implications of its first-person action combat, Morrowind used the classic RPG dice roll to decide what happened in a fight. Your sword might hit an enemy's flesh, but it was a behind-the-scenes number that decided whether or not you did serious damage. It's a system that lacks responsiveness. Skyrim has far better feedback, because it's driven more by the player's actions than their character's stats.
However, as a result, Skyrim is more uniform when it comes to the character builds of its players. There are certain core abilities and skills that almost everyone upgrades, while others are largely ignored. Morrowind encouraged players to have more freedom in their choices. There's no single correct build. Some balancing issues remain, but in general players have a wider range to choose from.
Skywind again aims high. Its ultimate goal is to have all lines of dialogue fully voiced.
The challenge, then: how best to fix Skyrim's problems without recreating Morrowind's unresponsiveness? The developers have a balancing act on their hands, merging two disparate systems into a cohesive whole. Their approach has been to strip down the Elder Scrolls and other RPGs to their core, and find out what makes them tick—how the gears of their various systems mesh together. Ultimately, the team want to craft an experience that brings back some of the systems of classic RPGs, giving players the freedom to build a character in whatever way they want.
In Morrowind's original release, dialogue was largely confined to text boxes, with only a small percentage of it voice acted. Skywind again aims high. Its ultimate goal is to have all lines of dialogue fully voiced. “Our biggest challenge is the sheer number of voice actors we're going for,” voice acting lead Ben Iredale told me. “Unlike Bethesda's situation, where they focus on a smaller cast of actors covering the majority of lines, we're looking to have a pretty massive amount of unique voices to cover the roughly 40,000 lines of dialogue that are in Skywind. We think it is worth the extra effort especially since it is one of the benefits we have as a community project—there are so many dedicated fans ready to lend their voices.”
Skyrim's world often comes close to a place that feels like home. At least until a guard tells you, yet again, about how their previous career as an adventurer was brought to a close by an arrow to the knee. Idle banter can make or break immersion in virtual worlds, especially those that support hundreds of hours of exploration.
For Skywind, Iredale says that a team of writers has crafted 9,000 in-game conversation lines between NPCs, giving each character their own essence of personality. The final release will include priests discussing the 36 lessons of Vivec, and merchants arguing overprices—little touches that breathe life into the world.
On release Morrowind was praised for its vision and fully 3D world. Time has not been so kind. Its once vaunted graphics are now showing their age. Giving Morrowind back its beauty is a major objective for the Skywind team—they want to recreate the world with all the bells and whistles we've become accustomed to in modern games. This is no walk in the park: the team have to rebuild the world from the ground up.
Interpreting the low poly models and textures is one challenge, according to Aeryn James Davies, Skywind's lead artist. “[It's] practically impossible without going back to the drawing board and looking at pre-3D concepting by the original team. We went back to the original concepts of Kirkbride and others and reworked it from the earlier stages. The 3D representation of 2D concepts are always limited by the technology of the time. Fourteen years is a big difference in processing power.”
The evolution of videogame graphics in the intervening time has given the team the chance to make something really special, building on the ambitions of what came before. The redesign ranges from equipment to landscapes, with a particular focus on ensuring each area of the island has its own distinctive feel.
“We felt that each region of the game deserved its own unique set of assets and textures to expand on the exotic nature of the original,” says lead landscape designer Giles. “As a result, each area looks and feels much different than from before. Any Morrowind purist might be upset by the new changes, but we really wanted to do something different instead of just adding shinier texture work and remodelled objects. There have been countless fans who have commented on videos or screenshots of the game saying ‘it looks and feels exactly as I remember!' so I think even with these major changes, the charm and spirit of Morrowind has definitely carried over to this new design.”
Azura's coast is just one of the regions undergoing a dramatic change. It was originally sprinkled with menhirs, but the Skywind team have transformed it into a landscape filled with striking basalt formations, quietly betraying Vvardenfell's volcanic roots. An overhaul of this scale could have been a disaster, but it's handled with care by the team—changing the visual identity of the region while staying true to the heart and soul of Morrowind.
The team's ambitions aren't restricted to improving the variety of the landscape, either. They're aiming to make Skywind's graphical quality in its entirety exceed that of Skyrim—itself now almost five years old. The team feels able to do this because their focus is solely on the PC. Where Bethesda had to take ageing console tech into account, Skywind's developers are free to concentrate on a single, more powerful platform.
The mod itself remains without a release date—the general feeling being that it'll be done when it's done. Still, there's confidence that it will, eventually, be done. In the years since the mod's initial reveal there has been the constant worry that it might end up as vapourware—all stylish screenshots and video, but never making it to a final release. It's a consequence of the team's open development. Professional studios only reveal projects after years of work. Skywind has been in the wild since day one. Viewed this way, their progress in the last four years has been remarkable from a group of volunteers.
The project inches ever onwards, getting closer to its release, but there is still plenty of work to be done and new volunteers are always welcome. The team have a lot riding on this—a lot of people to please—but each and every one is convinced they will deliver what they have promised. They probably won't have to resort to using magic to get there.
By Edward Bals.
Each week of the season, I will be a one-man College Football Playoff selection committee, picking the four teams that should be in the bracket if Selection Sunday were today. Call it Forde's Fab Four, and call it an invitation to debate and discuss.
The key thing to know this week: If a team has not yet played an opponent that is at least theoretically in its same weight class, it's not in the Fab Four. For instance, Michigan and Ohio State have two dominant victories apiece, but who have they played? The Wolverines beat Hawaii and Central Florida, both outside the Power 5 conferences and with a combined record of 3-22 last year. The Buckeyes beat Bowling Green and Tulsa, also non-Power 5 programs.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
PEACH BOWL: No. 1 seed Alabama vs. No. 4 Texas
There isn't much question which team looks best so far – the same team that won it all last year. The Crimson Tide was utterly dominant in the opener against USC, making the Trojans look like a mid-major program in the trenches. When USC bounced back to pummel Utah State, that only made Alabama look better. In Week 2 the Tide made plenty of mistakes – 12 penalties, a fumble, and Nick Saban had to administer an “ass-chewing” to offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin – but still beat a solid Western Kentucky team by four touchdowns. Next: at Mississippi, a team that has upset Alabama the past two years.
Story continues
Texas is the fastest riser, shooting into the bracket by virtue of a thrilling victory over Notre Dame in Week 1 and a thorough beating of UTEP in Week 2. That triumph in the opener was solidified when the Fighting Irish dominated Nevada Saturday. Energized by improved tempo and quarterback play, the Longhorns are averaging 467 yards of offense (highest since 2008) and 45.5 points per game (highest since 2005). If it continues, Texas might do a lot more than merely save Charlie Strong's job. Next: at California Saturday, the rematch of a game Texas lost last year by missing an extra point.
The Cougars have looked like national title contenders in their first two games. (Getty)
FIESTA BOWL: No. 2 seed Houston vs. No. 3 Florida State
Houston will face strength-of-schedule critics in the weeks to come if it keeps winning, but for now that season-opening triumph over Oklahoma carries a lot of weight. (It will carry even more if the Sooners can beat Ohio State Saturday.) The Cougars beat FCS Lamar Saturday, which is an empty-calorie victory, but they did it with their backup quarterback, Kyle Postma. Starter Greg Ward Jr. missed the game with a shoulder injury suffered against the Sooners – and if there were any game to miss, Lamar was it. Houston's defense has surrendered just six points in the last six quarters. Next: at Cincinnati (2-0) Thursday in a very interesting game. Houston likely will need Ward to win it.
Florida State had a workmanlike 52-8 victory Saturday over the remains of Charleston Southern, an FCS team that had a ton of players sitting out for a violation of NCAA rules. The Seminoles' résumé-builder came on Labor Day, when they scored 33 straight points to rally from a 22-point deficit and beat Mississippi. The good news for Florida State is that its offense has been productive even without Dalvin Cook putting up huge rushing statistics (174 yards in two games). The bad news is that the Seminoles lost star safety Derwin James to a knee injury late against Charleston Southern (why was he still playing?) and his status going forward is unclear. Next: at Louisville (2-0) Saturday, in what suddenly has become a huge game that has attracted ESPN's “College GameDay.”
Also considered: Stanford, Wisconsin, Clemson, Louisville, Washington, Texas A&M.
More college football coverage:
NORTH CATASAUQUA — After Tom Newhart's orange tabby, Sugar, slipped out of the house last month, he frantically searched for her — unsuccessfully — and then called police.
That's when he learned a borough officer had shot and killed Sugar, dumping her body in a trash container, Newhart said.
In the weeks following the cat's killing, Newhart hired a lawyer to get answers from the borough about the shooting and an overflow crowd packed a Borough Council meeting to discuss their concerns about Sugar's shooting. An online petition posted by Newhart's attorney that demands the officer's firing has gotten more than 2,000 signatures.
The Northampton County district attorney has now assigned a detective to the case to see if the shooting merits animal cruelty charges against Officer Leighton Pursell.
"This is a place I've lived all my life and it's a tight-knit community," Newhart said. "I find myself now being embarrassed to say I live in North Catasauqua. I can't believe it's come to this."
PHOTO GALLERY: A North Catasauqua police officer has been found not guilty in the December 2015 shooting and killing of Sugar the cat. (APRIL BARTHOLOMEW / THE MORNING CALL ) (APRIL BARTHOLOMEW / THE MORNING CALL )
District Attorney John Morganelli said his office is investigating Newhart's claim that Pursell shot and killed the cat Dec. 6 after she had escaped Newhart's home.
Repeated calls to the borough's police department have not been returned and the borough office referred all calls to solicitor Steven Goudsouzian. He has not returned calls.
Bethlehem attorney Jenna Fliszar, who represents Newhart, said she's pleased that the district attorney's office is looking into the matter. She said an online petition asking that Pursell face criminal charges is gaining supporters each day.
PHOTO COURTESY OF TOM NEWHART / THE MORNING CALL Tom Newhart says his cat, a 6-year-old tabby named Sugar, was needlessly shot by a North Catasauqua police officer. Tom Newhart says his cat, a 6-year-old tabby named Sugar, was needlessly shot by a North Catasauqua police officer. (PHOTO COURTESY OF TOM NEWHART / THE MORNING CALL)
At the borough's Jan. 4 borough council meeting, Fliszar said so many people attended that the meeting room doors were locked and others were turned away. Fliszar said she and Newhart made comments to the council and members said they would "cooperate with the district attorney's investigation," she said.
"This is a small community where everyone knows each other and for the police department to do absolutely nothing is a disgrace," Fliszar said. "At a minimum, Officer Pursell should be on desk duty while there's an ongoing investigation."
Fliszar sent a letter to the council, police Chief Kim Moyer and Morganelli's office about the cat's killing.
According to her letter:
After Sugar slipped out of Newhart's house, the cat wandered several houses away to the home of Mike Lienert, Newhart's neighbor. Lienert tried to capture the cat, but was unsuccessful and called police for help.
Pursell was the responding officer and told Lienert, "It may not be politically correct, if it's wounded, I'm going to have to put it down."
Pursell made no attempt to capture the cat or call for an animal control officer and shot the cat, according to Fliszar's letter. Lienert said Sugar didn't appear to be injured and had not been acting aggressively, but the cat hissed at Pursell when he tried to poke at Sugar to get her out of a hiding spot beneath a grill.
After the shooting, Pursell made no attempt to find the cat's owner and tossed the dead cat in a garbage container.
In the meantime, Newhart was frantically searching for Sugar. When he called the police department's non-emergency number, he was told that Pursell had shot and killed the animal.
Newhart said he spoke with Moyer, who said Pursell had "made a judgment call" to put down the animal because it was injured.
But, Newhart said, Sugar was examined by a veterinary clinic for cremation and the staff said they found no injuries on the animal other than the gunshot wound.
"[Sugar] was not a danger to Officer Pursell or the public at large," the letter states. "There is absolutely no justification for this shooting."
Fliszar said she also questions Pursell's choice to fire a weapon in a residential neighborhood where homes are close together. She said the shot could have injured a resident or children outside playing and noted several people came out of their homes after hearing the gunshot.
"Failure to act in this case sends a signal to the community that they are not safe and that they cannot trust the police department to protect them," Fliszar's letter states. "It would tell the public that police are above the law."
pamela.lehman@mcall.com
Twitter @pamelalehman
610-820-6790
Here are a few of the ideas which I think would be most interesting to see in an altcoin. A few of these things may be possible as hardforking changes in Bitcoin too but some represent different security and economic tradeoffs and I don't think those could be ethically imposed on Bitcoin even if a simple majority of users wanted them (as they'd be forced onto the people who don't want them).
(Some of these ideas are mine, some are from other people, some are old and obvious)
Replace transaction merkle tree with a Merkle-sum-tree e.g. If a regular merkle tree uses merge(X,Y) = H(X||Y) a MST would use merge(X,Y) = sum(X[0],Y[0]),H(sum(X[0],Y[0])||X[1]||Y[1]) with fees,hash taking the place of txids in the tree. This allows SPV nodes to stochastically validate the subsidy in blocks by fetching a random leaf and then fetching its txins. see also: [1]
Rule violation announcements. When any rule violation is found, a proof or pointer to it gets flooded. (though no more than one violation per block or its parents) See also: [2]
Transaction block commitments. Each transaction (or signature?) should contain a block index and 32 (?) the least significant bits of the block hash. The transaction's fees are only valid (or only their full value?) if they are mined in a chain they agree with. This would let people making bitcoin transactions 'vote with their wallets' on the identity of the chain they consider important. This isn't a viable POW replacement, but would greatly reduce the economic benefit of mining moderate depth forks, esp as fees begin to dominate the block reward. "You don't get (all) of my fee payment if you are mining a chain I don't like!" Nodes would typical checkpoint a few blocks in the past from their current height to avoid overstating their opinion unnecessarily. Deep checkpoints could be automatically triggered by observing a critical mass of coins-day-destroyed confirming them— creating a PoS-ish system, though this is subject to the 'nothing at stake' problem of PoS, and is probably very dangerous. (e.g. isolation risk for newly bootsrapping nodes)
POW which involves queries against the UTXO set (set of spendable coins) Basically a special kind of memory hard POW that proves that the miner has a complete copy of the UTXO set and that the miner is good at querying it Can still be combined with merged mining. (This is entirely Amiller's idea, but I like it a fair bit) One exciting enhancement to this idea I have is making the power H(header||nonce||H(utxo_lookup(H(header||nonce))). This way if you have a stream of utxo queries coming in, you can make the work of them mine for you. Validation then, is mining. If you don't have enough queries coming in you just make some up at random.
POW which turns the distributed computation into ticking for timelock encryption An infinite sequence of nothing-up-my-sleeve numbers are taken as an infinte sequence of ECC public keys. Searching the pow involves finding distinguished points along a Pollard's rho DLP solution trying to crack the key. When the key is cracked the problem is advanced to the next key. People can then encrypt messages with all of the keys between now and sometime in the future and network will crack them, achieving a timelock. Probably incompatible with merged mining and other POW schemes. Making the difficulty adaptive either makes far in the future messages impossible (because the problem size wouldn't be known long in advance), or requires increasingly big headers as the difficulty would require working on multiple problems concurrently. The obvious constructions using ECDLP as the asymmetric problem are not progress free.
UTXO aging Abandoned UTXO should be forgotten and become unspendable. Demurrage is one possible construction for this, but its economically and educationally complicated. Simpler would just be having a long but finite maximum. Unspendable coins could vanish forever, or be returned to mining— but returning the coins to mining is economically distorting and risks creating weird incentives ("I won't mine your txn because I want to collect its inputs as fees once you've been successfully denied") ATTENTION MORONS: THIS CANNOT BE DONE WITH BITCOIN. SEE THE LARGE BOLD TEXT AT THE TOP.
Make all transactions P2SH Simplicity and some space savings
Ultimate P2SH: Represent the script as a merklized abstract syntax tree. The P2SH address is the root. When spending the spender only may provide only the branch they are executing, and hashes for the unexecuted branches. This increases privacy and can compress long scripts on spend.
Transaction cost prepayment: One problem is that it's possible to create UTXO that are unprofitable to redeem. Instead make every output specify a max_size, which is the maximum marginal increase in size from redeeming this txout in a new transaction. (would need to be coded into addresses) max_size would be serialized as an unsigned variable length int minus whatever the smallest credible max_size is, (e.g. something like 40 for bitcoin) This makes sure people aren't incentivized to write unspendable txn, perhaps a larger minimum max_size should be used, e.g. the size of the smallest secure TX_IN. Then for the 'effective_size' of a transaction is effective_size = MAX(real_size-sum_inputs(max_size),minimum_viable_txn_size) + sum_outputs(max_size) In order to economical align cost the blocksize limit should be based on the effective_size rather than real_size. Unused effective_size is paid to the miner (E.g. in the coinbase txn), otherwise they have an incentive to create extra stupid outputs just to gather up this resource.
Pruned history Structure transactions so that the parts needed for validation (txins, scriptsigs) are separate from the output data (scriptpubkey, output and fee values) and put them in separate hash trees. All nodes fully prune all data more than a few thousand blocks back. Massive space savings and improvements in syncup speed. Massive security loss— an attacker that can construct a large reorg can steal all the transacted coin beyond a certain depth.
Normative and committed merklized UTXO data structure allows full validation of current blocks by storageless nodes with SPV security Can be complimented by proof-of-misbehavior messages that show a block is invalid by packing up the tree fragments that provide the data needed to see its invalidity
ZKP Validated checkpoints— Is it possible to use computational integrity to create compact (constant size) checkpoint proofs that show that a checkpoint was the result of a faithful validation of the blockchain? This could be used to give pruned history the same security as full Bitcoin up to the limitations of the integrity proofs. This requires a CI system with proofs size/complexity that doesn't depend on the 'secret' input to the code being run.
Trusted computing reorg-doomsday preventers. Allow people running trusted computing with remote attestation to sign burred blocks with a program that will never sign a conflicting fork the branches off more than N (e.g. 1000) blocks back from a valid chain they've observed. Further ensure their faithful operation with fidelity bonds on another cryptocurrency.
Chain folding If nodes don't actually need to validate old chain data (because of committed UTXO and pruned history), it would be possible to 'fold up' the historic chain: whenever— by chance— a header is found with an apparent difficulty greater than a summary target (some large multiple of the current difficulty) then the next block can have a summary header which has a PREV back to the prior summary as well as the prior blocks. Nodes which are validating just to gauge difficulty can skip the intermediate blocks. This can be applied recursively. If the backpointers are randomized and every block is a candidate summary you end making the chain a merklized skiplist.
Petertodd's MMR TXO: Alternatively, do not store a UTXO set. Instead encode the transactions outputs in the blockchain in a merkle mountain range (an insertion ordered fully populated binary tree, setup to make appends cheap) over the whole chain. Transactions are required to provide the update proofs that show their inputs in the tree (and thus also allow you to null them out). This means that fully validating nodes and miners can be basically storageless, but wallets must take on the cost of remembering their own coins.
Adaptive block speed If nodes can merge in orphans for the prior (few?) blocks then they can show evidence of the amount of forking which is happening. This could be used to achieve closed loop control of the block target speed. Thought would need to be given on what the right incentives would be to make sure that all the merging is done (the obvious thing to do would be to add the difficulty in for the best chain preference). Merges are motivated by being counted in the sum-difficulty— your chain is longer if you merge. Merges wouldn't merge transactions, just difficulty. Merges would bloat blocks, and very fast blocks would result in a lot of header data but these are less significant with folding (esp if summary blocks never included merges). If blocks are fast that might incentivize not mining transactions. Aligning POW with the work of validation may help. (I think the merging for difficulty stuff is more or less one of Amiller's ideas)
Support for ed25519 signatures and lamport signatures Both are significantly faster than Bitcoin's ECDSA, lamport is QC hard but would result in enormous scriptsigs (less of an issue with pruned history). With libsecp256k1 ed25519 is only 2x not faster. Also it has a non-prime order— cofactor of 8. yuck.
Direct support for validating unblinded chaum tokens of some kind Makes off-chain chaum banks easier to integrate (e.g. directly redeeming your offchain tokens onto the chain) E.g. you do a blinded chaum-chaum exchange but the new token is instead a blockchain redemption certificate. Because its blinded the bank can't tell they're signing a redemption cert and so can't prevent you from redeeming your coins against the chain without denying all service.
or integrate the 'zerocoin' anonymous accumulator[3].
Switch to a value encoding which is arbitrary precision Removes divisibility concerns forever Perhaps allow coinbase votes to increase the permitted precision. (May also allow more compact transactions for typical transactions with a finite number of significant digits)
adam3us proposes preventing mining policy blockading by blinding inputs. A transaction is mined but it isn't clear which inputs its spending. Fees are paid by unblinded inputs to prevent DOS attacks. Blinding is done in such a way that double spends are still obvious. [4]
Coin of the moonmen
"Bytecoin" (apologies to the kind fellow on the forum with that name). The idea behind bytecoin is that there is a fixed supply of 21 trillion bytes. Mining bytecoin gives you access to these bytes through a geometrically delaying initial "cosmic inflation" (subsidy :P). Every txout has a size value plus an excess bytecoins value. A txout can not be bigger than its total bytecoin value. A bytecoin confers the right to store one byte in the system's utxo set for some maximum lifetime. The excess value of a bytecoin txout is decreased over time at some multiple of the whole txout size and when it reaches zero the whole txout is pruned (recovered bytecoins are added back to the slow geometric distribution pool). The marginal redemption cost of a bytecoin output is prepaid (see above), but the reclaimable prepayment starts at zero and matures at the same rate as the excess value decay to rate-limit transactions, prematurely reclaiming bytecoin sends the immature prepayment to the geometric distribution. Because the above stuff moves all the storage costs into the utxo set, the system has a fixed maximum storage operating cost, and is free of negative storage externality. It would be not as good as a currency as Bitcoin is because the usefulness of the storage is economically distorting, but it would be much better as a broadcast storage medium.
(A non-inflationary version where the excess value doesn't decrease and miners are paid just on transaction fees and the recovery of forgotten/lost storage is possible too, but there would be little incentive to not maximally use all the storage at all times in that case, and if the system had too many long term users who never lost their keys it might be impossible to pay for adequate security)
(A version where the byte supply isn't constant but is instead based on a miner proof of throughput that increases the available storage based on some function of the miners POW query speed might also be interesting.)
The California gold rush began when San Francisco businessman Samuel Brannan found out about a secret discovery, set up a store selling prospecting supplies, and famously marched through the streets in 1848 shouting, “Gold! Gold! Gold from the American River!”
People from all over the young United States rushed to the west coast. Some traveled over land but many made the trip on clipper ships that sailed around the tip of South America. The long way around, back in the days before either the Suez or Panama canals existed.
Few people today are aware of what those ships did on their way back.
shipowners didn't want their vessels returning with empty holds so they looked for something to transport back east that they could sell. What they found was guano, or the accumulated droppings of nesting seabirds (and sometimes bats) that had built up over thousands of years on islands along the route home.
Nobody ran through the streets yelling “Poop! Poop! Poop from the Pacific Ocean!” It wasn't a glamorous product, but it was free for the taking and had a ready market as fertilizer for America's growing agricultural business.
“It was an unbelievable fertilizer because of all the nitrates in it,” says Paul Johnston, curator of the exhibition, “The Norie Atlas and The Guano Trade,” which recently opened at the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History. “The Chincha islands, birds have been [pooping] on these islands for millennia. It was two hundred feet deep in some places.”
A bona fide guano rush began. But with many of the tiny guano-covered islands located in places where no governments had claimed authority over them, there were concerns about the legal framework for mining the guano.
This prompted the Guano Islands Act of 1856, which allowed United States citizens to claim any unoccupied island or rock that was not under the jurisdiction of any other government. Those islands would then become U.S. territory and American federal laws would apply there.
“We claimed almost a hundred islands or island groups in an effort to extend the richness of the fertilizer,” says Johnston, “and that is basically the start of American imperialism.” Some of those guano islands (long since depleted of their guano) still remain U.S, territories. Midway Atoll, a strategic key to America's defeat of Japan in the Second World War, is among them.
A guano trade existed prior to the California gold rush, but war between Spain and her former colonies followed by political instability had prevented it from flourishing. The gold rush turned a fledgling (pun intended) business into a boom and entwined the trade with the future of the United States.
The historical importance of the guano business, which changed the world economically, environmentally and politically, dawned on Johnston as he supervised the restoration of an old atlas that arrived in his mailbox unexpectedly and without a return address.
“In 2011 I got a call from the library at the Coast Guard Academy in New London,” Johnston recalls, “about an old book of charts that they didn't have any use for any more. I said yeah I'd like to know more about it. And then I forgot about it. About a year later this giant package appeared in my mail with no return address.”
The atlas, entitled The Marine Atlas, or a Seaman's Complete Pilot for all the Principal Places in the Known World, turned out to have been produced by John Norie, an important English mapmaker in the mid-19th century. At the time, the entire world hadn't quite been charted.
New shoals were still being discovered and archipelagos of islands that had been far-flung and economically unimportant weren't mapped. As the economy changed, obscure fly-speck islands covered in poop suddenly became very important to chart. Norie constantly updated his charts to reflect new discoveries and measurements. A captain sailing a clipper ship through a network of coral reefs without the latest charts was risking his ship, his crew and his life. Norie's charts were among the best of his time and his customers included the East India Company and the British Admiralty.
Norie's charts of the coast of South America were important in part because past charts had been deliberately poor. “As long as the information isn't exact, where the latitude and longitude of a particular river or border is, you could fudge things about where the boundaries were and who owned what,” says Gregory Cushman, a history professor at the University of Kansas and the author of the book, Guano and the Opening of the Pacific World.
“Being inexact was to the political advantage of the people fighting over boundaries. There was a lot of pressure to be vague or even to intentionally deceive. Good maps weren't in the best interest of the Spanish, the Portuguese,” says Cushman. “And the British, because they didn't own territory in these places and they were just traders, secrecy got in the way of their interests. So they had an interest in clear mapping because they were late coming to the Pacific.”
The atlas, held by Smithsonian's Dibner Library for the History of Science and Technology, is of the 7th edition and is the only surviving copy known to exist.
Janice Ellis, one of the conservators involved in restoring the atlas, noticed some subtle clues about its age.
“As I recall, the first clue to the binding's date was the watermark on the endleaves,” says Ellis, “which would have been added to the printed pages when they were bound. The watermark reads 'Fellows 1856...' Interestingly enough this is the same oversized Whatman Turkey Hill paper used by other artists and engravers, like JMW Turner and James Audubon.”
As restoration of the book began, volunteers and staff were struck by its beauty. “People started coming up to my office and saying that there's this really beautiful old book and you ought to do something with that,” Johnston says. “At the time, to me it was just a bound volume of old charts, but to other people who are intrigued by the actual beauty of the chart maker's craft, they saw that it was special. Some of them are the most beautiful I've ever seen. That's when I discovered the notations off the coast of Chile where the guano trade was going on.”
An unknown mariner was making his own notes by hand on the pages of the atlas that include important guano producing regions. Johnston began researching what a ship would likely have been doing off the coast of Chile in the 1860's. As he dug deeper, he found that the atlas and the guano trade has a coincidental tie to the early history of the Smithsonian Institution.
The federal government became involved in the guano trade very quickly. One of the provisions of the Guano Islands Act empowered the President to direct the Navy to protect claims to guano islands. Now interested in the stuff, the Navy looked for someone to analyze the guano to see what its qualities really were. The man they found for the job was Joseph Henry; chemist, inventor of the electric relay, and the first Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. Henry analyzed 17 samples of Pacific guano for the Navy and developed a report describing their various qualities as fertilizer.
“The reason it turned into a big industry was science,” says Cushman.“The identification of ammonia and phosphates as something that can be used for fertilizer was an important thing in the 19th century... science allowed people to realize how valuable guano was for agriculture.”
The prospect of massive wealth on an unseen rock in another hemisphere made the guano business ripe for fraud. “There was sort of a shell game going on," says Johnston. “A lot of the islands were jagged, just shooting up in the air. They didn't have natural harbors so they had to anchor offshore.” Physically getting at the guano and loading it on to ships could be expensive, awkward, and in some cases entirely impractical. “Because of the difficulties of extraction and keeping your claim, these companies would come back to the east coast, they'd sell shares and sell the company to some sucker,” he says.
But once it was brought to market and applied to crops, the stuff really worked. “Among cotton planters in the South, guano was a prestige commodity,” says Cushman. “By using guano you were, as a plantation owner, showing your neighbors that you were a modern farmer, a scientific farmer, and had the economic means to pay for this expensive bird crap from the other side of the world.”
Like California's gold nuggets, the guano wasn't going to last forever. Constant digging scared away the seabirds that had been nesting or resting on the rocks. No more guano was being produced. Populations of seabirds crashed. Recovery was hampered by the fact that fishermen had come in along the same routes being used by the guano traders and were netting the sardines that the birds had previously been eating and converting to guano.
By the early 20th century most of the guano islands had been exhausted. Now hooked on fertilizer, industry turned first to using fish for its manufacture and later to making synthetic fertilizer. Many of the steeper rock spires are once again unoccupied and in many cases ended up being claimed by other nations. But a few of the islands remained settled. America had used poop as its motive to expand into an empire stretching across the Pacific. Today, those Pacific islands are more important than ever before due to the exclusive economic zones that extend for two hundred miles off of any country's coastline under international law.
Any oil and natural gas that lie under the sea floor in those areas are the exclusive property of the United States. Extracting those resources was unimaginable when the islands were first claimed.
Perhaps the guano and oil are more valuable than the gold rush that started the whole thing. Guano and oil aren't pretty but they are a lot more useful to people than a shiny bar of metal. All that is gold does not glitter—especially when it's ancient bird poop.
"The Norie Atlas and the Guano Trade" is on view through January 4, 2017 in the Albert Small Documents Gallery at the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History in Washington, D.C.
Once, Social Security was the "third rail" of politics. Touch it and face political death. Now it is homosexuality. Criticize anything gay people do and you risk ostracism, fines, suspension or loss of your livelihood.
Michael Sam, the first openly gay player to be drafted by a National Football League team -- the St. Louis Rams picked him 249th in the last round -- is being treated by the media and those in the gay rights movement as the equivalent of an early American pioneer.
Miami Dolphins safety Don Jones, apparently, didn't get the memo. Jones tweeted "OMG" and "horrible" after he saw Sam and his boyfriend kiss each other live on ESPN. His tweet was quickly taken down, but the political correctness police swooped in anyway. Jones has been fined and suspended. He's also being forced to attend "educational training" to get his "mind right," to borrow a phrase from the film "Cool Hand Luke." This sounds like the old communist "re-education" camps.
Dolphins Coach Joe Philbin called Jones' comment "inappropriate and unacceptable." Jones issued a statement that read like it had been written by a lawyer, apologizing for his "inappropriate" tweet and taking "full responsibility" for his comment.
How quickly things have changed from the recent experiences of Tim Tebow. When the quarterback heroically led the Denver Broncos to a playoff victory in 2012 and dropped to one knee, as he often did to express gratitude to God (a move that quickly became known as "Tebowing," which spawned countless YouTube parodies), he was widely ridiculed by many of the same entities that now defend Michael Sam, including some NFL players and even "Saturday Night Live," which in a skit had "Jesus" offering Tebow advice while sitting next to him on a locker room bench.
When the Broncos released Tebow, he was mocked again, not only for his faith, but for claiming to be a virgin who wanted to save himself for marriage. In an increasingly secular and licentious culture this sort of thinking and expression, apparently, must be silenced.
During Tebow's brief professional career, TV ratings spiked, jerseys and other gear with Tebow's name on it sold well and, according to Ad Age, "In terms of influence, Mr. Tebow is now in the top 40 of 3,000 celebs ... on par with Tom Hanks, Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, Jennifer Aniston and Steven Spielberg."
Yet, Tebow endured a sometimes silent and often shouted campaign to brand him in a negative way. He was called "polarizing." It was said he had "baggage," though his "bags" were considerably lighter than many other professional athletes who have had drug and alcohol problems, incidents with guns at strip clubs and numerous out-of-wedlock children.
The Nation's Dave Zirin revealed the secular left's real problem with Tebow when he wrote, "(Tebow) is a religious figure in a country that is uncomfortable talking (about) religion." Really? I would venture to guess there are probably more people attending church on Sunday mornings than attend NFL football games on Sunday afternoon. Such is the bias of those who hold disdain for people of strong faith because it apparently exposes flaws in themselves they prefer not to see.
After the Broncos cut Tebow, haters took to the comment page of The Huffington Post:
"Awwwww. I bet this makes the Baby Jesus weep. Tim should have prayed more."
"Hey Tim, are you getting the message now? Nothing fails like prayer."
"We're all going to h--l and we're excited about it. Don't be jealous."
"Where is your God now, Tebow?"
NFL players who joined in the mockery were not fined, disciplined or forced into education training camp. Such is the cultural double standard between the way Michael Sam is being treated and the experience of Tim Tebow. But what should one expect these days when anything goes, except for free speech critical of the LGBT crowd?
SENATOR WYDEN AND OTHER LAWMAKERS HAVE WON APPROVAL BY THE HOUSE AND THE SENATE OF A ONE YEAR REAUTHORIZATION BUDGET ITEM TO KEEP THE COAST GUARD NEWPORT AIR FACILITY OPERATING FOR ANOTHER YEAR – ‘TIL JANUARY 1, 2016.
THE ANNOUNCEMENT WAS RELAYED THROUGH REP. DAVID GOMBERG'S OFFICE THIS AFTERNOON.
THE ANNOUNCEMENT HAS PROMPTED FEDERAL JUDGE MICHAEL MCSHANE TO POSTPONE A COURT HEARING THURSDAY DEALING WITH AN INJUNCTION AGAINST THE COAST GUARD'S CLOSING OF THE FACILITY DECEMBER 15TH. SO, THERE WILL BE NO FEDERAL COURT HEARING TOMORROW ON THE FISHERMEN'S WIVES INJUNCTION AGAINST THE COAST GUARD. FISHERMEN'S WIVES' GINNY GOBLIRSCH SAYS THEIR ATTORNEY WILL MAKE SURE THAT THE POSTPONEMENT IS NOT USED FOR “ANY FUNNY BUSINESS” BY THE FEDERAL DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ATTORNEY WHO HAD ALREADY ARRIVED IN EUGENE TO REPRESENT THE COAST GUARD.
FISHERMEN'S WIVES STANDARD BEARER GINNY GOBLIRSCH TOLD NEWS LINCOLN COUNTY THAT WHILE THEY WELCOME THE NEWS OF THE YEAR EXTENSION, THEY ARE STAYING THE COURSE IN COURT TO FORCE THE COAST GUARD TO DO WHAT'S RIGHT AND WHAT'S LEGAL BY MAKING THEM FULFILL THE REQUIREMENTS THAT ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY, CONTEMPLATING A MAJOR CHANGE IN SERVICE LEVELS, MUST DO UNDER THE U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ACT. AND TO FULFILL THOSE REQUIREMENTS THE COAST GUARD MUST EVALUATE THE IMPACT FROM REMOVING THE HELO FROM THE NEWPORT BASE. THERE ARE ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND PUBLIC SAFETY IMPACTS, GOBLIRSCH SAYS, THAT CANNOT BE DISMISSED OUT OF HAND, NO MATTER HOW HIGH RANKING THE COAST GUARD OFFICIALS ARE WHO ARE TRYING TO DO IT.
Goblirsch said Fishermen's Wives and the other co-plaintiffs, in an injunction request against the Coast Guard, will still appear in Federal Court in Eugene Thursday afternoon (tomorrow) to make their case to Judge McShane that the Coast Guard must comply with federal law dealing with major changes in service levels by any federal agency – including the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard has dismissed the Fishermen's Wives action claiming the group has no standing in court to make such a request – adding that the Air Facility is a cost burden for the Coast Guard's overall mission. Top Coast Guard brass claim the six million dollars a year to operate the facility can be better spent elsewhere. The Coast Guard is also proposing to shut down a facility in South Carolina.
Central to the Fishermen's Wives argument is that the recently adopted nationwide standard of giving the Coast Guard two hours to reach a search and rescue scene is a guarantee that many more lives off the Oregon Coast will be lost. Offshore water temperatures, year round, never warm up enough to prevent death – often occurring from between 15 minutes to an hour regardless of the time of year.
Fishermen's Wives attorney Michael Haglund told News Lincoln County this afternoon that the passage of the budget action by the House and Senate must still be signed by President Obama, which could take a day or two. Haglund noted that there is the same urgency surrounding Thursday's hearing in Federal Court against the Coast Guard because the closure of the Newport Facility is set for Midnight Sunday night, Monday morning. Haglund also pointed out that the Coast Guard today filed more pleadings to rebut the Fishermen's Wives filing of the injunction request.
HERE'S MORE ON TODAY'S HISTORIC EXTENSION OF THE AIR FACILITY'S SERVICE TO NEWPORT AND THE CENTRAL COAST.
Oregon Lawmakers Secure Provision to Keep Newport Coast Guard Air Facility Open until January 2016
Life-Saving Rescue Helicopters Had Been Scheduled for Removal by Dec. 15
Washington, D.C. – Following their repeated calls to ensure the safety of residents in coastal areas, Oregon Senators Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley and Representatives Peter DeFazio, Kurt Schrader, Earl Blumenauer and Suzanne Bonamici today announced the Congress has passed legislation that will keep the U.S. Coast Guard's air facility at Newport open through the coming year.
The Oregon lawmakers worked to include language in the Coast Guard reauthorization bill that would keep the Coast Guard's air stations open through January 1, 2016—including the Newport facility. The Senate passed the short-term Coast Guard reauthorization bill earlier today, and the House of Representatives passed it tonight.
“The passage of this bill is a literal lifesaver for our coastal communities,” Merkley said. “It's essential to the safety of fishermen, recreational boaters, and tourists on our coast that we have lifesaving facilities nearby when the distress call comes. This is a huge win for the safety of our communities and the health of our economy. I'm determined to keep the Newport helicopter right where it belongs: in Newport.”
“It is impossible to understate how critical this air station is not only to the hardworking men and women of Oregon's fishing industry, but for all coastal visitors and residents,” DeFazio said. “While I'm encouraged that the Oregon delegation was able to keep the lights on for one more year in Newport, clearly we will need to keep up the fight in the coming months in order to ensure a permanent resolution.”
“I know folks often get frustrated with Washington, DC for not getting things done that matter to them,” Schrader said. “But this critical safety issue on our coast is an example of how a community, working with its elected officials can really make a difference, just like we did with NOAA and get something done. I'm proud to be on a team with my colleagues in the House and Senate to make sure this helicopter remains in Newport.”
“The Newport Coast Guard Air Facility is critical to the safety and security of a key region of Oregon's coastal economy,” Blumenauer said. “Closing this facility will harm Oregon's tourism, research, and fishing industries and create longer response times in life or death situations.”
While the Coast Guard claims that it would still be able to meet the national standard of a two-hour search-and-rescue response time, local fishermen and Central Coast residents who depend on the rescue helicopters say first-hand experience shows that closure of the base will lengthen response times and threaten the safety of local mariners.
Newport houses National Oceanic and Atmospheric vessels and Oregon's largest commercial fishing fleet, in addition to research vessels from Oregon State University. In response to repeated calls from Oregon lawmakers, the Coast Guard announced it would delay the December 1 closure of the Newport facility until December 15.
Russian Central Bank closes three Ukrainian banks in Crimea
© RIA Novosti
12:01 26/11/2014
MOSCOW, November 26 (RAPSI) - The Central Bank of Russia stopped the operations of three Ukrainian banks in Crimea and Sevastopol, including Neos Bank, Credit Agricole Bank and Zoloti Vorota Bank, RIA Novosti reported on Wednesday.
The decision to permanently close the branches of the three banks was based purely on the intention to protect the interests of depositors and customers whose legal rights were allegedly violated when the three banks suspended operations at their branch offices in Crimea and Sevastopol, the Central Bank reports.
Compensation will be paid by the Crimean Foundation for the Protection of Bank Depositors that is assuming the responsibility for the rights and claims of the depositors. Civil claims against the involved banks, including those submitted by the protection foundation, will be heard, if necessary, by competent judicial authorities under the standard legal procedure.
Ukrainian banks began leaving Crimea after the peninsula reunited with Russia last March.
So much for it not being the "right time" to deal with guns. After the deadliest shooting in modern U.S. history, Republicans move to loosen regulations even further.
Turns out Republicans in Congress do want to address the issue of guns following the worst mass shooting in modern history. It's just that Republicans want to quietly pass a truly radical and dangerous NRA-sponsored bill that would make it easier for people to buy silencers for their guns.
People like Stephen Paddock, who purchased 33 guns the 12 months prior to opening fire on the country music crowd in Las Vegas last week.
It was the loud explosion of gunfire coming from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel that first alerted concertgoers that a deadly rampage had begun. And it was that loud gunfire that prompted lots of people to quickly seek safety. In the end, 58 people were killed and more than 500 were injured.
Yet despite the gun wreckage in Las Vegas, the GOP and the NRA have recommitted themselves to pass a law that would help muffle that sound of gunfire.
Following the concert massacre, the GOP rhetorically locked arms with the NRA and insisted, once again, that horrific acts of gun shootings do not represent the “right time” to discus the epidemic of gun violence in America. But apparently it's the right time to loosen gun restrictions.
Less than two weeks after the carnage and after the funerals, the NRA's Republican surrogates stress that they're determined to bring the silencer bill to the House floor for a vote.
“House Republican lawmakers and leadership aides confirmed they were still hopeful they could hold a floor vote” on the silencer bill, McClatchy reported on Thursday. The bill would drastically shorten the months-long waiting period for silencers that's currently in place.
The bill is being pitched as a safety issue (aka the Hearing Protection Act) with the NRA and GOP stressing that it would protect hunters and sportsmen from hearing loss. Yet for decades in this country, tens of millions of hunters have been able to use guns without silencers. So why the sudden need for change?
One reason is that if the bill passed, sales of silencers would likely explode, creating a new profit center from gun manufacturers. The gun industry profited greatly during eight years under President Obama because the NRA, Republicans, and the right-wing media demonized the Democratic president and convinced gun enthusiasts he was going to snatch away their rights. (Obama never did.)
With Donald Trump in office, gun sales have slumped and the industry needs new sources of revenue.
Incredibly, back in June, Republicans had to postpone a hearing on the silencer bill because that morning a gunman opened fire on a baseball field where Republican members of Congress were practicing.
But that bloodshed did nothing to slow down the GOP's radical NRA agenda. And neither, it seems, will the Las Vegas massacre.
In response, the SFMTA, Planning and Public Works are trying to figure out how to accommodate 50 percent more people on the streets.
If the 20-minute coffee shop lines, bumper-to-bumper traffic, and one-in, one-out Trader Joe's parking lots have you thinking that the city might be reaching capacity, we've got bad news. A new project overview released by Public Works, the SFMTA and Planning shows that up to 9,000 new units of housing are coming to one itty bitty section of the city: an oddly shaped few blocks on Market Street and in SoMa, between Octavia Boulevard and Ninth Street.
The intersection of Market with Valencia, Haight and Gough streets was coined as the “Hub” in the late 1880s, due to its capacity for four streetcar lines that converged on the area. Over time the borders began to loosen and started to include the neighborhood surrounding Market Street as well. According to historian and writer Larry Cronader, the area was a hot spot for businesses: Hub Bowling, the Hub pharmacy, and the McRoskey Mattress Company all moved in during the 1930s.
But in years since the area of Market Street and Van Ness Avenue has become a wasteland. Despite its proximity to multiple Muni lines, the All-Star Donuts is often empty, the large car dealership feels misplaced, and the strong winds suck the soul out of the corner. But like it or not, change is on the horizon.
Based on what's slowly working its way through Planning, here is a summary of the population changes we can expect in the Hub: new housing units will come in somewhere between 7,300 and 9,000 apartments. Pedestrian traffic will increase by fifty percent at the Market and Van Ness intersection during peak hours. And more than 8,800 people will use the Van Ness Muni station to commute to and from work.
The simple reason for this population jump: the ever-coveted housing. Here are a few of the big developments coming our way:
30 Van Ness Ave. (which houses the Walgreens on the corner of Van Ness and Market streets) is being sold by the Board of Supervisors, and is zoned to accommodate a 550-foot residential tower.
One Oak (which will replace All-Star Donuts and its adjacent parking lot) will reach 40 stories into the sky and will contain 310 units of market-rate housing.
10 South Van Ness Ave. (where the car dealership lives) is also set to be demolished, with two 40-story towers proposed for the site, with 767 units placed over 20,000 square feet of mixed-use space.
And as Socketsite reported earlier this month, approval is pending for a 400-foot building to be constructed just down the road at the former Goodwill, at 1500 Mission St.
In response to the anticipated population growth of the Hub, the SFMTA, Planning and Public Works are brainstorming ways to make the streets and sidewalks safer, more enjoyable and higher functioning for the thousands of extra people who will be spilling out of their luxury apartments nearby. And thus enters the first draft of the Hub Public Realm Plan.
“Public Realm improvements will be implemented over time,” reads the plan's introduction. “Some improvements may be led and funded by the city and other improvements may be implemented in coordination with private development. Because these projects will be implemented at different times, it is important to set forth a clear direction for how these spaces should be designed and function as an emerging new neighborhood.”
Scrolling through the draft Hub Public Realm Plan is like taking a peek into a strange utopia—the few blocks have been cheerful but drastically re-designed to resemble a modern European street scene. The sidewalks are clean, the bikes plentiful, and everyone slides into their right place, be they driver, pedestrian or cyclist.
But the reality of the situation is that each element of the plan would require community meetings, public hearings, Planning Commission recommendations, letters of support or lack thereof, and if any of this is to come to fruition, it will take years.
Some examples of potential controversies: 11th Street between Market and Bryant streets would get parking-separated bike lanes. The 14-Mission bus would get red painted transit-only lanes to make it a more rapid transit option. Wind canopies would be installed. And private vehicles would not be allowed on Market Street between 11th and 12th streets.
Traffic infrastructure would have to be improved to accommodate the sharp increase in population, but the draft Hub Public Realm Plan also takes a closer look at how to make the area prettier and more enjoyable. Part of this includes a revamp of alleyways near the Hub: Brady Street, Chase Court, Colton Street, Colusa Place, Stevenson Street, Jessie Street, Lafayette Street, Lily Street, Minna Street, Plum Street and Rose Street are all being considered for Living Alleys—redesigned community spaces with benches, trees, and murals.
For the urban planning nerds among you, the entire 92-page draft Hub Public Realm Plan can be accessed here, complete with details on every bike lane's width, proposed streetlight, and pedestrian bulb out. While some of the projects listed in the plan — such as the Van Ness Bus Rapid Transit project — have broken ground, there is no specific timeline planned to launch the newly proposed ideas.
In the meantime, we suggest savoring the soon-to-be-worse morning waits at Corridor Cafe. The high-rises are inevitable, and with them come the crowds.
Mohammed bin Salman, the heir to the Saudi throne, confessed to two former US officials he "wants out" of the brutal two-year war he started in Yemen, and added that he was "okay" with Washington engaging with his arch-foe Iran, according to leaked emails obtained by Middle East Eye.
The 31-year-old revealed his intentions to Martin Indyk, the former US ambassador to Israel, and Stephen Hadley, a former US national security adviser, at least one month before the kingdom accused Qatar of undermining its campaign in Yemen and colluding with Iran.
He was quite clear... that he wants out of Yemen and that he is OK with the US engaging Iran - Martin Indyk on MBS
More than 10,000 people have been killed and 40,000 injured in the war in Yemen, since bin Salman launched his Decisive Storm campaign to regain the country from Houthi control. Yemen is being ravaged by an outbreak of cholera that has infected 500,000 people.
Two-thirds of its population - more than 18 million people - need humanitarian assistance and more than seven million are suffering from malnutrition.
Details of the meeting were contained in an email thread between Indyk and Yousef Otaiba, the UAE's ambassador in Washington, which was obtained by the GlobalLeaks campaign group.
Indyk and Otaiba were discussing the Saudi prince's "pragmatism" and where it deviated from the public positions the kingdom adopts.
At 10.17am on 20 April, Otaiba wrote: "Sometimes foreign ministers have to raise the bar a little higher. And I think MBS is far more pragmatic than what we hear is (sic) Saudi public positions."
By return some 27 minutes later Indyk wrote: "I agree on that. He was quite clear with Steve Hadley and me that he wants out of Yemen and that he is OK with the US engaging Iran as long as it is co-ordinated in advance and the objectives are clear."
Otaiba replied: "I do not think we will ever see a more pragmatic leader in that country. Which is why engaging with them is so important and will yield the most results we can ever get out of Saudi."
"We're doing our best to do that," said Indyk, who is perhaps better known for a career championing pro-Israel policies rather than Saudi ones.
Emails spanning several years show Otaiba's apparent high regard for Indyk, who turned to him for a November 2013 meeting with the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Mohammed bin Zayed, in order to "give him some granularity on the cousins" - a reference to Israel.
Houthis parade in Yemen's capital, Sanaa. Saudi Arabia has waged a two-year war against the group (Reuters)
Hadi on the ropes
Bin Salman's doubts about Decisive Storm further undermines the position of the Yemeni president in exile, Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi, in whose name the Saudi-led campaign was launched.
As MEE reported, Hadi has fallen out with bin Zayed, who is backing rival Yemeni forces in control of Aden airport. Hadi accused bin Zayed of acting like an occupier of Yemen. He is currently in Riyadh.
Otaiba's emails also reveal that as early as April 2015, the Emirates treated the former Yemeni dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh only as a "subversive element" in the Yemen conflict, as opposed to the Houthis, whom they publicly branded a "strategic threat".
This emerged in a private email exchange with the CIA's former deputy director, Michael Morell, in which they discussed a recent share of intelligence between the UAE's foreign minister, Anwar Gargash, and Barbara Leaf, the US ambassador to the UAE.
Yemen president says UAE acting like occupiers Read More »
In a meeting with Leaf, Gargash said their aim was to peel Saleh away from the supporting the Houthis, and encourage divisions within his party, the General People's Congress (GPC).
According to a summary of the meeting minutes, Gargash "stressed the importance of differentiating between the Houthis as a strategic threat, and Saleh which is basically a 'subversive element' that does not impose a strategic threat".
Gargash highlighted "the importance on working on holding Saleh away from the Houthis as a first step, and eventually supporting divisions in the GPC party and Saleh".
Leaf, said Saleh, had been "desperately trying to talk to the US and start negotiating", but the US had no trust in him and thought he was unreliable.
"She further enquired about Saleh's money in the UAE, noting that in her last meeting with [security official] Ali bin Hamad al-Shamsi she was told that his son was still... in the UAE and not allowed to leave for Yemen."
The UAE wanted to undermine Abdullah Ali Saleh and split him from the Houthi movement (AFP)
Little Sparta's vaulting ambition
Otaiba is clear in private correspondence about his country's ambitions to lead the region and the splits emerging within the Gulf Cooperation Council.
In an email exchange with Elliott Abrams, a former US official renowned for neoconservative views on Israel, the ambassador does not demur when Abrams writes: "Jeez, the new hegemon! Emirati imperialism! Well if the US won't do it, someone has to hold things together for a while."
Otaiba replies: "Yes, how dare we! In all honesty there was not much of a choice. We stepped up only after your country chose to step down."
Abrams complains it was "too bad you aren't getting the help you deserve" from the US, Qatar and Saudi. Otaiba adds: "Or Oman or Turkey."
Otaiba, however, is brutally clear about who he thinks is in the driving seat, when it comes to the Emirati-Saudi relationship.
To Abrams, Otaiba replies: "I think in the long term we might be a good influence on KSA [Kingdom of Saudi Arabia], at least with certain people there."
Continuing the exchange Otaiba confides: "Our relationship with them is based on strategic depth, shared interests, and most importantly the hope that we could influence them. Not the other way around."
Indyk was contacted and presented with the substance of his email exchange with Otaiba. He refused to comment.
Otaiba did not reply to MEE's request for comment. Hadley said: "I cannot comment on what was a private conversation."
This article is available in French on Middle East Eye French edition.
New research suggests that people prefer getting electric shocks to being alone with their thoughts:
[Researchers] report on 11 experiments. In most, they asked participants to put away any distractions and entertain themselves with their own thoughts for 6 to 15 minutes. Over the first six studies, 58 percent of participants rated the difficulty at or above the midpoint on a scale (“somewhat”), and 42 percent rated their enjoyment below the midpoint. In the seventh study, participants completed the task at home, and 32 percent admitted to cheating by using their phones, listening to music, or doing anything but just sitting there. … Participants rated the task of entertaining themselves with their own thoughts as far less enjoyable and more conducive to mind-wandering than other mellow activities such as reading magazines or doing crossword puzzles. In the most, ahem, shocking study, subjects were wired up and given the chance to shock themselves during the thinking period if they desired. They'd all had a chance to try out the device to see how painful it was. And yet, even among those who said they would pay money not to feel the shock again, a quarter of the women and two thirds of the men gave themselves a zap when left with their own thoughts. (One outlier pressed the button 190 times in the 15 minutes.) Commenting on the sudden appeal of electricity coursing through one's body, [researcher Timothy] Wilson said, “I'm still just puzzled by that.”
Tom Stafford resists the interpretation that people simply don't like thinking:
Since this morning, members of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) have stopped some trains in Patna and forced shops to shut in Aurangabad's markets.
Student activists of the BJP today stopped trains, blocked the highways, burned tyres and forced shops to shut in Bihar as they protested against police action during a demonstration last week.
Since this morning, members of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) have stopped some trains in Patna and forced shops to shut in Aurangabad's markets. In Patna, 100-odd ABVP supporters were detained by the police after they damaged windscreens of some vehicles, burned tyres in the middle of the road, tried to attack police patrol cars and forced vehicles off the road at Dak Bangla Chowk, the city's main intersection. In the Patna University area, protestors made professors suspend classes and forcibly closed university offices and other educational institutions.
Police used batons on the protestors, forced some to flee and arrested a few of them. Policemen are present in large numbers across the city to prevent serious violence.
The police last week used batons, water cannons and tear gas on ABVP activists who marched to the state assembly to protest against the education policies of the state's Nitish Kumar government. A senior police officer also fired several rounds in the air from an automatic rifle. Several students were detained by the police. The police said they were forced to fire shots in the air to check violence.
Michael Sullivan's grieving family made a desperate plea Tuesday for anyone with information on how the disabled father of two was murdered to come forward to police.
“This was an evil act. A cruel death,” said Sullivan's sister Teresa Mummery at a press conference at Hamilton police headquarters Tuesday afternoon.
Sullivan became the city's 10th homicide of the year when he died at Hamilton General Hospital earlier this month. The incident, and the frightening circumstances of a driver hunting down and deliberately hitting a cyclist in the city, remained secret from the public for almost three months.
Michael Sullivan, 51, was killed by a truck driver who chased him through the streets of the east end back in July, police say. (Courtesy Hamilton Police)
Sullivan had a disability, and worked from home building or fixing things for other people, his sister said
"When he worked at home it was always building something for somebody else,” she said. “My brother was in a lot of interactions with a lot of good people. He did computers for underprivileged children, he did bicycles and sent them to countries where they didn't have them. That's how he filled his days.”
Investigators from the east end division were originally overseeing the case before the homicide unit took over, and they “made the strategic decision” not to release any information to the public, says Hamilton police Det. Peter Thom.
“The decision early on was to go that route,” Thom said. Though police are asking the public to come forward and help with the case, they will not give a specific suspect description or firm reason as to why they did not disclose the murder until last week, even though it happened back in July.
“I don't want to provide any other information that the witnesses we've spoken to so far have issued to us,” he said. “I don't want to taint anyone else's information.”
Police have recovered the black Ford F150 they believe was used to run Sullivan down in the east end. It is now at the Centre for Forensic Sciences being examined for further evidence, Thom says. The registered owner of the truck had sold the vehicle months before the murder happened.
“We're just in the process of figuring out which hands the truck has passed through since that happened,” he said.
Mummery says she believes the police have handled the case in a way that will help catch the perpetrator, and that coming forward earlier “wouldn't have made a difference.”
Michael Sullivan's mother Gail was one of the family members present at Tuesday's press conference. (Adam Carter/CBC)
Sullivan was riding on his bike in the area of Barton Street East and Lottridge Street back in July.
“While in the vicinity he had a brief interaction with some individuals and continued about his business,” according to a police statement. “This interaction led to some misinformation being passed to the driver of a black, Ford F150 pickup truck.” Thom again would not specify what that "misinformation" was at Tuesday's press conference.
Police say the driver of the truck chased Sullivan through city streets and then pursued him into the rear lot of a Barton Street East restaurant supply store. The truck hit Sullivan and he flew off the bike, police say.
The driver of the truck sped off after hitting Sullivan and was last seen travelling eastbound on Barton Street, police say.
Sullivan was a father who was adored by his two children: Nathan, 27 and Tara, 21, Mummery said.
“He was so proud of them,” she said. “Their father was a caring human being who loved life and always tried to help people in need.
“They cannot imagine why someone would hurt their father.”
TORONTO – A U.K.-based think-tank says Canada will have the world's 10th largest economy in 2017, but will be overtaken in a few years by South Korea.
READ MORE: Here's how the economy could combust, according to the Bank of Canada
The analysis from the Centre for Economics and Business Research, published in co-operation with Global Construction Perspectives, estimates Canada's gross domestic product will be worth 1.635 trillion U.S. dollars next year.
WATCH: Trudeau says protecting the environment and growing economy go together
That would put Canada's GDP just ahead of South Korea, ranked No. 11.
But by the end of 2019, the think-tank says Canada will be knocked to 11th spot by South Korea – in current U.S. dollars.
READ MORE: Canada facing economic unknowns in 2017 in wake of President-elect Donald Trump
It also forecasts Canada's ranking will drop to No. 12 on the World Economic League Table by 2030 – when the United States will drop to No. 2, from the top spot that it has held for decades, by China.
NETWORK FINALS: OLYMPICS coverage adjusted up 0.1 in final numbers, but FOX's baseball game lost the same. Local preseason NFL preemptions may have caused some of the other shifts: on ABC, the SHARK TANK rerun and 20/20 each lost 0.2, and WHAT WOULD YOU DO was down 0.3; on CBS, the reruns of NCIS: LA and HAWAII 5-0 were down 0.2 and BLUE BLOODS slipped 0.1; and on CW, the MASTERS OF ILLUSION and PENN & TELLER: FOOL US reruns were all down 0.1.
Broadcast Official Nationals Program Ratings Chart
CABLE HIGHLIGHTS: The RIO SUMMER OLYMPICS led cable, with NBC Sports Net's primetime coverage peaking at 0.52 (0.37 for its daytime telecast), CNBC at 0.17, USA at 0.14, MSNBC at 0.013, Bravo at 0.08, and Golf Channel at 0.07. On Adult Swim, THE ERIC ANDRE SHOW was down 0.03 to 0.47, and MDE WORLD PEACE dropped a tenth to 0.35. Lifetime's BRING IT gained 0.09 to 0.47, and THE RAP GAME was up 0.04 to 0.45. Disney Network scored 2 shows in the Top 10, GIRL MEETS WORLD at 0.44, and the just-renewed ELENA OF AVALOR at 0.34. (More family shows hovered just outside the Top 10, with Nickelodeon's MUTT & STUFF at 0.33, and Cartoon Network's STEVEN UNIVERSE at 0.28.) The Olympics had some sports company thanks to preseeason NFL, which gave NFL Network a pair of Top 10 games, Detroit vs. Pittsburgh at 0.40, and Oakland vs. Arizona at 0.36. We's MARRIAGE BOOT CAMP gained 0.06 to 0.29, and A MILLION DOLLAR MATCHMAKER was up 0.03 to 0.17. MTV appears to have aired 4 episodes of RIDICULOUSNESS at 0.26/0.25/0.25/0.24, compared to 0.26/0.25 for 2 episodes last week. History's ANCIENT ALIENS was at 0.24. Food Network's DINERS, DRIVE-INS & DIVES was at 0.24. On Syfy, KILLJOYS rose 0.05 to 0.18, and DARK MATTER ticked up to 0.16. OWN's LOVE THY NEIGHBOR had an extra tick to 0.17. Bravo's REAL HOUSEWIVES OF MELBOURNE fell 0.04 to 0.07. The season finale of Cinemax's OUTCAST (which is indeed returning for a Season 2) held at 0.06.
Top 50 Original Cable Telecasts with Demographic Detail
Top 150 Original Cable Telecasts
To search for a show: type Ctrl-F and type your show title in the search box.
###
VIDEO - Seventy years ago, no one at the Majdanek concentration camp would have imagined that one day Jews would film a music video at the place where masses were systematically and brutally murdered.
Farewell Auschwitz survivor dies on anniversary Associated Press Kazimierz Smolen, 91, who after World War II became director of memorial site, passes away in hospital in southern Polish town of Oswiecim exactly 67 years after Nazi death camp's liberation Auschwitz survivor dies on anniversary
The song, "Rainbow in the Night," performed by Cantor Yaakov Lemmer, has been distributed ahead of International Holocaust Day, which was marked Friday. It speaks of hope and the Jewish people's victory in continuing to exist in the 21st century.
The clip is part of a campaign targeting non-Jewish children in the United States, aiming to teach them about one of the darkest episodes in history.
"There is an entire generation, a new generation, growing up in the fast world, where something new happens every single moment," says the person behind the project, Danny Finkleman, an Orthodox Jew from Manhattan Beach.
"This young generation doesn't have the patience to learn about the Holocaust. For us it's an inseparable part of Jewish history; for them it's just another black-and-white encyclopedia entry.
"The campaign aims to target young people's world – a five-minute video focusing on the shocking horror, alongside the Jewish faith and courage which did not cease for one minute, even when the worst happened.
"More than 70 years have passed since World War II, and as time goes by, the number of people who survived the horror is getting smaller. As the voice of the survivors fades, the voice of Holocaust deniers grows stronger."
Most of the clip was short at former Nazi concentration camps in Poland and, for the first time, within Majdanek.
"We had to go through a difficult journey to receive the permit to shoot in Majdanek," says Finkleman. "It was important for us to be in that place rather than start building a production. Authenticity has a central and influential part in conveying messages."
Finkleman explains, "The display of Jewish children, with the skullcap on their heads, was aimed at illustrating the Jewish people's victory over Hitler, while stressing the danger of assimilation in the Jewish people."
HUME: The idea that defunding Planned Parenthood against the wishes of a sitting president, with enough votes to sustain any vetoes he might cast, even if it leads to a government shutdown is a path to victory is crazy. Every time that we get down to this, if government closes, and it's always only a partial shutdown, the Republican party gets blamed because people want the government cut down perhaps but not shut down. The party's standing in the polls begins to sink like a rock. Disaffected Republicans like Karen would argue, "Oh if they had just stuck to their guns they'd win in the end." There is no evidence to support that. No government shutdown, John Kasich to the contrary, has ever led to anything good for the Republicans. So it's a suicide mission.
The cucking of Americans continues.
Stacey Butler reports for CBS2 Los Angeles that Mary Campos — an Orange County mom, a million-mile flier, and a senior consultant in the oil and gas industry — said United Airlines discriminated against her by changing her pre-assigned seat because two Muslim men refused to sit next to a female.
On September 26, 2016, just before Campos got on her pre-booked flight to Houston, a gate agent handed her a new boarding pass, saying, “This is your new seat.”
Campos said, “Excuse me?”.
The agent said, “I don't know how to tell you this. The two gentlemen seated next to you have cultural beliefs that prevent them from sitting next to, or talking to or communicating with females.”
Campos was shocked. She told CBS LA: “I thought I lived in a culture [America] where women were equal to men. We can't discriminate against half the population for a belief from another nation.”
Campos was told the two men in long orange shirts were Pakistani “monks” and that the female UA flight crew were not allowed to serve the men.
Campos said she had no choice but to take her new seat assignment. Then she wrote a letter to the CEO of United Airlines, which said, in part:
“What if I were handicapped, or transgender? What if your entire crew were female? Any belief that prevents individuals from interacting with females should not travel on commercial aircraft.”
She got a reply that said United would look into it, but she didn't hear from them again.
CBS2 made inquiries and received this communication from UA spokesman Jonathan Guerin:
“We regret that Ms. Campos was unhappy with the handling of the seat assignments on her flight. United holds its employees to the highest standards of professionalism and has zero tolerance for discrimination.”
Campos said she wants two things from United:
Apologize to every female who was on that plane, including United Airlines' employees. Change their policy.
If UA is not forthcoming, Campos said she would do whatever she had to do to protect women's rights.
On October 11, 2017, Orange County supervisors announced it will not award additional flights for next year to United Airlines or any airlines at John Wayne Airport until they promise to follow federal laws that prohibit gender, race and age discrimination.
Orange County Board of Supervisors Chairwoman Lisa Bartlett asked:
“What would happen if you had an all-female flight attendant crew? What if there were female pilots and co-pilots? This goes way beyond discrimination of passengers. We're talking about personnel on the flights.”
Supervisor Todd Spitzer said he and the other supervisors “were very offended” when they found out about Mary Campos being reassigned her seat because she's a woman “like Rosa Parks was during the civil rights movement.” Spitzer said he had asked United to attend the supervisor meeting on October 11. Instead, the airline issued another canned statement:
“We regret that our handling of the seat assignments has caused concern. We have zero tolerance for discrimination against any protected characteristics including gender. We have reached out to Ms. Campos to discuss her concerns. Our goal is to provide safe and comfortable travel for all of our customers and we regret that Ms. Campos was unhappy with the handling of the seat assignments on her flight. United holds our employees to the highest standards of professionalism and has zero tolerance for discrimination.”
Blah, blah, blah.
Campos told CBS2 she applauded the Orange County Board of Supervisor for making a stance that “all airports need to take to make sure that airlines are enforcing the same kind of policy.” But she said United still had not reached out to her to apologize; neither had UA said anything about changing its policy:
“The toughest part is that to date, United still hasn't had anything more than canned responses. I'm not going to let it go because our daughters and other females deserve that.”
The county's contracts with airlines do ban discrimination, but do not include all of the classes of people covered by federal law. So Supervisor Michelle Steel moved to include all of the federal law's protected classes, including women, in the county's contracts.
At its Oct. 25 meeting, the board would get an update on renegotiated contracts and consider passenger load allocations for the airlines.
I searched on the Internet for follow-up news on this incident, but found nothing.
Not a word from the National Organization for Women (NOW).
I did find that on March 10, 2017, an Illinois Muslim family filed a lawsuit against United Airlines alleging discrimination after they were escorted off a flight from Chicago to Washington D.C. The airline eventually booked them on another flight the same day.
Mohamad and Eaman Shebley‘s lawyer Phil Robertson claims that airline staff humiliated and disrespected the Shebleys “with hostility and arbitrary and unreasonable reactions” when they inquired about one of their kids using a booster seat. Another Shebley lawyer Maaria Mozaffar said the family wants some measure of justice in the form of “compensation” and a change in UA policies regarding how “minority” passengers are treated.
Therein lies at least one explanation for why businesses bend over to appease Muslims: Muslims have learned to exploit the system and are aggressive in pursuit of their interests, whether via lawsuits or violence.
We are in a war of civilizations, but most of us are blind and oblivious.
American non-Muslims, including Christians, must fight back by asserting ourselves. Mary Campos should have sued United Airlines because lawsuits seem to be the only language UA and other businesses understand.
If we don't fight back, we'll become another Sweden where their cucked men advertise their surrender with pink pussyhats. (See “Welcome to Sweden! – where men wear pink pussies”)
***Visit our new FREE SPEECH community built exclusively for our readers. Click to Join The Deplorables Network Today!***
~Eowyn
Dr. Eowyn's post first appeared at Fellowship of the Minds
Every time I see a fruit platter at a hotel or a conference, I ask myself the same question: Where does all this honeydew melon come from, and does anyone actually want to eat it?
I understand the advantages of honeydew if you're putting together a buffet. It provides a splash of vibrant green at low cost. It keeps a long time. It smells good: If you've bought a melon-scented candle or bath product lately, it almost surely smelled more like a honeydew than a cantaloupe.
But there's a major downside to serving honeydew: Americans don't like to eat it. In 2012, according to the United States Department of Agriculture, Americans consumed five pounds of cantaloupe for every pound of honeydew. We go for cantaloupe even though it's, on average, 50 percent more expensive than honeydew. Because of that preference, honeydew-cantaloupe parity on breakfast buffets means a lot of honeydew waste.
“I trashed more mass in honeydew than in unfinished stacks of pancakes,” says Dawn Eisner, who supervised a breakfast buffet at the Radisson Plaza in Kalamazoo, Mich., for six years, ending in 2011. “Nobody eats the green melon.” So why even serve it? “It looks nice next to watermelon, cantaloupe and pineapple,” she said.
A MAN falsely accused of child abduction has spoken of the six months of hell he spent in prison awaiting trial.
Mohmed Dadhiwala always denied abducting a five-year-old girl from Morrisons in Blackburn, and was facing years in prison if convicted by a jury.
But as his trial was about to get underway prosecutors offered no evidence and a judge let him go free.
Despite being released from custody an innocent man, the father-of-four said he feels like a prisoner in his own home and fears being attacked in the street as a backlash to the publicity following his arrest.
Mr Dadhiwala said: “I feel threatened. This whole experience has destroyed me. It's ruined my reputation and that of my family.
“I don't feel safe on my own doorstep because I'm afraid someone will attack me.
“People know who I am and where I live because my photograph, name and address was put all over the papers and television.
“I won't go to Morrisons any more and I used to go to three times each week.
“I'm scared that someone will say I am acting suspiciously and I'll get arrested and locked up again.”
Mr Dadhiwala, who lives in Blackburn, was accused of picking up the youngster on the travelator in the Railway Road store
at around 3pm on November 3.
Unaware of the allegations the 44-year-old cut through the store to his car parked in Cicely Lane. Police were then informed and a manhunt was launched with officers releasing a CCTV image identifying Mr Dadhiwala as a suspect.
Having seen his photograph in the media Mr Dadhiwala drove to Greenbank Police Station in Blackburn to clear his name but was arrested and charged with the offence of taking a child without lawful authority.
He was held in police custody for three nights before being sent to Blackburn Magistrates for a preliminary hearing.
There he was denied bail, although his family raised enough money to pay a £10,000 surety, and he was transferred to the vulnerable prisoners wing of Preston Prison earmarked for convicted sex offenders.
Mr Dadhiwala said: “It was tough in there for me.
“I had to stop my prayers because they put me in with non-Muslims and I was in fear of getting attacked.
“When I first got in everyone was calling me ‘Morrisons' because they had all seen the press reports.
“I was spat at and called a paedophile.
“Even when I was on the way to Preston Crown Court for the trial they were calling me a paedophile, linking me to grooming and saying I was giving the Asian community a bad name.
“The only way I got through it was by taking it one day at a time. I also had my faith in God and the knowledge I was an innocent man.
“Every time my cell door opened I was expecting someone to come in and say the case had been dropped and I was free to go home. But they never did.”
He added: “I was told that if I was found guilty I could be facing 15 years in prison. I just couldn't believe it.
“I knew if I told the truth and kept my faith in God that it would turn out alright in the end and thankfully it did.
“For the last six months I have lived in constant fear and it has had a detrimental impact on my physical and emotional wellbeing. I am going to need counselling to try and get my life back to normal.”
Mr Dadhiwala was cleared by Judge Jonathan Gibson on Wednesday following a decision by the Crown Prosecution Service to offer no evidence to the charge against him.
Prosecutor Rachel Woods told the court the decision was made after a letter was found which was ‘undermining' to the Crown's case and meant there was ‘no longer a realistic prospect of a conviction'.
The evidence was in relation to concerns surrounding the credibility of the child's mother, which the court heard had been disclosed into evidence by the police in February. But it was only on the day of trial it was raised in the crown court.
Giving his version of November's events, Mr Dadhiwala, who has worked in retail and merchandising but is presently unable to work because of along-standing knee injury, said he had cut through Morrisons on the way back from a doctor's appointment at Barbara Castle Way Health Centre in Blackburn. He said he was on the travelator and moved to let a woman and child pass him.
He maintains he never touched the girl and said police found no DNA relating to him on the child's clothing.
Mr Dadhiwala said he does not know what the child or her mother looks like and the first thing he knew about any alleged wrongdoing was when he saw his face on the police appeal.
He said: “I have been in prison for the last six months and treated like a criminal even though I was an innocent man.
“The system needs to be changed to prevent another innocent person being locked up, especially if, like me, they have gone to the police station voluntarily to clear their name.
“With my case there was no physical evidence and I was still locked up. This was disclosed to the CPS and nothing was done to see that I was released sooner.”
Mr Dadhiwala, who thanked his friends and family for their support, said he intended to lodge a complaint with the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Lancashire police and the Crown Prosecution Service were both approached for comment but did not respond before the Lancashire Telegraph went to print.
Canonical, the lead commercial sponsor behind the open-source Ubuntu Linux operating system, today announced an expansion of its push to embed Linux in everything from phones to refrigerators—and now network switches. The Snappy Ubuntu Core Linux operating system, a minimal version of Ubuntu Linux that provides an improved updating and security model, is designed for embedded devices and the Internet of things (IoT).
Snappy was first announced in December 2014 and became generally available with the Ubuntu 15.04 Vivid Vervet release on April 23. To date, Canonical has positioned Snappy as a platform for the cloud and mobile devices and is now bringing it to Open Compute Platform (OCP) network switches. The OCP networking effort kicked off in 2013 as a way to enable an organization to choose the operating system they want to run on an open networking switch.
"Switches to us are important and very strategic," Dustin Kirkland, product manager at Canonical, told eWEEK. "There is switch at the top of every rack in every data center."
With OCP, switching is now happening on commodity hardware, typically with some form of Linux as a base operating system, Kirkland said. There are multiple vendors in the Linux for networking space today, including Cumulus Networks and Big Switch Networks, that Ubuntu Linux will now compete against.
"We are positioning Snappy for switches, bringing the Ubuntu Linux experience that many developers are already familiar with," Kirkland said. "The same Ubuntu Linux skills from the server world apply in the Ubuntu-on-a-switch role."
Switching also plays well into what Canonical is doing with the open-source OpenStack cloud platform. Having control of the network at the switch level, for security or access, can all be driven from an integrated Ubuntu platform.
While Ubuntu is now coming to switches, Canonical is not going to become a switching vendor. Rather, Canonical will take care of the kernel and operating system layer with Snappy, and the network functions virtualization (NFV) feature can sit on top, Kirkland said.
"Virtual switching software vendors can concentrate on their expertise, be it hardware or the network application, and we at Canonical will take care of the operating system layer," Kirkland said.
A key part of the OCP networking effort is the ONIE (Open Network Install Environment) technology that enables an organization to deploy whatever networking operating system they choose. With Snappy, Canonical wants to further enable ONIE to be easier to use and deploy.
"We have taken ONIE and enabled it so it can run inside of Snappy as an application," Kirkland said. "So a switch vendor can ship a switch that has a super-small Snappy environment running ONIE, and then, from that, the user could download and install whatever network environment they want."
The operating system that ultimate runs on an open switch could be Snappy Ubuntu, or it could be a different operating system, Kirkland said.
Refrigerators
Switches aren't the only place where Canonical has made news this week with Snappy. The technology is also powering a new generation of Internet-connected Chillhub refrigerators from General Electric's (GE) Firstbuild effort.
"It's exciting, and we love to see Ubuntu everywhere we can see it," Kirkland said. "The beauty of GE for us is that GE's business spans from toasters and microwaves to medical devices and jet engines and everything in between—the opportunity at GE is tremendous."
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at eWEEK and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist.
A word with four letters, many interpretations, and something that divides political parties. Free. Such a tiny word, yet it holds such great implications. What is free, then? It is defined many ways, such as: enjoying personal rights or liberty, independent, able to do something at will, to disengage or to clear, or without charge. But when you get down to it... is anything actually free?
Everyone has the right and opportunity to make decisions for themselves and to enjoy their personal rights or liberty. With that being said, it doesn't mean that people get to have a disengaged or clear paths without any charge. One of my favorite quotes, from Thomas Edison, is "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." If everyone is given a clear path without any obstacles, what does that teach? If everything was easy, wouldn't everyone do it? What would set me apart from others in life, on a résumé, in a career, as a woman, wife, future mother, and sister?
Something that has weighed heavily on my mind is the fact that most millennials are hoping, and voting, for free college tuition. What does free college tuition actually do for society as a whole, and not just for the individual? It may make a student debt free, but free tuition as a whole could "cost the United States $70 billion per year," according to Fox News. If you aren't paying for your classes, then who is? Where is that $70 billion coming from? Taxpayers.
If college becomes free, that means more people going to college. Which in theory sounds wonderful! Everyone should have the opportunity to go to school if they so desire. But I have always been told that if something sounds too good to be true then it probably is, and that is definitely the case with free college tuition. If more people go to college, the value of a college degree will decrease. A Huffington Post article in support of free college actually stated that a college education is essentially equivalent to a high school education of previous generations. Well if that is true, then what will the value of a degree be when even more people have it? It is simply the law of supply and demand. If a college degree is at the value of a high school diploma now, when it becomes free that would make it equivalent to, maybe, junior high.
Students would get a free bachelor's degree, but in order to set themselves apart, they would need to continue on with graduate school. Oh wait... students already have to do that! How would free college help the societal issue we are already facing of students graduating only to discover they have to do more school? Free tuition would only make this issue drastically worse.
Free things are usually things that no one wants, am I right? You get free koozies, free cheap sunglasses, free beach balls, free flyers and pamphlets, and you can find free, gross furniture on the sides of the road. These things are all things that people are trying to get rid of, hence why they are free. You don't walk into the mall to get a brand new Sony TV for free. You walk in there with your money in hand, money that you worked hard for, to purchase it. College is the same way. You can't just show up expecting something great without working in order to obtain it.
College is hard. Whether you are an art major, science major, economics major or education major, it doesn't matter. College is hard work. You spend endless nights studying and panicking and writing those term papers because you know those things determine your future. You work hard in college because it is important to you. You work hard because it isn't free. If college were free, students would become nonchalant about their work and their grades. If all those credits were free, students wouldn't worry about working hard for them because they can just get some more, right? I mean, when you break those cheap sunglasses, you don't stress because you can just go get some other ones.
I know people that are in debt because of their desire to go to college. They want the degree at the end because they want a better life for themselves and their families. What happens to that person when college becomes free? What happens to the debt they have already incurred while trying to take care of children, work a full-time job, and be a husband or wife? They worked for that degree, paid money for that degree, and you're telling me someone else can just come in who didn't put nearly as much time, effort, or money into their degree and get the same outcome. In the end, who do you think would be the better employee or boss, someone who worked hard and is proud of what they did, or someone that had it handed to them?
College isn't something that is nonchalant. If someone truly has a desire to go to school, then there are ways to make it happen. There are scholarships, federal financial aid if you qualify, internships, part-time jobs, even part-time and distance-learning degrees. The options are all there. At the same time, college shouldn't be something that is forced on people! If college becomes free, then everyone will feel obligated that they have to go due to the obstacles being removed from their paths. With more and more people going to college, what happens to the technical schools, the blue-collar jobs? If everyone is a doctor or a teacher, who is the plumber, the welder, the farmer, the mechanic? There is already such a negative connotation surrounding blue-collar, hardworking jobs, but in reality, these hardworking, undervalued people are who make the world go 'round! When something happens to my car, or my A/C, or my plumbing, I call someone who knows how to fix it. We don't need to make everyone think they have to have a college education to have a great job, a great payout, and a great life.
Forcing college on people and deeming it free to get more people with degrees not only hurts our society and economy, but it hurts individuals as well. If you believe in free college tuition, that is great! I'm sure you have your reasons, just as I have mine. Student debt has its own weight as well, but if a student picks a degree in a field that offers a great job market, scholarships, and opportunities for employment or graduate schooling then the debt wouldn't be such a hindrance.
I may not always like to work, but I do like overalls, and if together they are going to set me apart as an individual, then work is what I will do.
If there was any villain at the just-completed Conservative Political Action Conference, it was the generic figure of the Republican political consultant. Overpaid, unprincipled, always on the lookout for the next client — or easy mark — the consultants, to listen to a number of CPAC speakers, have helped bring the Republican Party to its current low state.
Democratic consultant Pat Caddell got the ball rolling with his remarks at a CPAC session entitled “Should We Shoot All the Consultants Now?” “The Republican Party,” Caddell said, “is in the grips of what I call the CLEC — the consultant, lobbyist, and establishment complex.” Top party and campaign officials join hands in schemes to walk away with millions of dollars — Caddell said it came close to criminal racketeering — while the GOP suffers at the polls.
“In my party we play to win,” the Democrat said. “We play for life and death. You people play for a different kind of agenda…Your party has no problem playing the Washington Generals to the Harlem Globetrotters.”
Caddell's critique was echoed by other speakers throughout the conference, and from the meeting's main podium, the consultant class took hit after hit. “Now is the time to furlough the consultants and tune out the pollsters!” said 2008 vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin. “Send the focus groups home and toss the political scripts because if we truly know what we believe, we don't need professionals to tell us!”
“We've had the establishment pick another loser for us,” conservative legend Phyllis Schlafly said, referring to Mitt Romney. “The establishment has given us a whole series of losers. Bob Dole and John McCain. Mitt Romney.”
The two non-candidates most mentioned in the consultant hall of shame were Karl Rove, the former Bush White House aide who has recently formed a group that he says will find more electable Republican candidates, and Stuart Stevens, the top adviser to the Romney campaign. Stevens, Pat Caddell said, “had as much business running a campaign as I do sprouting wings and flying out of this room.”
And on and on. So here is a question: Not to defend the pocket-lining practices of some consultants, but do the qualities of consultants, or do the qualities of candidates themselves, determine the fate of campaigns? What major failing of the Romney campaign, for example, can be laid solely, or even for the most part, at the feet of the consultants rather than the man who hired them?
And in a larger sense, did consultants create the weak 2012 GOP primary field? Did they cause Mitch Daniels not to run? Did they cause Rick Perry to implode? Were they behind Rick Santorum's dogged march to success, and then his self-destruction over contraception, Catholicism, and other cultural issues? Was any of that the work of a consultant?
Ask the same questions about 2008 and the McCain campaign. And in an even larger sense, did consultants cause the damage to the Republican — and conservative — cause that came from George W. Bush's eight years in office?
All of those developments were the exclusive creations of men who ran, or didn't run, for office, not the people they hired to manage their campaigns.
To take Stevens as an example — since he has been the target of a lot of criticism lately — look at the list of candidates whose campaigns he has worked on in the last 20 years, taken from his company's website:
Bush-Cheney (2000, 2004) Gov. Haley Barbour (MS) (2003, 2007) Sen. Rob Portman (OH) (2010) Attorney Gen. Bill Pryor (AL) (1998, 2002) Sen. Roy Blunt (MO) (2010) Gov. Chris Christie (NJ) (2009) Sen. Dan Coats (IN) (1990, 1992, 2010) Sen. John Cornyn (TX) Senate (2002) Attorney General (1998) Gov. Bob Riley (AL) (2006) Sen. Jon Kyl (AZ) (1994) Gov. Bob Ehrlich (MD) Congress (1994, 1996, 1998, 2000) Gov. Mary Fallin (OK) (2008, 2010) Sen. Chuck Grassley (IA) (1992, 1998) Sen. Johnny Isakson (GA) (2004, 2010) Gov. Bill Janklow (SD) Congress (1994, 1998) Cong. John Kasich (OH) (1994, 1998) Secretary of State Brian Kemp (GA) (2010) Cong. Rick Lazio (NY) (1996, 1998) Sen. Dick Lugar (IN) (1994, 2006) Sen. Mel Martinez (FL) (2004) Gov. Steve Merrill (NH) (1992) Gov. Tom Ridge (PA) (1994, 1998) Sen. Roger Wicker (MS) (2008)
Of course, Stevens worked for some losers — Bob Dole is the most prominent. And he worked for some winners who can't be called conservatives — Bill Weld and Charlie Crist are examples. But looking at the records, talents, and flaws of each of those candidates, including the solid conservatives, it's hard to claim that their fates were determined by a consultant. And of course, all had one thing in common: They chose to hire Stuart Stevens.
In the end, some of Stevens' clients significantly advanced the Republican and conservative cause. Some didn't. But their contributions were their own; their achievements came from inside themselves, and not their assistants.
So yes, Republicans should look at the way they run their campaigns, and who they hire doing the work. But in the long run, winning candidates win and losers lose, regardless of who the consultant is. A good candidate has deeply-felt beliefs that guide how he runs — and how he chooses and uses campaign help. At the moment, the Republican Party has far, far bigger problems than its consultant class.
First, this is an excellent-sounding show. Superb. I'm having a problem, however. I downloaded the flac files without issue. The conversion to WAV files appears to happen without a hitch (using Foobar 2000). However, Windows does not recognize the newly created WAV files' format. I've downloaded countless shows and this is the first time I've encountered this. What's up with this?
favorite favorite favorite
Are still the two finest recordings I have ever heard in 44 years of listening to Grateful Dead concerts.
They are not only great audience recordings for concert, but they are better recordings than what the GD did in the studio, or what they captured live with 16 or 24 multitrack.
The sound on these recordings is very accurate and is closer in tone and quality to an exact representation of what it actually sounds like when you're standing there in the pocket of the vortex of the venue's sound.
Perhaps why this sounds so good is because it was recorded outdoors and Rango located the perfect spot and the temperature and humidity were also perfect. He nailed these two shows under ideal conditions.
5 stars does not do the rating justice. It is more like 25 stars.
Oh, and the band played well both days, too, which helps.
- November 27, 2009This Show And The Next Day's
A fascinating article on why social psychology needs more political diversity is due to be published in Behavioral and Brain Sciences. Sadly the full article is locked behind a paywall but the abstract gives an excellent summary of the article and the wider problem itself.
Political Diversity Will Improve Social Psychological Science. Duarte JL, Crawford JT, Stern C, Haidt J, Jussim L, Tetlock PE.
Behav Brain Sci. 2014 Jul 18:1-54. [Epub ahead of print] Psychologists have demonstrated the value of diversity-particularly diversity of viewpoints-for enhancing creativity, discovery, and problem-solving. But one key type of viewpoint diversity is lacking in academic psychology in general and social psychology in particular: political diversity. This article reviews the available evidence and finds support for four claims: 1) Academic psychology once had considerable political diversity, but has lost nearly all of it in the last 50 years; 2) This lack of political diversity can undermine the validity of social psychological science via mechanisms such as the embedding of liberal values into research questions and methods, steering researchers away from important but politically unpalatable research topics, and producing conclusions that mischaracterize liberals and conservatives alike; 3) Increased political diversity would improve social psychological science by reducing the impact of bias mechanisms such as confirmation bias, and by empowering dissenting minorities to improve the quality of the majority's thinking; and 4) The underrepresentation of non-liberals in social psychology is most likely due to a combination of self-selection, hostile climate, and discrimination. We close with recommendations for increasing political diversity in social psychology.
As the article notes there is considerable evidence that social diversity is beneficial on many levels for numerous types of social groups.
This is widely believed in social science and community work except when it comes to political opinion where many believe that non-liberal views are incompatible with this type of work, when clearly they are not. This affects the field to the point where people are seemingly prepared to actively discriminate against non-liberals.
The defence of diversity matters most when you are defending the inclusion of people with whom you disagree or who make you uncomfortable. And we will all be better off as a result.
Link to PubMed entry for article.
Following up on yesterday's blog about octopus merges, @emmajanehw was pondering how you could 'unmerge' an octopus merge if one or more of the branches turned out to be bad:
@kannonboy @jshawl …. And how would you unmerge one of the branches if you needed to? — emma jane (@emmajanehw) January 16, 2015
It turned out to be a pretty interesting question, so I thought a'd write a short article talking about what I found. However, before we look at a couple of ways you can revert an octopus merge, you should know that reverting a merge isn't always the best idea:
Reverting a merge commit declares that you will never want the tree changes brought in by the merge. As a result, later merges will only bring in tree changes introduced by commits that are not ancestors of the previously reverted merge. This may or may not be what you want.
Basically, if you later decide that you do want to merge that branch in again, the fact that the commits that were reverted are still in the history of the target branch means that only changes from commits created since the revert will be included in the merge commit.
With that in mind, let's look at the options. For these examples, I'm going to use a simple repository containing an octopus merge commit with eight parents (of course):
If you want to follow along with the test repository, clone it and run git reset 383804b --hard after each of the example commands below to reset the master branch to its inital state.
Option 1: Reset your branch
If you want to get your repository back into the state that it was before the merge occured and you haven't pushed the merge commit to the server, the simplest option is to reset the branch. Since the first parent of a merge commit is the branch that you ran the merge command on, you can reset by looking up the the SHA of the merge commit ( 383804b in our example repository) and running:
$ git reset 383804b~1 --hard
Resetting is effectively rewriting the history of your branch, which is typically not a good idea if your merge commit has already been pushed to the server. Even if you haven't pushed, this method will remove all commits after the octopus merge was introduced, which might not be what you want either.
So next let's look at how to revert an octopus merge without rewriting history.
Option 2: Revert the merge
Git doesn't know or make any assumptions about which parent of a merge commit a particular branch used to point to. To fully revert an octopus merge, you have to specify which parent was the "mainline" commit: that is, the commit that contains the changes you want to keep around after the revert.
The first parent of the merge commit is the tip of the branch that you ran the merge command from. If that's the commit you want to revert back to (it usually is) you can simply look up the SHA of the merge commit and then revert all changes relative to it's first parent using:
$ git revert -m 1 383804b
-m refers to the position of the parent commit in the merge commit's list of parents. This is pretty awkward - I'm not sure idea why the developer didn't elect to just accept a SHA - but the position can be obtained from the list of parents output from git log .
$ git log -1 commit 383804b906f390bef358b165786cfcedb73a16a6 Merge: c81554d ed85c6d 27d6071 a9742aa fabdf39 002ec65 dbb4797 e583d84 7a64908
For example, if we wanted to keep the history of fabdf39 (the tip of the branch leg-4 from our example repository) we'd need to use -m 5 as it's the fifth parent in the list:
$ git revert -m 5 383804b
In both of these cases, we're reverting all of the changes introduced by a merge commit except the original branch. Next, let's look at what we need to do to remove the changes introduced by one particular branch in an octopus merge, leaving the changes intact.
Option 3: Reverting the changes introduced by a single branch
There's no simple command that reverts the changes introduced by a single parent of an octopus merge. However, the git-revert command does let you specify a range of commits to revert. So to revert a branch, all we need to do is find a way of expressing the commits on that branch as a range.
If we wanted to find the range of commits introduced by leg-3 in our example repository, we could simply compare it against leg-1 :
$ git log --oneline leg-1..leg-3 a9742aa Leg 3 commit 3 abb3812 Leg 3 commit 2 e871ea5 Leg 3 commit 1
(If you're following along, you'll need to checkout leg-1 and leg-3 locally or prefix the branch names with origin/ for the command above to work)
We can pass the same commit range to git-revert to indicate that these are the changes we want to revert:
$ git revert -n leg-1..leg-3
Note that I'm not passing the -m flag that we used earlier, as we're manually specifying which commits to revert, rather than asking Git to figure it out for us.
We are passing the -n flag though. This makes Git apply the revert to the current index, but prevents it from actually commiting the changes. We have to manually commit the revert ourselves:
$ git commit -m "Reverting changes introduced by leg-3 at 383804b"
If you don't pass -n , Git will create a separate revert commit for every single commit that was introduced on the branch that you're reverting, which is probably a little excessive.
Thanks for reading! If you have any further questions about reseting, reverting or octoups merging feel free to hit me up on Twitter (I'm @kannonboy).
It comes as no surprise to New Jerseyans that most of the world looks down on if not downright despises us.
They hate our wine, too.
A Duke professor has found that wine drinkers instinctively downgraded Jersey wines when told they were made in the Garden State, even though those same wine drinkers couldn't tell the difference between Jersey and California wines in a blind taste test.
A study by Duke professor Robert H. Ashton found that when wine is believed to be from New Jersey, it receives "lower enjoyment ratings'' than when the identical wine is believed to be from California — regardless whether the wine is actually from New Jersey or California.
The report, in the current issue of the Journal of Wine Economics, points up the influence of expectations on the sensory perception of wines — and food and drink in general.
"The contention that wine consumers will downgrade wines they believe to be from New Jersey relative to wines they believe to be from more familiar wine-producing locations such as California takes as given that consumers expect New Jersey wines will not be enjoyable, a notion that seems uncontroversial,'' says Ashton, who teaches at The Fuqua School of Business at Duke.
Jersey wine producers and lovers will certainly disagree with that, but Ashton, interviewed over the phone, said he came away impressed with Jersey wine in the three studies he has done.
The report, he said, "is very favorable to New Jersey wine producers,'' despite its title.
That comes from a participant in one study who, when blind-tasting four California and two Jersey wines, said, before being told which ones were which, "Nothing good ever came from New Jersey.''
John Cifelli, executive director of the Garden State Wine Growers Association, said he was "very angry'' when he saw the title, but once he read the report he came away heartened by its findings, even if Jersey wineries face a major challenge in winning peoples' hearts, minds and wallets.
"It's one thing to raise the quality of wine, but now that's not enough,'' Cifelli said. "You have to raise the perception of the quality of the wine.''
Making fun of New Jersey, he added, has become "a multigenerational running joke that seems to go on and on.''
Ashton's study was inspired by a 2012 wine testing in Princeton with French and New Jersey wines. While the top-scoring red and white wines were both from France, a Jersey white, from Unionville Vineyards, placed second in the category, while a Jersey red, from Heritage Vineyards, placed third in reds.
When asked why they didn't like the wines perceived to be from New Jersey, participants in Ashton's study used such terms as"'weaker,'' "bitter,'' "sour" and "duller'' — words used to describe California wines "as often'' as they were used to describing Jersey wines.
The Journal of Wine Economics is a thrice-annual periodical devoted to "high quality, peer reviewed research on economic topics related to wine,'' according to its web site. It is owned by the American Association of Wine Economists and published by Cambridge University Press.
A total of 42 Jersey wineries belong to the Garden State Wine Growers Association. Another six wineries located in the state are not members. Three wineries are expected to open in the next six months in New Jersey, according to Cifelli.
Peter Genovese may be reached at pgenovese@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter at @PeteGenovese or via The Munchmobile @NJ_Munchmobile. Find the Munchmobile on Facebook and on Instagram.
Guest essay by Viv Forbes
No doubt we will hear how the current heatwaves in Australia are “unprecedented” and evidence of dangerous man-made global warming.
They are neither “global” nor “unprecedented”.
In the great heatwave of 1896, with nearly 200 deaths, the temperature at Bourke did not fall below 45.6 degC for six weeks, and the maximum was 53.3 degC. Bushfires raged throughout NSW and 66 people perished in the heat.
In 1897, Perth had an 18 day heatwave with a record of 43.3 degC. Other heatwaves were reported at Winton, 1891, Melbourne 1892, Boulia 1901, Sydney 1903, Perth 1906 and so on.
Why don't we hear of these severe heatwaves from the past? Simple – the government Bureau of Meteorology conveniently ignores all temperature records before 1910.
However, that does not excuse our media for neglecting the written records such as these preserved in newspapers of the past.
Could it be that both the BOM and some of the media are still trying to preserve the ailing global warming scare?
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
UPDATE: As of Monday, October 13, the video has been restored to YouTube. The Courier-Journal's executive editor announced on Twitter that the paper has retracted its block.
Like clockwork, another news organization is abusing the Digital Millennium Copyright Act's hair-trigger take down process to stifle political commentary just when that commentary is most timely. This time it's Gannett Co. Inc., a massive media conglomerate that owns, among many other publications, the Courier-Journal in Kentucky. The Courier-Journal's editorial board interviewed a Democratic candidate for Senate, Alison Lundergan Grimes, and streamed the interview live. That stream included 40 uncomfortable seconds of the candidate trying desperately to avoid admitting she voted for President Obama (the president is none too popular in Kentucky). A critic posted the video clip online—and Gannett promptly took it down.
Of course, the group that posted the clip can counter-notice, but that's not a satisfactory solution with an election less than a month away. Under the DMCA's counter-notice procedure, YouTube has to give Gannett two weeks to respond before it can restore the video without losing the protection of the DMCA safe harbors.
This is just shameful. As a news organization, Gannett should surely know that posting was a non-infringing fair use. It was used for a transformative political purpose, the original work was highly factual, and the poster took the amount needed to accomplish that purpose (part of the point was to show the candidate extended efforts to avoid answering—a shorter clip might not have managed that). If the rest of the interview was utterly uninteresting, Gannett might be thinking that the clip was the “heart of the work,” but that is not enough to tip the balance away from fair use.
What's even more appalling is that it happens pretty regularly. News organizations rely on fair use every day to do their work. Yet they have repeatedly used the DMCA to target political ads and criticism where they involve news clips, no matter how obvious the fair use. It's past time for media organizations like Gannett to wise up and start defending free speech, rather than taking it down. Gannett can start by withdrawing its claim immediately. (see UPDATE, above)
Alternatively, this is one instance where YouTube might choose to stand up for its users, and free speech, and restore the video on its own. It has done so in the past, and this is surely an appropriate time to do so again. Whatever one's views on the election itself, the video is timely political expression—a classic fair use—and it should be available to voters.
The Supreme Court today quashed the acquisition of 1000 acres of land in Singur by West Bengal's Left Front government in 2006 for Tata's Nano project concluding that it was “illegal” and proceeded ahead in “violation of law”.
Civil rights organizations, several of them backed by present chief minister Mamata Banerjee, had moved the apex court challenging the acquisition. The court was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the quashing of Singur Land Acquisition Act brought in by the Mamata government by the Calcutta high court. Mamata government also became a petitioner later challenging quashing of the Act.
A bench of justice V Gopala Gowda and justice Arun Mishra while pronouncing the judgment directed that the land be given back to farmers in 12 weeks. Though the Judges agreed on conclusion, differed on the question whether the land acquisition was for public purpose or not . Justice Gowda, held that the acquisition of land by taking it away from the farmers cultivating it cannot be said as a "public purpose", but Justice Mishra held that the acquisition was ultimately for the public purpose.
Significantly the bench ruled that the farmers who got compensation from the government need not have to return it because “they were deprived of their livelihood for the last 10 years”.
Within two years of getting the land, that is in 2008, Tata had moved the operations to Gujarat following violent protests by Mamata Banerjee's TMC. After coming to power she had reacquired the land “wrongly acquired from the farmers”.
“Land acquisition collector has not properly conducted the inquiry into the complaints of cultivators with regard to acquisition of plots”, the bench said and added that the “acquisition of land by the State for a company does not fall under the purview of public purpose”
The bench had clearly made its mind clear on May 5 when it reserved the order in the case questioning the manner in which the land was allotted to Tata Motors “without adhering to the section 4 and 5 of the Land Acquisition Act which mandate public notice for receiving objections.
LAW "BULLDOZED"
The bench noted that the entire exercise was done by "bulldozing the law" as the then Cabinet suo motu cleared the allocation of the land identified by the automobile major which was the task of the government of the day.
The bench had said it was a farcical exercise through which the land was allocated and it was "legally malafide".
It said there were several grey areas which needed to be answered and the company has to first address those questions.
The state government was actively supporting the petitioner in the SC against the high court order which had struck down the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act 2011 that allowed it to reclaim the 1000 acres of land given to Tata Motors.
SC had repeatedly told senior lawyers who had appeared for the company "You cannot argue that they (farmers) have accepted the award so they cannot challenge the acquisition. This case is under different footing and there are several issues which needs to be answered."
Image from here.
Read the Judgment here.
A good way to avoid some of the pitfalls of time in computer software is to be explicit about timezones and to use a library that can handle timezones.
If your software is only used in a single timezone, you might think that timezones are not necessary to think about. But being aware of the timezone is necessary in more situations than what most people assume.
If both of these statements are true you probably need to use a timezone aware date-time library:
You need to validate a datetime that is not UTC
That non-UTC datetime is from a location that observes Daylight Saving Time (DST). For instance most of Europe and North America.
If you make software that only operates in a single timezone do you really need a timezone library? Most likely. If that timezone observes Daylight Saving Time it is very hard to validate any given point in time without it. To validate a datetime for a place that observes DST your code has to take DST into account.
The timezone aware datetime library is not just there to compare one timezone to another. It also knows about when DST happens in any timezone.
The following happens in countries that observe DST: In the spring, an hour (usually) is skipped when the clocks are set forward. That hour simply does not exist in “wall time”. So if your end users work with their local time and you want to make sure if the time they entered is valid, it is not enough to simply check if it is between 00:00:00 and 23:59:59.
02:30:00 on March 30th 2014 might be a valid time, but in some timezones it is not. With a timezone aware timezone library you can validate that.
Here is an example of doing that in Calendar, an Elixir date time library I designed. A “wall time” can be valid in one timezone but not in another:
DateTime . from_erl {{ 2014 , 3 , 30 }, { 2 , 30 , 00 }}, " Europe/London" { :ok , % Calendar . DateTime { day: 30 , hour: 2 , min: 30 , timezone: " Europe/London" ... }} DateTime . from_erl {{ 2014 , 3 , 30 }, { 2 , 30 , 00 }}, " Europe/Copenhagen" { :error , :invalid_datetime_for_timezone }
Furthermore if the entered date and time is during a switch off of DST - usually in the autumn - the time will be ambiguous. So if you need to compare the entered datetime to other datetimes, you need to ask the user if it the entered datetime was before or after the clocks were set back.
DateTime . from_erl {{ 2014 , 10 , 26 }, { 2 , 30 , 00 }}, " Europe/Copenhagen" { :ambiguous , % Calendar . AmbiguousDateTime { possible_date_times: [% Calendar . DateTime { abbr: " CEST" , std_off: 3600 , ... }, % Calendar . DateTime { abbr: " CET" , std_off: 0 , ... } ]}}
UTC and the user time zone
Even if all of the users of a system are in the same timezone, you probably want your server software to work with UTC. UTC does not have the ambiguity that other timezones have. If a user has entered a future datetime and wants to be alerted an hour before, you can compare the server time to the entered datetime and then issue an alert one hour before. But in order to compare UTC to the entered datetime, you need to know what the timezone is. And by timezone I do not mean simply an integer with the UTC offset on a certain date. Because UTC offsets can change. You want a timezone name from the tz database such as America/New_York .
Imagine that a user enters two datetimes: 2014 March 30, 01:00:00 and 2014 March 30, 04:00:00 . You need to find out how much time there is between the two. Usually the difference would be exactly three hours. But for some timezones, the “spring forward” event, where the clocks are set forward one hour, took place between those two datetimes. For those zones the difference between the two datetimes is two hours, not three. That is quite a big difference.
So if your users, like most people, do not have their watch set to UTC, you would need to know which timezone the entered times belong to in order to do that calculation correctly.
Again, there are timezone libraries that can handle that.
iex > at_four = DateTime . from_erl! ({{ 2014 , 3 , 30 },{ 4 , 00 , 00 }}, " Europe/Stockholm" ) iex > at_one = DateTime . from_erl! ({{ 2014 , 3 , 30 },{ 1 , 00 , 00 }}, " Europe/Stockholm" ) iex > DateTime . diff ( at_four , at_one ) { :ok , 7200 , 0 } # 7200 seconds is two hours in this case
In that example you do not really have to check if the timezone uses DST, and if so when it switches back and forth from DST. All you have to do is input the “wall time” and the timezone. The library will handle the rest.
Adding another timezone
So far the examples have that timezone awareness is necessary even if you have just one user that only uses one timezone. If you suddenly need your software to be used by people in more than one timezone, it is of course easier if your software has already taken timezones into account.
Timezone aware as the default
When I made Calendar, I made sure that the API was designed with timezone awareness as the default.
If you have a datetime and do not explicitly tell the library which timezone it belongs to, you cannot create a valid DateTime struct.
So you have to either provide a valid timezone name or use another module called NaiveDateTime . Naïve - it sounds a bit less confidence inspiring than just DateTime does it not? And it takes longer to type. That is on purpose. My hope is that the name alone makes people think twice before using it over DateTime . There are a few cases where you can get away with ignoring timezones and DST, but you really have to be sure you know what you are doing.
Working with date and time is not easy, but it is not all rocket science either. It is not a secret that DST means that hours are skipped and repeated. Programmers can ignore it and live with the consequences. Or use a library that can handle it.
100 Thieves is working on deals to secure to top laner Kim "ssumday" Chan-ho and jungler William "Meteos" Hartman, sources close to the players and team told ESPN.
Editor's Picks The 2017-2018 League of Legends Roster Shuffle season is upon us. Keep track of all the big moves in League of Legends on our roster shuffle page.
If completed, ssumday and Meteos will join Yoo "Ryu" Sang-wook as the second and third members of the 100 Thieves League of Legends lineup. The team completed a deal for Ryu on Tuesday, sources said. 100 Thieves did not respond to a request for comment.
Ssumday will also occupy the second import slot on the team's lineup, as regulated by the Riot Games interregional movement policy. That means the team will have to recruit a North American bottom laner to complete its roster.
Heading the lineup will be team founder and CEO Matthew "Nadeshot" Haag and head coach Neil "Pr0lly" Hammad, as well as several other businessmen from Dan Gilbert's venture capital firms.
100 Thieves gained entry into the North American League of Legends Championship Series in October. The team was majority acquired by Cleveland Cavaliers owner Gilbert and his firms over the summer.
Staff writer
JOHANNESBURG — Another skeleton has rolled out the Zupta cupboard.
The Daily Maverick on Tuesday revealed that an Israeli-based, online reputation management company called Veribo had been hired by UK PR firm Bell Pottinger to assist with their (now former) Gupta clients.
Veribo's CEO, Ran Blayer, confirmed to Daily Maverick that his company had done work in connection with the Guptas but that they terminated their work earlier this year.
Blayer told the publication that his company regrets ever doing work for the Guptas after his firm read more about the Guptas and what has been “going on in South Africa”.
Blayer further denied that his firm helped to create the infamous Zupta bots on Twitter who regurgitated tweets that defended the Guptas and attacked journalists.
Instead, he said his company uploads content and uses publishing tools such as online ads to “share positive information”.
“This over time helps improve positive search engine results which is our key goal for any customer,” Blayer said.
Pro-Oakbay ads
Pro-Oakbay ads have previously routinely found their way onto platforms such as Twitter. The ads would typically provide links to positive information about the embattled Guptas and their businesses in South Africa.
Amid former Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan's court battle with the Guptas over the cancellation of their bank accounts in South Africa, several anti-Gordhan ads also made their way onto the likes of Google and Twitter earlier this year.
It's unclear if Veribo's company was involved with these pro-Oakbay and pro-Gupta Google Ads that sprung up across the internet earlier this year and last year.
But Veribo is a rather interesting company as its website openly describes how it assists clients by essentially pushing down negative search results on Google and raising positive ones.
And with Bell Pottinger increasingly coming under the spotlight and with a probe being undertaken by the UK's Public Relations and Communications Association, it looks like Veribo may have some interesting information to reveal.
Why Veribo is only revealing this information now about its partnership with Bell Pottinger and the Guptas will spark lots of speculation.
But as we've done with many other companies caught in the Gupta web, we're going to shine a spotlight on Veribo by publishing the below profile on the company. This information is sourced from Veribo's website and, as Pravin Gordhan famously said, we as South Africans should start “joining the dots”.
Who is Veribo?
Veribo has headquarters in Tel Aviv, Israel while the company also has an office in London. (Bell Pottinger, conveniently, also has its headquarters in London.)
In 2014, Veribo also opened up an office in Cape Town.
At the time that Veribo expanded into Cape Town, the company's CEO, Mr Blayer, said that “there is an undeniable hunger in South Africa for more technology in the Online Reputation Management realm.”
However, it's not clear if Veribo's Cape Town operation is still ongoing as there is no Cape Town contact number on the current Veribo website.
Veribo, in many ways, is also not shy in disclosing its business practices on its website. The company may have ultimately shunned the Guptas but it's clear to see why the controversial family and Bell Pottinger would have been attracted to Veribo's services as outlined below…
#BellPottinger profited from the #Gupta campaign. They should at their own cost have to run a new campaign aimed at undoing harm caused — Laurie Pieters-James (@LauriePieters) July 25, 2017
All about Veribo's services
On its ‘Services' page, Veribo describes how it adopts a “360° Approach” by building “quality sites that draw in visitors”, promoting “positive articles about you or your company on third-party websites”, managing Wikipedia entries, and even improving how you appear in Google's Autocomplete.
On this point, in particular, Veribo says the following on its website:
“The first impression of your online image starts when someone enters your name in the search box of a search engine. The words that are automatically provided when typing in a search query can be controversial or libelous.”
In terms of Veribo's online reputation management services for companies and individuals, it further advertises the following on its website:
“We create and promote positive results so that people who search your name will see the right information about you. “We maximise your control over the first search results so that unwanted results don't show up in the front pages. “We push down negative results and raise positive ones.
Veribo's website further goes on to describe how they tackle their work.
The company says, under its FAQ section, that it works with clients on an “on-going retainer basis” and that “projects can range from a couple of months to years depending on the popularity and source of the unwanted results”.
After reviewing your specific ORM needs, the company will be able to give a reasonable time frame and discuss this with you.
It's a relief to hear that #BLF's Mngxitama was briefed, commissioned & paid by #BellPottinger. Nobody could be that stupid for free — Jack Devnarain (@JackD157) July 24, 2017
“The challenge is to create content and websites that will outrank existing content, and blend-in naturally in your search results' page,” says Veribo's site.
In its FAQ section, the company also explains a little as to how it pushes down negative results.
“The best way to push down negative results is by promoting positive or neutral ones. When we start your project, we'll choose together the type of results you prefer. Then we'll create new, relevant, high-quality content – and use our special tools and methodologies to promote it along with existing content you already like. Your personal reputation analyst will help you choose the image you want to portray and then build it for you.”
Veribo's website gets more interesting as one dives further into it with two case studies that it presents.
With one case study in particular, the company highlights how it went about tackling the online reputation of a “highly successful CEO in a multinational investment bank” who, during his tenure, was “involved in a high profile court case in which he was called in as a witness”.
Veribo said that despite the fact that the court case occurred nearly six years ago, two news articles about it still appear in the search results for this person's name and were the first thing people saw when looking him up online.”
.@MmusiMaimane has written to companies who procure the services of #BellPottinger urging them to terminate their relationship #DAFedEx — Democratic Alliance (@Our_DA) July 29, 2017
After implementing its strategy, the outcome of Veribo's work was that the articles in question fell further down the Google rankings.
“On the first page of Google, all of the search results are either positive or neutral. The client now has platforms for discussing topics close to his heart: the philanthropic causes he donates his time and money to and the hobbies he loves. The news articles about the court case have been pushed back in the search results.”
While Veribo has tried to distance itself from Bell Pottinger's Gupta work, there are still lots of unanswered questions around how far they went for the controversial Indian immigrant family.
What is clear is that Veribo promises a lot on their website and they would have been sought after by the Guptas whose reputation (online and offline) has, rightfully, been torn to shreds.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com) — A Southern California lawmaker is pushing legislation to require drone owners to purchase insurance policies for their vehicle.
Assemblyman Mike Gatto this week introduced the Drone Registration/Omnibus Negligence-prevention Enactment (DRONE) Act of 2016, which would hold owners responsible for registering and obtaining physical or electronic “license plates” for drones.
“If cars have license plates and insurance, drones should have the equivalent, so they can be properly identified, and owners can be held financially responsible, whenever injuries, interference, or property damage occurs,” Gatto said.
The bill would also require “inexpensive” insurance policies to be bought at the point of sale – which, according to Gatto, would be about a dollar “or so” – similar to how the California Redemption Value (CRV) tax is collected with the purchase of bottles and cans.
Under the DRONE Act, all drones would be required to be equipped with GPS capability and automatic shut-off technology that would activate upon any drone's approach to an airport – a technology that Gatto says already exists and is “critical to protecting commercial passenger flights.”
Gatto, who serves as the chairman of the Assembly's Utilities & Commerce Committee, said several incidents in 2015 involving drones have demonstrated that lawmakers must prepare for “the reality that hundreds of thousands of plastic and metal vehicles will be overhead in the years to come.”
“One could imagine the auto industry balking at the idea of registration requirements at the turn-of-the-century, but the industry survived,” explained Gatto. “As technology evolves, so must our laws in order to protect our citizenry. This is a sensible measure that will increase public safety and encourage responsible use of drones in California.”
Gatto represents the 43rd District, which includes the cities of Los Angeles, Glendale and Burbank.
Drone Legislation Would Require Owners To Buy Insurance, Get UAV ‘License Plates'
Courtesy drawing
D.C. United forward Chris Rolfe (18) steals the ball from FC Dallas defender/midfielder Kellyn Acosta during the first half of their game Saturday, July 18, 2015 at Toyota Stadium in Frisco, Texas. (G.J. McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO -- The future of American soccer was on display here last week.
Few knew -- but many, many cared.
U.S. Soccer Development Academy conducted the group stage of its playoffs for the under-16s and under-18s at the FC Dallas facility. There also was a series of showcase games for younger players and younger teams. In all, 196 teams and more than 3,600 players competed on the 17 fields at the Frisco facility over the past seven days.
But there were no admission fees, no concessions, no rosters to identify the names and numbers of the players and very limited seating. But there were crowds for the games pumped up beyond the usual smattering of family and friends -- pumped up by those who evaluate and scout soccer talent for a living, particularly those at the college level.
I bumped into Jeremy Gunn, the head coach of NCAA champion Stanford, at the Friday night games. He's a big fan of these soccer academies. Every MLS franchise has one, and every MLS franchise sent teams. Other academies also participated, including IMG, the Texas Rush and Shattuck-St. Mary's.
"This is where the best young players in this country are playing," explained Gunn as to why he left the cooler climate of Northern California to spend a July week in the Texas heat. "There are an awful lot of great young soccer players playing for the different academy teams across the country. Academy soccer has been the highest level of youth soccer in this country in recent years. As a result, the talent pool is fantastic."
Gunn estimates that 80 percent of his Stanford team is annually comprised of academy products. He came to Texas to restock.
"This is our job," Gunn said. "This is what we do. We get to watch young soccer players. Some of them might be destined for the national team. Some might be destined to become professionals. But a massive majority of them are destined to go to college. That's why you see so many coaches here recruiting."
Indeed. There were 306 coaches, including 113 head coaches, representing 200 college teams walking the grounds of the FC Dallas complex over the last week. There are 201 NCAA Division I programs, and 134 were represented at these playoffs. Among the 239 Division I coaches in attendance were 67 head coaches.
Stanford was joined in the NCAA Final Four in December by Akron, Syracuse and Clemson. Akron and Syracuse also sent their head coaches to Frisco. Clemson sent its associate head coach. Boston College, Creighton, Maryland and Wake Forest all reached the Final Eight of the 2015 NCAA soccer championships. Creighton and Maryland also sent their head coaches to Frisco. Boston College and Wake Forest sent assistants.
Colleges are limited to a maximum of three coaches for this event. There's a lot of ground to cover, given that there are 297 games over the seven-day event with as many as 16 games going on at any one time. Gunn brought his two assistants along with him.
And he wasn't alone.
Twenty-nine teams used up their full coaching allotment for this event. Yale out of the Ivy League sent three coaches, as did Michigan, Michigan State, Ohio State and Notre Dame out of the Midwest and Syracuse, Virginia Tech and West Virginia out of the East. Denver, Duquesne, Hartford, High Point, Holy Cross, Lehigh and Marist were among the smaller programs that sent three coaches apiece.
There were 19 coaches from Division II schools, 35 more from Division III schools, another five from NAIA schools and seven from junior colleges.
"Everybody comes," said Brent Erwin, the former SMU coach now at Grand Canyon. "You can theoretically say that 80 percent of the top players in the United States in these age groups are here. Even if you're looking for that second-tier player, they're here too. This is the clearinghouse. It's the place to be."
But this was more than a college showcase. Steve Birnbaum played in this tournament. He's now with D.C. United. Darlington Nagbe and Gyasi Zardes also played in this event. Nagbe is with the Portland Timbers and Zardes the LA Galaxy. FC Dallas has five homegrown players from its academy on the current roster, including Kellyn Acosta and Victor Ulloa, who played in this tournament.
That's why Brad Friedel was in attendance. He's the coach of the U.S. U-19 team. He's on the lookout for the best of the best -- and he knew he could find them in Frisco. There also were pro scouts from Mexico and a handful of South American countries.
"There are more and more kids playing in the MLS and more and more kids playing for the U.S. national team that have come through these events," said Chris Hayden, the vice president of FC Dallas Youth. "This type of event is more and more relevant as a continuing education stage for young players.
"You may not know who they are now, but in five years if you looked back, yeah, there are going to be some key players [from this tournament] on the U.S. national team."
Listen to Rick Gosselin at 10:50 a.m. Tuesdays on Sportsradio 1310 AM/96.7 FM The Ticket with Norm Hitzges and Donovan Lewis.
Twitter: @RickGosselinDMN
Szuhsiung Ho, aka Allen Ho, 66, a naturalized U.S. citizen born in Taiwan, was sentenced today to 24 months in prison and one year of supervised release. Ho was also ordered to pay a $20,000 fine. The defendant pleaded guilty in January 2017 to conspiracy to unlawfully engage or participate in the production or development of special nuclear material outside the U.S., without the required authorization from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), in violation of the Atomic Energy Act.
Acting Assistant Attorney General for National Security Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney Nancy Stallard Harr of the Eastern District of Tennessee and Special Agent in Charge Renae McDermott of the FBI's Knoxville Field Division made the announcement.
“Today, Allen Ho is being held accountable for enlisting U.S.-based nuclear experts to provide assistance in developing and producing special nuclear material in China for a Chinese state-owned nuclear power company. He did so without the required authorization from the U.S. Department of Energy,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General Boente. “Prosecuting those who unlawfully facilitate the acquisition of sensitive nuclear technology by foreign nations continues to be a top priority of the National Security Division.”
“The U.S. Attorney's office is committed to working to ensure that sensitive and controlled technology is not illegally obtained and exported from the United States,” said U.S. Attorney Harr. “Violations of our export control laws will be aggressively prosecuted in the Eastern District of Tennessee.”
“Theft of our nuclear technology by foreign adversaries is of paramount concern to the FBI. Along with our local, state and federal partners, we will aggressively investigate those who seek to steal our technology for the benefit of foreign governments,” said Special Agent in Charge McDermott.
An April 2016 indictment charged Ho; China General Nuclear Power Company (CGNPC), the largest nuclear power company in China and Energy Technology International (ETI), a Delaware corporation with these offenses. At the time of his indictment, Ho was a nuclear engineer, employed as a consultant by CGNPC and was also the owner of ETI. CGNPC specialized in the development and manufacture of nuclear reactors and was controlled by China's State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
According to documents filed in the case, beginning in 1997 and continuing through April 2016, Ho conspired with others to engage or participate in the development or production of special nuclear material in China, without specific authorization to do so from the U.S. Secretary of Energy, as required by law. He assisted CGNPC in procuring U.S.-based nuclear engineers to assist CGNPC and its subsidiaries with designing and manufacturing certain components for nuclear reactors more quickly by reducing the time and financial costs of research and development of nuclear technology. In particular, Ho sought technical assistance related to CGNPC's Small Modular Reactor Program; CGNPC's Advanced Fuel Assembly Program; CGNPC's Fixed In-Core Detector System; and verification and validation of nuclear reactor-related computer codes.
Under the direction of CGNPC, Ho also identified, recruited and executed contracts with U.S.-based experts from the civil nuclear industry who provided technical assistance related to the development and production of special nuclear material for CGNPC in China. Ho and CGNPC also facilitated the travel to China and payments to the U.S.-based experts in exchange for their services.
This case was investigated by the FBI, Tennessee Valley Authority-Office of the Inspector General, DOE-National Nuclear Security Administration and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations, with assistance from other agencies. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Charles E. Atchley Jr. and Bart Slabbekorn of the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Trial Attorney Casey T. Arrowood of the Counterintelligence and Export Control Section and Attorney Jeffrey M. Smith of the Appellate Unit in the National Security Division prosecuted this case.
MERKLEY, WYDEN, BONAMICI, DEFAZIO, SCHRADER REINTRODUCE BIPARTISAN TIMBER INNOVATION ACT
The bill supports rural economies and sustainable building
WASHINGTON, D.C. — Oregon's Senators Jeff Merkley and Ron Wyden, along with Oregon's Representatives Suzanne Bonamici, Peter DeFazio and Kurt Schrader, have joined Senate and House colleagues in introducing the bipartisan Timber Innovation Act, which aims to find new and innovative uses for wood as building material.
“Oregon's rural economy depends upon innovative thinking around the challenges and opportunities facing our timber mills and manufacturing businesses,” Senator Jeff Merkley said. “Oregon has a powerful opportunity to be a leader in cross-laminated timber and mass plywood panels. This legislation supports our rural economy, while also promoting lower-carbon, more sustainable tall wood building construction in urban Oregon.”
“This bill represents the can-do Oregon way by focusing on creative solutions that can generate jobs throughout our state in timber, manufacturing and construction,” Senator Ron Wyden said. “Oregonians should be justifiably proud of pioneering the path toward a more sustainable future that includes the use of wood in building materials.”
“Harnessing the potential of timber is a win-win-win for Oregonians,” Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici said. “Our first-class research institutions and scientists are leading the way toward a greener and more robust economy. Rural communities have the opportunity to generate more jobs and value from their natural resources. And Oregonians benefit from low-carbon, more sustainable construction materials that create beautiful buildings. I am proud to champion innovative timber products and will continue to look for ways to grow this exciting new industry.”
“I'm proud Oregon has led the charge in the research, development and production of advanced wood products,” Congressman Peter DeFazio said. “Investment in innovation in our region's timber industry will create high-paying jobs for Oregonians both today and for generations to come.”
“The timber industry creates good paying jobs for more than one million people across the country,” Congressman Kurt Schrader said. “Oregon's rural communities are uniquely positioned to benefit from innovation in the sustainable and green building sector. This bill will help promote and advance research in wood products to revolutionize the building industry which in turn will help our timber communities not simply sustain, but grow.”
Recent developments in wood products engineering have made wood a viable material for larger construction projects.
The bicameral, bipartisan Timber Innovation Act would accelerate the research and development of wood for use in construction projects, focusing on the construction of buildings over 85 feet in height. It would incentivize investment through the National Forest Products Lab and American universities to conduct research and development on new methods for the construction of wood buildings.
Oregon is a trailblazer in innovative use of wood: DR Johnson Lumber Co. in Riddle, Ore., is the first manufacturer in the country certified to produce cross-laminated timber panels for tall wood building construction. Freres Lumber Co. in Lyons, Ore., has created a mass plywood panel — a large, veneer-based finished wood panel for tall wood building construction. And Oregon State University's National Center for Advanced Wood Products Manufacturing and Design is at the cutting edge of research and development, promoting sustainable timber-based manufacturing and expanding the market for mass timber.
The bill would also support ongoing efforts at the U.S. Department of Agriculture to further encourage the use of wood products as a building material for tall buildings.
In addition to support from Senate and House Democrats and Republicans, the bill is supported by Weyerhaeuser, National Wildlife Federation, the American Wood Council, and more than 100 other stakeholders.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The British government is still trying to solve the bizarre 2006 poisoning death of former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko, who was apparently not only spying for MI6 but also for Spanish intelligence and his ex-KGB pals. Testimony given today by lawyers at the public inquest of his murder, included claims that he was a "registered and paid" agent of Britain's foreign intelligence arm at the time of his death, and at their request, had been helping Spain investigate activities by the Russian mob in their country. Britain's Home Office would neither confirm nor deny that Litvinenko was working for them or that he was was in fact a "triple agent."
Another lawyer working for the coroner's office claims there is "high-level" evidence that the Russian government ordered Litvinenko's assassination, either as revenge for his criticism of his former bosses, or to silence him from revealing more of their schemes. Counsel Hugh Davies said "the government material does establish a prima facie case as to the culpability of the Russian state" in Litvinenko's murder. Moscow has previously denied any involvement.
Litvinenko was considered a traitor by other Russian agents — including his ex-boss, Vladimir Putin — for blowing the whistle on a plot to assassinate a Russian tycoon, among other crimes. He has claimed at various times that two terrorist attacks in Moscow (a 1999 apartment bombing and the deaths of 130 theatergoers taken hostage in 2002) were orchestrated by the Federal Security Service (FSB), the post-Soviet version of the KGB, to drum up support for the war in Chechnya. Putin ran the FSB in 1999 and personally fired Litvinenko before the spy left Russia and sought asylum in the UK. He also claimed links between the Russian mafia, Putin, and other highly placed government officials in Moscow.
Date on which Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach — the vice chair of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity who's been dubbed the "king of voter suppression" — sent a letter to all 50 states asking them to provide voter roll data including voters' addresses and the last four digits of their Social Security numbers: 6/28/2017
Since then, number of people who've contacted the North Carolina State Board of Elections with concerns about the data request, some asking to cancel their voter registration or for instructions on how to do so: hundreds
Number of voters who contacted the supervisor of elections in Florida's Seminole County wanting to remove their names from the rolls as a result of the data request, all of whom were reportedly convinced to stay registered: 15
Number of people who have canceled their registrations in Colorado in response to the commission's demands: over 3,000
Number of states that have refused to provide all of the voter data requested: 48
That have refused to cooperate with the request at all: 21
Of those 21 non-cooperating states, number in the South: 5*
Date on which Republican Secretary of State Delbert Hoseman of Mississippi, among the non-cooperating states, said in response to the data request that the commission headed by Vice President Mike Pence could "go jump in the Gulf of Mexico and Mississippi is a great state to launch from": 6/30/2017
Number of lawsuits that have been filed against the commission so far over the data request: 6
Number of different federal privacy and ethics laws the lawsuits accuse the commission of violating: 6
Among the most serious challenges to Kobach's efforts, rank of the request for a temporary restraining order from the Electronic Privacy Information Center, which claims the commission violated the E-Government Act of 2002 by failing to perform a privacy impact assessment before sending the data request: 1
Date on which Kobach's commission asked states to hold off on submitting the requested data until a federal judge decides whether it's done enough to protect voters' privacy: 7/10/2017
Date on which the commission is planning a meeting that will be open to the public only through a video feed, which the ACLU in its lawsuit says violates federal transparency law: 7/19/2017
Amount that Kobach, who's running for Kansas governor, was recently fined for misleading a federal court by trying to hide two documents in a lawsuit over the state law he championed requiring voters to show proof of citizenship: $1,000
Number of people President Trump has claimed voted illegally in last year's elections: 3 million to 5 million
Pieces of evidence he has provided to back up his claim: 0
* Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee and Virginia.
(Click on figure to go to source.)
In 1980, Congress passed the Bayh-Dole Act, which allowed universities to own intellectual property arising from federally financed research. The result was an explosion of innovation. The number of universities and colleges receiving patents more than doubled from 1983 to 2003; the number of patents awarded to schools grew by over 600 percent. Today, royalties from patents and licenses bring in millions of dollars for many academic institutions. And the universities' gains have redounded to the advantage of many regional economies, in the form of spin-off companies, jobs, and income growth.
To help move research discoveries into the marketplace, more than 200 universities have created offices of “technology transfer.” Unfortunately, many of the offices have become ponderous bureaucracies. Worse still, seeking to maximize profits for the schools, they have frequently contravened contractual agreements to assert ownership over research that a company has sponsored and expects to profit from.
Businesses seem to be taking notice. Over the last 50 years, industry-funded basic research in universities generally had kept pace with all categories of R&D, even outstripping basic research performed in companies' own labs. And in the mid-1990s, with the explosion of transdisciplinary fields such as biotechnology, corporations began funding basic research at universities at a blistering pace: such investment grew 45 percent from 1995 to 2000, much faster than the growth of total R&D funding. But in 2000, industry abruptly reversed course. From 2001 to 2004, the most recent year for which data are available, corporate funding of basic research in American universities declined in each consecutive year—the longest period of contraction since data collection began. The contraction can't be explained by the economic slowdown of 2001–02; harsher periods of slow growth have seen industry-funded research at universities keep expanding.
The likeliest reason for this worrisome trend is that many companies are tired of haggling over intellectual property rights—and in a world of globalized R&D, they no longer have to. IBM, Hewlett-Packard, Baker Hughes, Intel, Texas Instruments, and Microsoft, to name just a few major firms on a growing list, are now shifting research funding to universities in England, India, Russia, and China, where they have access to top scientists and often face fewer intellectual property hurdles. A 2006 survey found that most global firms anticipated their R&D expansion to take place in China and India; by the end of this year, 31 percent of R&D employees worldwide will work in one of those two countries, up from 19 percent in 2004. As one corporate official observes: “Not only is the cost significantly less, there is no doubt that at the end of the day we own the intellectual product.” A study published last year in Science found that the location of multinational R&D turns more heavily on the ease of collaboration with university faculty than on cost.
And make no mistake: universities abroad are eager for partnerships with American firms. In many fields, the technological edge appears to be shifting along with industry-supported research to foreign institutions such as the University of Beijing. “We went there for the cost, but we stay for the quality,” says one American executive. One striking example is the rise of Siberia's “Silicon Forest,” centered in Novosibirsk State University, where such firms as Intel, IBM, and Schlumberger have growing R&D investments.
While the U.S. remains the leader in R&D and university science, its position may be slowly eroding. Universities don't bear full responsibility for this decline—other factors, such as restrictive immigration laws, have helped push research overseas—but their part in it is undeniable. And as the quality of universities in emerging economies increases, they may encourage an even greater migration away from American campuses.
It may be unwise, therefore, for regions to rely on universities as primary engines of growth and innovation. But local governments might pursue a strategy of urging universities to pool their commercialization efforts. As Bob Litan, William Baumol, and I have suggested in our recent book Good Capitalism, Bad Capitalism, “One of the reasons technology transfer offices fail to generate a profit for their universities . . . is that they can neither reach a size sufficient to realize economies of scale nor attract licensing and other personnel with expertise comparable to that available in the private sector.” If a region's universities—at the very least, its public universities—were to combine their resources into a single technology transfer office, they might solve both problems.
The 800-year-old sheet of parchment that is the Magna Carta is often hailed as one of the world's most famous historical documents because it laid the foundation for the rights and freedoms on which modern democracy rests.
On Monday, Queen Elizabeth will preside at a celebration at Runnymede Meadow alongside the Thames River, where John, King of England, affixed his seal to the medieval document in 1215. A.E. Dick Howard , a constitutional law professor at the University of Virginia and author of The Road from Runnymede: Magna Carta and Constitutionalism in America, will be there among dignitaries from around the world. “My children would never forgive me if I didn't go,” he said in an interview from London, where he has been lecturing on the Magna Carta since late May. “It will be like a lawyers' Woodstock.”
Fittingly, the forecast, as it was for the 1969 rock concert, is for rain.
Ten facts about the Magna Carta that may surprise you:
1. The Magna Carta, written in Latin, was not originally designed as a lofty statement of principles.
The goal was more immediate and practical. It was a peace treaty negotiated by a despotic king to quell a rebellion by 25 barons, who were tired of paying high taxes to fund his reign and forced him to negotiate.
2. Magna Carta was drawn up during the reign of Britain's worst king.
King John is remembered as Bad King John . His dastardly deeds , too numerous to count, include imprisoning his wife, starving opponents to death, and murdering his nephew. He imposed high taxes and seized property to pay for expensive foreign wars. As if being a tyrant weren't enough, he was singularly untalented. Despite massive tax hikes to fund his armies, he failed to regain the continental lands he had lost. When British scholar Nicholas Vincent was asked by the Daily Telegraph if Bad King John was deserving of the name, he said, “No. He was much worse than that.”
No other British king since has been named John.
View Images King John signs the Magna Carta in an undated painting. In reality, medieval documents were authenticated by seal, not signature. The document celebrates its 800th anniversary this year. Photograph by Corbis
3. Within 60 days of sealing the document, King John tried to kill it.
Two months after sealing the Magna Carta, the king asked the Pope to nullify it. The Pope complied, and issued a papal bull calling it “illegal, unjust, harmful to royal rights and shameful to the English people.”
4. The Magna Carta might have been forgotten but for King John's nine-year-old son.
Henry III, King John's son, assumed the throne after his father died of dysentery in 1216. Within months of his death, in 1217, the Magna Carta was reissued in his name to broker peace with the barons. When Henry turned 18 in 1225, he reissued the definitive Magna Carta himself.
5. The Magna Carta's most important sections remain in English law today.
Clauses 39 and 40, the most significant and best-known sections of the 3,550-word document, established the rule of law as a fundamental principle: No one, not even the king is above the law. They also ensured basic individual rights and guaranteed justice and the right to a fair trial.
6. The original was also larded with local political deal-making.
An agreement to remove fishing weirs—fish traps—from the Thames and Medway Rivers was written into the text, as well as agreements allowing merchants to travel freely abroad and internally in England except in time of war. Sir Robert Worcester, chairman of the Magna Carta 800th Anniversary Commemoration, said these clauses aimed to placate business-minded barons.
“Removing the weirs was vital to protecting the commercial interest of the City of London,” he said. The document also got a running 13th century start on women's rights, Worcester said, by prohibiting the remarriage of widows without their consent.
7. Early on, the Magna Carta's significance was not always recognized.
Even Shakespeare missed it. In his play The Life and Death of King John, Shakespeare mentions neither the Magna Carta nor the balance of power between the king and the noblemen that it established.
8. Later, great world leaders saw its importance as a symbol of liberty.
The Magna Carta's core principles are fundamental to other historical documents. Thomas Jefferson incorporated its concepts in the Declaration of Independence and the Bill of Rights. Mahatma Gandhi cited it in a farewell letter published when he left South Africa in 1914, noting that it confirms “there should be no legal racial inequality between different subjects of the crown.”
Echoes of the Magna Carta also are contained in the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the 1950 European Convention on Human Rights. Nelson Mandela cited the Magna Carta in a famous speech in 1964 while on trial for sabotage—a capital offense in South Africa.
9. Only four copies of the 1215 version remain today.
And there are fewer than two dozen copies of various 13th century versions. Another was discovered earlier this year in a Victorian scrapbook in the town of Sandwich, on the southeast English coast.
The only copy in private hands was bought in the 1980s by Texas billionaire and former presidential candidate Ross Perot , who paid $1.5 million for a 1297 version and loaned it to the National Archives in Washington. In 2007, Perot sold it at Sotheby's to David Rubenstein, billionaire financier and philanthropist, for $21.3 million. It remains on display at the National Archives.
10. The Magna Carta's history is so long and complicated even Britain's prime ministers sometimes get it wrong.
In an appearance on David Letterman in 2013, Prime Minister David Cameron flubbed a quiz about British history, and failed to recall the English translation of Magna Carta. It means “Great Charter.”
“You have found me out. That is bad, I have ended my career on your show tonight,” Cameron told Letterman.
Not quite. In last month's election, Cameron surprised opponents and won enough votes for a second term in office.
thesketcherlass:
secularsalvation:
thesketcherlass: This was originally going to my submission for the “Opal”-prompt over on the 60 minute SU challenge, but the lineart ended up taking all 60 minutes and the idea was just too close to my heart for me to leave it there. I'm going to shove it in the tag anyway, just because I would never have gotten around to do it without the added motivation of the challenge and I've seen others admit to not sticking to the 60 minute rule so what the heckles eh God, I love this and I'm about to tangent about a cartoon, but oh well. I love opal and the artist who made this pretty much put the entire reason why right here. Pearl and amethyst are such perfect complements to each other. Each of them is deeply suffering emotionally. Both of them have issues with their own self esteem with Pearl believing she was not good enough to help Rose Quartz save the world and with Amethyst believing that because she was made in the kindergarten, she is a monster. Each of them goes to an extreme in order to cope with those feelings of inadequacy. Pearl is controlling and uptight, while amethyst chooses to be laid-back and care-free to feel at peace. They could each learn from each other. When gems fuse, it seems that the more balanced they are, the more in line their physical forms are. Garnet, who is made of two gems in almost perfect balance, has only an extra eye, and appears to be a regular gem. Sugilite, on the other hand, who is totally unbalanced has five eyes and appears quite unnatural, as does the jasper-lapis fusion, who looked overall quite like a demon. Opal only has one different feature: Extra arms. Pearl and amethyst have what the other needs and so they fuse together beautifully. But it is because they share the same pain that they can do so. I'm not sure. I just love their characters and the emotional development theyve had throughout the show.
My thoughts exactly. The two of them would compliment each other perfectly, just like Opal is a nearly perfect, if only they had the emotional energy to try to understand one another's coping mechanisms. But they don't, and it's ruining the connection they undoubtedly once had. I really hope they'll continue to work on their problems as the show goes on, they have so much potential.
Also, side-note, look at the differences in personality between the base gems and their fusion. Pearl and Amethyst are both emotionally troubled in their own ways, they're both stubborn and selfish, and set in their ways - but Opal brings out the best in them. She's warm, patient and very genuine, reassuring Steven that she's still the people he knows and loves by singing his own song back to him, which is something neither Pearl or Amethyst would have the confidence to do (Pearl wouldn't have the emotional know-how to understand that such a simple thing would sooth him, Amethyst would be too worried about coming of as soft or sentimental, afraid of appearing weak). Opal is Amethyst's natural empathy and people skills combined with Pearl's self control and carefulness, resulting in a gentle, warm and even more motherly figure.
If the two just sat down and listened to one another, the same way they're forced to work together as Opal, they could learn so much from one another. They have the ability to make or break each other and the suspense is killing me.
As young Syrian refugee students celebrated International Women's Day in the Bekaa Valley this week, education advocate Nora Jumblatt highlighted the increasingly important role of women throughout the refugee community. The war in Syria, despite its chaos and sadness, she said, has given rise to a "little miracle."
The war in Syria has brought about an “empire of women” in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley, said civil society leader and education advocate Nora Jumblatt during a celebration of International Women's Day.
Hundreds of young Syrian refugee girls participated in the festivities held at the Kayany Foundation's Malala School in Bar Elias, a town equidistant from Beirut and Damascus that sits along the Syrian-Lebanese border. With the help of international organizations, local universities and volunteers, the foundation is empowering a new generation of Syrian women, equipping them with the tools and knowledge they'll need to rebuild their country.
“The empowerment of women that is happening here in the Bekaa is a little miracle to have come out of all this war and conflict,” said Jumblatt, founder of the Kayany Foundation.
“It is the women today in the refugee communities of the Bekaa that are providing for their families, that are sending their children to school to get an education, that are dealing with the headache of hospitals and residency papers … the Bekaa Valley, in my opinion, has become an empire of women.”
Dylan Collins Nora Jumblatt, founder of the Kayany Foundation, helps prepare for a race to kick off International Women's Day celebrations in Bar Elias on March 7, 2016.
The hundreds of informal tented settlements that dot the fertile Bekaa Valley are home to the majority of Lebanon's one million-plus U.N.-registered Syrian refugees, although experts say there are another 500,000 unregistered Syrians across the country.
But upon entering the clusters of tents, one thing is immediately clear: There are very few men.
“These informal settlements are predominantly full of women and children. There are hardly any men. They're not here. The boys who are 15 and above, you don't see them,” Jumblatt said. “They are either out working or are back in Syria.”
The Kayany Foundation, established in 2013 by Jumblatt in partnership with the American University of Beirut and UNESCO in response to the growing refugee crisis in Lebanon, has built five schools so far, including an all-girls high school.
Dylan Collins Students at the Malala School inspect medals they have won during the celebrations on March 7, 2016.
The all-girls school was created in partnership with Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai in the summer of 2015 on her 18th birthday. The school's goal is to provide quality education to more than 200 Syrian teenagers living in informal camps.
The Malala School, said Jumblatt, is the first of its kind to target an often-overlooked segment of the refugee community: teenage girls aged 14 to 18. Planning for the organization's second Malala School is already underway.
"These girls are at a very critical age," said Jumblatt. "They've faced war, unimaginable violence and discrimination. But we're trying to empower them, and to remind them of their rights and capabilities as young women."
During celebrations for International Women's Day at the Malala School on Monday, Kayany School students ran a 1km (0.6 mile) race, before listening to speeches from successful Syrian women, then to an impassioned song about women's empowerment sung by a choir of their peers.
Dylan Collins Members of the Malala School Choir prepare to perform as part of International Women's Day festivities.
Amid traditional dancing and popular songs, Kayany's students talked to guests about their future goals and the importance of education.
“Women's education is so important. We're learning that here," said Doha and Fatima Louie, full of energy and interrupting each other after just finishing a hip-hop duet in front of the crowd. The two cousins, originally from Homs, arrived at the Bekaa about two years ago, but only recently signed up with Kayany.
"Women need to get diplomas. We can do more than just cook and clean," said Fatima. "Yes," added Doha, "if she is determined, a woman can achieve anything. She can reach any level she wants."
The Kayany program aims to bring education into the hundreds of informal settlements across the Bekaa, solving problems of access, transportation and space at the existing local elementary and high schools, which are operating on double shifts in an attempt to absorb the 500,000 or so new students who have arrived over the past five years.
Jumblatt estimated that only 155,000 or so Syrian refugee students are enrolled in the local school system, with the sole accredited curriculum in the area.
Dylan Collins To mark International Women's Day, students take part in a traditional dance at the Malala School in Bar Elias on March 7, 2016.
"The problem is that since the beginning, the refugee crisis has been addressed by short-term humanitarian responses," said Jumblatt. "But we have to think of a long-term development response. The war in Syria is continuing."
Jumblatt and the Kayany team are pushing the Lebanese government to create formal accredited education alternatives to the existing public school system.
"There is no way that you can integrate 300,000 or 250,000 more students into the existing system," she said. "These young girls need to have some kind of certification, whether it is to work or to continue their studies. They have to have alternatives."
Dylan Collins Nora Jumblatt embraces a student at the Malala School on March 7, 2016.
But despite the daily hardships in the Bekaa Valley, and particularly the growing difficulties faced by Lebanon's Syrian refugees in obtaining and renewing residency permits, Jumblatt is adamant about highlighting the strength of the youth and women in the Bekaa's refugee community.
“They are not masakeen [Arabic for poor and weak]. They are surviving. The young ones in particular are dreaming of going back to Syria to rebuild it,” she said. “They are the ones that have to rebuild Syria. They are our best chance, and education is their best tool."
Why This School In China Donated $20,000 To Shenmue 3's Kickstarter By William Usher Random Article Blend
Over on the
We spent $10,000 in 2012 to get our school off the ground and that went a long way. Because of our initial $10,000 pledge, the school received an amazing amount of attention in China, social media and gaming websites. I'll reiterate, We are not wealthy! This was a hard decision. We could have given $20,000 directly to building the school and it's programs but we feel that this pledge will lead to more exposure and support than what we could do through other mediums.
The V.E.T., school program targets the villages of Guilin and Yangshuo within the Guangxi Province. The program aims to help kids and adults learn basic English so that they'll have a basic understanding when it's time to head to another school within the more urban areas or they attempt to get jobs in the busy tourist sections.
While this donation may seem kind of out of the blue, it's not entirely from out of left field. Keep in mind that
Many aspects of the game are about the life and culture of the Chinese, and a foreigner (Ryo) learning to adapt to their way of life... all while attempting to seek revenge. A volunteer organization in China funding the production of a game that deals a lot with Chinese culture doesn't seem so far fetched.
According to the post on the Shenmue Dojo forum, they pledged enough to be able to have a character featured in
We decided to make the second $10,000 pledge a character in the game. We don't want to be a character attacking Ryo though. We are going to try and ask Yu Suzuki to let us have one of our Volunteer Chinese teaching assistants be a character in one of the villages. They deserve to be recognized for their hard work. They are volunteers and many of them come from poor rice farms.
I actually think this is a great idea and I hope Yu Suzuki is at least open to the idea. Having unique NPCs and characters in the game from different provinces and backgrounds could help add some extra flavor to the game.
While there is some controversy surrounding
As for V.E.T., if you're interested in their services and their mission goals you can learn more by visiting their Two brothers who started a school program in China to help teach rural kids English have donated $20,000 to Shenmue 3's Kickstarter. Why? Because they hope that it will help gain them a bit of the public's eye and help grow their outreach program in China as they recruit more volunteer teachers to help educate kids in less fortunate areas of the country.Over on the Shenmue Dojo website , one of the founders of the Volunteer English Teachers program, also shortened to V.E.T., posted up a message explaining that it was a difficult decision to invest the money into Shenmue 3 , but they feel it could be something to really help get the word out about their school as opposed to some traditional methods of marketing. The post reads...The V.E.T., school program targets the villages of Guilin and Yangshuo within the Guangxi Province. The program aims to help kids and adults learn basic English so that they'll have a basic understanding when it's time to head to another school within the more urban areas or they attempt to get jobs in the busy tourist sections.While this donation may seem kind of out of the blue, it's not entirely from out of left field. Keep in mind that Shenmue is a game with a rich history of Chinese culture standing behind it. It may be a Japanese-made game starring a Japanese character, but the journey itself takes place within Hong Kong and the surrounding countryside.Many aspects of the game are about the life and culture of the Chinese, and a foreigner (Ryo) learning to adapt to their way of life... all while attempting to seek revenge. A volunteer organization in China funding the production of a game that deals a lot with Chinese culture doesn't seem so far fetched.According to the post on the Shenmue Dojo forum, they pledged enough to be able to have a character featured in Shenmue 3 . The post states...I actually think this is a great idea and I hope Yu Suzuki is at least open to the idea. Having unique NPCs and characters in the game from different provinces and backgrounds could help add some extra flavor to the game.While there is some controversy surrounding Sony's role in the funding of Shenmue 3 , many die-hard fans are throwing money at the screen in any way that they can in an attempt to see the game finally get made.As for V.E.T., if you're interested in their services and their mission goals you can learn more by visiting their official Facebook page Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
'It's going to send our jobs overseas, and even worse, it's going to import foreign workers to replace us in our jobs here at home.'
Paul Nehlen pulled out all the punches against House Speaker Paul Ryan during an exclusive interview this weekend.
LOS ANGELES, CA (Catholic Online) - During a televised interview with Breitbart, Nehlen spoke of House Speaker Paul Ryan's views on Trump, the Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership (TPP) and immigration.
Nehlen described Ryan's campaign donations came from D.C., rather than his home district and stated: "The vast majority comes in the form of large campaign donations from inside the D.C. Beltway. ... He sold his vote.
"He sold his vote. The same people that are donating to his campaign want these open border initiatives. This isn't a Free Trade deal."
Nehlen's fear is for Ryan to continue on the path he has currently set, which Nehlen believes will ultimately put the United States economy in a worse position.
Ryan supports the TPP's move to outsource American jobs, while Nehlen explained "It's going to send our jobs overseas, and even worse, it's going to import foreign workers to replace us in our jobs here at home."
After calling Ryan "a mercenary champion of this Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership," he added: "And that's why I'm running. ...I was outside Abbot Labs just a week-and-a-half ago. ...One hundred eighty employees, IT workers, Americans, have been replaced by H1-B visa holders.
Paul Nehlen did not hold back when speaking against House Speaker Paul Ryan (Reddit).
"I was there with Michelle Malkin and Sara Blackwell, an attorney out of Florida who is donating her time pro bono filing EOC complaints [on behalf of the Americans losing their jobs]. The jobs aren't going away.
"They're bringing in people to replace Americans in those jobs. And this Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership, it makes it worse. It codifies the opportunity for them to bring workers here and replace us. They won't even have to go through the paperwork of filing H1 visa forms."
Continuing with his rant, Nehlen explained Ryan's push for hiring a third party to police the border and gauge operational control.
"We have to secure the border and enforce existing immigration laws," Nehlen described. "We could secure the border in 72 hours. We could. We just don't have the political will in Washington."
While Nehlen is a virtually unknown political newcomer, his bid for Speaker of the House is not without gumption.
Of Ryan, Nehlen stated: "He is bad-mouthing the presumptive [GOP] nominee. It's embarrassing; that's what it is. I'm calling out the enemy. ...I'm calling out the enemy. He is Speaker Paul Ryan."
---
The California Network is the Next Wave in delivery of information and entertainment on pop culture, social trends, lifestyle, entertainment, news, politics and economics. We are hyper-focused on one audience, YOU, the connected generation. JOIN US AS WE REDEFINE AND REVOLUTIONIZE THE EVER-CHANGING MEDIA LANDSCAPE.
Officials recently announced criminal charges would not be filed against a Seattle police officer who broke a woman's eye socket while arresting her over the summer, multiple local TV stations reported.
The June 22 incident, which was filmed on the officer's dashboard camera, occurred when Officer Adley Shepherd responded to a domestic violence call and attempted to arrest 23-year-old Miyekko Durden-Bosley, Seattle station KIRO 7 reported.
In incident video, Durden-Bosley can be seen kicking Shepherd, who responds by punching her.
Durden-Bosley's eye socket was broken, and Shepherd was placed on paid administrative leave during the 6-month investigation by Washington State Patrol. The case was referred to the King County Prosecutor's Office, which reviewed evidence for a possible second-degree assault charge.
“Officer Shepherd reacted instantaneously to the kick by the suspect, who was wearing boots, with one punch to the suspect's head which caused a fracture of an orbital socket,” prosecutors stated Friday, according to KIRO 7. “While Officer Shepherd may have had other options or alternatives, we have concluded that we would be unable to prove that Officer Shepherd's use of force was criminal.”
Shortly after the June incident, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray said he found the punch disturbing, KTLA sister station Q13 reported.
“I'll go out on a ledge here and hopefully not get myself in trouble with unions or whatever. But, if someone is in handcuffs, if someone in handcuffs and seated in a car, that person should not be punched,” Murray said.
Read the rest of the story here
Home prices in many places have been steadily rising, buoyed by a growing economy, low interest rates and a chronic lack of inventory in some markets.
While that spells good news for homeowners – and home sellers – it is creating worry for many first-time buyers who are watching prices steadily get out of reach. That is particularly true for millennials, a sector critical to the future of the housing market.
A study out this week from national realtor Redfin shows worry about affordability is growing more predominant among home buyers, but the fear is more acute among young people.
Just over 28% of buyers said they were most worried that “prices are rising or are too high,” the largest percentage to cite this concern in more than a year, according to the Redfin survey, which was conducted in August and includes more than 1,800 home buyers. Among millennials -- buyers 35 and younger -- 32.5% said affordability is a big concern.
Millennials are struggling to save enough money for a home since prices are rising faster than their pay, says Selma Hepp, chief economist at Pacific Union, the largest real estate firm in the San Francisco Bay Area. Today, the typical first-time home buyer purchases a home that costs 2.6 times his or her annual income, Hepp says.
The gap between affordability and other concerns is also widening, the study finds. The second-most cited top concern was “too much competition from other buyers,” at only 13%. In previous surveys, the second- and third-most cited concerns made up a far higher percentage of total responses. Last year it was 31.4 percent, while in May it was 33.5 percent.
Despite lower mortgage rates and increased employment, millennials aren't touring open houses or scouring online listings in search of their new homes, research suggests. Their tendency to live at home with parents and delay getting married has raised concerns about long-term homeownership trends.
Millennials who end up living with their parents has been on the rise steadily since the Great Recession, peaking at about 36%, according to the Pew Research Center.
Now, for the first time in 130 years, living with your parents has become the most common living arrangement for young men and women aged 18 to 34, Pew reported.
Rising prices and a shortage of homes to buy is compounding the problem. Sales of existing homes fell 3.2% last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.39m, the National Association of Realtors said. The decline marks a reversal from rising demand that pushed sales in June to their highest level since February 2007. The number of listings fell 5.8% from a year ago to 2.13m, the realty group says.
The survey by National Association of Realtors underscores how some of the country's most robust markets are showing dramatic signs of slowing, with buyers turning away from rising prices.
Sales of single-family homes and condominiums in California were down 13% in July compared with a year earlier. Sales of single-family homes and condos in Denver declined 18% compared with the same time last year. In San Francisco, home sales dropped 10% in the first half of 2016 from a year earlier. The tumble marks the slowest first half since 2008.
Louis van Gaal says he rested Marcus Rashford from Manchester United's 1-0 win at Norwich City to keep him fresh for the midweek trip to West Ham United. United struggled in the absence of Rashford to break down the hosts at Carrow Road, before a mistake by Sebastien Bassong allowed Wayne Rooney to set up Juan Mata for the only goal of the game.
The victory took United, who were also without the injured Anthony Martial, within one point of fourth-placed Manchester City.
"You see in the games, Marcus is not doing the things he did in his first match or second match anymore," Van Gaal explained to United's official website when asked about Rashford's absence.
"You want to deny that at first and you say it to him but then you see maybe it is tiredness.
"So I hope that these two games give him again the stimulus to be in the line-up in the next game because we have to play West Ham and it's not an easy game."
The Dutchman continued: "I wouldn't have rested him for the match [if there wasn't another one on 10 May], but now we only have two days' recuperation and recovery. That is too short for these players."
'Gunners fan'
United will have Champions League qualification in their own hands if City fail to beat Arsenal on 8 May. They travel to sixth-placed West Ham on 10 May in the Boleyn Ground's final game.
Van Gaal said the Red Devils were now relying on Arsenal to do them a favour.
"I'm more or less a Gunners fan tomorrow, but it will be a tough game between these kinds of teams," the 64-year-old said.
Especially after the [Champions League semi-final] defeat to Real Madrid, it is not so easy for Manchester City to revive themselves."
United have won five of their six matches in all competitions and will face Crystal Palace in the FA Cup final at Wembley on 21 May.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior White House officials and U.S. intelligence and law enforcement figures will meet with Silicon Valley executives on Friday to discuss how to counter the use of social media by militant groups, sources familiar with the meeting said on Thursday.
FBI Director James Comey Jr. testifies at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington December 9, 2015. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
In an escalation of pressure on technology firms to do more to combat online propaganda from groups such as Islamic State, the meeting follows attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, California, that underscored the role played by social media companies such as Twitter Inc, Alphabet Inc's YouTube and Facebook Inc.
Invited participants include White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, presidential counterterrorism adviser Lisa Monaco, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, FBI Director James Comey, National Intelligence Director James Clapper and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers, one of the sources said.
A source familiar with the meeting said it would focus on social media content, not encrypted communications, another topic of discussion between Silicon Valley and the White House.
Twitter, Apple Inc, Facebook and Google are attending, the companies said. Several other Internet firms, including Microsoft Corp and Dropbox, are expected to attend, according to those familiar with the meeting. Most companies are expected to send high-ranking executives, but not their chief executive officers.
An administration announcement is expected following the conclusion of the summit, according to a source.
Twitter last week updated its policies for policing its content to explicitly prohibit “hateful conduct.” Other websites have similarly updated and clarified their abuse policies within the past 18 months.
The meeting agenda covers how to make it harder for militants to recruit and mobilize followers on social media, as well as helping ordinary users create, publish and amplify content that can undercut groups like Islamic State.
The meeting also will touch on how technology can be used to disrupt paths to violent radicalization and identify recruitment patterns, and how to make it easier for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to identify militant operatives.
The Obama administration “has been clear about the importance of government and industry working together to confront terrorism, but we do not have any specific meetings to announce or preview at this time,” a senior official said.
Amid rising public concern about the potential for more attacks, President Barack Obama in a speech in December said, “I will urge high-tech and law enforcement leaders to make it harder for terrorists to use technology to escape from justice.”
Tech firms have been increasingly cooperative, taking down content viewed as capable of inciting violence or recruiting militants. But those same firms are often reluctant to appear too cozy with government investigators, a concern that grew after Edward Snowden disclosed wide government surveillance.
The email address on file for an Amazon.com account should never be used anywhere else for anything.
There are multiple reports, spanning years, of attackers abusing the Amazon chat system to scam customer support representatives into divulging your personal information. All the scammers need is a victims name and email address.
Starting a chat with Amazon - without logging in first
For years now, Amazon has known about this security hole in their procedures and done nothing about it.
The latest victim account, from Eric Springer, is available online both from Ars Technica and Medium.
Springer is no rube. He's a techie that uses unique passwords, two-factor authentication and is well aware of phishing attacks. Heck, he even used to work for Amazon. But, he gave Amazon his regular email address. That was a mistake.
Via text chat, Springers scammer asked Amazon customer support where his latest order was being shipped. The Amazon rep validated the bad guys identity by asking for his name, email address and billing address. The scammer provided the first two along with a fake address. Not totally fake, it was the address of a hotel in the city where Springer lives. The important point being, it was not Springers billing address. Yet, the Amazon rep accepted it as proof of identity.
WTF?
Now validated, the scammer asked for the address where his last order was sent. Of course the bad guy does not know what Mr. Springer ordered, but this is not a problem - the Amazon rep politely asked if he was referring to the order of a Wacom tablet. The bad guy confirms this and the Amazon rep gives the scammer Mr. Springers home address and phone number as well as the DHL tracker number.
Its not clear what the attacker was after, but the scammer did convince Springers bank to issue a new copy of his credit card. Way to go Amazon.
The security here is disgraceful. Even if the scammer had provided Springers actual billing address, Amazon needs to do more to validate chat users.
Perhaps chat support should only be available after you have logged in to your account. Perhaps they should validate the IP address of the chatterer. Perhaps Amazon should call people back using a phone number on file. Perhaps they should email or text a one time code. Perhaps they shouldn't use an email address as their userid. And, how about actually validating the billing address? Something. Maybe even two things.
A few months later, Springer was targeted again.
The second attack, also by text chat, started again with the scammer asking Amazon for the status of his last order, one that he does not have the number for. But, this time the attacker knows Springers real address, so he gets by the same security check. As before, the scammer wants the shipping address of the order which the rep tells him was for a mosquito trap. This time, the purpose is clearer, the scammer is after the last four digits of Springers credit card. He doesn't get it.
A day later, the attacker again contacted Amazon, this time on the phone, so there is no transcript.
After the first two incidents, Amazon said they would "put a note" on Springers account. That too, appears to have been a scam, as were the company's two promises to have a "specialist" get back to him.
What happened to Springer was no fluke.
In response to the story, someone who commented on Medium.com was able to replicate Amazon's security failure. This anonymous person also passed the security check by providing the address of a hotel in the city where he lives rather than his actual billing address.
Screen shots of these persons chat transcript are available (Part 1 and Part 2). Note particularly, the comments by Bikash of the Amazon leadership team at the end.
SCAM HISTORY
More proof that this wasn't a fluke comes from a very similar 2013 incident documented by Scott Hanselman (Chasing an active Social Engineering Fraud at Amazon Kindle).
In this case, the scammers got Amazon to issue a replacement for a Kindle that wasn't broken and then tried to get the shipping address for the replacement Kindle changed. Here too, the scam was perpetrated over web chat without the scammer being logged in to an Amazon account. Hanselman writes
... this is a social engineering hack, not a "password compromised" hack. The person has reported that "Scott's" Kindle is broken and has asked for a replacement, but then later tried to redirect the delivery. The customer rep says they can't redirect it. However, it appears the bad guy tried multiple support folks until they finally got the package redirected.
... none of this required anything more than my address and my email. They were able to get the Amazon Customer Service to accept that they were me without my password or any additional verification.
You might think the bad guys could be found using the new shipping address for the replacement Kindle. But, the US-based address was a bit unusual. Hanselman explains:
It's a global shipping logistics company. The weird number at the end of their address is a Virtual Routing number. An address with a number after it allows folks to have a package mailed to them in the US, then the package is transparently forwarded overseas. This number points to an account they have with a post office in a country in Southeast Asia. They received packages from all over, consolidate them, then ship them on masse. This allows governments and companies (and apparently bad guys) to order stuff from companies inside the US, then pay the international shipping and tariffs as a large shipment when it's sent overseas.
It didn't take much research to find yet another account of this scam, by Chris Cardinal from back in 2012. In this instance, the scammers tricked Amazon into re-sending items that they claimed were never received. As with Hanselman, the scammers directed Cardinal's shipment to a "logistics company" that forwards mail overseas.
Yet again, all that was needed for the scammer to fake out Amazon was the victims name, billing address and email address.
DEFENDING OURSELVES
Clearly, Amazon has a problem, which means, their customers have a problem.
The elephant in the room is Amazon's use of an email address as a userid. Since they are so public, it does half the work for attackers. The best defense was suggested by Chris Cardinal, the 2012 victim.
I've since registered my Amazon account under a purpose-built email address that is only for Amazon.
That is, Amazon customers should provide the company with an email address that is not used anywhere else, for anything.
One way to get a unique email address is an alias.
Springer uses Fastmail, a commercial email provider that many techies recommend. Their cheaper accounts allow for 11 aliases, stepping up gets you 255 aliases. I used to use Earthlink as my email provider and they too offered aliases, but Fastmail aliases have an extra kicker.
Earthlink aliases were limited to the same domain. That is, michael@earthlink.com could be aliased as michaelxyz@earthlink.com or 123michael@earthlink.com or harvey@earthlink.com. Fastmail, however, owns quite a few domains. So an alias for michael@fastmail.com does not have to end with fastmail.com.
Another approach involves forwarding.
You could sign up for a new gmail account and then configure it to automatically forward incoming messages to your existing account.
Yahoo mail does not support forwarding, ISP email probably does. Certainly, anyone who owns their own domain can forward email. Outlook.com seems to support forwarding but when I tried to create a rule, it complained that one recipient was too many. Typical Microsoft.
There are two Gmail tricks to make unique email addresses that I would avoid using with Amazon.
The first involves adding periods. Gmail treats m.i.chael@gmail.com the same as michael@gmail.com, so you could give Amazon your normal Gmail account with an extra embedded period or two. But, if Amazon representatives ignore the billing address, they will probably ignore periods in an email address too.
For the same reason I would not bother using a plus sign to create a unique Gmail account. It strikes me as safer to give Amazon something like kmer7newg3kde5@gmail.com rather than michael+amazon@gmail.com.
Extra security when logging on Amazon.com
Ironically, as I was writing this, I went to change my wife's Amazon account over to a brand new, freshly minted email address. After logging in with her current email address and password, Amazon wanted still more identity proof as shown above.
Maybe I should have used web chat.
Image caption The radar-bright patches line up perfectly with areas of permanent shadow
A Nasa spacecraft has found further tantalising evidence for the existence of water ice at Mercury's poles.
Though surface temperatures can soar above 400C, some craters at Mercury's poles are permanently in shadow, turning them into so-called cold traps.
Previous work has revealed patches near Mercury's poles that strongly reflect radar - a characteristic of ice.
Now, the Messenger probe has shown that these "radar-bright" patchesline up precisely with the shadowed craters.
Messenger is only the second spacecraft - after Mariner 10 in the 1970s - to have visited the innermost planet. Until Messenger arrived, large swathes of Mercury's surface had never been mapped.
The bright patches were detected by ground-based radio telescopes in the 1990s, but as co-author Dr Nancy Chabot explained, "we've never had the imagery available before to see the surface where these radar-bright features are located."
The researchers superimposed observations of radar bright patches by the Arecibo Observatory on the latest photos of Mercury's poles taken by the MDIS imaging instrument aboard Messenger.
Mercury: The inner-most planet Mercury was visited first by the Mariner 10 probe in the 1970s; and by Messenger currently
The planet's diameter is 4,880km - about one-third the size of Earth
It is the second densest planet in Solar System; 5.3 times that of water
The Caloris Basin is the largest known feature (1,300km in diameter)
Scientists speculate there is water-ice in the planet's permanently shadowed craters
Mercury's huge iron core takes up more than 60% of the planet's mass
It is an extreme place: surface temperatures swing between 425C and -180C
Mercury is the only inner planet besides Earth with a global magnetic field
Messenger is the first spacecraft to go into orbit around the planet
"MDIS images show that all the radar-bright features near Mercury's South Pole are located in areas of permanent shadow," said Dr Chabot, from Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (JHUAPL).
"Near Mercury's North Pole such deposits are also seen only in shadowed regions, results consistent with the water-ice hypothesis."
However, she cautions, this does not constitute proof, and for many craters, icy deposits would need to be covered by a thin layer (10-20cm) of insulating debris in order to remain stable.
Maria Zuber, from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), who is a co-investigator on the Messenger mission, told BBC News: "The most interesting interpretation of [the radar observations] is that they were due to water ice.
"Sulphur had been proposed, there had also been some suggestion it was roughness - though there were no reason craters at the poles should be rougher than those at low latitudes."
"The new data from Messenger... is strengthening the evidence that there is some sort of volatile there, and water-ice seems quite likely."
She said information from several instruments on Messenger was currently being analysed in order to answer the ice conundrum: "I think this is a question that we can come to a definitive answer on, as opposed to 'we think it may be this'," the MIT researcher explained.
On Wednesday, scientists from the Messenger mission published findings that Mercury had been geologically active for a long period in its history.
Data from the probe shows that impact craters on the planet's surface were distorted by some geological process after they formed.
The findings, reported in Science magazine, challenge long-held views about the closest world to the Sun.
Scientists also presented a new model of Mercury's internal structure, which suggests the planet's huge inner core is encased in a shell of iron sulphide - a situation not seen on any other planet.
Messenger was launched in 2004, and entered orbit around its target in March last year. Nasa recently announced that its mission would be extended until 2013.
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me onTwitter
Reptiles Suffer, Left to Die at Another Massive PetSmart Supplier Mill Video take action Learn More
Animals crammed into filthy, crowded plastic bins stacked into shelving units like old bank statements. Living beings deprived of water for days or even weeks. Sick and injured animals denied veterinary care. Emaciated, severely dehydrated animals desperate for water. Animals cruelly killed by being gassed or frozen to death. We've seen it time and time again at dealers that sell animals to pet stores, and now we've seen it again at Reptiles by Mack, a reptile mill in Xenia, Ohio, that breeds and sells frogs, lizards, turtles, and other animals to pet stores across the country, such as PetSmart.
Shipped Thousands of Miles in Soda Bottles
PETA eyewitnesses spent a combined 15 weeks at the facility, documenting systemic abuses and deprivation inherent in the pet trade. For many animals, the stress and suffering started even before they arrived in Ohio. Animals were shipped from all over the world in barbaric conditions: crammed into plastic two-liter bottles, one-gallon milk jugs, mesh bags, and wooden crates separated into tiny compartments like egg cartons. Many were dead on arrival—having surely suffered tremendously during capture and transport, and workers carelessly cut open the containers with box cutters. At the other end of the journey—when animals were shipped out to PetSmart—conditions were equally harsh. Animals were shipped in plastic containers resembling restaurant “to go” boxes. One of PETA's eyewitnesses saw hundreds left packed up for over 24 hours—without a drop of water or a scrap of food—before finally being subjected to shipping in all kinds of weather.
'No Empathy for the Animals' Tens of thousands of frogs, lizards, turtles, snakes, bearded dragons, and other reptiles were kept at the facility at any given time confined to barren, filthy, crowded plastic tubs and deprived of even the most basic necessities, such as heat and UV lamps, veterinary care, fresh food, and even water to drink and soak in. One supervisor told an eyewitness that tortoises were intentionally deprived of water, despite his repeated complaints. Upper management had “no … empathy for the animals,” he said. “They just really run it like a business.” One manager instructed an eyewitness to clean light fixtures in preparation for an upcoming, announced visit by a PetSmart representative instead of providing tortoises with the water that by his own admission, they needed. Many bearded dragons' only source of “water” was shriveled-up leafy green vegetables. One of the eyewitnesses documented that lethargic, dehydrated bearded dragons clamored for water and drank continuously, for up to four minutes, when he offered it to them.
Injured Limbs Left to Rot Off Severe crowding and intensive confinement led to gruesome injuries. Many water dragons spent so much time struggling to get out of the cramped tubs that they rubbed their snouts raw, some so extensively that their teeth were visible through the wound. Some lizards did manage to escape but were later caught with makeshift glue traps set by the staff. The traps often went unchecked for days, and many lizards were dead by the time they were found. One lizard's tail broke into 11 pieces as a result of thrashing and trying to escape. Live animals were often carelessly yanked off the sticky boards. Severe crowding and intensive confinement led to gruesome injuries. Many water dragons spent so much time struggling to get out of the cramped tubs that they rubbed their snouts raw, some so extensively that their teeth were visible through the wound.The traps often went unchecked for days, and many lizards were dead by the time they were found. One lizard's tail broke into 11 pieces as a result of thrashing and trying to escape. Live animals were often carelessly yanked off the sticky boards. Severely crowded bearded dragons fought for food, leading to mangled limbs, some left hanging by not much more than a thread of damaged tissue. Even the most grotesquely injured limbs were haphazardly slathered with Neosporin, at most, or just left to rot off. One worker said that he had cut off a bearded dragon's leg with wire cutters and “snap[ped]” off their tails with his fingers. PETA's eyewitnesses often found emaciated, lethargic animals who likely weren't able to compete for food.
Setting Animals Aside to Die and Waste Away The facility's contract veterinarian purportedly visited the facility weekly, but PETA's eyewitnesses never saw him and were repeatedly told by supervisors that the veterinarian would not examine or treat the animals they were concerned about. One supervisor said, “I'm not really sure on what he even f***ing does, honestly.” One eyewitness persisted for three weeks in trying to get care for a lizard with an infected abdomen but to no avail. She was finally killed the day before PetSmart's representative came by, presumably so she would not be seen. Another animal, a gecko with a maggot-infested oral infection, suffered for days before finally dying without any desperately needed veterinary care. A supervisor said that he left sick snakes to die of starvation rather than put them down, admitting that “it sounds mean.” One supervisor described the facility's SOP as “setting [sick animals] aside to die and waste away.” The facility's contract veterinarian purportedly visited the facility weekly, but PETA's eyewitnesses never saw him and were repeatedly told by supervisors thatOne supervisor said, “I'm not really sure on what he even f***ing does, honestly.” One eyewitness persisted for three weeks in trying to get care for a lizard with an infected abdomen but to no avail. She was finally killed the day before PetSmart's representative came by, presumably so she would not be seen. Another animal,A supervisor said that he left sick snakes to die of starvation rather than put them down, admitting that “it sounds mean.” Some severely injured and ill animals were left to suffer for days with no food or water in a barren “put down” tub until a manager was finally available to kill them, at which time they were stuffed into plastic “poop bags,” gassed with carbon dioxide, and then tossed into the freezer. A supervisor told one eyewitness that he'd even found gassed animals trying to escape the freezer.
What You Can Do This case is not unusual. This case is not unusual. Reptiles by Mack is the sixth animal dealer with ties to large pet store chains that PETA has exposed, following eyewitness investigations of Holmes Farm, U.S. Global Exotics, Sun Pet, Rainbow World Exotics, and North American Pet Distributors. PetSmart is well aware that investigation after investigation into its animal suppliers has found factory-farm conditions, filth, crowding, deprivation, neglect, cruelty, and prolonged, painful death. Yet it continues to sell animals and do business with these mills. Please, pledge never to buy pet supplies from retailers that sell any animals. Let PetSmart officials know that you'll instead buy supplies from businesses that don't sell animals, such as Target, Walgreens, or online retailers.
CQ has reversed its just-announced policy that it would no longer accept logs for any CQ-sponsored contest from stations in Crimea operating with Russian-issued call signs and is adopting a new policy that is in harmony with ARRL's DXCC policy. In announcing the shift, CQ Publisher Dick Ross, K2MGA, cited concerns raised by “a large number of contesters around the world” that CQ was unfairly denying Crimean radio amateurs the opportunity to fully participate in CQ-sponsored contests.
“Since the country list for CQ contests is based on a combination of the Worked All Europe (WAE) and ARRL DXCC lists, and the ARRL has already adopted a policy regarding Crimean stations in its award and contest programs, we will amend our policy to be consistent with the ARRL's DXCC policy,” Ross said.
Ross said that listings of Crimean stations submitting logs for CQ contests will be based upon the call sign under which they operated. “If they used Russian-issued calls in the contest, they will be listed under Russia; if they used Ukrainian-issued calls in the contest, they will be listed under Ukraine,” he said.
Ross said the revised policy “reflects not only the desire of many contesters around the world, but also of a large majority of members of the CQ World Wide DX Contest Committee.”
In its policy announcement of October 17, CQ had said that contacts made in CQ-sponsored contests with Crimean stations using Russian-issued call signs would be removed from contestants' logs without penalty and with no contact or multiplier credit.
CQ sponsors several major international operating events, including the CQ World Wide SSB and CW contests. The CQ World Wide SSB Contest takes place this year over the October 25-26 weekend.
Finally, it seems like we have the attention of some of the members of Congress. As the result of an enormous outcry, the Senate voted down the rider that was recently approved by the House of Representatives. The rider would have continued Big Biotech's immunity against prosecution resulting from their toxic farming practices and questionable crops.
As of September 30th, the so-called Monsanto Protection Act will be dead. This is a major victory for anti-GMO activists as it is the first time that Congress has decided in favor of the constituents as opposed to companies like Monsanto, Sygenta, Bayer, and Dow.
“That provision will be gone,” said Sen. Mark Pryor (D-Ark.), confirming the change to POLITICO. The Center for Food Safety, a Washington-based non-profit, welcomed the decision as “a major victory for the food movement” and “sea change in a political climate that all too often allows corporate earmarks to slide through must-pass legislation.” “Short-term appropriations bills are not an excuse for Congress to grandfather in bad policy,” said Colin O'Neil, director of government affairs for the Center. (source)
The Monsanto Protection Act was passed last spring as a rider sneakily put into place by Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri (Monsanto's home base, incidentally.) It was passed by both the House and the Senate (see who voted for it HERE) , and then signed into law in a final act of betrayal by President Barack Obama, despite public outcry that the rider made the biotech industry untouchable and not subject to legal action regardless of the damage caused.
The biotech rider “could override any court-mandated caution and could instead allow continued planting. Further, it forces USDA to approve permits for such continued planting immediately, putting industry completely in charge by allowing for a ‘back door approval' mechanism,” the Center for Food Safety said earlier this month upon news the House was reviving the measure. (source)
As the rider is due to expire at the end of this month, a renewal of the policy was written in and passed by the House last week, slipped into an important bill related to the federal budget, the FY14 Continuing Resolution (CR) spending bill.
Monsanto and its allies have argued that what the company sought was no more than what some federal courts have done themselves in the past: Allow farmers to continue to use GMO seed –under environmental guidelines—while the court review continues. Monsanto successfully expanded support among farm groups also interested in some such stewardship program. But the language itself was unusually strong in that it directed Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in no uncertain terms about how he should respond in future court cases impacting GMO seeds. The secretary “shall, notwithstanding any other provision of law… immediately grant” temporary permits to continue using the seed at the request of a farmer or producer wanting such a stewardship program, the provision reads. And while Vilsack has been a big champion of the biotech industry, he was uncomfortable with what he saw as an effort to “pre-empt judicial review.” “We have all known this rider's days were numbered,” O'Neil told POLITICO. “But given the recent GMO contamination episodes of wheat and alfalfa in Oregon and Washington it is clear that our nation's safeguards, in particular those of the federal courts, should not be under attack from policy riders like this.” (source)
This proves that by keeping a close watch on what our members of Congress are doing, and by holding them publically accountable, we can affect changes. If we keep our momentum going, Big Biotech can be defeated.
Much of Canada's incessant health-care debate is taken up with arguments over waiting lists and costs. So it's beneficial to be reminded occasionally that relatively uncontroversial measures that are, on the face of it, only tangential to health can sometimes yield surprising results.
For example, small tweaks to the tax system.
A recent study of cardiovascular health in the United States examined a handful of different scenarios – including mass-media campaigns, price increases and price reductions – under which it might be possible to increase consumption of fruits and vegetables and cut that of sugar-laden carbonated drinks.
Story continues below advertisement
The peer-reviewed paper, in PLOS Medicine, delivered a striking finding: A 10-per-cent subsidy on the price of vegetables and fruits could result in about 150,000 "deaths prevented or postponed by 2030 in the U.S."
It's not a simple case of extrapolating those figures directly to the Canadian example. But the risk factors are similar. The relationship between a healthy diet and lower incidences of cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer does not end at the 49th parallel.
In fact, the Heart and Stroke Foundation warned in its 2016 report on the health of Canadians that heart failure is "a growing epidemic."
So what if part of the answer is as simple as enacting what behavioural economists would call a "nudge"?
According to Statistics Canada's Canadian Community Health Survey, nearly six in 10 children under 12 do not eat the daily recommended amount of plant-based foods.
Adults are scarcely better: Their average consumption has largely remained flat since 2003.
Based on the PLOS Medicine study, it should be eminently possible to design a fiscal-policy incentive to make fruits and vegetables a less expensive, more attractive proposition.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
This isn't about a nanny state dictating people's food choices; it's about governments creating incentives for Canadians to look after themselves better.
And, according to the PLOS Medicine study, it turns out that lowering the cost of healthy foods may be better policy than raising taxes on sugary soft drinks, as some are calling for in Canada.
The idea that lower costs might stimulate healthier eating is not an especially novel one. Several groups, including the Heart and Stroke Foundation, have been agitating for subsidies for years.
What's new is robust statistical evidence that it might actually work. Maybe we should give it a try.
AKRON, Ohio -- A union president, government watchdog and a host of familiar face politicians are among the 29 candidates running for 10 Akron City Council ward seats.
Among the most tightly contested seats will be Ward 10, which council President Garry Moneypenny vacated when he became mayor for 10 days. New council President Mike Freeman's Ward 9 seat, Tara Mosley-Samples' Ward 5 seat and Bob Hoch's Ward 6 seat are also competitive.
There are also 14 candidates -- 10 Democrats and four Republicans -- running for the three at-large Akron City Council seats. Only the Democrats will hold a September primary.
Here is a rundown of the races for Akron City Council. If you are unsure about which wards are where, click here to view a map.
Ward 10
Former state Rep. Zack Milkovich and United Steelworkers local President Jack Hefner have the most political experience on the Democratic ballot. Hefner will likely be chosen as a temporary replacement in the council seat next week.
Eric Garrett, the owner of Beating Expectations barber college who applied for a $50,000 city grant and was denied by City Council, is also running.
On the Republican side is Wayne Darlington, a former Summit County Board of Elections employee who attends nearly every city council meeting.
Ward 9
Attorney Nolan James will oppose current Council President Mike Freeman on the Democratic side of the ticket.
James, a 28-year-old Cleveland native, got his start in city politics after meeting Neighborhood Assistance Director John Valle at a University Park Alliance event in 2012.
John Cooper has entered the race as a Republican.
Ward 8
Longtime incumbent Marilyn Keith, a Democrat, does not have a primary opponent. She will face Republican challenger Pastor Michael Martin in the November election.
Ward 7
Democratic Councilman Donnie Kammer, who was elected council president pro tempore during Thursday's special meeting, does not have a primary opponent and will face Republican Charles Garman in the November election.
Ward 6
Democratic Councilman Bob Hoch, who was uninvited from former Mayor Don Plusquellic's State of the City speech after questioning his request to buy $1.9 million worth of construction equipment, is facing two challengers in the Democratic primary.
Danny Gable, a longtime Ellet residen, former Summit County deputy sheriff and president of the Ellet Peewee Football Association and attorney Bradford Carlton are running.
The Ward 6 community rallied behind Hoch during the debacle with Plusquellic. Residents of the ward packed council chambers to show their support and ACME Food Markets CEO Steve Albrecht wrote a letter of support to the Akron Beacon Journal.
Ward 5
Former Councilman Ken Jones is back in the race against Councilwoman Mosley-Samples. Samples had anticipated several months ago that Jones, who she defeated in the 2013 primary, would challenge her again.
Jones filed a complaint with the Summit County Board of Elections in the last race, claiming Mosley-Samples did not live at the address she listed in Ward 5. The board upheld Samples' residency.
The winner of the Democratic primary will face Republican Gene Littlefield in November.
Ward 4
One of the most crowded ward primary will be Russ Neal's.
Neal, who lost a vote to become council president 7-5 last week, will face Jim Jeffries, an unknown, and Eufrancia Lash, a public relations consultant and University of Akron graduate, in the Democratic primary.
The winner of that primary will face Republican Travis Johns in the November election.
Ward 3
Margo Sommerville, who replaced her father Marco on council in 2012 and was affirmed by voters the following year, will face Valerie Edgerson in the primary.
Edgerson lost to Sommerville in the 2013 primary (see a campaign video below). The winner will face Republican Jerry Nathaniel Christian in November.
Ward 2
Councilman James Hurley will face former City Councilman Bruce Kilby in a primary battle for Ward 2.
Kilby served two stints on council before he lost to Hurley and resigned in November 2013. He was arrested for driving with an open container of alcohol while his grandson in his car the following January.
The primary winner will face Republican Lorenzo Butts.
Ward 1
Rich Swirsky will face no Democratic challenger in Ward 1. Republican Christina Barry will square off for the seat in November.
Barry listed her address in the race in Cuyahoga Falls. It is unclear if she has another residence in Akron.
Click here to read the full list of Summit County 2015 candidates on mobile.
Credit: Marvel Studios
Credit: Marvel Studios
So what's RDJ's “big announcement”..?
Earlier this week Iron Man actor Robert Downey Jr. tweeted a solo Iron Man teaser poster for May's Avengers: Age of Ultron. But he didn't stop there - along with the poster, he promised a "big announcement" to come on (by our calculations) March 5.
Naturally, the online speculation mill immediately went into overdrive, attempting to predict just what Downey's big news will be. Suggestions ranged from the obvious to the patently unlikely, with many simply coming to the conclusion that Downey will finally announce Iron Man 4.
Now one can't ignore that possibility, but there are also some quite obvious cases against such a move. Downey's already set to co-star in 2016's Captain America: Civil War, will obviously be a major player in The Avengers: Infinity War two-fer, and unless Marvel bumps Black Panther, Captain Marvel and The Inhumans again after bumping them all once already for Marvel Studios-produced Spider-Man reboot, Downey will be looking at the next Iron Man installment in 2020.
Possible? Certainly.
Likely? We're not betting our kids' college funds (and they'll need them by 2020).
Credit: Marvel Studios
Other popular possibilities are the announcement of things not directly related to Downey himself, like the identity of what Spider-Man Marvel will incorporate into the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and/or the actor that will play him (or her..? nah).
Overlooked somewhat has been the fact seven upcoming Marvel films need directors – Thor: Ragnarok, and the aforementioned Spider-Man, Infinity War 1 and 2 (although they're likely to be directed by the same person or persons and the Russo brothers are the assumed frontrunners), as well as Black Panther, Captain Marvel and The Inhumans.
But how likely is it RDJ was acting as company cheerleader and teasing an announcement that has nothing to do with him?
Unless…
(this is the part where we tie two seemingly disparate things together)…
… is Robert Downey Jr. and Marvel going to announce he's directing an upcoming Marvel movie..?
Follow us on this one for a minute…
Despite years of being cagey about his future as Iron Man and Tony Stark, RDJ's stance changed very suddenly and somewhat contradictingly in early October 2014 just a short time before his involvement in Captain America: Civil War was announced.
Captain America: Civil War logo Credit: Marvel Studios
The two-day flurry of seeming mixed messages climaxed on an appearance on the David Letterman show with these exchanges…
“So what about the Iron Man 4? When will that be out?” Letterman asked. “There are no plans for an Iron Man 4, but there's…” RDJ replied. Letterman interrupted, “Why not?” and Downey said, “That's a valid question.” He went on to say, “There's no script for Iron Man 4, but they do have a plan, and I think they're going to announce it, they are very secretive about it.”
Later in the show, Letterman came back to it and said, “I'm so sorry to hear about Iron Man, they just couldn't get it together?” And Downey said, “There will be other stuff.” When pressed a little further, he said, “No, but I'm going to do other stuff with Marvel. I'm still going to be involved with Marvel and there's plenty of fun stuff to happen.”
Downey could have simply been referring to the then-not-yet-announced Captain America: Civil War as the “other, fun stuff” he's going to do with Marvel and how he'll still be “involved” with Marvel. That's the easiest explanation.
But there's something about the broad terms he uses and the fact he does not specifically reference Iron Man or Stark that gets us thinking maybe there really is some “other stuff” he'll be involved in besides reprising his acting role.
Now of course Downey, while executive producing some features including his last starring vehicle, The Judge, has never directed a feature film before. But he does have a production company, Team Downey, that he founded with his wife just a few years ago. Beyond that, however, his ties to directing go back almost farther than his career in front of the camera.
Like Tony Stark following in his father Howard's footsteps as a genius weapon designer, perhaps RDJ is graduating into the phase of his career where he'll follow in his own father Robert Downey, Sr.'s footsteps. ‘RDS' is a long-time and well-known (if not commercially famous) director, who gave his son his first role at the ripe old age of 5 in the film Pound. RDJ has literally grown up on movie sets, both in front of and behind the camera.
And Marvel has taken their fair share of chances with inexperienced feature film directors before. Captain America: The Winter Soldier's the Russo brothers were primarily known for sitcoms never having worked on a production the scale of The Winter Soldier before taking the helm of what became one of Marvel's biggest success stories. Marvel Studios head honcho Kevin Feige has expressed pride over Marvel's “unconventional" choices for directors, and directors have expressed appreciation for the support and collaboration involved in a Marvel production (which to be fair, has driven some directors away, as well).
The Marvel-RDJ relationship is a unique one, born of an upstart studio taking a risk in producing their own films and taking a further risk in selecting an actor at the crossroads of his career (and in some respects, life) to anchor their endeavor. As Marvel and Downey have evolved together and separately they've seemingly survived issues regarding the actor's compensation that would and could have ended a lot of similar relationships, and perhaps… just perhaps, this meeting of the minds – whatever deal they made to bring RDJ into Captain America: Civil War – is not just a really, really big check but part of a larger deal/understanding that will see his Marvel Cinematic Universe role evolve as a producer and even director?
But which film would RDJ direct? It's not central to the premise but let's assume for sake of discussion Marvel looks to a black director for Black Panther, and a female director for Captain Marvel. The Inhumans is way down the line and Joss Whedon and the Russos (again, heavily rumored) would seem like more likely choices for the The Avenger: Infinity War series.
Thor: Ragnarok could be an interesting choice. The Thor series has somewhat taken third place on the depth chart of the original three solo franchises and adding RDJ as director would give it a little kick to the equation.
Then there's a Spider-Man – another franchise in need of a kick. And who better to direct a reboot featuring the wisecracking web-head than Tony "Snark" himself?
And if RDJ was directing Spider-Man, it'd certainly increase the likelihood of him getting in front of the camera again as Stark to establish the mentor/protégé relationship between the two scientific geniuses – which was, perhaps not coincidentally, a storyline during the Civil War comic series.
And then of course we can go full circle and suggest Iron Man 4, but we think we've given you enough to chew over for one afternoon...
In this photo taken Thursday, Karen England, executive director of the California Resource Institute, left, and volunteers Grace LeFever, center, and Christina Hill, sort through stacks of mail with petitions for a referendum to overturn a new California law that allows transgender students to choose which public school restrooms they use, in Sacramento, Calif. (Photo11: Rich Pedroncelli, AP) Story Highlights The law allows transgender students to choose restrooms, among other rights
Opponents say the law hurts non-transgender students' rights
If signatures are verified, the law's fate will be determined by vote
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Opponents of a new California law that gives transgender students certain rights said Sunday that they had collected enough signatures for an initiative that would repeal the law.
A coalition of conservative groups called Privacy for all Students submitted 620,000 signatures to get the initiative on the November 2014 ballot, said Frank Schubert, the political strategist handling the signature gathering effort.
To qualify, at least 505,000 valid signatures must be submitted. To verify the signatures are real, each of California's 58 counties will first check that the count is correct, then conduct a random sampling of signatures to make sure they are legitimate. After that, it is likely the state would order a full review to ensure the integrity of the signatures.
If, after all of the reviews, the group has the requisite number of valid signatures, the initiative would qualify for the ballot.
"Many people said we had no chance to collect over half a million signatures in just 90 days, but we have proven them wrong by gathering over 115,000 more signatures than the minimum needed," Gina Gleason of the group Faith and Public Policy, said in a statement.
California is the first state to pass a law detailing the rights of transgender K-12 students.
One of the provisions gives transgender students the choice of playing on either boys or girls sports teams. It also allows them to choose which restroom that want to use.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed the law, AB1266, in September. It goes into effect Jan. 1.
The goal of the law is to reduce discrimination against transgender students.
John O'Connor, executive director of Equality California, the organization that co-sponsored the transgender student law, said he was alarmed by the initiative effort.
"Protecting this law is our number one priority, and we will put everything we've got into it," O'Connor said, adding that he believes public opinion is opposed to discrimination against LGBT people.
The effort to repeal the law got a boost last month when the National Organization for Marriage, which organized the 2008 ballot initiative that outlawed gay marriage in California, joined the effort.
Schubert, who helped organize the signature push, has also led successful campaigns to block same-sex marriage in Maine and North Carolina.
Supporters of the repeal effort argue the law violates the privacy of non-transgender students.
They said 400,000 of the signatures gathered were done by volunteers, as opposed to 220,000 collected by paid staff.
"It shows the degree of opposition that exists to opening the most vulnerable areas of public schools to the opposite sex," Karen England of Capitol Resources Institute, a coalition member, said in a statement.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cdmOAw
The most convenient way to clean up and speed up your PC and keep you safer online.
Advanced SystemCare PRO offers you the fastest and most convenient way to clean up and speed up your PC and keep you safer online. With a single click, its scanner checks for more startup items, privacy traces, junk files, invalid shortcuts, registry entries, and spyware threats. The Turbo Mode disables unnecessary services and applications that run in the background. The brand new Privacy Shield protects your sensitive data from blackmail and the brand new Digital Fingerprint Protection protects you from online tracking. Security Reinforce resolves your system vulnerabilities and alerts you if a program attempts to change your homepage. 24 improved tools are at your disposal for better PC maintenance.
Key Features:
Right now it seems like the Democrats are banking on Republican candidates being disagreeable, even hated, to the American people in order to win elections. That worked well for them in 2016. Oh wait.
The fact of the matter is that Democrats have been losing ever since President Barack Obama took office, with only a brief respite in 2012 with his re-election. Under Obama, Democrats lost 913 state legislature seats, 30 state legislature chambers, 11 governorships, 13 net Senate seats and 69 House seats. The only person Obama was ever good at getting elected was himself.
Democrats lost control of the House in 2010 and the Senate in 2014. And they're going to keep losing if they can't make an honest assessment about why they keep losing—even if their friends in the mainstream media bubble insist that they are the good people and Republicans are evil.
Hillary Clinton lost in 2016 to President Donald Trump, yet she still can't accept that maybe it was her and her awful campaign that did her in. On Tuesday, Clinton again blamed WikiLeaks and FBI Director James Comey for her loss.
“I was on the way to winning until the combination of Jim Comey's letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me but got scared off,” Clinton said at a “Women for Women International” conference in New York City. “And the evidence for that intervening event is, I think, compelling—persuasive.”
Clinton then, bizarrely, claimed: “If the election had been on Oct. 27, I'd be your president. And it wasn't—it was on October 28.”
Wrong date, Hillary! The election was on Nov. 8. Minor mistake aside, this “if only” projection makes no sense. Polls didn't show her losing until she lost. She could have still lost on Oct. 27. The sentiment is laughable when applied to other scenarios. If people talked about Russia in 2012 the way they do now, Mitt Romney would have won. If Ben Carson hadn't said so many dumb things, he would have been the nominee. If the New York City mayoral race had taken place on July 22, 2013, Anthony Weiner might be the mayor of Metropolis.
Hillary still doesn't get it. At the conference on Tuesday, she told the audience: “If you drive around in some of the places that beat the heck out of me, you cannot get cell coverage for miles and even in towns.” She was speaking in a larger context about how some parts of the country still don't have access to broadband—a theme she mentioned during her campaign.
But that seems to suggest she was insulting those who didn't vote for her. The discussion was fine—until she said, “in some of the places that beat the heck out of me.”
What she said is probably even true, but can she say it's not true of any of the places that did vote for her? Clinton lost Wisconsin—which she never visited—and Michigan, which aren't exactly rural states like Wyoming. Her comment comes strikingly close to sounding like Obama's “cling to guns or religion” sound bite. Coupled with Clinton's general problems with technology and speaking to those who don't agree with her, this statement comes off as insulting.
During these conferences, Clinton does give a throwaway line about how she's responsible for her loss or how she could have done better—but the majority of her remarks focus on how it's everyone's fault but her own. Her usual go-to excuse is sexism, though Comey, WikiLeaks and Russia are in the mix. Even some on the Left aren't buying it anymore.
Former Obama White House adviser David Axelrod has had enough of her excuses, telling CNN that “It takes a lot of work to lose to Donald Trump, let me tell you.”
“He was the least popular presidential candidate to win in the history of polling, and so it wasn't just the Comey letter, Axelrod said. “The fact that she was in a position to lose because of the Comey letter is something that deserves some introspection.”
Axelrod also ripped Clinton over the Comey comments, because “Comey didn't tell her not to campaign in Wisconsin after the convention” and “Comey didn't say, ‘Don't put any resources into Michigan until the final week of the campaign.'”
The Democratic Party is in a tough spot. I get that. Clinton lost to a man consistently described by the media as sexist and racist. And she managed to lose. The next time Democrats run a candidate, they (probably) won't have to deal with a Comey letter. Maybe next time WikLleaks will go after Republicans again. Democrats also (again, probably) won't have a candidate who misused her office to benefit her family's foundation or lied about mishandling classified information.
But they will likely run a candidate who goes down the same path of identity politics and running on issues that are outside of American values. If the Left continues to believe that outside forces caused Clinton's downfall—rather than her campaign or her platform—then it doesn't matter who they run. That person will struggle.
MINNEAPOLIS — Dozens of gay couples began tying the knot early Thursday morning at Minneapolis City Hall as Minnesota became the latest state to legalize same-sex marriage.
“I didn't expect to cry quite that hard,” said a beaming Cathy ten Broeke, who with Margaret Miles was the first gay couple to be wed at City Hall.
After Miles and ten Broeke exchanged vows and rings just before midnight Wednesday, Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak had musicians kill a few minutes until the clock struck 12:01 a.m. Thursday, when the law went into effect.
Then the attending crowd burst into applause as Rybak pronounced Miles and ten Broeke married. The couple stood nearby embracing their 5-year-old son, Louie.
“We do,” all three said to more cheers as they promised to be a family.
Forty-two couples were expected to be married by Rybak and several Hennepin County judges in the hours before dawn.
Weddings were scheduled to start at the stroke of midnight at Minneapolis City Hall, St. Paul's Como Park, Mall of America's Chapel of Love and at county courthouses around the state. One group planned a cluster of weddings in a Duluth tavern.
“I don't think either of us ever thought we'd see this day,” said Mike Bolin, of the Minneapolis suburb of Richfield, who was marrying Jay Resch, his partner of six years, at Minneapolis City Hall. “We met at low points in both of our lives, and to have arrived at this point — there's going to be a lot of tears.”
Rhode Island was joining Minnesota on Thursday in becoming the 12th and 13th U.S. states to allow gay marriage, along with the District of Columbia. The national gay rights group Freedom to Marry estimates that about 30 percent of the U.S. population now lives in places where gay marriage is legal. The first gay weddings in Rhode Island were planned for later Thursday morning.
In Minnesota, budget officials estimated that about 5,000 gay couples would marry in the first year. Its enactment capped a fast turnabout on the issue in just over two years. After voters rejected a constitutional ban on gay marriage last fall, the state Legislature this spring moved to make it legal.
Rhode Island becomes the last New England state to allow same-sex marriage. Lawmakers in the heavily Catholic state passed the marriage law this spring, after more than 16 years of efforts by same-sex marriage supporters. Both Minnesota and Rhode Island will automatically recognize marriages performed in other states.
Bolin and Resch celebrated Wednesday night with several hundred others at Wilde Roast Cafe along the Mississippi River north of downtown Minneapolis. Many at the event planned to walk to City Hall for the mass nuptials.
Dayton proclaimed Aug. 1 to be “Freedom to Marry Day” in Minnesota.
Golden Valley-based General Mills Inc. donated Betty Crocker cakes for the event, which was also to feature performances by local musicians and services donated by wedding photographers, florists and other businesses.
Weddings were not limited to the Twin Cities. In St. Cloud, Stearns County court administrator Tim Roberts planned to marry a couple at 12:01 a.m. at the courthouse. “It feels historic. It's an honor to be a part of it,” Roberts said. Midnight weddings were also planned for courthouses in Clay County, Polk County and elsewhere.
At Mall of America, Holli Bartelt and Amy Petrich from the southeastern Minnesota town of Wykoff were set to become the first couple married at the Chapel of Love. Owner Felicia Glass-Wilcox said she hoped to start the ceremony a few minutes early, so the vows could be pronounced seconds after midnight.
“We'd like for them to be able to say they are the very first married in the state, but for sure they'll be able to say they're one of the first,” Glass-Wilcox said. She said the chapel had four more gay couples booked for weddings in the next five days.
Bartelt, 33, proposed to Petrich, 37, in April in a photo booth at the Bloomington mall. It was a few weeks before the Legislature approved the law, but Bartelt said she was confident by then that it would pass. She had been in contact with a mall employee about the proposal, who later suggested the couple could be first to get married at the chapel.
Bartelt, a health coach, planned to wear an ivory-colored dress, while Petrich, a baker for Mayo Clinic, was wearing an ivory suit. A group of about 50 family members and close friends were planning to join them, including Bartelt's 10-year-old son and 9-year-old daughter.
“Everybody deserves the right to be happy,” said Bartelt. “That's really what it's all about. It's a big day for us, and a big day for Minnesota, and something I hope my kids look back on some day and say, ‘Wow, we got to be part of that.'”
© 2013, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Auction Description: Server Auction Details:
Dell PowerEdge R410, A Lot of 4
Processor: Intel Xeon Quad Core @ 2.26 GHz
Memory: 4 GB
Hard Drive: !!!! No HDDs !!!! (but caddies are included)
One item has 1 missing power supply (out of 2) but still functions.
(287623)
(274218)
(273272)
(280359)
Does NOT come with operating system.
This computer booted to BIOS, no further testing has been done.
Case has some minor wear.
Memory: 4 GBHard Drive: !!!! No HDDs !!!! (but caddies are included)One item has 1 missing power supply (out of 2) but still functions.(287623)(274218)(273272)(280359)Does NOT come with operating system.This computer booted to BIOS, no further testing has been done.Case has some minor wear. Comes with power cord. Does NOT come with any other accessories.
ALL ITEMS SOLD AS IS
Condition: GOOD Note: Click on pictures below to view larger image
All auction items are SOLD AS IS - WHERE IS. NO GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES ARE IMPLIED OR STATED. Any Bids not paid within 5 business days after bid closes, will be relisted as a new auction. You must bring your own help to load items. Some items are located at another site.
Buyers Premium: A Buyers Premium of 7% will be added to the final sale price. This premium if applicable will be visible during the bidding process and added to the total bid.
All Sales are Final and subject to Alachua County/Florida Sales Tax. Online Payment only will be accepted.
All Bidders are subject to the U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations as stated in the "Terms & Conditions".
Warehouse Hours are a follow: 8:30am to 3:30pm; Monday through Friday; Excluding holidays: UF will also be closed the Friday prior to UF Homecoming.
Please see UF Website for specific dates:
http://hr.ufl.edu/benefits/leave/holidays/
We DO NOT provide shipping on our items. Contact us for available shipping vendors. (352) 392-0370.
The ancient oceans of Earth were filled with monstrous beings. Long before sharks or whales – 520m years ago – there were carnivorous, swimming beasts that resembled giant bizarre crustaceans, and huge, spiny insect-like creatures that scuttled along the ocean floor.
We know about these prehistoric animals because of the fossils they left behind. But because these imprints are often incomplete, we sometimes have to guess the details of exactly what the creatures looked like. But a new complete fossil we found has helped solve a mystery about the origins of a certain type of scary-looking mouth. We now know it was shared by several different extinct creatures and can still be found in living animals today.
Diverse animal life suddenly appeared on Earth about half a billion years ago in the Cambrian period (542m to 488m years ago). One explanation for this is that an increase in the amount of oxygen in the air and oceans enabled carnivorous predators (which need more oxygen to support their active lifestyles) to evolve for the first time.
This spurred an evolutionary arms race during which animals evolved skeletons to protect themselves or to help them attack their prey more efficiently. In the seas, some creatures learned to burrow to safety in the sand and mud or evolved pelagic (swimming and floating) lifestyles to escape predators.
Some of the largest predators in the Cambrian period were primitive members of the arthropods, the group of animals that today includes insects, spiders and crustaceans. These nektonic (free swimming) predators were called anomalocaridids. Each had a set of swimming flaps down its body, a pair of large stalked, compound eyes on the head, a set of segmented grasping appendages and a circular mouth apparatus. This mouth was made up of rings of plates and teeth, and was remarkably similar to that of the “sarlacc” monster in the film Star Wars: Return of the Jedi.
Quite the mouthful
When the first anomalocaridid fossils were found, they were thought to be the remains of several different animals. The head appendages were interpreted as the tail of a shrimp, the body a sea cucumber, the mouth a jelly fish. However, painstaking analyses in the 1980s of the Burgess Shale fossils from Canada showed that they were a single animal and, at 70cm long, it was the largest known to have lived in the Cambrian period.
J. Vinther and F. Pleijel , Author provided
When what appeared to be a giant anomalocaridid mouth was found on its own in 1994, researchers used it to argue that some anomalocaridids must have been up to two metres in length. But in 2006, other scientists argued that the mouth was more similar to that of a distantly related group of animals known as priapulans. The modern day “penis worm” (named after its shape) is in this group and can grow up to tens of centimetres long in today's oceans. But the researchers imagined the fossil mouth must have belonged to a giant priapulan they named Omnidens.
Shared appendages
But we have now described new fossils that show both these theories are wrong – and right. The fossil comes from another exceptional site in the northernmost part of Greenland, called Sirius Passet, and is of a more primitive relative of the anomalocaridids known as Pambdelurion. It had large grasping appendages on its head and flaps on the body but had not evolved the unique appendage joints that arthropods have. However, we did find that its mouth was the spitting image of that of Omnidens, formed from the same three kinds of teeth and plates in the same circular arrangement.
Fletcher Young , Author provided
So it turns out that this kind of mouth was shared by anomalocaridids, Omnidens and Pambdelurion, as well as today's penis worms, and was present in their latest common ancestor, which probably originated sometime just before the Cambrian (540m years ago). What's more, we can now estimate that Omnidens grew to be 1.5 metres long. This is about twice the estimated length of any Cambrian anomalocaridid, which was previously thought to be the largest animal of the period.
This mouth worked with the robust grasping appendages and a complex digestive system to allow these creatures to effectively consume prey. This gave them a competitive edge in the brutal undersea world of the Cambrian. It was these kinds of features that helped shape the predatory arms race that accelerated the explosion of life on Earth and shaped the early seeds of modern biodiversity.
I can remember when the nighttime sounds of forests on the Big Island in Hawaii were filled only with the unique songs of native insects. Having studied native Hawaiian crickets for nearly three decades I've become familiar with the deep, cow-bell pulses of the Hawaiian tree cricket and the soft, sleigh-bell pulses of Uhini iki, the Hawaiian swordtail cricket.
Today, they can barely be heard.
So dense and widespread are the populations on the island that state officials have deemed the goal of permanent removal unfeasible there…
In the past few years, a population explosion of the invasive coqui frog (Eleutherodactylus coqui) has transformed the acoustic landscape of Big Island forests into a monotonous din, masking these native songs. Tens of thousands of amphibian voices, calling “ko-keee, ko-keee, ko-keee,” mask the songs of native endemics. So dense and widespread are the populations on the island that state officials have deemed the goal of permanent removal unfeasible there, focusing instead on eradication efforts for the remaining islands where the coqui has yet to deeply establish itself.
Now the coqui has arrived in California. With few, and relatively small infestations, California should act immediately to eradicate this destructive invasive species. The coqui may look innocent, and even sound sweet to some, but its brief history in Hawaii tells a tragic story of how delayed action can have devastating consequences for biodiversity and human well-being.
Although native to Puerto Rico, the coqui invaded vulnerable island habitats by hitching rides on commercial nursery plants. In Hawaii, home to thousands of endemic species, the coqui has had catastrophic impact following its introduction in the late 1980s. Unlike in their native range, coqui have achieved astonishing densities, often as high as 20,000 frogs per hectare (or 2 frogs per square meter), and sometimes over four times that number. These high densities likely arise because the frogs have escaped their natural predators and diseases, factors that regulate coqui numbers in Puerto Rico.
The coqui is a predator itself, and its high numbers are bad news for native Hawaiian arthropod species, which the frogs consume with voracious appetites. Each frog consumes about eight prey animals per day, and thus, in that one square meter, on any given night, a loss of between thirty and seventy invertebrates can be expected. To put this threat on a human scale, such a density would equate to approximately 20 Tyrannosaurus rex's per square kilometer. Admittedly, a T. rex might eat just one human per day; nevertheless, we wouldn't stand a chance.
For the Big Island's endemic arthropod species, this analogy suggests a grim future—and sadly, it is more than just a suggestion. In the last decade, frog populations have steadily expanded upslope from Hilo toward the Kilauea summit, such that now the night-time acoustic landscape is filled with a coqui cacophony, revealing massive populations of frogs. As recently as five years ago, native cricket numbers were healthy on Kilauea's northeast slope. Further surveys are urgently needed, but in the vicinity of Glenwood, where there once were hundreds of thousands of crickets, they are now completely gone. And what of the other tiny forest creatures that do not reveal their losses so readily through the disappearance of sound? One must conclude that they too have been vacuumed up by the voracious coqui.
There are also well-known human impacts. Coqui are loud, disturbing residents' sleep, eliciting visitor complaints at hotels and resorts, and depressing real estate values in infested areas on the Big Island. In addition, Hawaiian nurseries have repeatedly exported frog-infested ornamental plants, only to suffer economic loss when their shipments are destroyed or returned.
news Police and the national markets regulator yesterday alleged that a Russian hacker had last year broken into IT systems in major Australian financial institutions and manipulated penny stocks for a profit.
In a statement released yesterday, the Australian Federal Police noted that the the Supreme Court of New South Wales had ordered more than $77,000 to be restrained following a joint ASIC-AFP operation into the hacking of online accounts of retail investors.
Operation Emerald investigated an internet hacking, market manipulation and money laundering operation involving a client account held overseas that traded through Morgan Stanley. The suspicious trades, which occurred between 18 August 2014 and 21 October 2014, were detected by ASIC's surveillance team and immediate action was taken (with the assistance of Morgan Stanley) to prevent the profits from being distributed.
Following an investigation, ASIC uncovered the unauthorised trades were made by a suspected Russian hacker who allegedly hacked into a number of retail client accounts held with Commonwealth Securities, Etrade Australia and Australian Investment Exchange.
By using the allegedly hacked client accounts the suspected Russian hacker targeted 13 penny stocks listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and traded them in such a way that he created an artificially inflated price. Subsequent to this trading the suspected Russian hacker then allegedly traded out of the positions, collecting the profits generated.
Following ASIC's investigation, action was decided to be taken in relation to the profits of the trades. Following a referral from ASIC, the Commissioner of the AFP made an application under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, leading to yesterday's seizure of the $77,000. The matter has been adjourned until February 2016.
ASIC Commissioner Cathie Armour said: “ASIC will continue to work with its partners here and overseas to help smash any criminal activity that is targeting our market. ASIC has a world-class surveillance system to gather, match and analyse data to uncover misconduct, and its staff continue to monitor and detect suspicious trading activity and work with market participants to ensure account hacking is swiftly identified and stopped.”
ASIC also works with international regulators through the Intermarket Surveillance Group as part of its crackdown on security for online broking accounts.
AFP Manager of the Proceeds of Crime Litigation team (POCL) David Gray said the result of this joint investigation should serve as a strong reminder to those who wish to conduct illegal money laundering activities in Australia.
“Despite efforts by criminals to evade detection, the AFP and its law enforcement partners remain committed to taking the profits out of crime and will take every opportunity to stop criminals from reinvesting these profits to fund other criminal ventures,” Gray said.
ASIC and the AFP's statement acknowledged the assistance of Morgan Stanley, Commonwealth Securities, Etrade Australia and Australian Investment Exchange in the matter.
opinion/analysis
No massive surprise that this is going on — if anything, I suspect this will merely be the tip of a very large iceberg. And of course, we often don't get the full story from AFP media releases about what's happening behind the scenes. However, I must not that it is impressive that ASIC and the AFP were able to detect and stop the hacker. It shows that our financial system does have a degree of robustness when faced with this kind of threat.
Infowars.com
July 31, 2012
Filmmaker and researcher Joel Gilbert, speaking at the National Press Club, blamed the role of the national media, who've violated their journalists' creed by refusing to investigate and expose the obvious issues with the sitting President and his claimed, indeed hailed, background. Instead, reporters could win a Pulitzer Prize just by reporting on Gilbert's DVD and research (yet they won't touch the story). Meanwhile, all evidence indicates that Obama's official story is a fraud, with a classic Marxist background lurking in the shadows. Gilbert announced his intentions to send millions of copies of the DVD to homes in several key swing states to take the issue up directly with voters…
Get this bombshell film at Infowarsshop.com:
Obama's “Deeply Disturbing” Family Background with Director Joel Gilbert
Alex speaks to writer-director Joel Gilbert, whose most recent film “Dreams From My Real Father” presents the case that Barack Obama's real father was Communist Party USA propagandist Frank Marshall Davis.
ObamasRealFather.com – National Press Club, Washington DC, July 19, 2012
Transcript of Speech by Director Joel Gilbert, Dreams from My Real Father
Why does it matter who Barak Obama's father really is ?
It matters because Barack Obama sold himself to America as the multi-cultural ideal, a man who stood above politics. His father was a goat herder from Kenya, so he would bring people together, so the story went. As a result, the public perceived Barack Obama as a nice man with an inspiring family story.
However, as shown in Dreams from My Real Father, Barack Obama in fact has a deeply disturbing family background, which he intentionally hid, in order to obscure a Marxist political foundation. While voters will overlook some fudging by politicians, promoting a false family background to hide a Marxist agenda irreconcilable with American values is a totally unacceptable manipulation of the electorate.
At age 18, Barack Obama admittedly arrived at Occidental College a committed revolutionary Marxist. Based on Obama's own accounts, there can be no doubt that Frank Marshall Davis, a Communist Party USA Propagandist, and former Soviet Agent, indoctrinated Obama with a Marxist world view during his formative years. This is a known phenomenon amongst the radical left, referred to as “Red Diaper Babies” or “hand-me-down Marxism.” Much of the leadership of the SDS and Weather Underground were children of Communist Party USA members, including Katherine Boudin, Jeff Jones, and many more. David Axelrod is also a “Red Diaper Baby”, his mother was a Red journalist.
The Journalist's Creed
Obama's election was not a sudden political phenomenon. It was the culmination of an American socialist movement that Frank Marshall Davis nurtured in Chicago and Hawaii, and has been quietly infiltrating the US economy, universities, and media for decades.
As I speak today, here at the National Press Club in Washington DC, what strikes me as most disturbing is that any one of the hundreds of American journalists in this building could win the Pulitzer Prize, just by writing about the evidence presented in Dreams from My Real Father.
So today, here at the National Press Club, a great American Institution, I would like to recall the Journalist's Creed. The Journalist's Creed is a code of ethics for the profession of Journalism. It is posted on the wall in the lobby of this building in bronze. It was written by Walter Williams in 1906, when he founded the Missouri School of Journalism. The Journalist's Creed stipulates:
I accuse all major American Television networks and most Cable News networks of gross violations of the Journalists Creed.
I accuse ABC, NBC, and CBS network news Divisions of violating the public trust by refusing to cover my documentary film, and for ignoring all the revelations about Obama's background that other researchers have produced.
I accuse MSNBC of an intentional and often vile campaign of lies and misrepresentations to protect Barack Obama's false narrative.
I accuse Newmax.com of censorship and suppression of the news. On May 2 of this year, I paid Newsmax $ 4,350, in advance, for an advertising campaign. They pulled it at the last second. “Why?” They said it was because they wanted “to move to the Center”.
I accuse all leftist website-based news organizations of intentional bias – like Talkingpointsmemo.com. On April 26th, they requested a review copy of Dreams from My Real Father, which we provided, but instead they illegally copied parts of the film and put them YouTube, and wrote that now people don't need to buy the film.
I also accuse all the main stream print media, like the Washington Post, the New York Times, Newsweek, Time Magazine, all their ilk, of intentionally suppressing the truth about Barack Obama's history and agenda and refusal to cover my findings.
The public looks to all of the news organizations in this building, the National Press Club, for truth. However, an astounding number, almost all of them, have all failed to live up to the Journalist's Creed, and thus failed their responsibility to the public. Only a very few news organizations, like WorldNet Daily, Drudge Report, USA Survival and a handful of independent journalists like Jack Cashill, have done their jobs as journalists – with courage and honesty.
FOR FULL TRANSCRIPT, go to: http://obamasrealfather.com/breaking_news003/
The February jobs report is out, and it contains a key indicator about the economy available ahead of the Federal Reserve's next monthly meeting, in about a week and a half. The Labor Department's monthly report shows strong hiring in the U.S. economy for February, which saw the addition of 242,000 jobs and a steady unemployment rate at 4.9 percent. In an economy that's been looking for good news, it's encouraging that the U.S. economy has been adding jobs 72 months in a row.
January's jobs report missed expectations, but February's numbers exceeded them. Economists were expecting around 200,000 jobs added and got far more than that, and the unemployment rate, which dipped below 5 percent last month for the first time since February 2008, matched expectations. Job growth has been strong recently, with an average of 228,000 jobs added per month over the last 3 months. December's numbers has been revised up to 271,00 jobs added, and January's numbers have been revised up too, to 172,000.
In 2016, economists are looking for wages and labor-force participation to improve. While the January jobs report saw average hourly earnings rise 0.5 percent, February's report saw them slip by 0.1 percent. There's good news about the labor-force participation rate, though: It's edged up to 62.9 percent. The participation rate, which has been dropping and reached its lowest point in decades, has been a worrying part of the recovery as economists wonder whether those who lost their job during the recession will return to work.
During a fiery commencement address Friday at her alma mater Wellesley College, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took several shots at President Donald Trump without ever mentioning him by name.
Trump's presidential opponent invoked the example of former President Richard Nixon's fall and took aim at the Trump administration's budget, which she said shows an “unimaginable level of cruelty” toward vulnerable Americans.
Clinton began her references to the President by discussing the Nixon era and the changes that came after Nixon left office.
“We were furious about the past presidential election of a man whose presidency would eventually end in disgrace with his impeachment for obstruction of justice,” Clinton said to cheers and applause from the class of 2017.
“After firing the person running the investigation into him at the Department of Justice,” she added in an allusion to Trump's decision to fire James Comey as the director of the FBI earlier this month.
“We got through that tumultuous time and once again we began to thrive as our society changed laws and opened the circle of opportunity and rights wider and wider for more Americans,” she said.
“Now, of course today has some important differences,” Clinton continued, noting advances in technology and a “fragmented media landscape.”
“We can shut out contrary voices, avoid ever questioning our basic assumptions, extreme views are given powerful microphones, leaders willing to exploit fear and skepticism have tools at their disposal that were unimaginable when I graduated.”
Clinton told the class of 2017 that they are “graduating at a time when there is a full-fledged assault on truth and reason,” again to applause from the crowd.
“Just log on to social media for ten seconds; it will hit you right in the face. People denying science, concocting elaborate, hurtful conspiracies theories about child abuse rings operating out of pizza parlors,” she said. “Drumming up rampant fear about undocumented immigrants, Muslims, minorities, the poor. Some are even denying things we see with our own eyes. Like the size of crowds. And then defending themselves by talking about, quote, unquote, alternative facts.”
Clinton then criticized the budget proposal recently offered by the Trump administration.
“Let's call it what it is. It's a con. They don't even try to hide it,” she said. “Why does all this matter? It matters because if our leaders lie about the problems we face, we'll never solve them.”
A couple of minutes later, Clinton again called out the Trump administration for lying.
“As the history majors among you here today know all too well, when people in power invent their own facts and attack those who question them, it can mark the beginning of the end of a free society,” she said. “That is not hyperbole. It is what authoritarian regimes throughout history have done. They attempt to control reality. Not just our laws and our rights and our budgets, but our thoughts and beliefs.”
Clinton also said that Americans needed to address the concerns of those who feel left behind in the country.
“A lot of our fellow Americans have lost faith in the existing economic, social, political, and cultural conditions of our country. Many feel left behind, left out, looked down on. Their anger and alienation has proved a fertile ground for false promises and false information,” she said. “Their economic problems and cultural anxiety must be addressed or they will continue to sign up to be foot soldiers in the ongoing conflict between us and them.”
She encouraged Wellesley graduates to reach out to those people, noting that the same individuals may be hurt by the Republican budget and are not necessarily opposed to advancements in equality.
“Millions of people will be hurt by the policies, including this budget that is being considered, and many of those same people don't want dreamers deported or health care taken away. Many don't want to retreat on civil rights, women's rights and LGBT rights,” Clinton said. “So if your outreach is rebuffed, keep trying. Do the right thing anyway. We're going to share this future. Better do so with open hearts and outstretched hands than closed minds and clenched fists.”
A week ago Northumberland county council voted 13-0 that it was minded to give planning permission to a new open-cast coal mine at Druridge on the coastline just north of Newcastle.
If a final planning go-ahead follows, about 3 million tonnes of coal would be extracted over a five to seven-year period from an area of around 350 hectares, including storage space (350 hectares is about 1.4 square miles).
The environmental objections to the plan are striking. For example, the owners predict about 170 HGV movements a day along local roads during the whole lifetime of the project. The landscape impact is also severe although the developers say they will ensure that the local sandy beaches are unaffected.
But what about the benefits of the energy produced? How do they compare to using the land to generate electricity from PV? The answer is surprising.
Burnt in a coal-fired power station, the coal extracted from the mine will deliver only about twice as much electricity as would solar panels installed on the same site over their lives. The UK could get the same energy from the sun on only twice as much land as the coal mine, with very low emissions and limited environmental impact.
Comparison of energy production: the coal mine
1. The total output of the mine is going to be at least 3 million tonnes of coal. Higher figures are sometimes quoted but these seem to relate to the original mine, now with planning permission, plus several extensions that are not in the current plan.
2. Coal of the type produced at the mine will yield about 8,000 kWh per tonne. (This number is approximate).
3. So the total energy value of the development will be about 24,000 million kWh, or about 24 terawatt hours. (A terawatt hour is a thousand million kWh).
4. If burnt in Drax power station in Yorkshire (see Editor's note, below), the energy value of the coal would be converted to electricity at an efficiency of just less than 40%. The total coal output of the open-cast mine would therefore produce between 9 and 10 terawatt hours of power, or about 3% of one year's UK electricity output. Let's call this 10 TWh.
5. The operation of the mine and the shipment of the coal by heavy good vehicle and rail will subtract from the net energy value of the coal produced. But the percentage impact will be quite small - perhaps no more than 5% - so I have ignored it.
A PV farm on the same site
6. The open cast site consists of an area of about 250 hectares of mined land and approximately 100 further hectares that will be used for storage and shipment. The total is about 350 hectares.
7, A tightly packed solar farm of around 170 megawatts capacity could be accommodated on this area. It would last about 35 years. Future improvements in panel efficiency would increase the amount of power available per unit area. I have not included this.
8. A solar array of one kilowatt facing due south in the Newcastle area will typically produce just over 900 kWh per year. Allowing for losses in the system, the figure may fall to around 850 kWh per year.
9. The total annual output of a huge solar farm on the open-cast site would be about 0.144 terawatt hours a year. Over the estimated 35-year life of the farm, just under 5 terawatt hours would be produced, assuming a slow rate of degradation of panel performance.
The coal from the site will therefore produce about twice the energy from PV on the same area. Put another way, the same amount of electrical energy would be produced on a 700 hectare solar farm as from the 350 hectare mine.
Editor's note: Of course the lifetime of the solar farm is not strictly limited to 35 years, even if the performance of the solar panels will have degraded by then. Given the ever-falling cost and improving efficiency of solar PV, the panels would very likely be renewed at that point or sooner while retaining other infrastructure elements, and the lifetime of the solar farm extended at modest cost to 70 years or more.
Other considerations
a) Vehicle movements
10, The vehicle movements at the coal mine will be about 170 HGV lorries a day over the five to seven years of active mining. The total number of deliveries of PV panels will be 2,000 lorries, or less than 2 weeks of coal movements. For the remainder of the 35 year life, a PV farm would need virtually no large lorries. At the coal mine, there will be one vehicle movement every four minutes for seven years during a 12 hour working day.
Costs
11. A 170 MW solar farm would cost about £140m today. The total projected local expenditure by the mine owner is said to be £70m. This figure includes permanent employees and the chain of local suppliers. But the costs involved in converting the coal to electricity are not covered. These missing numbers include the money needed to run the power station at which the coal is burnt. This would probably add at least another £30m (or circa £10 a tonne of coal produced).
12. Electricity suppliers have to pay a tax on their output. The carbon support price imposes a £18 levy per tonne of CO 2 emitted when power is produced. This tax is meant to penalise the fossil fuel producers to compensate for the damage CO 2 is doing to the global environment, although it is widely regarded as being substantially lower than the true cost of coal. Burning a tonne of standard coal produces about 2.3 tonnes of CO 2 . The damage caused by the mine in terms of global warming is therefore judged by the UK government to be over £120m (3 million tonnes of coal times 2.3 CO 2 multiplier times £18).
13. The total cost to generate the 10 TWh of electricity from the coal will therefore be around £220m. A solar farm on the same site would cost £140m to generate half as much power or £280m to equal the coal power output.
14. Solar power is therefore currently just over a quarter more expensive than the coal from Druridge mine. Druridge has good quality coal close to the surface and near to railway connections. It is therefore perhaps the cheapest fossil fuel available in the UK.
If instead of using land in northern England, the country invested in an equivalently sized solar farm on the south coast where yields might be 25% higher in the very best locations, solar power in the UK would now offer electricity at the same cost as cheap coal.
Editor's note: Shadow energy secretary Barry Gardiner has called for the Druridge Bay planning application to be 'called in' for public inquiry by the new Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government, Sajid Javid. To support the call, please write to him at sajid.javid@communities.gsi.gov.uk. Urgency is advised as this power to call in endures only until 26th July.
Chris Goodall is an expert on energy, environment and climate change, and a frequent contributor to The Ecologist. He blogs at Carbon Commentary.
Editor's note: This article originally stated that the coal from the Druridge mine would be burnt at the Drax power station, however The Ecologist has just received this statement from Drax: "We can confirm we have not committed to purchase coal from the proposed surface mine in Northumberland. Future coal requirements are uncertain and we will continually review our coal needs to respond to market demand. 70% of the electricity we generate is renewable, using compressed wood pellets, while only 30% is from coal."
This article was first published on Carbon Commentary. His new book on the global rise of solar PV and energy storage, The Switch, was published last month by Profile Books.
More information on Druridge Bay from the Loose Anti Opencast Network.
Servo developer tools overview
Servo is a new web browser engine. It is one of the largest Rust-based projects, but the total Rust code is still dwarfed by the size of the code provided in native C and C++ libraries. This post is an overview of how we have structured our development environment in order to integrate the Cargo build system, with its “many small and distributed dependencies” model with our needs to provide many additional features not often found in smaller Rust-only projects.
Mach
Mach is a python driver program that provides a frontend to Servo's development environment that both reduces the number of steps required and integrates our various tools into a single frontend harness. Similar to its purpose in the Firefox build, we use it to centralize and simplify the number of commands that a developer has to perform.
mach bootstrap
The steps that mach will handle before issuing a normal cargo build command are:
Downloading the correct versions of the cargo and rustc tools. Servo uses many unstable features in Rust, most problematically those that change pretty frequently. We also test the edges of feature compatibility and so are the first ones to notice many changes that did not at first seem as if they would break anyone. Further, we build a custom version of the tools that additionally supports cross-compilation targeting Android (and ARM in the near future). A random local installation of the Rust toolchain is pretty unlikely to work with Servo.
Updating git submodules. Some of Servo's dependencies cannot be downloaded as Cargo dependencies because they need to be directly referenced in the build process, and Cargo adds a hash that makes it difficult to locate those files. For such code, we add them as submodules.
mach build & run
The build itself also verifies that the user has explicitly requested either a dev or release build — the Servo dev build is debuggable but quite slow, and it's not clear which build should be the default.
Additionally, there's the question of which cargo build to run. Servo has three different “toplevel” Cargo.toml files.
components/servo/Cargo.toml is used to build an executable binary named servo and is used on Linux and OSX. There are also horrible linker hacks in place that will cause an Android-targeted build to instead produce a file named servo that is actually an APK file that can be loaded onto Android devices.
ports/gonk/Cargo.toml produces a binary that can run on the Firefox OS Boot2Gecko mobile platform.
ports/cef/Cargo.toml produces a shared library that can be loaded within the Chromium Embedding Framework to provide a hostable web rendering engine.
The presence of these three different toplevel binaries and the curious directory structure means that mach also provides a run command that will execute the correct binary with any provided arguments.
mach test
Servo has several testing tools that can be executed via mach.
mach tidy will verify that there are no trivial syntactic errors in source files. It checks for valid license headers in each file, no tab characters, no trailing whitespaces, etc.
mach test-ref will run the Servo-specific reference tests. These tests render a pair of web pages that implement the same final layout using different CSS features to images. If the images are not pixel-identical, the test fails.
mach test-wpt runs the cross-browser W3C Web Platform Tests, which primarily test DOM features.
mach test-css runs the cross-browser CSS WG reference tests, which are a version of the reference tests that are intended to work across many browsers.
mach test-unit runs the Rust unit tests embedded in Servo crates. We do not have many of these, except for basic tests of per-crate functionality, as we rely on the WPT and CSS tests for most of our coverage. Philosophically, we prefer to write and upstream a cross-browser test where one does not exist instead of writing a Servo-specific test.
cargo
While the code that we have written for Servo is primarily in Rust, we estimate that at least 2/3 of the code that will run inside of Servo will be written in C/C++, even when we ship. From the SpiderMonkey JavaScript engine to the Skia and Azure/Moz2D graphics pipeline to WebRTC, media extensions, and proprietary video codecs, there is a huge portion of the browser that is integrated and wrapped into Servo, rather than rewritten. For each of these projects, we have a crate that has a build.rs file that performs the custom build steps to produce a static library and then produce a Rust rlib file to link into Servo.
The rest of Servo is a significant amount of code (~150k lines of Rust; ~250k if you include autogenerated DOM bindings), but follows the standard conventions of Cargo and Rust as far as producing crates. For the many crates within the Servo repo, we simply have a Cargo.toml file next to a lib.rs that defines the module structure. When we break them out into a separate GitHub repository, though, we follow the convention of a toplevel Cargo.toml file with a src directory that holds all of the Rust code.
Updating dependencies
Since there are three toplevel Cargo.toml files, there are correspondingly three Cargo.lock files. This configuration makes the already challenging updates of dependencies even moreso. We have added a command, mach update-cargo -p {package} --precise {version} to handle updates across all three of the lockfiles. While running this command without any arguments does attempt to upgrade all dependencies to the highest SemVer-compatible versions, in practice that operation is unlikely to work, due to a mixture of:
git-only dependencies, which do not have a version number
Dependencies with different version constraints on a common dependency, resulting in two copies of a library and conflicting types
Hidden Rust compiler version dependencies
Things we'd like to fix in the future
It would be great if there was a single Cargo.toml file and it was at the toplevel of the Servo repo. It's confusing to people familiar with Rust projects, who go looking for a Cargo.toml file and can't find them.
Cross-compilation to Android with linker hacks feels a bit awkward. We'd like to clean that up, remove the submodule that performs that linker hackery, and have a more clean/consistent feel to our cross-targeted builds.
Image copyright PA Image caption Police hope members of the public might have dash-cam or CCTV footage that could help the investigation
Two men who attempted to abduct a serviceman near an RAF base were likely to have been "part of a larger team", police have said.
The serviceman was threatened with a knife near RAF Marham on Wednesday afternoon and attempts were made to grab him.
Det Supt Paul Durham said the victim "only witnessed two attackers" but there could have been more.
Police are also appealing for dash-cam footage from people in the area.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The serviceman was attacked while jogging near RAF Marham
Drivers in the Marham and King's Lynn areas are being urged to come forward with video as it may hold vital clues.
"Many people now use these devices and they may contain something that the driver or rider isn't aware of," Det Supt Durham said.
'Dark people carrier'
The serviceman was able to hold off the attackers and return to the base.
Initial inquiries have revealed there were a number of people walking on Squires Hill, near Costcutters, around the times of the incident.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The police cordon around the scene of the attempted abduction was lifted on Friday
It is hoped CCTV could be used to help trace a dark people carrier that is thought to have been used by the suspects, who are yet to be found.
"While the victim only witnessed two attackers, there may have been more than two people in the vehicle and given the nature of the attack, it is likely they were part of a larger team," Det Supt Durham said.
"So I would urge people to review their footage from the week leading up to the incident and contact us if they feel it could assist the inquiry."
Police have now lifted the cordon at the attempted abduction scene.
Filmed over ten years by no-budget Director Franny Armstrong, McLibel is the David and Goliath story of two people who refused to say sorry. And in doing so, changed the world.
McDonald's loved using the UK libel laws to suppress criticism. Major media organisations like the BBC and The Guardian crumbled and apologised. But then they sued gardener Helen Steel and postman Dave Morris. In the longest trial in English legal history, the "McLibel Two" represented themselves against McDonald's £10 million legal team. Every aspect of the corporation's business was cross-examined: from junk food and McJobs, to animal cruelty, environmental damage and advertising to children. Outside the courtroom, Dave brought up his young son alone and Helen supported herself working nights in a bar. McDonald's tried every trick in the book against them. Legal manoeuvres. A visit from Ronald McDonald. Top executives flying to London for secret settlement negotiations. Even spies. Seven years later, in February 2005, the marathon legal battle finally concluded at the European Court of Human Rights. And the result took everyone by surprise - especially the British Government. McLibel is not just about hamburgers. It is about the importance of freedom of speech now that multinational corporations are more powerful than countries.
The Baltimore City speed camera ticket alleged that the four-door Mazda wagon was going 38 miles per hour in a 25-mph zone — and that owner Daniel Doty owed $40 for the infraction.
But the Mazda wasn't speeding.
It wasn't even moving.
The two photos printed on the citation as evidence of speeding show the car was idling at a red light with its brake lights illuminated. A three-second video clip also offered as evidence shows the car motionless, as traffic flows by on a cross street.
The camera that wrongly ticketed Doty on April 24 is in Northeast Baltimore in the 1700 block of E. Cold Spring Lane, at the intersection with Hillen Road. It is the seventh city speed camera that The Baltimore Sun has shown to have produced inaccurate citations bearing erroneous speed readings.
Doty's is the first case in which the vehicle was clearly stationary. City officials gave no explanation for how it happened.
Doty, a lawyer who lives in Lauraville, said he and his wife were amazed that the ticket was issued, calling it "shockingly obvious" from the images that the car was stopped. He has challenged the ticket and is scheduled to appear in District Court on Friday.
"It was like someone was so obviously asleep at the switch," he said Wednesday. "I thought that was not supposed to happen."
The city's speed camera contractor, Xerox State and Local Solutions, says each potential citation goes through two layers of review to weed out any that have a deficiency, such as an illegible license plate.
Then a Baltimore police officer must review the citation before approving it for issuance to the vehicle owner. Each citation says the officer swears or affirms that the car was going at least 12 mph over the speed limit "based on inspection of the recorded images." The officer's signature is also printed.
The Sun asked city officials why Doty's ticket was issued. Transportation Department spokeswoman Adrienne Barnes offered no explanation but said the agency would have more to say at Friday's meeting of a task force set up by Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake to study the city's entire speed and red light camera program. The city has 83 speed cameras and 81 red light cameras.
It isn't clear from the signature on the citation which police officer reviewed Doty's ticket, and police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi didn't say when asked, but added, "The department finds any error unacceptable." The department has said that a single officer can review up to 1,200 citations in a given day.
Xerox spokesman Chris Gilligan did not address Doty's citation. He noted in a statement that a "system-wide audit of the Baltimore photo enforcement program is ongoing and has resulted in implementing an additional manual review of citations at all camera locations."
The Sun recently published an investigation focusing on the city's speed camera program, which has generated more than $48 million since it began three years ago. The investigation found that citations can be inaccurate and that judges routinely throw out tickets for a range of problems.
The Sun has also shown that it is impossible for motorists to verify the alleged speeds with the information printed on tickets issued by Baltimore County, Howard County and the State Highway Administration.
Since the articles' publication, several lawmakers have called for changes to the state law that governs the way the city and other jurisdictions operate speed camera programs. Gov. Martin O'Malley said Tuesday that state law bars contractors from being paid based on the number of citations issued or paid — an approach used by Baltimore City, Baltimore County, Howard County and elsewhere.
"The law says you're not supposed to charge by volume. I don't think we should charge by volume," O'Malley said. "If any county is, they need to change their program."
scalvert@baltsun.com
I'm holding a bowl of dirt up to my nose, in hopes of getting high on the fumes of my backyard compost pile. The microbe that I'm after today is M. vaccae, a living creature that acts like a mind-altering drug once it enters the human body. It has been shown to boost the levels of serotonin and norepinephrine circulating in the systems of both humans and mice. In other words, it works in much the same manner as antidepressant pills. And yes, it is possible to dose yourself by simply breathing in the smell of good dirt.
The drug-like effects of this soil bacteria were discovered, quite by accident, about a decade ago. A doctor named Mary O'Brien created a serum out of the bacteria and gave it to lung-cancer patients, in hopes that it might boost their immune systems. Instead, she noticed another effect: The hospital patients perked up. They reported feeling happier and suffered from less pain than the patients who did not receive doses of bacteria. Further studies in mice confirmed the mood-boosting effect of the soil bugs.
So now I'm poking at the dirt in this dish, trying to release as much of the M. vaccae as I can. The compost looks like chocolate cake -- it's a rich brown-black color, and it holds together with that same kind of moistness that we love in baked goods. I'm eager for something to make me feel jaunty on this winter day. Outside, the sky glimmers a dim, silver-gray -- it's filled with clouds that Virginia Woolf would have described as "implacable." I have always been sensitive to such days. The dishwater light trickles through the window and infects me with malaise.
If you're fortunate enough to have a test suite which allows parallel execution, one small prove feature can save you a lot of time.
prove , of course, is a relatively new utility included with Test::Harness and TAP::Harness. It handles many of the little details of running test programs and collecting and reporting the output; it's one of those utilities that looks really silly before you use it, and then becomes indispensible within a week.
prove of course has an option to run parallel tests. The -j# option allows you to specify how many test files to run at once. I've had good success with -j9 on my desktop machine; the right number depends on your tasks, the number of cores available, the amount of memory used by each process, and the runtime characteristics of each process.
prove 's -l option adds the relative lib/ directory to Perl's include path, so that you can test pure-Perl code without running it through a build cycle or without having to add use lib '...'; lines to your test files.
The -r option searches a given directory recursively for .t files.
Thus, the command prove -lr -j9 t/ runs all of the .t files found under t/, up to nine at a time, and prefers modules found under lib/. This is useful.
Of course I have a shell alias with one more feature:
alias proveall='prove -j9 --state=slow,save -lr t'
prove 's state flag saves information about the tests run. If you save state, subsequent runs can use that information to determine how to run tests again.
I often have several types of tests, especially for code with user interfaces and data models. The data model tests exercise business logic, and the UI tests exercise control flow and error handling. Usually the business tests take the longest to run—and usually only one or two test files take the most time. When prove saves the state of the test run, it can schedule those slow tests first so that the fast tests can run in the spots where the slow test blocks.
Again, this all depends on your workload. Much of my code is more IO bound than CPU bound. I've seen slow tests take 20% or more of total suite execution time after everything else has finished just because they have so many points where they have to wait.
I regularly have test suite times under 30 seconds (often closer to 10 or 12 seconds) on moderately large projects because I can exploit easy opportunities for parallelism. Certainly the right tweaking and scheduling could get me more benefit, but running proveall and making sure that parallelism is possible from the start gets me most of that benefit with almost no additional work.
(This isn't solely an academic obsession; in my measured personal experience, the more often I can run the entire test suite, the easier it is to find and fix bugs. I won't go as far as to say that continuous integration is a crutch, but if you're using CI and can't run the most important tests covering most of your code in 30 seconds, you're shortchanging yourself.)
Since Ozzie Albies was demoted to Double-A Mississippi, to play second base alongside shortstop Dansby Swason, Albies has found his stroke at the plate again.
And Swanson's been even hotter.
In the four games they've played together (before Tuesday night), they are 16-for-34 (.471), with eight runs, one double, one triple and two RBIs.
In five games, Albies is 9-for-21 (.429) with four runs and two doubles. In the same time period, Swanson has played in four games, and he is 9-for-17 (.529) with four runs, a triple and two RBIs.
In each of their four games together, Albies batted leadoff and Swanson third.
Before Albies was promoted June 30, he hit .248 with two homers and 20 RBIs in 56 games. He had a .307 on-base percentage and struck out 39 times.
In an ongoing feud over a trade deal the U.S. is negotiating with Pacific nations, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) on Saturday criticized President Obama's recent statements about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP).
On Friday, Obama criticized Democrats for spreading “misinformation” about the TPP, alluding to Warren, who sent an email to supporters on Wednesday suggesting that the White House does not want the public to see the trade agreement. Obama said that criticizing the deal as “secret” was “dishonest.”
“What I am averse to is a bunch of ad hominem attacks and misinformation that stirs up the base but ultimately doesn't serve them well. And I'm going to be pushing back very hard if I keep hearing that stuff,” Obama told reporters on Friday.
“The one that gets on my nerves the most is the notion that this is a secret deal,” he continued. “Every single one of the critics saying this is a secret deal, or send out e-mails to their fundraising base that they're working to stop a secret deal, could walk over and see the text of the agreement.”
In a Saturday letter to Obama, Warren and Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) hit back at Obama's Friday comments and called on the President to make the current text of the agreement public, according to the Huffington Post.
“Members of Congress should be able to discuss the agreement with our constituents and to participate in a robust public debate, instead of being muzzled by classification rules,” the senators wrote in the letter, according to the Huffington Post.
Warren and Brown noted that the deal is classified, so while members of Congress can view the deal, the American public cannot. They also said that they are not able to discuss details of the classified deal with the public.
“We respectfully suggest that characterizing the assessments of labor unions, journalists, Members of Congress, and others who disagree with your approach to transparency on trade issues as ‘dishonest' is both untrue and unlikely to serve the best interests of the American people,” Warren and Brown said in the letter, according to the Huffington Post.
Last year my roommate Nola, who is in a happy and healthy relationship, asked me to help her create a fake online dating profile. “I just want to know what it's like!!!” she said.
While she'd heard plenty of my horror stories involving OKCupid, she was curious to experience the hell that is online dating for herself. And so, with the blessing of her boyfriend, Nola (a black woman) and myself (a brown woman) set out to create a fake profile for America's most average white woman–just to see what kind of responses she'd get.
We began by pulling photos of three or four average-looking women who looked kinda similar (we may have even googled “white lady”) from the internet and created a fake profile. For the main picture, we chose—our proudest moment—a stock photo of a white woman eating salad.
Despite our attempts to make her as unremarkable as possible, our girl turned out to be immensely popular, receiving a steady slew of messages from men of all races. WTF, I wondered? As an actual human who was legitimately looking for romance on OKC, her popularity bummed me out. I had not enjoyed nearly the response that our fake white girl enjoyed. Sure, I'm not stock-photo pretty, but surely I could be pulling in more than a “heyy ;)” every few days. I couldn't help but pin some of the disparity on the color of my skin–not as something positive or negative, just as a reality of dating in America.
Whether or not we want to admit it, everyone who online dates is forced to confront how we feel about dating people of other races—and how other races feel about dating us. It's baked into the swiping culture. But while some people own their swiping patterns, others might not be as aware of how their views on race affect their choices, according to a study published in the Journal of Social and Personal Relationships.
The study, conducted by researchers at Tennessee State University and University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, found that college-aged white men who endorse a “color-blind” ideology tend to be less attracted to black women compared to white men who don't endorse this ideology. Men who endorse “multiculturalism,” however, tend to be more attracted to women of another race compared to men who don't endorse multiculturalism.
Before we get into the study, let's talk “color-blindness.” People who endorse a “color-blind” ideology claim to not “see” race. They also believe that society should not take skin color into account—at all. This is a beautiful idea that evokes images of multi-colored stick figures connected under a rainbow. But here's the thing: That's not how race works. “Color-blindness” in practice assumes that everyone really does have access to the same opportunities, which is simply not the case.
People who endorse “multiculturalism,” on the other hand, believe that society is a melting pot—and that different races indeed experience the world differently based on the color of their skin.
Back to the study. In their work, the researchers wanted to see if the degree to which a man espoused “color-blindness” beliefs influenced the women he dug. To test this, they created eight different online dating profiles, randomly matching profile bios to images of three black women, three white women, a Latina woman, and an Asian woman. (In the end, the researchers only looked at the results involving black and white women.)
They then enlisted 124 college-aged men (62 black and 62 white) to view the profiles and assess their romantic attraction to each woman—gauging physical attraction, whether they had things in common, and whether they'd like to get to know each woman more.
The participants were also asked to complete three other tasks. First, they were asked to break down their friend group by race. Next, they were asked to indicate their endorsement of “color-blind” racial ideologies. And finally, they were asked to rate their endorsement of “multiculturalism” and acceptance of cross-culture interaction and cooperation.
The researchers found that, for white men, the more they endorsed “multiculturalism,” the more likely they were to be attracted to black women. In the same vein, black men who scored higher for “multiculturalism” were more likely to be attracted to white women. Yay, multiculturalism!
However, white men who endorsed “color-blindness” were less likely to be attracted to black women. That's right. Even though they claimed that race did not matter to them, when it came to attraction, it did.
The difference comes down to privilege, explains James Brooks, an assistant professor of psychology at Tennessee State and lead author of the study. It's easy to disregard racial realities when you live in a society that casts whiteness as the default, and you're white. There's no fallout when you sideline or “other” races romantically because, well, they're the Other!
Interestingly, the black men who scored high for “color-blindness” (which wasn't a lot, for the record) were also less likely to be attracted to black women. This seems confusing, but it can be easily explained by, well, the white privilege that imbues the “color-blind” ideology. Whiteness is still the default, whether or not you are actually white.
“If you think of the ‘color-blind' racial ideology as the dominant idea that positions people of color as less than white people, then it makes a lot of sense that, regardless of the race, those who highly endorse it would actually devalue women of color,” Brooks told me.
The results of this study are upsetting. And sadly, Brooks' study complements OKCupid data from 2014 that found while users have reported less racial prejudice over time (whee!), more than 80% of non-black men show racial bias against black women.
Notably, the researchers did find one factor that cut down on the tendency to endorse “color-blindness”—actual interaction with people of different races. “Not just contact in terms of a coworker in the cubicle next to me, but meaningful friendships,” Brooks explained. “I would definitely say that having a physical conversation with others who are different, or even others who are the same is definitely important for reducing [‘color-blind' racial ideologies].”
Brooks added, “Constantly addressing, challenging, and re-examining the way that we feel about folks who are different than us is an ongoing process.” But it's an ongoing process that no doubt pays off when it comes to interpersonal compassion and relationships.
As the authors write in the study, “These results are important because they suggest that it is more than a mere absence of prejudice that can foster interracial attraction but that a conscious commitment to the recognition and valuing of difference across race may be what is influential in interracial attraction.”
In his maiden budget, Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda said the bulk of future railway projects will be financed through public-private partnerships and his ministry would seek cabinet approval for allowing foreign direct investment in the state-owned network, excluding passenger services.
India's railway, the world's fourth-largest, has suffered from years of low investment and populist policies to subsidise fares. This has turned a once-mighty system into a slow and congested network that crimps economic growth.
The Narendra Modi government pushed through a steep hike in rail passenger and freight fares last month, and expectations were high there would be bold proposals to improve the railways – a lifeline for 23 million Indians every day.
On Tuesday, Gowda proposed the introduction of bullet trains between Mumbai and Ahmedabad; the revamp of e-ticketing services; the deployment of women police on ladies' coaches; and setting up a railway university.
Here are some of the key announcements:
– New trains: five Jansadharan, five premium and six air-conditioned trains; 27 express trains, eight passengers, five DEMU and two MEMU services; 11 train extensions.
– Resource mobilisation through leveraging PSU resources, foreign direct investment and public private participation.
– 40 percent higher allocation for cleanliness on trains and platforms. Cleanliness operations would be outsourced at 50 major stations; use of CCTVs at stations will be extended to monitor cleanliness activities.
– Feedback service through Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS) on the quality of food. Food can be ordered by SMS and phone.
– Bullet train proposed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad sector.
– Proposal to recruit 4000 women RPF constables to escort passengers in ladies' coaches; mobile phones for all RPF escort teams in trains.
– Revamping and introducing next- generation e-ticketing system. Wi-fi in A1 and A category stations (based on earnings) and in select trains.
– Setting up Diamond Quadrilateral network of high-speed trains connecting major metros and growth centres.
– Summer internships for under-graduates of engineering and management studies.
– A railway university for technical and non-technical subjects.
– To introduce pre-cooked (ready-to-eat) meals from reputed brands in a phased manner. Quality Assurance Mechanism through third-party audit of catering services; collecting feedback through IVRS on quality of food.
– Battery-operated carts to facilitate differently-abled and senior citizens to reach any platform comfortably at all major stations.
– Eco-tourism and education tourism in north-eastern states: special trains for pilgrim circuits.
Full coverage: Budget 2014 | Click here
Slideshow: Trains at a glance | Click here
(Editing by Tony Tharakan; follow Shashank on Twitter at @shashankchouhan and Tony @TonyTharakan. This article is website-exclusive and cannot be reproduced without permission)
Tottenham Hotspur have been in talks with the agent of Romelu Lukaku over a summer move to White Hart Lane.
The 20-year-old striker, who is on a season-long loan at Everton, is unlikely to stay at parent club Chelsea having fallen out of favour with the manager José Mourinho.
The Belgian has scored 13 goals in 26 games at Goodison and is valued at around £20m. Everton will do their best to keep the forward permanently but any deal could hinge on whether they qualify for the Champions League.
Lukaku's agent Christophe Henrotay told Belgium newspaper Het Nieuwsblad: "I'm looking for a club for Romelu. And yes, I've talked to [Tottenham chairman] Daniel Levy once, but that doesn't mean Romelu will definitely join Spurs. That's not a talking point at this moment.
"There aren't 20 teams that can afford to buy Romelu. He won't go from Everton to, let's say, Swansea. There's also a difference between Everton that plays against relegation and an Everton that fights for European football."
Hang tight, Golden state. Californians longing for "good old days" of steady rainfall might be waiting for a long time.
California's current drought could become a more regular phenomenon, according to a study published Thursday in the journal Geophysical Research Letters arguing that the storms that usually bring rain to the Southwestern states are becoming rarer.
"Droughts are occurring there more easily," Andreas Prein, the study leader and a postdoctoral researcher at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, told the Associated Press.
The study, based on broad storm patterns rather than day-to-day rainfall, suggests the Southwest's rain and snow comes primarily from low-pressure storms in the North Pacific Ocean off the coast of Washington.
During the years between 1979 and 2014, such wintertime storms formed less and less frequently.
"The weather types that are becoming more rare are the ones that bring a lot of rain to the southwestern United States," explained Dr. Prein in a press release. "Because only a few weather patterns bring precipitation to the Southwest, those changes have a dramatic impact."
All this points to a drier Southwest and more frequent droughts. Some researchers believe the Southwest and California are currently in the midst of a long-term "dry spell" that began after an El Nino 17 years ago, Henry Fountain reported for The New York Times.
Tree ring studies conducted by Professor Scott Stine of California State University, East Bay, among others, suggest that tumultuous "megadroughts" of 20 years have occurred in the last few centuries, and modern California life has been based on several decades of unusually high rainfall for the area.
“Equally important but much easier to forget is that we consider the last 150 years or so to be normal,” Dr. Stine told The New York Times. “But you don't have to go back very far at all to find much drier decades, and much drier centuries.”
The states of the Southwest may consider conserving more water than they have in recent decades, as California did last summer, as they return to the more water-conscious lifestyles adopted by the West's earlier settlers.
“Understanding how changing weather pattern frequencies may impact total precipitation across the U.S. is particularly relevant to water resource managers as they contend with issues such as droughts and floods, and plan future infrastructure to store and disperse water,” said Mari Tye, a co-author of the storm pattern study and scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, in a press release.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The researchers in the storm pattern study based their predictions on the storms between 1979 and 2014, a period when the Southwest experienced two major droughts peaking in 1988 and 2000, although these droughts ranked behind similar rainfall shortages in the 1930s and 1950s, according to the National Oceanic and Atmosphere Administration.
As such, the new study provides another measure of decreased precipitation in the Southwest, an area where some of the toughest battles have always involved water rights.
Bozeman, Mont. — The Statue of Liberty stands on a piece of federal land, but “federal” doesn't mean it belongs to Washington. This piece of real estate, 15 precious acres known as Liberty Island, lies in Upper New York Bay just west of the state line between New York and New Jersey, but it doesn't belong to New Jersey. Liberty Island is part of Statue of Liberty National Monument, created in increments by three American presidents (beginning with Calvin Coolidge in 1924) using their authority under the Antiquities Act. The National Park Service administers it, but it doesn't belong to that agency. It belongs to a schoolteacher in Vermont, a coal miner in West Virginia, a waitress in Las Vegas, a tattooist in San Francisco, and to you, and to me, and to every other American citizen.
Liberty Island is public land.
Those facts are worth remembering now amid the postelection clamor about shrinking the federal government and — among other constrictions — its role in land stewardship. Sell off the federal lands, some critics urge, or give them away to the states! Unload, transfer to local control, privatize! The 2016 Republican platform instructs Congress to divest “certain federally controlled public lands” to the states, without specifying which lands, and to amend the Antiquities Act, giving Congress and the states veto power over designation of national monuments.
The loudest individual voice in this argument belongs to Representative Rob Bishop, Republican of Utah and chairman of the House Committee on Natural Resources, who recently called on Donald J. Trump to abolish national monuments (most notably, Grand Staircase-Escalante, in Utah) created by Presidents Obama and Bill Clinton.
Whether a president has the power to abolish a national monument that was declared by one of his predecessors is questionable. Legal scholars I've consulted say, not likely, though a final determination would happen in the courts. Whether this incoming president may want to try it is also uncertain. Back in January, Mr. Trump told Field & Stream magazine that he opposed divesting such holdings because “I want to keep the lands great, and you don't know what the state is going to do.” That particular resolve, if it holds firm, deserves our approval and support. Public lands under federal management, including not just national monuments but also national forests, national parks, national wildlife refuges and other entities, deliver enormous value, of several sorts, to the communal and individual lives of Americans.
CHICAGO (CN) – An Illinois police officer who repeatedly had sex with a barely legal teenager in his squad car and lied about his actions cannot bring racial discrimination charges, the 7th Circuit ruled.
Larry Hall Jr. joined the Flossmoor, Ill., police force in 2004. Hall served as a “liaison officer” providing security at a local high school.
In summer 2007, Hall began an affair with an 18-year-old student. Hall was married and in his 30s at the time.
When the student's father reported Hall two years later, investigators determined that the two did not have sex until the girl had turned 18 and graduated. Multiple witnesses testified nevertheless that Hall and the student had sex in his patrol while he was on duty.
Investigators also discovered that Hall had used the department's computer system to send inappropriate instant messages to his co-workers.
Hall “referred to a sergeant named Clint as ‘clintoris,' and reported that another officer had been under the police chief's desk making ‘gargling' sounds, and called Village residents ‘Flossmorons,'” the 7th Circuit summarized.
The messages violated the department's prohibition using the computer system in a “manner that would tend to discredit” the department.
When interviewed, Hall admitted to having sex with the girl and sending the vulgar messages, but he denied roughly 12 times having sex in his patrol car or while on duty. He later confessed to having sex twice in the vehicle while on duty.
Although Hall initially insisted that he received no dispatcher calls while having sex, he later admitted that he once answered an emergency call and had to drop the former student off at her car.
Based on the misconduct, Police Chief William Miller recommended Hall for termination. He found that Hall had engaged in unbecoming conduct, neglected his duties, misused the instant messaging system, and violated department rules requiring officers to truthfully answer questions relating to their duties.
Hall filed suit, claiming that he had been passed up for a promotion and fired because he is black.
In support of his discrimination charges, Hall pointed out two white police officers who had traveled more than 20 miles from Flossmoor while on duty to move one officer's home generator. After receiving an emergency domestic-violence call, the officers had to “speed back to the village, emergency lights ablaze and sirens wailing.” One officer was suspended for 10 days; the other received a written warning.
U.S. District Judge John Lee granted summary judgment to the department, finding that Hall's promotion claims were untimely and that he had failed to make a prima facie showing of discrimination regarding his termination.
Lee determined that Hall had failed to meet the village's legitimate employment expectations and had not identified any sufficiently similar police officers who are not black.
A three-judge panel of the 7th Circuit affirmed Monday. “We agree with [the] bottom line, though not entirely with the court's reasoning,” the unsigned opinion states.
“The court placed great emphasis on the fact that Hall is the only officer known to have had sex in a police vehicle while on duty and then lie about it,” the judges added. “But ‘complete identity' with a comparator is not essential; a plaintiff simply needs evidence that a coworker's misconduct was similar enough to infer that the uneven punishments resulted from racial bias.”
Hall's dishonesty nonetheless distinguished his misconduct from that of the white officers.
“Hall's interview was scheduled in advance, and he knew the inquiry would focus on the former student, yet he still lied more than a dozen times about having sex in a police vehicle while on duty,” the opinion states.
The 7th Circuit also affirmed dismissal of the promotion claims. Although some of Hall's claims were within four-year statute of limitations of Section 1983, he had failed to offer evidence that the village had a policy of discriminatory promotions, the judges wrote.
Like this: Like Loading...
A new set of e-mails released today show that an official with Governor Snyder's office expressed concern about the Flint water situation as early as July 2015.
The internal e-mails were obtained through the Freedom of Information Act by Virginia Tech's Marc Edwards.
You can view them here.
In one e-mail, Dennis Muchmore, Gov. Snyder's then-chief of staff, writes the following:
“I'm frustrated by the water issue in Flint. I really don't think people are getting the benefit of the doubt. Now they are concerned and rightfully so about the lead level studies they are receiving from the DEQ samples … These folks are scared and worried about the health impacts and they are basically getting blown off by us (as a state we're just not sympathizing with their plight).”
At that point, people in Flint had been complaining about their water for more than a year. And an EPA memo that Lindsey Smith wrote about last July showed that people might be getting exposed to high levels of lead in their drinking water.
Edwards says the concern coming from the governor's office didn't stop the state's message that the water was safe.
“The whole drama and tragedy was allowed to play out over another couple more months at that point,” Edwards says.
He says the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services was directed to take a closer look at the blood lead level data in Flint – but despite having data that showed lead levels were increasing – he says the MDHHS followed the MDEQ's lead, and continued to claim that the water was safe.
“Unfortunately what happened is the scientists who were looking at that data reached out to MDEQ and were fed MDEQ talking points that there's nothing wrong with the water," says Edwards. "That everything in Flint is fine except for outside groups stirring up the pot.”
Last week, the governor apologized to the people of Flint, and promised to learn from the mistakes made there. State officials say they are working closely with Flint leaders and other researchers to make sure the drinking water in the city is safe.
Late last year, in the sparkling blue of the South Pacific, a huge volcanic eruption produced the newest island on Earth. The island, formed by the undersea Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai volcano, is "basically small pieces of rock on top of each other," as one scientist put it to the BBC.
"The surface was hot," Gianpiero Orbassano, a hotelier in nearby Tonga, told the outlet. He visited, and captured stunning images.
Courtesy Gianpiero Orbassano
The island is approximately one mile long and, according to Orbassano, dotted with sulphuric lakes. Local scientists have discouraged adventures like Orbassano's, saying the new island is unstable.
Courtesy Gianpiero Orbassano
Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai is part of the Ring of Fire, an area in the Pacific known for its earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. Such seismic activity doesn't only create new land, it can also destroy it. The most famous example is the 1883 eruption at Krakatoa, in Indonesia. That eruption was cataclysmic: The volcano destroyed most of the island on which it was situated. The sound it made is considered the loudest known in human history.
These days, the most active volcano in the Pacific is Kīlauea, on Hawaii's Big Island, which has been erupting continuously since January 1983—that's 32 years of nonstop lava-drip into the sea. Which means that Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai may have created the newest island, but Hawaii is still getting bigger every day.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Image copyright Scottish government
A Scottish government minister has resigned over previous actions which he said were considered "inappropriate".
Mark McDonald, the SNP MSP for Aberdeen Donside, said he was stepping down from his role as childcare and early years minister.
He apologised and said his attempts to be "humourous" or "friendly" may have led others to become uncomfortable.
He is one of two SNP members currently being investigated by the party over possible misconduct.
It is understood the allegations against him are not criminal in nature. The other complaint being investigated by the SNP does not relate to a parliamentarian.
In a statement he said: "It has been brought to my attention that some of my previous actions have been considered to be inappropriate - where I have believed myself to have been merely humorous or attempting to be friendly, my behaviour might have made others uncomfortable or led them to question my intentions.
"My behaviour is entirely my responsibility and I apologise unreservedly to anyone I have upset or who might have found my behaviour inappropriate.
"In light of my position in government, I believe it would not be appropriate for me to continue to serve in my role in the Scottish government at this time and I have tendered my resignation as a minister.
"I hope that in taking this step neither any particular woman nor my family will be the focus of undue and unwarranted scrutiny.
"It has been an honour to serve in the Scottish government and I will continue to serve my constituents in Aberdeen Donside to the best of my ability."
Image copyright Scottish Parliament Image caption A cross-party meeting has been held at Holyrood to discuss improved ways of tackling sexual harassment
A former Aberdeen City councillor, Mark McDonald was elected as a list MSP at Holyrood in 2011 and became a constituency MSP when he won the Aberdeen Donside by-election in 2013, following the death of Brian Adam.
The 37-year-old was responsible for a members bill on high hedge disputes, which passed unanimously at Holyrood. He was appointed a minister in May 2016.
Earlier this week First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Deputy First Minister John Swinney both warned men - including those in the SNP - to reflect on their behaviour as allegations of sexual harassment reached Holyrood.
A spokesperson for the first minister said: "Mark has taken the right action in apologising and recognising that in his current role it would be inappropriate for him to remain in government.
"He will continue to make a valuable contribution to parliament as the MSP for Aberdeen Donside.
"As the deputy first minister told parliament earlier in the week it is right that men take responsibility for their behaviour and it is to Mark's credit that he has done so."
Confidential phone line
A confidential phone line has been launched and an anonymised survey is to be carried out to determine the extent of sexual harassment at the Scottish Parliament.
The measure was announced after Presiding Officer Ken Macintosh held an urgent meeting with representatives from each party including Nicola Sturgeon.
A Scottish government spokesperson said Mr McDonald tendered his resignation to the first minister on Saturday.
"The education secretary is responsible for all aspects of the education portfolio including those led by the minister for childcare and early years. The first minister will appoint a new minister in due course," the spokesperson added.
Cctv footage of blast at Naya Bazar, chandni chowk. Watch the end.@timesofindia pic.twitter.com/PaTpioCWoU — Raj Shekhar Jha (@rajshekharTOI) October 25, 2016
Blast site at Naya Bazar in which 1 person has been killed and another injured.@timesofindia pic.twitter.com/YisDGlxA5Q — Raj Shekhar Jha (@rajshekharTOI) October 25, 2016
Prima facie it looks like a firecracker explosion in a jute bag: Virendra Chahal,Jt CP Northern Range on explosion in Delhi's Chandni Chowk pic.twitter.com/gm294OKYDm — ANI (@ANI_news) October 25, 2016
NEW DELHI: One person was killed and five others injured in an explosion at Naya Bazar near Chandni Chowk in Delhi on Tuesday morning.Initial investigations suggest that the blast could be due to a cracker burst. A lot of explosive materials, used in crackers, were found at the site of explosion, officers told TOI.Window panes of the surrounding buildings were damaged due to the impact of the blast.Police have not ruled out the possibility of terror angle.The police and fire departments were alerted about the blast around 10.45am.Several police teams led by DCP Madhur Verma apart from fire officials and 3 fire tenders were rushed to the spot.Delhi's anti-terror wing, Special Cell, have also reached the spot.Crime and forensic teams have taken samples and the area has been cordoned off.
It's been nonstop 7th Edition talk for a week, but let's take a break to look at the latest Ork Chatter:
Orks are hot on the heels of 7th, (so June), and we have yet another source talking about kits that are jiving with stuff we've heard of late:
Look for the following:
– A new Ork Boys box triple-combo kit covering: Tank-Bustas, Kommandos, Flashgitz
– Buggie Combo kit (making the existing buggy and a new unknown kit)
– Mega-nobz Combo kit (making the existing Mega-nobz and a new unknown kit)
– Kopta Combo kit (making the existing Kopta and a new unknown kit) -Stompa is said to included in the codex as a Lord of War
This latest set of rumors lines up pretty well with this set of rumors from past month:
Orks – 5 Kits 1) Plastic Warboss: Multi-part plastic kit which make a warboss in mega armor with new weapon options.
2) Deffkoptas: Plastic box. Dual build kit with a new Grot skimmer.
3) Tankbustas/Flashgitz/Ardboys: Multi-part plastic kit which makes any of the three units.
4) Buggy/Halftrakk Plastic kit with a new Supa-rokkit Launcha option.
5) Mek/Mad-doc/Mega-armor unit (NEW): Plastic dual unit kit – First unit is similar to oversized Cyb-orks. Shoots new saw-cannon. Second unit option makes mega armor Orks
~If you listen closely you can almost hear the WAAAAGH in the distance…
Hey everyone! Welcome to my soul's brain….
Thanks so much for taking time to visit me here.
Ok, so I decided to do things a bit differently this time around. I have a new album coming out in early 2014 on my good friend Drapht's indi label ‘The Ayems". I've also joined forces with my new friends at PledgeMusic to be able to bring all my friends, listeners, and overall music lovers aboard for the whole experience of putting out this new album of mine.
Since many of you have supported me from the beginning, I felt I just HAD to make you as involved as possible with the release of this new record, as music is nothing without ears to hear, and souls to connect. Writing these songs with my peeps, Sensible J, Dutch, Ta-Ku, Styalz Fuego, Matt Kent and crew has been unreal, and I'm amped for you to hear them.
When you pledge to pre-order my new album here, you'll have the chance to get all of my exclusive updates and videos about what I'm doing in the studio, how things are progressing and what's next in the process for the album. You'll also have the chance to get involved in some super exclusive merchandise and interactive experiences that I've never made available or done before -- that stuff in going to be a bonkers!
And not only will you be getting involved with new music by joining my Pledge campaign, but a portion of your pledge will also go to an amazing charity near and dear to me. Lots of incredible & beautiful things happening here!
I've never done anything like this before, so I am beyond ecstatic to be able to have the chance to put a record out like this and for you guys to be right here with me the whole time.
So, please join in on the fun of my new chit, and come along as we head to some brand-new dimensions in music together!
Peace & Light…. N.
Human perception can recognise objects through image features, such as shapes and curves. For example, we can identify faces, animals, cars, and other daily objects in simple sketch images. For computers, however, recognising objects or image features are challenging tasks.
Accurate modelling of image features is very important in a wide range of computer vision applications, for example: image registration, 3D reconstruction, and object detection. In future technologies such as Google Car, virtual reality, or AI brain, image features will remain fundamental components. In spite of the fact that hundreds of solutions for the detection of image features already exist, up until now there had been a solid concept missing.
In his doctoral dissertation at the Department of Applied Physics and Electronics, Bo Li has developed a breakthrough concept in computer vision: interest curves.
“With this method, the computer can redraw an image using curve strokes and recognise objects through these curves,” says Bo Li.
Interest curves perceived by a computer.
The concept brings about brand-new dimensions of understanding image features including points, regions, lines, and curves. It also enables these features to be represented within the same theoretical framework. It advances the standard for future research regarding image features, at the same time as it provides practical guidance to the field.
According to Bo Li, the most important element in feature extraction is the robustness. His results show that his method enables curves and lines to be detected robustly under various image transformations and disturbances.
In the past, curves and lines have not been as popular as points and regions in the field of computer vision because they lack enough robustness and Li's new theory and algorithms will change this.
“Curves and lines are naturally more useful than points, because humans use these shapes to describe the world,” explains Bo Li.
His doctorate work shows many advantages of using curve features in computer vision applications.
The dissertation has been published digitally
For more information, please contact:
Bo Li, Department of Applied Physics and ElectronicsPhone: +46 76-025 82 01, +46 90-786 68 24
Email: bo.li@umu.se
Press photo for download. Photo: Bo Li
About the author:
Bo Li comes from China. He received a B.E. degree in automation from Tianjin University, China, in 2006, an M.S. Degree in intelligent system and robotics from University of Essex, United Kingdom, in 2009.
He is undertaking his PhD studies in signal processing at Umeå University, from 2010 to 2015. His research interests include image processing, pattern recognition and robotics.
About the dissertation defence:
On Friday 27 November, Bo Li, Department of Applied Physics and Electronics at Umeå University defends his dissertation entitled “Interest curves: concept, evaluation, implementation and applications”.
Opponent is Professor Emeritus Björn Kruse, Department of Science and Technology, Linköping University, Sweden.
Supervisor is Ulrik Söderström at the Department of Applied Physics and Electronics, Umeå University, and Haibo Li at the School of Computer Science and Communication, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm.
The public defence of the dissertation will take place at 13:00 in the MIT building, room MA121.
Editor: Anna Lawrence
Indeed, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII is finally releasing for Windows PC in December. After multiple delays, Square Enix decided to break the silence and let the producer Yoshinori Kitase to make an announcement on the official Twitter account:
“It's time for a status report about Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII development. We're currently in the finishing stages of the development and it seems that we're able to release the PC version in December. Perviously, we announced that the game would be releasing in Autumn, but we have kept you waiting – we're really sorry about that. More information will be shared soon!”
–Yoshinori Kitase, Final Fantasy XIII Trilogy Producer
Originally, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII was released for Xbox 360 and PlayStation in early 2014. The game is also available for devices supporting PlayStation Now such as PSVita and PlayStation TV.
Like the French, Indians tend to consider secularism as part of their national identity. It is engrained in both constitutions. “If we are less secular, we are less Indian,” said Tarun Vijay, a B.J.P. member of Parliament and one of the party's ideologues. But while the foundation of French laïcité is to keep the government neutral in religious affairs, the Indian version of secularism “allows state intervention in the dominant religion” — Hinduism — and recognizes minority rights, Professor Niraja Gopal Jayal of Jawaharlal Nehru University told us.
Emboldened by its electoral success, which brought Mr. Modi to power in May 2014, the B.J.P.'s powerful ideological parent, a social organization called R.S.S. (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh) thus tends to equate secularism with Hindu rule: They would not mind it if the state were allowed to intervene in the affairs of all religions. France, in turn, has enforced laïcité in the public sphere more rigorously with the rise of Islam. It imposed a ban on all religious signs from public schools when the Muslim head scarf became an issue, but girls can wear a head scarf anywhere else, and Jewish boys are free to wear a yarmulke off school grounds. Burqas are banned in public space. A few right-wing politicians are now resisting the idea of school menus offering an alternative to pork, but they don't get much traction.
Hindu fundamentalists have a more radical view of beef consumption and the slaughtering of cows. Some states, like Maharashtra, have banned the sale of beef, and calls for a national beef ban are growing. The fact that Muslims and Christians are traditional beef eaters is not an obstacle. The B.J.P.'s Tarun Vijay, expressing a more stringent interpretation of secularism on the opinion website Daily 0, sees “beef eating as a challenge to India, its public display as an act of bravado,” adding, “It is a political act that has nothing to do with culinary practice or religion.”
In both countries Muslim minorities complain about discrimination — and with reason. But while many French Muslims, who make up about 7.5 percent of the population, feel targeted by “laïcité,” Indian Muslims see secularism as their best protection. One important difference is that radicalization is an almost nonexistent phenomenon in Indian Islam, while it is a dangerous (but limited) trend among European Muslims. Only 30 Indian citizens are known to have joined the Islamic State so far, out of 176 million Muslims; in France, the number of home-grown jihadists is close to 2,000, out of 4 to 5 million. So while in France, fundamentalism comes from the Muslim minority, in India it comes from the Hindu majority.
India has been home to Muslims since the 8th century; Mughals ruled most of India and Pakistan 400 years ago. In contrast, Islam's implantation in Europe is only a few decades old; France's law on laïcité predates their arrival. Today, as minorities, Muslims feel vulnerable. In France, the January terrorist attacks against Charlie Hebdo and a Jewish supermarket deepened the malaise, as many Muslims stayed away from the #JeSuisCharlie movement. When 4 million French people took to the streets in support of freedom of expression right after the attacks, they assumed that French Muslims would make a point to be part of this show of unity. Only a small number did. For many of those who did not show up, laïcité has gone too far. Allowing cartoonists to make fun of religious figures, including their Prophet, may be a French tradition; it is not their idea of secularism.
The CIA took an internal poll not long ago about friendly foreign intelligence agencies.
The question, mostly directed to employees of the clandestine service branch, was: Which are the best allies among friendly spy services, in terms of liaison with the CIA, and which are the worst? In other words, who acts like, well, friends?
“Israel came in dead last,” a recently retired CIA official told me the other day.
Not only that, he added, throwing up his hands and rising from his chair, “the Israelis are number three, with China number one and Russia number two,” in terms of how aggressive they are in their operations on U.S. soil.
Israel's undercover operations here, including missions to steal U.S. secrets, are hardly a secret at the FBI, CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies. From time to time, in fact, the FBI has called Israeli officials on the carpet to complain about a particularly brazen effort to collect classified or other sensitive information, in particular U.S. technical and industrial secrets.
The most notorious operation employed Jonathan Pollard, the naval intelligence analyst convicted in 1987 and sentenced to life in prison for stealing tens of thousands of classified documents for Israel.
Like this? Get more of our great articles. Get more of our great articles.
One of Israel's major interests, of course, is keeping track of Muslims who might be allied with Hamas, which rules the Gaza Strip, or Iran-backed Hezbollah, based in Lebanon.
As tensions with Iran escalate, according to former CIA officer Philip Giraldi, “Israeli agents have become more aggressive in targeting Muslims living in the United States as well as in operating against critics.”
“There have been a number of cases reported to the FBI about Mossad officers who have approached leaders in Arab-American communities and have falsely represented themselves as ‘U.S. intelligence,' ” Giraldi wrote recently in American Conservative magazine.
“Because few Muslims would assist an Israeli, this is done to increase the likelihood that the target will cooperate. It's referred to as a ‘false flag' operation.”
Continue Reading Here
Looks and seduction are by far the most important factors when it comes to online dating, be it on top affair sites or if you are just looking for casual sex. The reality is that a lot of married people go through marriage troubles that really hold them back and make them feel unattractive. That's why top affair sites are filled with profile images of sexy women's bodies that focus on how attractive they are rather than on what they are interested in. This same trend applies to singles looking for casual sex, which is why seduction is all about looks rather than description.
Top Affair Sites
The one thing that all the top affair sites have in common is that all the users look extremely sexy and focus on updating their profiles to keep themselves looking like sexy women that want casual sex. The reason for this is that we are a visual culture and seduction works best through images. Why is that? Let's take a look.
Seduction Leads To Casual Sex
Seduction works on the principle that something or someone you see turns you on, and makes you want to have sex with them. This happens because of physical features that present a seductive image to the world. Seduction means being proud of and showing off sides of your body other than your face that will attract people. For example, if you are proud of your breasts, why not make them the central focus of your profile pic? It's likely that you don't want to show your face anyways because marriage troubles have led you to a top affair site to seek casual sex anyways – so why not focus on a part of your body that is intimately seductive. Let's be truthful anyways and say that men will respond a lot more favourably to your breast image then to your face. You should not take that as a personal opinion against your looks though. The men that like your breasts more than your face don't think you are ugly, they just are seduced more immediately by your breasts. If it is casual sex you want too, then why not focus on the things that will get you casual sex the fastest, like showing off your body.
Seducing Sexy Women
As a man, you need to be able to do the same things. How do you make yourself seem seductive? How you get that primal urge of all humans to work in your favor? Well, start with a topless image of yourself that includes your face. Women love to see how muscular you are, especially if you have a nice face to go with it. Showing skin in a profile pic will lead to casual sex faster than any other image. You should add to the topless image by adding some images of you in a going out kind of suite our outfit. Showing your best self online can be sexy and seductive, especially if you are not smiling as much as you are looking with sultry eyes at the camera. Smiling and having fun is not a sexy look – sexy women will not find that attractive. What sexy women will find attractive is a photo of you looking strong and powerful, ready to take on the world. Seduction comes through the eyes as much as the body, so practice a few different kinds of stares before taking a photo.
How To Make An Online Profile
Chances are you are struggling with how to make an online profile that seduces sexy ladies and leads to casual sex. Do you know why? It's probably because you don't have enough images of yourself, or the images you do have been not revealing enough of your seductive side. So take them off and replace them with images that make you out to be a dominated man with a lot of power and charisma. You can focus on a classy look if that suites your personality better. Just always think about what kind of sexy women would want to have casual sex with the version of yourself online. Can it be more seductive? Then make it more seductive.
When it comes to descriptions of yourself, the solution is always short and sweet. The curiosity gap needs to be wide enough that sexy women want to know more about your naughty side, not about what your job is. Sexy women going through marriage problems don't care about your job. All they care about is if you are seductive.
BALDWIN PARK >> A person found beaten to death in a Baldwin Park motel room last week and was identified by authorities as a 26-year-old man was a transgender woman known to loved ones as Melony Smith, friends said Monday.
Smith, who was listed at the Los Angeles County Department of Coroner as Vanhxay Inthichack, was discovered dead in her motel room in the 13900 block of Francisquito Avenue about 1:30 p.m. Sept. 9.
Detectives Thursday identified Stephen Gonzales, 28, of West Covina as a suspect in the slaying. Lt. David Coleman of the Sheriff's Homicide Bureau said. Gonzales, who was already in jail following a drug possession Wednesday, was expected to appear in Pomona Superior Court Tuesday.
The relationship, if any, between Gonzales and Smith was unknown to both friends and investigators. A specific motive has not been released, however court documents show he was charged Monday with robbery, in addition to murder.
Leticia Alvarado, who works as a cashier at the motel where Smith had been staying on and off for more than three years, said she first discovered her friend's body.
“We became very close,” Alvarado said. “She called me sister. I was her sister.”
“Before I go to work, I always stop by her room and we have breakfast. That day she wouldn't answer her phone.”
Alvarado sent she went to the room and asked a maid to open the door and saw Smith's body lying on the floor.
“She was all bruised up. She had blood on her head. She was lifeless. I could tell she was dead.”
Investigators identified Gonzales as a suspect based on surveillance camera images and cell phone data, Coleman said.
Prosecutors charged Gonzales Friday with murder and robbery, according to a felony complaint filed in Pomona Superior Court. He was also accused of the special, sentence-enhancing allegation of committing murder during the course of a robbery.
Alvarado and another friend of Smith's, Misty Vale, said they'd never seen Gonzales before.
“We don't really know why he did it or what's the relationship with him,” Vale said.
The friends described Smith, who worked for a security company, as well-liked and mild-mannered.
“Everybody liked her at the hotel,” Alvarado said. She was very helpful to everyone. She was funny and outgoing.”
Though shy around strangers, “She was friendly to the people that she knew,” Alvarado added.
Vale said Smith had been saving up money for a car and was hoping to return to school to become a dental hygienist.
She grew up in the San Gabriel Valley, moving out of her family's home at age 16 because her family disapproved of her being transgender, Alvarado said.
“She decided to leave the house, because her family wouldn't understand,” Alvarado said. “She moved in with her cousin.”
But she continued going to high school and graduated from Sierra Vista High School, the friend said. “She was very proud of that.”
Family members could not be reached for comment Monday.
A viewing was scheduled from 4:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Wednesday at the SkyRose Chapel of Rose Hills Memorial Park and Mortuary in Whittier, 3888 Workman Mill Road, Alvarado said. The funeral will take place Thursday at 1 p.m., to be followed immediately by burial.
Alvarado thanked members of the transgender community who came together to raise money to help pay for the services.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
BERLIN – An Iranian court sentenced four Iranian men to 80 whiplashes for drinking wine during communion and possession of a satellite antenna.
The court issued the sentence in the city of Rasht on October 6. Christian Solidarity Worldwide, an advocacy organization for religious freedom, reported on the punishment last week on its website.
It noted that the men received the verdict on October 20, and then had ten days to file an appeal.Rasht is located on the Caspian Sea in Iran's northern province of Gilan, and has a population of over 600,000.The men sentenced are Behzad Taalipasand, Mehdi Reza Omidi (Youhan), Mehdi Dadkah (Danial) and Amir Hatemi (Youhanna). The Jerusalem Post spoke to Iranian experts last week, who said that the names in parentheses are adopted biblical names.Mervyn Thomas, CEO of Christian Solidarity Worldwide, said, “The sentences handed down to these members of the Church of Iran effectively criminalize the Christian sacrament of sharing in the Lord's Supper, and constitute an unacceptable infringement on the right to practice faith freely and peaceably.We urge the Iranian authorities to ensure that the nation's legal practices and procedures do not contradict its international obligation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to guarantee the full enjoyment of freedom of religion or belief by all of its religious communities.”In an October UN report on Iran's human rights record, Dr. Ahmed Shaheed, UN special rapporteur on human rights in Iran, wrote: “At least 20 Christians were in custody in July 2013. In addition, violations of the rights of Christians, particularly those belonging to evangelical Protestant groups, many of whom are converts, who proselytize to and serve Iranian Christians of Muslim background, continue to be reported.”His report further stated, “authorities continue to compel licensed Protestant churches to restrict Persianspeaking and Muslim-born Iranians from participating in services, and raids and forced closures of house churches are ongoing... More than 300 Christians have been arrested since 2010, and dozens of church leaders and active community members have reportedly been convicted of national security crimes in connection with church activities, such as organizing prayer groups, proselytizing and attending Christian seminars abroad.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former President George W. Bush had every intention of sticking to his self-imposed exile from politics, but found that the phone kept ringing with appeals from Republican U.S. Senate candidates for help, friends say.
Former U.S. President George W. Bush speaks on stage during the Symposium on Invisible Wounds at the Invictus Games in Orlando Florida, U.S., May 8, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
As a result, Bush has embarked on a rescue mission to try to preserve the Republicans' narrow Senate majority in a year in which many party figures fear presumptive nominee Donald Trump will drag them down to defeat in the Nov. 8 elections.
Republicans control 54 seats in the 100-member Senate.
“I think that this is a one-off, temporary thing that where he can be helpful he will be,” said Dana Perino, who was Bush's White House press secretary.
Condoleezza Rice, who was Bush's secretary of state and is now a political science professor at Stanford University, is also raising money for Republican candidates, but on Friday ruled out speculation that she might be drafted as Trump's vice presidential running mate.
“Dr. Rice has repeatedly said in past cycles as well as this one, she's not interested in being vice president. She's happy at Stanford and plans to stay,” said Rice chief of staff Georgia Godfrey.
Friends say Bush was initially reluctant to get involved, feeling his time in the limelight had passed. They said he was surprised at the appeals he was receiving to get back into politics more than seven years after his eight-year White House run ended.
So far Bush has headlined fund-raising events for Senator John McCain of Arizona and Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire. He plans to help senators Rob Portman of Ohio, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Roy Blunt of Missouri.
Bush is no fan of Trump, but to a certain extent, he is doing Trump a favor in spite of the continuing antagonism toward the Bush family from the bellicose New York businessman.
Typically, the party's nominee is the chief fund-raiser in election years, but Trump's fund-raising effort has lagged.
Meanwhile, Trump continues to take swipes at the Bush family, particularly at Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor who was defeated by Trump in the Republican presidential primary race.
On Wednesday in Greensboro, North Carolina, Trump complained about Jeb's decision not to honor a pledge made last year to support the Republican presidential nominee whoever it is.
“He signed the pledge but he hasn't endorsed me,” Trump said.
Like his brother, Jeb Bush is helping raise money for Republican congressional candidates.
“The Bush family has a deep love for the party and cares about the future and in light of Trump's capacity to damage the brand, I think this is part and parcel of doing what they can to preserve the party,” said Jeb Bush's spokeswoman, Kristy Campbell.
"See you in December."
That's what hockey folks keep saying.
Unless they say, "See you in January."
Is there a single person connected to the game who believes the NHL and its players can get a deal done before the current collective bargaining agreement ends Sept. 15?
I think they can.
In fact, I can't think of a single good reason why it shouldn't happen, even though NHLPA executive director Donald Fehr referred Thursday to a "meaningful gulf" between the two sides on the important issue of revenue sharing.
Think of all of the reasons the two sides not only can -- but must -- get together on in a new pact, starting with the $3.3 billion in revenue reported last season, a record for a league that just eight years ago closed its doors for an entire season because the owners were so determined to redefine the labor landscape with a salary cap.
So there's the money, more of it than ever before, and all the two sides have to do is find a way to split it.
And the source of that money presents another compelling reason to get a deal done: fans, sponsors and television.
The fans have turned out in record numbers, the sponsors have followed by committing dollars in record amounts, and the television networks, whose ratings continue to impress, have committed to the NHL and its players long term.
Eight years ago, this league dodged a bullet when it did the unthinkable, turning out the lights for an entire season, including the Stanley Cup playoffs. And remarkably, when those lights came back on in fall 2005, the game was better, the fans returned, and slowly but surely, so did the corporate money.
The NHL did a tremendous job of selling them on this new game and new elements, such as the Winter Classic, wholesale coverage of playoff games, and unprecedented access in the form of products like HBO's wildly successful "24/7: Road to the Winter Classic" reality show.
Since the lockout, we've had seven different Stanley Cup champions.
We saw fans flock to watch the moribund Phoenix Coyotes advance to this past spring's Western Conference finals, then saw the Kings raise their first-ever Stanley Cup in Los Angeles, as hockey once again became cool on the West Coast.
And now the league and its players appear on a collision course. Again.
The NHLPA early next week is expected to produce a long-awaited counterproposal to the wildly one-sided proposal the league first brought to the table almost a month ago. Maybe it starts the process rolling toward a settlement, although if you talk to agents, players, staff and media, there is a disconcerting amount of pessimism that the two sides can find common ground in time to get the 2012-13 season off as scheduled.
Maybe it's the overriding cynicism that in spite of so much good surrounding the NHL, there is still too much greed, too much stubbornness when it comes to finding a way to split a pie that has grown far larger than anyone could have imagined.
At the very heart of this battle between the owners (who simply can't seem to find a system they won't wreck themselves) and the players (who continue to make money hand over fist, courtesy of those owners) is one mighty conceit: The fans will always come back.
This conceit is based on history -- they came back last time -- and it speaks to the unmistakable passion of hockey fans across North America. We're not just talking in Toronto, where the Maple Leafs sell out every night for a team that hasn't made the playoffs since the last time the lights went out, and hasn't won a Cup since 1967. But also in Carolina, where they are itching to get back to the RBC Center to see the remade Canes. Or in Minnesota, where Zach Parise and Ryan Suter put "hockey" back into the "State of Hockey" this summer, in spite of owner Craig Leipold's foolish comments regarding the flaws in the current system while spending nearly $200 million on those two free agents.
Many believe that's the card commissioner Gary Bettman and the owners hold closest to their vests, and why few believe the coming season has any chance of getting off on time: The owners can wait for the players to say "uncle" one more time, because the fans will always come back.
Shame on Leipold, Philadelphia owner Ed Snider, Washington owner Ted Leonsis and the rest if this is truly their quiet strategy: Wait until the players start to feel the pinch when the season should have started, then force them to give up even more than they did eight years ago.
Here's hoping that if one single training camp session is missed, if one single useless exhibition game is postponed, that the fans bite back.
Here's hoping they stay away, because this time they should.
If the league's owners can't find a way to make a system with $3.3 billion of revenue work -- and work on time -- without simply saying to the players "give us this," then they don't deserve these fans.
Remember when the NHL's ice surfaces were painted with the simpering, "Thank You Fans" message after the last lockout? Here's hoping fans remember it and say, "Thanks, but no thanks," especially if fall without hockey stretches into November or December, which is when everyone figures the real pressure points for the players and the owners will come into play.
Surely with so much wealth and so much optimism surrounding the game, the game itself deserves the best effort from its owners and players.
But if the owners and players don't respect what's been built enough to get the deal done, then why should the fans bother?
So here's a suggestion as the clock ticks toward the Sept. 15 deadline: How about a pledge from the owners that they will bargain through the end of the agreement and into the coming season?
The players already have said they are willing to do so.
So how about a commitment from the owners that they will not lock out the players, and a similar commitment from the players that they will not strike?
Bettman said Thursday the owners will not have another season under the current system. Fair enough, but what about a commitment to the fans that they will work until they get a new agreement without having to resort to closing the game's doors once again?
Wouldn't that be the ultimate signal that what the owners and players say is true, that they do want a deal and the fans really do matter?
Unless, of course, that's not what the owners have in mind at all.
Mike Pence blatantly encouraged wealthy business owners to bully their employees into supporting the Trump administration's tax giveaway to rich elites.
The tax scam being endlessly pushed by Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and the Republican Party is nothing but a giveaway to the wealthy at the literal expense of everyone else.
Even Trump himself was recently forced to admit that his previous promise that he wouldn't personally benefit from the plan was a lie.
“Well, what I say is that the, this whole concept, everybody benefits if the country does well. We all do. You guys benefit. Everybody benefits if the country does well,” Trump rambled in an interview with Forbes Magazine.
But no matter how clear the truth about their intentions is, the GOP is dead-set on passing the plan.
Speaking to the conservative Heritage Foundation, House Speaker Paul Ryan actually threatened to cancel Christmas vacations for members of Congress in order to force their scheme on the American people.
And now Pence has discovered a new, appalling tactic to try to advance their reckless efforts: encouraging wealthy business owners to bully their employees into supporting the plan — and thus supporting a tax hike on themselves.
Headlining a planning retreat at the Seminar Network — an organization backed by the billionaire Koch brothers — Pence evinced patent desperation to win more support for the tax scam, even if it has to be forced out of people who would be harmed the most by its implementation.
Pence offered sycophantic praise to the wealthy business owners and donors in the room, thanking them for “what [they] do every day to renew the promise of America” and insisting that their “generosity has made a difference all across America.”
But he later undercut that paean to “generosity” by begging the audience to use their “stature” with their employees to help bring untold economic hardship into their lives.
After the requisite joke about the length of the tax code — as though something as complicated as tax laws for a nation of roughly 323 million people could be fully elucidated in a few pages — Pence insisted that “our broken tax code weakens America itself.”
The laws “[sap] our spirit of entrepreneurship, culture of innovation, and even our belief in a brighter, more prosperous future for our kids and our grandkids,” Pence lamented.
He thanked the crowd for their support of the tax scheme that would do nothing whatsoever to ensure that “more prosperous future” for any kids not born to the 1 percent. But he plaintively begged them to go further.
We need you to reach out, use your voice. Use the stature that you enjoy in your communities and your state and all across this country to share the opportunity that we have with this tax relief legislation. You talk to your employees, talk to your suppliers, your fellow business leaders to get them on board. And of course, we need you to talk to your elected officials about just how important this moment is in the life of this nation. Tell everyone you can that America needs this tax cut, and America needs it now.
The idea that exceedingly wealthy business owners should use their powerful positions to intimidate low-level employees into supporting something that would do no good for them — but a lot of good for their bosses — is preposterous and cruel.
The White House has been lying from the beginning about the impact the tax scheme would have on working, middle-class, and lower-income Americans.
Pence wants to recruit wealthy employers to help them lie even more, and to make the rest of the country shoulder the burden of putting more money into the already full coffers of the richest among us.
Southeast Alaska's largest tribal organization has authorized its courts to perform same-sex marriages. The Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska announced its new policy Monday.
Tlingit-Haida's seven-member governing board voted unanimously Friday to define legal marriage without a gender requirement.
Council President Richard Peterson says the council is exercising its governing authority to include all tribal members.
“It's something we can do to extend our sovereignty for all of our tribal citizens. It's not just about the same-sex marriage and helping just one segment of our tribal citizens, but all of our tribal citizens,” he says.
Peterson says that, as far as he knows, Tlingit-Haida's courts have not conducted marriages in the past. He wants the new policy to encourage same- and opposite-sex marriages.
The tribal government will issue marriage licenses. But it's unclear whether they'll be recognized by the state.
Court rulings last fall forced Alaska to allow same-sex marriages, but many top officials remain opposed.
“It's certainly not to do it to spite them or anything like that. I'm very hopeful that they're going to recognize these marriages because the folks that we're going to be marrying are Alaskans,” Peterson says.
Tlingit-Haida will require least one person in a couple to be a tribal member. The council lists nearly 30,000 Tlingit and Haida Indians in and outside Alaska within its rolls.
Peterson cites high suicide rates among Alaska Natives, as well as gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender youths, as another reason for the policy.
“If showing that we care about all of our tribal citizens equally can send a message where they feel included and belong and loved, and if that helps them to not want to turn toward suicide and other (harmful) things because the feel forsaken, then that's what we should do,” he says.
Peterson says the council knows of about 20 other tribes amending or adopting rules to recognize marriage equality. Some others determined no changes were needed to allow same-sex unions.
Peterson says that's a small percentage of the 562 federally recognized tribes in the United States.
“We just recently had Elizabeth Peratrovich Day. And she so eloquently spoke at a time when we were still referred to ‘savages' and we didn't have the right to vote. So, now, here we are, and we have tribal citizens who don't have rights. And we need to provide for that and advocate for that,” he says.
“What the tribal authorities are doing here is moving in the very same direction that the country is moving,” says Evan Wolfson, founder and president of Freedom to Marry, a New York City-based, nationwide advocacy organization.
The group lists tribal governments in the Pacific Northwest, the upper Midwest and Oklahoma where same-sex marriages were approved during the past half-dozen years.
They include Washington state's Puyallup Tribe of Indians, Oregon's Coquille Indian Tribe and the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes in Oklahoma.
“Members of the tribes know what it's like to experience discrimination. They know what it's like to be shoved outside, to be looked down on. And I think what tribal authorities are saying is that, out of that history, we know it's important that we not commit the same kinds of discrimination, that we not isolate people, that we not harm them,” Wolfson says.
Tlingit-Haida Central Council's new marriage directive also covers tribal divorces.
Sometimes new bars are so uninteresting  so $#*@&!blah  that they almost insult the patron  such as ultra lounges. A bar can be complete crap, but if the effort is there and a certain originality shines forth, then it deserves some amount of credit.
This is why The Brooklynite, 516 Brooklyn Ave., by Esquire Tavern bar manager Jeret Peña, is so intriguing. Because it's coming from Peña, this classic cocktail bar promises complete originality. As first reported in the Food Flashes blog, Peña is leaving the Esquire to open his own bar along the Museum Reach.
Opening date is early to mid October, Peña wrote via Facebook. The space has been nightclubs before, most recently one of those piece of crap full blown d-baggery ultra lounges called Rain.
Visit The Brooklynite's Facebook page for updates.
He describes the place a classic cocktail-inspired bar. “We make hand-crafted cocktails but we don't make judgements,” the Facebook description reads. “Drink what you want to drink, and we will take care of the rest. Cheers!”
For the record, I know Peña. We've had our share of drunken nights and a few stories involving noses that can not be repeated on this PG website. And I always appreciated him for being a good sport on the few jabs I threw at the Esquire when it reopened in April 2011.
Peña has been given the freedom to sling his own drinks and create his own bar menu before (The Esquire and Le Midi) but I am anxious to see how this one turns out.
Related
Food Flashes blog: Search begins at Esquire as Pena plans new bar
 Benjamin Olivo
Have any downtown news, event info, hearsay, tips, celebrations, complaints, boastings, updates, breaking news, memories, old photos, etc.? Want to write a guest blog? E-mail me.
Follow the Downtown Blog on Twitter: twitter.com/mySA_downtown. And on Facebook
Off Pitch is the occasional blog from Roustabouts member Roger Graham. Follow Roger on Twitter at @rogman99
Last week, the USL awarded its 31st franchise to San Antonio, with the announcement that Spurs Sports & Entertainment will own and operate the club that will begin play in 2016. Late last year, the City of San Antonio and Bexar County purchased Toyota Field, where the NASL's San Antonio Scorpions formerly played, in November of 2015. The Spurs Sports and Entertainment Group (the ownership group of NBA's San Antonio Spurs and now, San Antonio's USL's team) entered into a lease with the City and County. This will move San Antonio's only professional soccer team from the NASL, the second division of US Soccer's pyramid, to the USL, currently in the third division. The San Antonio Scorpions will no longer play soccer in the Alamo City. This news has not only made headlines in the United States soccer rounds, but undoubtedly has made a huge impact inside the supporter circles in San Antonio. What does this change mean for Roughneck fans? It means we'll have a new team in the region, a new supporter group to drink a pint with while exchanging bragging rights, and maybe even a road trip or two to the River Walk!
The Crocketteers (@crocketteers on Twitter), established in 2009, are the main supporter group for all things soccer in San Antonio, including coaching and financial support of three local, inner-city youth teams. The Crocketteers, who were the stalwarts for the Scorpions and boast a membership of 1,500 plus, will also follow suit for the new USL team. President of the Crocketteers, James Hope, is not only excited about the change over to the USL, but the ownership as well.
“People are excited about the change in ownership. When you get an organization like the Spurs Sports & Entertainment and they are interested in what you love, which is soccer; we're excited about that! We see a great organization that has had success as a smaller market in San Antonio in the NBA. The President and Vice President are big soccer fans and they are excited about bringing a team to San Antonio, with the ability and possibility of moving up to the highest level. This excited all of us! We want to be able to play at the highest level in San Antonio. We think the Spurs Sports & Entertainment has the wherewithal to do it.”
I asked if there would be some confusion to fans about dropping to the third-tier (USL) in lieu of having a second-tier team. Hope said, “I think for a lot of people, there were concerns about what the divisions mean. We're certain that there's not much difference between Division 2 and Division 3. This last year in the US Open Cup, the USL went 7-0 versus the NASL teams. Next year, the USL has applied for Division 2 status and has a good chance at getting it.”
WE'RE CERTAIN THERE'S NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE BETWEEN DIVISION 2 AND DIVISION 3
Beyond division status, Hope was open about his views of the NASL in general. “Personally, I have some serious concerns about the NASL and what they're doing, in terms of salary cap. There are owners out there spending a lot of money on mediocrity. They just don't get it. I'm concerned about a league like the NASL being around for 10 years. That's the thing with the [MLS-USL] affiliations between the clubs. You can get 4-5 players from the main club and that could save you a lot of money on player fees.” Besides MLS affiliations in many markets, by playing in the USL, their team would also be able to play many more regional teams.
Speaking of teams in the region, one of the exciting aspects of being a Roughnecks fan in Tulsa is that our nearest rival is only a mere 90 minute drive away. Previously, the nearest opponent for the NASL's San Antonio Scorpions was in Atlanta, Georgia, a staggering 14.5 hours away by car and a 1000 mile journey. The change to the USL means Rio Grande Valley is 4-5 hours away. “That'll be our first real rivalry and then Oklahoma City and Tulsa. Next year, we'll have Austin, which is only 70 miles from San Antonio. We're just excited that we're going to be able to physically travel to an away match!” said Hope. “Atlanta, being 17 hours away, you don't get a lot of people that want to make that trip, and rightfully so.” Hope said that he has talked with Oklahoma City's supporters, the Grid, and would like to get Tulsa and Rio Grande supporters on board to host a cup or trophy between the four Oklahoma and Texas teams. Stay tuned!
I also asked that if San Antonio ended up playing in the USL for multiple years (instead of being converted to MLS), would fans continue supporting the USL? Hope thinks some will and some won't. “I think people will, but there are a lot of people who say ‘call me when the MLS comes'. There are people who show up to the bars to the EPL matches every week that won't come out to a Scorpions match. ‘I'd rather watch it on TV,' they say. I understand that, we want to work as hard as we can to get to the highest level. We know there are baby steps that have to be done. The USL is a very strong league with very strong players and a business model that I really like. I think a lot of people will see that.”
THE USL IS A VERY STRONG LEAGUE WITH VERY STRONG PLAYERS
Hope is also interested in actually hosting opponents and supporter groups in San Antonio. He stated, “If you come to Toyota [Field], we want to give you a hard time, but we want you to drink with us before the game and after the game. In the stands for 90 minutes we're going to go at each other, but it's all in fun! We're not here to steal your flags or take your scarves.” Hope also offered to help any supporters group or fans willing to make the trip to San Antonio. “You guys are more than welcome to our tailgates. If you need to find somewhere to spend the night, we'll help you take care of that. We want you all to have a good time here!”
James Hope can be reached at james.hope@crocketteers.com
The Earth is shaking, storms are raging and nations are baring fangs.
At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if I heard seven trumpets sounding in the night and a wild leviathan sighting.
On top of that, works been super busy and my ankle hurts. Life's tough. I'm sorry we haven't posted in a while. But here we go, person on Reddit who asked about this blog.
After a long and arduous week of sitting at a desk for 9-10 hours a day, something woke deep within me.
A need.
A desire.
Something feral.
An urge to eat meat. But not just any meat cooked any which way. I wanted fire. I wanted flames. I wanted to see and hear and feel it sizzle before my eyes like Prometheus himself would have wanted it to. Just without that jerk eagle. So we left home and headed south to the land of plastic and chains until our eyes feel upon that which would satisfy this primal urge.
Welcome, to Chosun Korean BBQ. Home to the meat sweats.
Being that Korea might not exist for much longer, we decided to give this place a try. For those of you that have never been to a Korean BBQ, here's a rundown so you don't sit there awkwardly like we did for the first bit.
You're seated at these cool tables with grills in the middle of them.
What their insurance must be like, I don't want to know. From there, you order your meat selection (we went with C4, Bulgogi/Beef Brisket/Pork Belly/Pork Shoulder – it was a ton of food). They will then bring out the raw meat and all the side dishes.
This is when you start throwing the meat onto the grill. Put it right in the center. Once it's done, just bring it to the outside edge of the grill. Then, you go to town.
It's kinda like a BBQ version of fondue at the Melting Pot. You do the cooking and it makes for a fun, different time. We looked like we were lost so our waitress was super helpful and walked us through it all. It's a very social experience so I recommend bringing some friends and ordering some Soju and getting wrecked.
You can also eat it however you want to. You can make lettuce wraps if you're a bitch, or just be a boss and dip that meat into those tasty miso/peanut sauces.
The sides range from rice to kimchi and are great for breaking up all that protein you'll be eating. Our favorite was the pork shoulder. Save that one for last so you leave with happiness in your mouth. Ha.
The bathrooms?
Clean. Appropriate. Smelt nice. Good mirror view.
How would we rate it?
Taste: 9/10
Value: 7.9/10 (pricy but you get a lot)
Bathroom: 8/10
Environment: 8/10
Verdict? It's time for Soju bombs and meat sweats. Go there.
12611 Metcalf Ave, Overland Park, KS 66213
Hours:
Ties are easier to purchase than most other menswear items, but there's still plenty you can read up on to help make a better purchase. There are at least a few good bricks-and-mortar tie sellers in most capital cities (even in Australia eg Ralph Lauren, Herringbone etc), but if you're looking for more unique, classic or cheaper ties, you're going to have to look online.
There's a fair whack of background information to help better buy ties here, if you already know this stuff, or don't give a shit, skip past it to the recommended sellers.
What you need to know
Obviously, the risk when purchasing ties online is much lower than suits or shoes as sizing is pretty easy to understand and pretty hard to stuff up. However, you should quickly check that the tie width matches what you're after. For most people, the optimum tie width is about 8 cm, or ~3 inches. Many older ties (70s and 80s) are wider at 3.5 inches, but at this width or wider you risk looking like this:
Skinny ties go in and out of style, I personally hate them but each to his own. Regardless, if you're looking for something which isn't going to look like you're the intern at the office (even if you are the intern!), go for around 3 inches. You should also be keeping in mind that the width of a tie should look in proportion to the width of your lapels.
If you're quite a bit shorter or taller than average, you might need to look at a shorter or longer length tie, which can be difficult to find. There are some tiemakers which cater specifically to this, more on that later. The length of the tie you need might also be affected by the knot you're tying. There is a big difference in how much tie is used up in the knot between a four-in-hand and a half windsor.
If you tie an Elderidge knit you're going to need heaps of tie. You're also going to prefer it made of premium shiny 100% polyester and want to pair it with a Fedora and a waistcoat. Yeah if this is you, probably stop reading now:
Types of ties
I'm going to split ties into four categories for convenience: woven ties, printed ties, grenadine ties and knit ties.
Woven silk ties
These are the ties you're probably used to if you're a beginner. Your Dad probably wears/wore these. They are quite thick, almost always lined and probably account for about 90% of ties sold worldwide. The material (almost always silk) is woven in various patterns and colours to create different textures. Many of them come in an obvious twill weave, which is where the texture of the tie looks like lots of parallel lines that run diagonally.
Many woven ties look very thick, they tie massive knots and there are many horrible patterns out there (think five colours of stripes, all in different widths, each with a different texture, Ughhh.) But, because these ties are the most available, they're good to start off with and there are absolutely plenty of fantastic woven ties.
Printed silk ties
These go by various names, the most common of which is foulard silk ties. Strictly speaking, these are still “woven” silk but there's a big difference. Printed ties are a better sartorial option if you are looking for something conservative, but still want to wear something a bit different to your colleagues or friends. All printed silk ties have the same texture and the type of silk used is generally lighter and nicer to the touch. Foulard ties are commonly characterised by some sort of repeating geometric or animal pattern.
The two sellers who really popularised (most stereotypically amongst investment bankers) these ties are Hermes and Salvatore Ferragamo. But, they don't offer the best and they certainly don't offer the cheapest. Foulard ties just look so sophisticated next to a standard woven tie, once you've started you won't go back. However, printed ties are a CBD/formal option only; they aren't “soft” enough looking for less formal or casual getups.
Knit ties
Known to most already, knit ties are extremely textured ties made of a material which has been knitted together, rather than woven. At some stage in your life, and potentially still, you thought of these ties as those fugly rough sock ties with the stupid square end.
Hopefully you don't still think like this though, because knit ties are an awesome option for adding more texture to an outfit. Although they appear a more casual tie, dark coloured knit ties can definitely be added to a suit and remain relatively CBD-ish.
Most knit ties have a square end, but if this doesn't do it for you there are some makers who offer a pointed end. Because everything has to be knitted rather than woven or printed most knit ties come in pretty simple patterns; plain, thick stripes or pindots.
Grenadine ties
It's easiest to think of these as halfway between a printed or woven tie and a knit tie. Grenadines are an acquired taste for sure, but they are a classic sartorial option. Grenadines almost always come in just plain colours, likely because the combination of the unique weave and colourful patterns would be too much. But for the same reason, where a plain woven silk tie might look plain or shiny, a plain grenadine looks understated and sophisticated. Be aware grenadines are super easy to pull, you will look less classy if you are hurling expletives at your tie after catching it on the spacebar when typing at work.
Even more background
Construction
Most ties are sewn around an interlining or inlay, which is a separate piece of fabric which provides the shape and weight of the tie. Some ties have no lining, for example a seven-fold tie, so named because of the seven different folds used to make them:
What's the benefit? Well some will say they tie a better looking knot,but it's also often harder to tie this knot, as a tie's lining makes it easier. Overall, like many strange things in the men's clothing world, it's just so you know the tie you are wearing is a seven-fold yo, traditional Italian construction yo. If that's important to you, get one.
Six fold ties are also common, most of which are lined but usually not to the tip as normal woven ties are. Some ties can be five folds, most are three folds. I have heard of twelve-fold ties, which is a bit…
Tipped vs untipped
Most ties are tipped, meaning there is extra material at the end of the tie, or at least two layers of the tie material. If a tie is “self-tipped”, that means the same material is used as the tipping material as the rest of the tie. An untipped tie looks like this:
It's pretty obvious what the difference is. Untipped ties are very light, but also quite delicate. They probably aren't a good idea for regular business wear and are more of a spring/summer tie.
Where to buy:
1) Henry Carter http://henrycarter.com.au/
Source: Henry Carter
Henry Carter is a small Australian labour-of-love that sells some seriously good value and quality ties. Stock can vary, but there's usually a good selection of woven ties, knit ties and grenadines, even a few linen ties for summer all for $65-99. The best pick are the new printed silk ties for $85-90. Shipping in Australia is a massive $5, and $10 internationally. If you're in Melbourne, hop into Ludlows where HC has a few models on display and in stock. Check here for the occasional sale notice and discount code: http://www.styleforum.net/t/294012/henry-carter-neckwear-accessories-official-affiliate-thread
2) Kent Wang http://www.kentwang.com/ties
KW is a good supplier of grenadines and knit ties. KW grenadines are quite an open weave, and susceptible to snags, but they're good value at $75. Knit ties are a bit pricier than comparable options at $65-75. International shipping from KW is a bit inconsistent, be prepared to wait a few weeks.
3) Sam Hober http://www.samhober.com/
Sam Hober is a bespoke tiemaker. If you're a bit on the small or large side, or quite fussy with width, patterns or particular construction details, Sam Hober is for you. Don't let the shonky website put you off, this is the type of precision outfit that offers four different type of grenadine weaves. Most ties here start at around $80, plus shipping, and expect to wait a while as your tie needs to be made.
Plenty of inspiration here: http://www.styleforum.net/t/245529/a-sam-and-david-hober-tie-appreciation-thread
4) Howard Yount http://www.howardyount.com/collections/ties
HY has a frickin' massive range of quality tie basics. I actually don't understand why they don't just cut back on some of the weirder ones and focus on the big sellers. Not just with ties either, check out this range of canvas briefcases: http://www.howardyount.com/collections/accessories
Is that really necessary? Maybe iron out a few of the kinks and creases on your products as well before you photograph them Mr Yount…eg:
God I just want to iron the shit out of that.
Anyway, at $105, HY's grenadines are probably a bit overpriced but they look good and if you couple them with some of the cheaper knit ties at $60-70. If you're in the Southern Hemisphere you can sometimes capitalise on the sales of the seasonal stock at HY, as they're flogging summer stock at a discount at just the right time for us.
5) TM Lewin http://www.tmlewin.com.au/
TM Lewin sells some great starter ties and if you're on a tight budget, they're a good place to look. They're also going to appeal to you if the lighter, more delicate styles of tie that I've mentioned don't appeal to you. Most of their stock is thicker, heavier woven ties which are guaranteed to last a while if you're wearing them regularly for work. Their multibuy offer brings em' down to $50 a pop. I think TM Lewin's best ties are the knitted ones, several of which come in a pointed tip if that's your thing. These are heavier, quality knits that are less likely to pull than a lot of others. There are plenty of TM Lewin clones out there obviously, like Charles Tyrwhitt and Thomas Pink (basically TM Lewin with a 100% markup), but I think TM Lewin has the better mix of price and quality.
6) The Knottery http://theknottery.com
This is the place to look if you are in search of casual ties (knits and cotton) and are on a very tight budget (from $10-$40). The Knottery is also home to the cheapest grenadine there is, at $55US, but only in four colours (and out of stock at time of writing). Obviously great value, but there will be some sacrifices made compared to other grenadines so don't be expecting these ties to last a lifetime.
7) Hightied http://www.hightied.com.au/
Finally, if you're looking for some good knits, here's a source of cheap colourful Italian made knit ties for $50 full price and $35 on sale.
But I have piles of money that I want to throw at ties? These are too cheap…
If you're rolling in it, or want some inspiration, have a look at:
Drakes http://www.drakes-london.com/ Drakes makes some of the most beautiful ties going, for a cool $200 or so per tie.
E. Marinella http://www.marinellanapoli.it/en/ties.php - A woeful website and arguably the nicest printed ties you can buy for realistic budgets
EG Cappelli http://www.patriziocappelli.it/ - Another horrible flash based website, with more beautiful printed Italian ties.
The big Italian luxury tailors, eg Kiton, Isaia, Attolini, Brioni
Conclusion
As with any clothing purchase, start with ties that are versatile and will last before moving on to crazy prints or delicate designs. Try to build your collection slowly, in different styles and from different makers. This will mean you enjoy your ties for longer and allow yourself to work out what works for you and what doesn't.
Try and go for quality over quantity. Three quality, simple ties will go much further than many loud patterns. Ties are called accessories for a reason, they are meant to compliment your outfit rather than be the centrepiece. You will actually save money with this buying philosophy. I have spent far more cash by amassing many non-versatile ties which always leave me a little unsatisfied (indeed, many other items as well) rather than just sucking it up and buying some nice ones at the beginning.
As always, don't take anything you've read or heard too seriously (including opinions I've expressed) and enjoy yourself.
Thanks for reading, feel free to make suggestions (clearly this isn't an exhaustive list) or point out errors.
This Blog Is Ending Soon
NPR (in the form of a super-top executive) sat me down and, after four years of generously supporting this blog, told me it can't anymore. It needs to cut costs and — you know the phrase — it has chosen to go "in new directions." So at the end of this month, Krulwich Wonders will no longer appear on NPR's website.
Things change. Needs change; fashions change. You can't stand still. Not in this business, not now. I've been hanging out at NPR, full time, part time, missing, then back again, for almost 40 years. I have watched it grow from a crazy, mad notion. ("Let's make radio do serious journalism" — this said at a time when Casey Kasem's Top 40 Music Countdown was radio's most conspicuous achievement.) It's hard to explain what a nutty idea NPR was when it started.
Let's Do This Totally Unlikely Thing ...
In the 1970s, The Washington Post was toppling presidents; The New York Times was everywhere and always dazzling; Cronkite had his Kuralts, his Sevareids, his Rathers, his Schorrs. Anybody serious about journalism could have worked for any of these places (and they were hiring!), but for reasons too dreamy to remember, nomads like Linda Wertheimer, Ira Flatow, Nina Totenberg, Robert Siegel and the glorious Susan Stamberg, along with a team of dangerously talented engineers and editors, decided against all reason to do this utterly unnecessary thing — to go, in a world of plenty, to the abandoned parking lot that was radio and start talking to people in an old but new way, not to their eyes, but to their ears, playing them the sounds of America, the cries, screams, laughs, the roar of the world — and look! It worked. People driving, people on StairMasters, people in hammocks, people in cubicles and people parked in their driveways stayed and listened. I was part of all that. I moved on, moved back, and then, ridiculously, asked if I could serve the Radio Gods by writing multiweekly posts and drawing pictures.
Robert Krulwich/NPR
Writing and drawing — neither are radio arts. But, gambling yet again, NPR said yes. And so, for the past four years, with a box of colored pens and pencils and the endless ("you want to do what?") help of younger co-conspirators, I've gotten to write about beetles, astronauts, artists, dinosaurs, chemistry, math — pretty much anything that caught my eye.
Hide caption Did caterpillars kill off the dinosaurs? Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption Flamingos break up 99 percent of the time. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption What if your girlfriend does not return your yawn? Is she falling out of love with you? Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption A frog in pants. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption Thomas Jefferson's sad moose arriving at a Parisian home. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption A bean plant screaming. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption Space propulsion. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption Local scholars, doctors, etc. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption At 33 years old, your chances of dying that year are about 1 in 1,500. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR
Hide caption Easter Island statues. Previous Next Robert Krulwich/NPR 1 of 10 i View slideshow
It's been crazy fun. I even got an admiring but chiding email from (oh, my God!) Neil Armstrong, when I wondered out loud why he had stayed so close to his lunar lander while "exploring" the moon. You weren't there, he wrote, let me tell you how it was. ... That message is now tucked in a special place on a high shelf in my living room, with a bunch of others, from you — you who've been reading this blog.
You Didn't Read My Brother-In-Law's Article? Really?
When you work in radio (or TV), it's hard to know what the audience is thinking. You talk; they listen. There's a gap, a quiet, between us. True, when I began at NPR, I'd get a steady trickle of letters, 10 a week maybe, and had a wispy notion of what was going on in your heads. Then, in the 1980s came 800-numbers. I'd get off the air, and people would just call toll-free; there'd be a twinkle of lights on the phone, I'd pick up and "continue" what you thought was our conversation ("Why didn't you talk to so-and-so? Have you read my brother-in-law's article? You didn't?" ... ); but now, in this digital space, it's so different. When I post the blog, it feels like I've landed at some grad school cafeteria, where people slam down their trays, chide, offer advice or sometimes just quietly reach under the table and hold my hand.
Angrier And Friendlier, Both
It's wilder, much wilder, than it used to be; noisier too, but that's good. I've been hammered, stroked, quizzed, but I've learned, been humbled or fought back. Those backs and forths are sometimes painful, but people don't just shout, they tell me things I didn't know, send me videos, drawings, edit stray misspellings. All this backing and forthing has led to new friendships, introduced me to people on the bleeding edge of animation, design, storytelling. Nobody likes getting smacked, but maybe it's worth it if you learn more than you hurt. What I learned over the past four years is the news world has become both angrier and friendlier, both at once. And what digital NPR is becoming (what Radiolab, my other gig, has become even more) is a forum, a place to learn, to talk, yell and sometimes — the best times — to giggle. On its best days, it's a place to reflect.
I can't pretend. I'm sorry to have to move on, and what I'd like to say to all of you who've stopped by, not knowing what to expect, not always satisfied, not always quiet about it, is: I've loved being here, doing this, playing as hard as I can with ideas that excite me. It's good to have playmates, and I hope, wherever I go to next, you'll join me there and we will keep happily wrestling with the world, as NPR does so wonderfully every single day.
I will be here till the end of the month.
Here's who's gotten my pictures in the right order, my ideas straight, my misspellings corrected, my grammar righted, my inane ideas thrown out, my moods managed, my downs upped, my drawings color-corrected, my ideas illustrated; it's a nice, nice group, led by (because she was there when we began and has been by my side ever since) the wonderful Maggie Starbard and her many-splendored colleagues, Deb Franklin, Jessica Goldstein, Andrew Prince, April Fehling, Maria Godoy, Jason Orfanon, plus a host of artists, Josh Kurz, Adam Cole, Ben Arthur, Vin Liota, Connie Sun, Aaron Birk, Will Hoffman, Todd Rosenberg, plus my brainy backfield, Ezra Block, Aatish Bhatia, Ed Yong, Jonah Lehrer, Carl Zimmer, and huzzahs to the New York bureau's Manoli Wetherell and Brian McCabe, the Radiolab gang — especially Brenna Farrell, Arianne Wack and Jamie York — and, in Washington, Alison Richards, Vikki Valentine and Anne Gudenkauf.
Editor's note: While Robert's Krulwich Wonders blog may be coming to an end, his unique brand of storytelling won't be lost to public radio. Robert expects to still be co-hosting WNYC's award-winning program Radiolab with Jad Abumrad, heard by millions of public radio listeners each week.
The number 5 sits to the left of the number 10. The number 15 is to the right of 10, but to the left of 20. Most people would have no problem agreeing with these statements, because most people have spatial associations for numbers. This is called the “mental number line”: smaller numbers go on the left, increasing towards the right.
What's not clear is where this number line comes from. It's possible that it's a product of mathematical education, or even that it's a product of human culture and language, found universally regardless of education levels. On the other hand, it's possible that it's an in-built feature of our brains, one that's possibly shared with other species.
A recent study in Science tested three-day-old chicks to see if they have number-space mapping like humans do. Using such young animals allowed them to be sure that the chicks weren't overtrained in the use of numbers, which could cause them to demonstrate atypical behavior.
Each chick was placed in front of a panel with five dots. Behind the panel was food, and once the chick had figured this out enough to walk around the panel looking for food 20 times in a row, it moved past the training phase onto the testing phase. The testing phase involved two panels equidistant from the chick, both with the same number of dots: both panels either showed two dots, or eight dots. The test was whether the chick would choose to walk around the left-hand panel, or the right hand panel.
When the panels had two dots, the chicks walked around the left-hand panel approximately 70 percent of the time. When the panels had eight dots, the chicks walked around the right-hand panel approximately 70 percent of the time. This suggests that they associated the smaller number with “left” and the larger number with “right” compared to the number they'd been trained on.
The next group of chicks was trained on a panel with 20 dots. This time, in the testing phase, the panels had either 8 or 32 dots. Once again, when the panels had 8 dots, more chicks went around the left-hand panel; when there were 32 dots, they went to the right.
The results “provide further evidence that language and culture are not necessary for the development of mathematical cognition,” says lead researcher Rosa Rugani. They also show that chicks process number size as relative to other numbers, not absolute. When the chicks were trained on five dots, panels with 8 dots were larger and therefore on the right; when they were trained with 20 dots, the eight-dot panels were smaller. Therefore, the processing of a given number on either the left or the right side will vary depending on the number it is compared with, Rugani explains.
It's important not to think that the chicks are actually counting, she adds. Being able to see the difference between amounts is not the same thing as being able to count up to 32. But, even though animals clearly don't have the same advanced number cognition as humans, we can still draw important conclusions from studying them. “The investigation of animal cognition could help us to understand the cognitive abilities that can be mastered without language,” she explains.
Previous research on mental number lines has created some contradictions. One study showed that people who grow up reading text and numbers right-to-left in Arabic have a reverse number line, from right to left, suggesting cultural factors affect the spatial mapping. On the other hand, infants as young as seven months seem to prefer being shown dots in a 1-2-3 left-to-right pattern, compared to a 3-2-1 left-to-right pattern, suggesting that the ability emerges before much cultural conditioning or language learning can take place.
Showing other animals had a number line might influence this debate. However, it's not so clear that the conclusions of this paper are supported by its evidence, says Dr Andrew Wilson, a researcher in psychology and cognitive science at Leeds Beckett University.
There are two principal problems with the study, Wilson argues. “The mental number line effect in people shows itself as a nudge, a tendency,” he says. “But the chicks' behavior was surprisingly reliable: only two chicks out of 64 in the study produced an effect in the 'wrong' direction. That suggests that something much more stable and reliable was driving their searching.” Although the researchers were careful to control the visual stimuli as carefully as possible, there may have been an uncontrolled factor in the mix, he explains.
More importantly, he adds, it's not clear that a concept of a mental number line would come into play in how a chick searches for food. Either the chicks saw some kind of similarity between the training card and the card they chose to look behind, or they somehow were compelled to look for food in accordance with their mental number lines. The latter explanation is unconvincing, Wilson argues.
“The authors have worked hard to address some potential confounds in the study,” he says. “But there are many reasons why the chicks could be biased to head in one direction, and jumping so quickly to a ‘mental number line' style explanation is premature at best.”
Science, 2015. DOI: 10.1126/science.aaa1379 (About DOIs).
Jesus' apostles and other followers are clad in chic gray street wear and tumble and slide across the stage with impressive athleticism in the show's opening minutes, presumably in flight from their black-leather-clad oppressors. The daily countdown to the Crucifixion is displayed on an electronic ticker of the kind that snakes around buildings in Times Square. This is a story for all times, the production asserts, if not for all tastes.
It arrives with much of its original Canadian cast intact. The standout performance comes from Josh Young as a vocally lustrous and charismatic Judas Iscariot, well known for betraying his onetime mentor with a fatal kiss. In Mr. McAnuff's production that kiss is particularly fraught, since the show trains a subtle focus on the tense triangle among its three central characters — Jesus, Judas and Mary Magdalene (Chilina Kennedy).
Photo
Mr. Young's Judas sings repeatedly of his disappointment at Jesus' betrayal of his ideals. But the hungry looks Judas repeatedly casts suggest that sexual jealousy plays no small role in his decision to turn the object of his agonized affection over to the Roman rulers, to whom this “King of the Jews” is a prickly thorn in the side.
Mr. McAnuff's staging is rich in portentous looks, actually. Mr. Nolan's serenely suffering Jesus is often to be found at or near the lip of the stage, peering into the middle distance with his piercing blue eyes, as if stoically watching his destiny unfolding on an HDTV screen at the back of the theater. Ms. Kennedy sometimes joins him in this pastime, as do some members of the chorus. If a musical were to be judged by the amount of time its characters spent gazing meaningfully into the audience, this production would be trumps.
Vocally it is impressive. Mr. Young's voice is rangy, powerful and pure. Ms. Kennedy performs her solo, the onetime pop hit “I Don't Know How to Love Him,” with a graceful simplicity, although her Mary Magdalene tends to be overshadowed throughout by the more intense histrionics of Mr. Young's conniving Judas. Mr. Nolan manages the murderous tessitura of the climactic “Gethsemane” number with impressive aplomb.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But even during this highly dramatic passage, I found myself wincing at Mr. Rice's lyrics: “Show me there's a reason for your wanting me to die,” Jesus sings, “You're far too keen on where and how but not so hot on why.” (Not so hot, that.)
The agonies of Jesus are terrible to behold, of course, but on a far more trivial level one of the agonies of “Jesus Christ Superstar” is the unhappy combination of Mr. Lloyd Webber's stick-in-your-head melodies and the often flat-footed lyrics they are wedded to. In 1971, when the show was first produced on Broadway, Mr. Rice's slangy libretto presumably struck a with-it note that now hits the ear — well, my ear at least — as distinctly silly.
Speaking of which, the musical's one overtly comic number, in which Herod, played with lascivious glee by Bruce Dow, taunts Jesus with mocking references to his spiritual powers (“Prove to me that you're no fool/Walk across my swimming pool”) isn't really the camp highlight of the production. Nor does Tom Hewitt, got up in a louche purple velvet suit as Pontius Pilate, pour on the villainy in lavish doses.
No, the kitsch apotheosis is surely the garish scene in which Jesus chases the money lenders from the temple. Here Mr. McAnuff dresses the chorus in the costume designer Paul Tazewell's leather harnesses and gold hot pants (that's the men) and slinky minidresses. As Jesus throws his temper tantrum, the dancers gyrate suggestively on metallic risers, performing Lisa Shriver's choreography, which is a liability from start to finish and could be transplanted wholesale into a Britney Spears concert.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The effect is of a mildly naughty floor show at Caesars Palace. And in fact Las Vegas, where Mr. McAnuff's “Jersey Boys” has recently reopened, might be the ideal destination for this slick production of a show that turns martyrdom into a splashy pop spectacle. Nothing like witnessing a Crucifixion to whet your appetite for the slot machines.
By Jimmy Tobin-
Saturday night, at the MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill, Maryland, Ukrainian super featherweight Vasyl “Hi-Tech” Lomachenko stopped New Jersey's Jason “El Canito” Sosa in nine rounds. The fight was over within minutes, however long it took for the end to come. It was what could become a typical Lomachenko performance: one where an overmatched opponent exercises the only power remaining to him, choosing the moment to lose rather than lament that choice's departure over another handful of hopeless rounds.
Sosa was a good opponent, good enough to make Nicholas Walters miss the featherweight division, good enough to win a fringe title by knockout, but his haplessness was evident before even a commentary team eager to celebrate Lomachenko would have it (a whiff of danger being welcome if only to celebrate its impotence). In the first round, Sosa threw a right uppercut/left hook counter so late he appeared to be shadowboxing alone. A deep breath followed, as did a nod, and in his body language Sosa betrayed his role in the forthcoming puppetry. Sosa's greatest attribute was a doggedness that charmed for as long as the fight did; but courage, bravery, resolve—if all they can offer is confirmation of themselves, well, then a fight losses much of that which makes it sporting.
To make too much of Sosa's comportment is to compensate for the severity of the mismatch. There is a proselytizing quality to such talk, a propagandistic one too; and the force of those arguments reflects the strength of resistance they meet. (It should come as no surprise then, that Lomachenko's enthusiasts are so passionate: they are railing against the most passionate fanbase in the sport, one that will never find much glory in the practice of hitting and not getting hit).
And yet much of the criticism of Lomachenko smacks of inauthenticity too, seemingly the product of a bitterness, of a frustration with Lomachenko being offered the crown without having earned it. But why get upset overpraise from people whose opinions you neither share nor credit? And why act as if a fighter is responsible for what is said of him? Especially when that fighter has on many occasions tempered the highest praise he has been paid?
What can honestly be said of Lomachenko is that he is stylistically and athletically unique among peers and that he has used this idiom to tantalizing effect. Lomachenko shrinks the ring not by closing avenues of escape but by giving his opponents turning sickness, and the angles and body positioning he uses leave opponents one-handed. All the while he chips away at their bodies and resolve with combinations of varying speed and power; surprise as much as leverage his force multiplier. Excellent defensively without being defensive, the moments in a Lomachenko fight when he is not on the attack are few; that it takes Lomachenko time to force a stoppage says more about his style than his mentality (though there is surely a relationship there). One need only see how Lomachenko responded to the concentrated belligerence of Orlando Salido to recognize there is something primal beneath his artifice. And his confounding of Gary Russell Jr. which, not coincidentally, was Lomachenko's first fight after the Salido loss, was plenty malicious.
Those who relish in destruction, however, may not shine to Lomachenko's brand of discouragement, especially when he imposes it on men who can offer little resistance. His performances are cold in the way Gennady Golovkin's are, in a way Sergey Kovalev's are not. Still, there is also something appealing about a fighter who makes his opponent's quit; who can persuade men to relinquish their shields rather than leave on them, fully aware of what shame and humiliation may await such a reasonable decision. Yet when the challenge is minimal so too is the shame. And there is the challenge to fully appreciating Lomachenko: you begin by being impressed (even spectacularly so) and your mind conjures up images of his superlative ability tested by a world-class opponent, but then you remember how likely such a contest is, and that is when something too close to ennui or futility or disappointment sets in.
Still, though only nine fights into his career and with a loss on his record, Lomachenko is in a position where already every victory increases the magnitude of a possible defeat. Expectations for Lomachenko are such that he represents one of the premier scalps in the sport—and if you agree you also agree that he is one of its premier talents because knocking off a hype job means very little. Consider, for example, what praise the first man who knocks Deontay Wilder stiff will receive, and how hushed that praise will sound in comparison to the cacophony of laughs had at Wilder's expense.
The penalty (and reward) for such esteem is that there are already but a handful of acceptable opponents for Lomachenko. If he wanted to clean out his division like Golovkin he would come under fire in a way “GGG” never has. And could you imagine the uproar if he created the 131-pound division? If you believe Mikey Garcia is the fighter to short circuit Lomachenko, you are paying the latter a compliment. If you believe Terence Crawford is Lomachenko's Waterloo, you are acknowledging that it will take an immensely skilled junior welterweight to hang a defeat on a super featherweight with but nine fights. And then there are those who resort to evoking the 130lb versions of Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao to bring Lomachenko back to earth—as if such measures are anything but flattering.
Lomachenko's mystique currently exceeds his accomplishments, but how many of the compliments he is paid are greater than those bestowed by the would-be matchmakers who want to see him beaten?
After Miller's angry tirade mars ceremony, singer Dan Auerbach tells Rolling Stone ‘the whole process was unpleasant' and that he and bandmate Patrick Carney left while Texan's band was still playing
Black Keys frontman Dan Auerbach has said he regrets that he and his bandmate Patrick Carney agreed to induct Steve Miller into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last Friday night. Miller caused controversy at the often staid event by laying into it during interviews after the ceremony, deeming it an “amateur production” and calling the music industry “a bunch of jackasses and jerks and fucking gangsters and crooks who've fucking stolen everything from a fucking artist”.
NWA admitted to Rock & Roll Hall of Fame at ceremony marred by bad blood Read more
“He said, ‘The whole process was unpleasant,'” Auerbach told Rolling Stone. “And for Pat and I, honestly, the most unpleasant part was being around him.” Auerbach said Miller had no idea who the Black Keys were, and made no effort to find out. “Pat and I were both definitely disappointed, to say the least,” he said. “But you never really know what to expect when you meet quote-unquote ‘superstars'.”
Auerbach noted that while Miller had criticised the Hall of Fame for being a “boy's club”, none of his own band's 35 members over the years had been women. He added that he and Carney had been so dispirited by the experience they had left the Barclays Center in Brooklyn immediately after inducting Miller, while he was still playing.
“There's a time and a place to stand up and be angry,” he said. “But when people are honouring you for how great you are, that's not the fucking time or place. It was the only story everyone talked about … And I hated being a part of that. I hated the feeling in my gut of being connected to that negativity.”
Writing music industry circular email, the Lefsetz Letter, Kenny Lee Lewis of the Steve Miller Band stuck up for his boss. He said his wife, Diane Steinberg Lewis, had been asked to join the band in 1983, but was unable to, and that they auditioned a woman in 2008. “Also many world class female rhythm section players have only started surfacing in the last 10 or 15 years and we have had the same core band now for over 25 years.”
Lewis added that Miller had wanted an unnamed “very big rock star” friend to induct him, but was told he did not get to choose. “So Steve honestly did not know who the Black Keys were and frankly didn't care and was extremely disappointed before he even showed up.”
Lewis had a more personal message for the Black Keys: “And as for Mr Miller being called an asshole and boorish for his bully pulpit moment, you spineless non artists who said it, you are disqualified from being able to make such a statement because you've never stood inside a rock star's shoes nor have an inkling to what it's like to be abused and exploited.”
It has been a rough 2013 season for Minnesota United, and it closes without much to be positive about. But with the parity in the North American Soccer League, United won't need a lot to climb into the upper echelon. Here are four things it needs to address before 2014 kicks off.
1. Create a semblance of a cohesive attack.
Minnesota never really seemed to know how best to attack the opponent's goal. Most of its offensive possessions ended with someone launching a cross at striker Pablo Campos and hoping he could magically find a way to score. Even when the team controlled possession, players looked lost in the final third of the field.
2. Find another scorer.
Campos banged in 11 goals this year, but no other United forward currently with the team managed more than one. Midfielder Simone Bracalello added seven goals, but three of those came from the penalty spot. By the end of the year, Bracalello had tailed off and was out of the starting lineup.
3. Find some creativity and speed from the midfield.
Calum Mallace, signed on loan during the summer break, helped shore up the central midfield and cover up the team's lack of options at that position. It's the team's biggest area of need for 2014. United has plenty of defensive midfielders, but it needs to find someone who can provide a spark in the attacking half of the field.
Similarly, United needs to find some creativity from its wide midfielders. After a rough first half of the season, Miguel Ibarra showed more flashes of becoming one of the league's most dangerous players on the wing. A question for next season, as it was coming into 2013, is whether he can build on those flashes.
4. Recapture the team's spirit.
One of United's big problems during the spring season was locker room dissension. The team traded the two players most responsible for the tension over the summer break, but the all-for-one culture that characterized the team's 2011 and 2012 playoff runs appeared to be gone. Somehow, Minnesota needs to get it back.
NEW YORK — It was tense between courts eight and nine at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center one early July morning.
Sixteen teenagers sat on the bleachers essentially in silence. A few were accompanied by parents, some kept to themselves. Nerves bubbled. A ticket to the U.S. Open and a chance to be on national TV was on the line.
U.S. Open ballperson tryouts are serious stuff. And as I found out, a real pain in the back.
Ballperson tryouts appeared easy. Go on the court, catch a few balls, get a good workout, no big deal. Isn't it something kids do for fun in the summer? Doesn't the tournament just grab a few out of tennis practice to fetch balls?
I learned quickly that it's not that simple when I was sent to Queens for a firsthand experience inside the tryout.
Twenty-something ballperson Joe Laskowski, a nine-year U.S. Open veteran, tried making conversation with the kids. He didn't have much luck.
Laskowski to a kid wearing a Buckeyes T-shirt: “Do you want to go to Ohio State?”
Kid: “No.”
Laskowski: “Do you know someone who goes there?”
Kid: “No.”
Laskowski: “What grade are you in?”
Kid: “Junior.”
One-word answers were all his nerves would allow him to mutter.
We were trying out for three ballperson positions: net, back and swing.
For net, candidates must be quick, as they run into the middle of the court, scoop the ball and immediately run back to either side of the net. For back, candidates must have a strong arm, as they throw the ball across the court in order to keep the speed of play fast. Swing does both net and back and is most valuable.
Starting at the net, I stood tall, legs shoulder width apart, hands behind my back. Laskowski hit the ball against the net, and I sprinted to pick it up with both hands. Once back in position, I threw the ball with one bounce to the back ballperson.
One bounce. They drilled that one hard.
Next, Laskowski rolled the ball to the corner of the court. I had to sprint to it, scoop it up with both hands, sprint to the back ballperson, stand beside him, hand it off, then sprint back to my original spot.
You have to sprint all the time.
All exercises were highly choreographed and involved variations of sprinting, throwing and catching.
I felt good until the back session. The U.S. Open is the only Grand Slam that throws the ball to the other side of the court during play. All the others roll it. Throwing keeps the game fast and the ball from accumulating fuzz, which weighs it down.
Starting behind the baseline, I had to throw the ball across the court to the other back ballperson. Instructions were to throw it over the umpire on one bounce. One of my five attempts hit a USA TODAY Sports photographer in the head. The others were way off.
Sorry, I never played softball.
After tryouts, I grabbed a Gatorade and sat down with Laskowski.
Me: “So, how'd I do? Did I make it?”
Laskowski: “I would say for the net, you did pretty well. You're pretty fast for the girls. Usually boys in general are quick. You're above average for the girls.”
Score!
He did say I “might not have throwing capabilities for full court,” but I'm not offended.
In the end, 70 survived from the 400 who tried out.
I was among the 330.
My back hurt for days, and my ego was bruised. Next year, right?
A guest post by Lauren Reid
So I'm sat here right now at nine on a Friday night wondering how I put it into words, my journey from a ‘staunch' No to an active yes. I've had to explain it to close family and friends numerous times now, but it's different opening up your life to strangers. As the saying goes, probably best to start from the beginning, as this is exactly where my No vote was instilled.
I grew up in Bathgate in the 80s and 90s. Raised by a Dad in the Orange Order and a Mum who had mental health issues I spent the first few years of my childhood visiting her in old Bangour. Bathgate had been crippled but I never knew. People being skint was just the way it was.
I remember the sash as a nursery rhyme, I remember summer holidays as turning up at the Deans and District Rangers Supporters Club and heading off in the bus for a day out. I remember my Dad's King Billy Tattoo on his forearm and I remember being a proud, wee lassie, singing ‘Hello Hello' on a Saturday morning. I always spent New Years Day waiting for my Dad to come home reeking from the Old Firm game, it was what families did. Cringing now, I reflect that I joined Bathgate Rising Star flute band when I was 12!
The men in my family were either in a Union, Orange Lodge or army – and the women, well they worked in factories or stayed at home raising us bairns. I certainly didn't want to be changing shitey nappies or cooking stovies or soup all day, nor did I fancy stuffing sausages at Halls or putting garlic onto naans at UCB (it must've been the rebel in me.) So I enlisted at 15 and 8 months. Don't get me wrong, I had other opportunities open to me. I had done pretty well in my Standard Grades and could have stayed on at school, but what then? University wasn't an option. Nobody in my family had ever been to uni that was never discussed, not once, not in our house.
Bathgate had lost Leyland, lost Menzies, and lost any scrap of mining industry. Silicon Glen was kicking off, but everyone knew Motorola and Shin Etsu weren't ‘proper' jobs. Not a trade nor a career. So I passed the BARB with flying colours and was offered Avionics Technician in the REME. I swore my allegiance to the Queen with my Mum and Dad watching. I packed my things and headed down to Berkshire to the Army Technical Foundation College.
Sitting on guard duty a couple of years later, we got a call to raise the alert status. We were at war. I had heard of and seen the demos in London, a bunch of greenies and hippies who wanted to save the world. I was prepared to lay down my life and go to war because it was what our Government had said was absolutely necessary to protect the world from WMDs. It never occurred to me that my own family were sat 66 miles away from a stockpile of them.
I never had to go to Iraq. During my medical it was discovered I was pregnant.
I came home to Bathgate. Nothing had changed and I didn't notice. I raised my daughter and got on with my life – ‘heid doon' as they say. I even had another a few years later.
Which brings us to the middle part of my story. My husband left and I was your typical stay at home mum. Still oblivious to the political discontent around me. Still voting Labour and living the life I'd left to avoid. I worked what I could in pubs and kitchens, anything to break even.
This part of my life didn't change for a long time, there is no point boring you with the ins and outs. I was a ‘scummy mummy', a ‘scrounger', as far as I could see. Skip a few years the kids are at school. I am working for myself and I'm hearing of bloody Alex Salmond and his nationalist separatist party, wanting to dismantle my beloved union. The Union I was raised with, the Union I would have fought for. I was angry. Who the hell did he think he was?
I spent months listening to the people around me, saying how ridiculous it was and how we could never afford it. I'd spend evenings on the phone to my brother in England, talking about how it was never going to happen and how it was all about that bloody Salmond and his separatists.
I believed the UK to be one of the most formidable countries in the world. I considered myself Scottish and British. I believed the UK to be a world force against terror and that having Trident deterred.
When one of my good friends, who I'd admired and respected, told me he was voting Yes. I scoffed at him. He was a Rangers man, an ex squaddy and an Orangeman! How could he possibly vote yes? I argued the case as I knew it. I found myself with a vastly inferior knowledge of the debate. He spoke of things I'd never heard of. The McCrone report, the fact Scotland had already won a referendum and been cheated out of it. He even said Scotland subsidised the rest of the UK. I headed straight for the Better Together Facebook page to gather a rebuttal to his preposterous claims.
I spent weeks with Del Rashid, Damien Davies and others on the site, and I reaffirmed my decision to vote No. And I laughed when those daft yessers made wild allegations of bias in the media and how the page was censored. Then there was a post about the Weirs and how the Yes Camp were funded by a lucky rich couple. For a split second a name appeared on the comments: Ian Taylor. It was gone as soon as I'd read it. The person then complained of comments being removed, this time I didn't laugh. I slowly typed the name and watched as Better Together removed my comment almost instantaneously. Who the bloody hell was Ian Taylor?
I typed the name and Better Together into my web browser and the first result that popped up was National Collective with ‘Dirty Money?' The Tory Millionaire Bankrolling Better Together.
I read the article. Then another and another and another. I think I actually became a bit addicted. I started looking at many sites and even the dreaded Wings site. How could all this information be here and I'd not read any of it in my papers or seen it on the news? Were they right? Was the media biased?
The more I read, the more frustrated I became. I found myself mentioning bits and pieces to my brother whilst on the phone in the evenings. I put down the phone one night after yet another conversation, being told I was speaking rubbish and being mocked exactly as I had mocked before. I heard myself saying, well you've not got a vote anyway. I froze with the realisation I didn't want him to vote No, I didn't want a No vote. I was going to vote Yes because all those silly reasons I'd had for voting No were just not good enough. We were keeping our Queen, we were going to have a stable economy, we could do it without another drop of oil in the North Sea and we could get a Labour Government again. Independence wasn't unusual or wrong. It was normal and just.
There were only 6 months to go! I started speaking to friends and family and explaining all that I'd seen and read. I printed articles and handed them each what I thought was relevant to their situations. I started campaigning on social media, and I joined my local active Yes group. I erected a 6ft by 6ft Yes sign in my garden because I knew it would shock the people that knew me. Knew my background. They'd question why I was voting Yes and why I was screaming it!
I have converted a few friends and I try to engage those around me who are voting No for the “Gers” or for “The Ludge”. These seem to be the ones who won't engage at all. I feel sorry for them more than angry. It's the way we were raised. As little orange sheep.
For the first time in my life I've not got the wool over my eyes. I can see what a mess we've been in and see that it never needed to happen. The debt we have wouldn't be, if only we'd had that oil fund. Wars I watched friends die in never needed to happen if only our politicians had the balls to say no to Bush. The NHS that saved my babies life is being dismantled by rich benefactors who not only get to make the decision but know we can't do anything about who gets to make it. I see now that not only can we never use Trident, but it doesn't deter anyone it wastes billions.
We can't change any of what has happened so far. But we can change what the future holds for us. I believe the best way to predict that future is to build it ourselves.
If you are about to vote No because you're in the Lodge, I ask you this, is a 15 minute battle and a pub getting burned down on the 21st September 1795 more important to you than the future of Scotland on 18th September 2014?
Click here for an audio version of this article, courtesy of 1 of the 99%
https://audioboo.fm/boos/2309219-a-letter-to-a-wee-ginger-dug-from-a-wee-orange-lamb
WASHINGTON—They would stand by and let him get impeached. Or boycott his hotels. Or maybe, a couple of them suggested, they would set their Make America Great Again caps on fire. Some of the most reliably Trumpian corners of the internet were raging Thursday as if they had signed up for the left-wing resistance. Just nine days after he had made them so happy, the champion of their anti-immigration fantasies had betrayed them.
In a momentous move that could have major consequences for his political future, U.S. President Donald Trump announced Thursday that he is eager to make a deal with Democrats to protect the so-called Dreamers, the undocumented young people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Read the latest news on U.S. President Donald Trump Not only that: he suggested that it was ridiculous that anyone would want to deport such upstanding and innocent residents.
Article Continued Below
“Really!” he wrote incredulously on Twitter. Not only that: the self-proclaimed master negotiator did not plan to demand funding for his border wall as part of the deal to save Barack Obama's DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) program he had campaigned on eliminating. “DACA now and the wall very soon,” he said at the White House after he returned from a visit to hurricane-ravaged Florida. And not only that: he refused to refer to DACA as “amnesty,” as he did throughout his campaign and his attorney general did last week when he announced Trump was getting rid of it. “The word,” he said, “is DACA.”
President Donald Trump, seen here in Ft. Myers, Fla., on Thursday, is facing the wrath of some of his staunchest allies over his decision to reverse course on undocumented young people — an unforgivable betrayal to some. ( DOUG MILLS / New York Times )
The details of a possible deal had not yet been hammered out. But it was immediately clear that Trump's turnabout would be the biggest early test of the loyalty of his base, much of which is hostile to immigration of all kinds.
To some of his staunchest allies, the news smacked of unforgivable abandonment. They had celebrated Trump's decision to end DACA, thinking he had sent the Dreamers on a path to deportation.
Article Continued Below
“Amnesty Don,” proclaimed an apoplectic Breitbart, the website run by former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon. “Why did we have an election,” moaned Mike Cernovich, the pro-Trump personality who traffics in conspiracy theories. “At this point, who DOESN'T want Trump impeached?” said far-right writer Ann Coulter, author of the book In Trump We Trust. “If (Associated Press) is correct,” Iowa Rep. Steve King said when news of the tentative deal first broke, “Trump base is blown up, destroyed, irreparable, and disillusioned beyond repair. No promise is credible.”
Pollsters cautioned that it was far too soon for such proclamations. Trump's voters have proven to be willing to fall in line behind his own preferences, and not all of them are as hostile to DACA as his most aggressive supporters on Twitter. Polls suggest a firm majority of his voters believe Dreamers, so named for a legalization proposal called the DREAM Act, should be permitted to stay. “I can live with it either way, to be perfectly honest with you,” said Carl Hobson, 78, who for months displayed a large Trump sign at his gas station in Maryland. Hobson thinks Trump should be “damn tough” on illegal immigration, and he complains about tax money going toward services for illegal immigrants. But he said protecting the Dreamers is “the right thing to do.”
“It's a pretty raw deal to have a kid that's lived here for several years and then try to throw them away. You can let them stay and let them go through the citizenship process just like the rest of us,” he said. Larry May, Republican chair in Nolan County, Texas, said he was “not in favour of essentially granting amnesty to the so-called Dreamers,” saying that most of them are adults who “need to be sent back.” But he said even a bad deal would have a “minimal” impact on Trump voters like himself. He said Trump will remain preferable to people like “communist Bernie Sanders or extreme socialist Hillary Clinton.” “There's really not anyone any better. If his supporters are not going to support the communist Democrats, I don't see they're going to give up their support just because they disagree with something Trump may have done,” said May, 63, an accountant. DACA gives 690,000 people two-year work permits and protection from deportation. It was created by Obama without legislation. A Trump deal could well make the Dreamers far more secure than they are under the Obama program, granting them some sort of lasting legal status. Democratic House leader Nancy Pelosi said she and Trump had come to an “understanding” that the Dreamers would get a path to citizenship. A Trump spokesperson said he was open to such a path “over a period of time.” But Trump muddied the waters, saying “we're not looking at citizenship.” The context for Trump's shift was especially infuriating to his conservative allies. He agreed to pursue a deal during a Wednesday dinner with Democratic leaders Pelosi and Chuck Schumer — who was heard saying Thursday, “He likes us. He likes me, anyway.” Irked with Republican leaders, Trump appeared to be eager to earn another round of the media praise he generated when he cut a budget deal with the Democrats last week. Dreamers were not ready to celebrate, noting that Trump often changes his mind and that congressional Republicans leaders had not bought in. The president's regular shifts in tone and substance have frequently led pundits to wonder whether he is a new man, only to see him revert to the same old.
“This is looking good. But Donald Trump is very unpredictable. I don't want to get my hopes up,” said DACA recipient Miguel Mendez, 27, an electrical engineer in Texas.
Read more about:
FLOAT
Differences in density power this Lego dance. In the experiment, students place isopropyl alcohol (density = 0.79g/mL) and salt water (17% NaCl by mass, density = 1.12 g/mL) in a bottle along with a variety of Lego pieces. Some of the Legos were snapped together with others, some pieces were free. When shaken, the alcohol and saltwater form an emulsion with an intermediate density a little below 1 g/mL. But because the liquids are immiscible, they soon separate back into two distinct phases. Lego pieces, meanwhile, are made of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS), which has a density between 1.00 and 1.08 g/mL, so they float on salt water and sink in the alcohol and the emulsion. But snapping the Legos together traps enough air in between them to create units with a density of around 0.94 g/mL, meaning they will sink in isopropyl alcohol but float on the saltwater and the emulsion.
Details of and ways to modify this classroom experiment, called a density bottle, can be found in the paper linked below. This video/animation is sped up for file-size reasons.
Credit: J. Chem. Educ. 2015, DOI: 10.1021/ed500830w
Bitcoin network has an issue with throughput, indeed at the moment it has a theoretical maximum of 7 transactions per second (on-chain), nothing compared with 10.000 transactions per second supported by VISA. A possible solution is to increase block size in order to support more transactions per second, but this would bring to another problem: size and blockchain bloat.
Every transaction takes time to be confirmed. Once a transaction is added in a block we can approximately say it has been confirmed. But when we send or receive a huge bitcoin amount it is better to wait that other 5 blocks has been added in the blockchain in order to avoid double-spend attack. In Bitcoin's blockchain each block is added on average every ten minutes, so we have to wait about an hour to be sure that a transaction has been confirmed, much more than VISA that needs seconds.
An interesting proposal to solve these issues is the Lightning Network.
The most decentralized scaling solution: the Lightning Network
In the Bitcoin's main chain Segwit is finally live and a great solution to the scaling issue is now possible and has already been chosen: the Lightning Network.
The Lightning Network is a protocol layer built on top of Bitcoin, it enables high-volume, low-latency digital micropayments without the need for trusted intermediaries. Its fundamental technology is bidirectional payment channel, a local two-party consensus system. The idea is that if two parties make lots of small transactions between them it is not efficient to broadcast all transactions to the network, but it's more efficient to broadcast only a transaction as settlement at the end of the relationship. In order to open the bidirectional payment channel two parties send an amount of Bitcoins to a 2-of- 2 multisignature address with a local consensus on the current balance allocated between the two participants. Those funds can only be spent if both parties agree. Before to do that they create a commitment transaction which have the aim of setting the initial balance between them and which gives to the honest party the possibility to take all the funds in the shared address if the other party behave in a dishonest manner. While the channel is open they take account of the movements of funds between them locally, off-chain, without register every transaction on the blockchain.
Let's make an example in order to understand how this bidirectional payment channel work. Mario want to send one Bitcoin to Luigi. They think to interact frequently in the future, so they decide to create a channel between them. Initially each of them creates a secret, a sequence of numbers, and exchange the relative hashes. In addition they set up a 2-of-2 multisig address in which they will send 5 Bitcoins each. The next step is to create a commitment transaction which input come from the 2-of-2 multisig address. In the commitment transaction Mario sends four Bitcoins (five less one) to himself and six to a second multisig address. This second multisig address can be used by Luigi, but only after a predetermined number of blocks, or it can be used by Mario but only if Mario know Luigi's secret. Now Mario signs its part of the transaction and give it to Luigi. Luigi does the same but mirrored and send its half signed commitment to Mario. Until they want to keep the channel open they don't have to broadcast the transaction commitment, but they have to hold it off-chain. Now that they have the commitment of the other, they can make the transactions which funds the 2-of-2 multisig address with five Bitcoins each. The channel is open.
If Luigi wants to send one bitcoin back to Mario they have to update the channel state. To do this they have to make a new commitment with the same procedure described above but with a 5-5 balance and with new secrets. They have also to share the secrets of the previous commitment.
Every party can close the channel in every moment by broadcasting the commitment transaction to the Bitcoin network. The procedure described above has the aim of avoiding that one party acts dishonestly broadcasting an old balance of the channel. Suppose that Luigi wants to steal one Bitcoin from Mario ignoring the last transaction of the channel, he will broadcast the old commitment transaction. But Mario now knows the Luigi's secret of the first commitment, so before the funds will unlock for Luigi's utilisation, Mario can hold for him all the fund in the initial 2-to-2 multisig address using Luigi's secret. This is an incentive to act honestly and eventually broadcast only the last commitment.
Bilateral payment channels only create a relationship between two parties. The objective of the Lightning Network is to create a connected network composed of many linked two-party payment channels, where payments can be sent over many channels without trusting the intermediate nodes. This works via a decrementing timelock that permits every intermediate node along the routing path to accept funds only if they forward it along to the next participant, using disclosure of preimages of cryptographic hashes. In the Lightning Network, nodes are not able to take for them funds traveling through their channels even if they fail to forward payments or refuse to perform any actions. A node operates without custody of third party funds, which is enforced by a timelimited cryptographic script. This is all achieved off-chain assuming cooperative parties, and enforced on-chain when one's counterparty is not cooperative.
To sum up, Lightning network may enable near-infinite transactions with near-zero transaction fees. Additionally it decentralizes mining functions, making possible to instantly settle transactions without the need of a miner. All this incredible features without increasing blocks size.
Why don't increase block size?
Doubling the block size is only a step in the direction of Bitcoin centralization, it only allows to double the maximum number of transactions per unit of time, but the resulting number will be a ridiculous one compared to the need of serving the entire global population. Thus, in the big blocker strategy, it will be only one of a long series of block size increments. This brings to the problem known as ‘blockchain bloat', the blockchain will exponentially growth in size, increasing Bitcoin centralization. Blocks propagation will become slower and only big players could operate as full nodes in this case, excluding less funded operators from the Bitcoin ecosystem, a clear assault to Bitcoin foundational principles.
Segwit2x
Segwit2x was only an attempt of some hardheaded subjects to save their reputation after a clear defeat in the scaling debate. Segwit2x is the result of an agreement made during summer 2017 by bigger blocks supporters, who “allowed” to activate Segwit, also if they didn't want to, with the explicit compromise to rise the block size in the next six months.
Segwit2x hard fork was planned to start at block height 494.784 (around the 16TH of November), but 2X promoters gave up days before due to a lack of support.
Their philosophy and vision are already interpreted by the Bitcoin Cash fork, there are no more reasons for their continuous attacks to the main chain through forks or other sort of obstacles, like mining empty blocks in order to increase transaction fees and push the community in the direction of bigger blocks.
The success of a fork depends on how many players follow the fork and how much they are important. First of all we have to see how miners will allocate their computational power between the two chains. Then, over which one developer decide to focus their efforts of implementation and finally how many users and firms will use the new chain.
Among 2X supporters there are some miners which decided to follow only their personal economic interests, trying to maximize their earnings and to strengthen their power position, ignoring to support only the best Bitcoin scaling solution.
Bitcoin Core developers and the most important personalities in the Bitcoin industry didn't support Segwit2x. It's really strange that an improvement proposal that doesn't introduce good technical solutions had this high level of buzz around itself.
Maybe Segwit2x fork is only postponed, its supporters are now moving towards Bitcoin Cash. Indeed they are smartly attacking Bitcoin making dust transactions (“spam” transactions) with the aim to the congest Bitcoin transaction pools, moving hashing power from Bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash and selling big amount of Bitcoin in exchange of Bitcoin Cash in order to pump the price up influencing the market.
The market can be unpredictable during these turbulent moments, but in the long run the most decentralized scaling solution will prevail. At the moment the best available is the Lightning Network.
Image via Shutterstock
1 / 10 Wamego, Kansas, United States
<a href="http://www.cheapflights.com" target="_hplink">Cheapflights.com</a> knows that you can't have the Wizard of Oz without Kansas so it's fitting that both a Wizard of Oz Museum and festival are found in the state. The small town of Wamego is as close to a living Oz shrine as you can get with local businesses and residents getting in on the act. Founded in 2004, the Oz Museum holds more than 25,000 Oz and L. Frank Baum artifacts featuring everything from first edition books to rare collectibles. OZtoberFest was launched in autumn of 2005 and is built around all the works of L. Frank Baum. This year's schedule hasn't been released yet, but you can expect special guests, performances, parties, fairs and contests.
Flickr:Justin Brockie
Military judge in Bradley Manning court martial equates exposure of state secrets with espionage
By John Burton
19 August 2013
Last Thursday, the military judge who presided over the court martial of US Army Private First Class Bradley Manning issued ten pages of “special findings” in support of her verdicts on 19 counts against the 25-year-old whistle-blower.
Manning now faces a sentence of up to 90 years in a military prison for releasing to WikiLeaks a video recording showing US helicopter crewmen murdering Iraqis, along with hundreds of thousands of war logs and diplomatic writings detailing widespread conspiracies against people, organizations and governments throughout the world. Sentencing is due to be announced next week.
The defense asked Lind to provide reasons for the verdict on the counts for which Manning was found guilty. In response, she released a short document that largely repeats the military's accusations with a declaration of agreement with the arguments. Manning, she found, released information that the government had declared classified, and this information was posted on the Internet. “The enemy” had access to the Internet, therefore Manning is guilty of espionage.
The same rationale employed by Lind could be used to prosecute anyone who releases any information that the government wants to be secret.
Completely absent from the court-martial findings is any recognition of Manning's motives and of the importance the WikiLeaks' revelations had for the population's understanding of US government policy.
Nor does Lind make any finding that Manning caused any harm. Indeed, the only damage caused by Manning's actions were to the machinations of the politicians and military officials whose war crimes he exposed.
Most of the findings are consumed with the small change of obedience to military regulations and whether Manning “purloined” and “converted” government property by making copies of it. In sustaining the most serious charge—“Causing Publication of Intelligence Belonging to the United States on the Internet Knowing the Intelligence is Accessible to the Enemy”—however, Lind defined “Intelligence” as “any information helpful to the enemy,” and “Enemy” as “not only organized opposing forces in time of war but also any other hostile body that our forces may be opposing and includes civilians as well members of military organizations.”
“Knowledge” requires, according to Lind's ruling, only “that PFC Manning acted with actual knowledge that intelligence published on the internet was accessible to the enemy.”
In other words, anyone who releases to the general public information classified as secret by some US government agency can be charged with the equivalence of espionage because undefined “opposing forces” and even “civilians” can download it from the Internet. There is no requirement that the accused intended to benefit the so-called “enemy,” or that he was acting at the behest of a government or organization.
Lind's findings ignore the First Amendment, and precedents such as the 1971 Supreme Court decision upholding the publication of the Pentagon Papers by the New York Times and Washington Post .
Explaining the dismissal of the government's case to suppress the publication of classified documents revealing years of official lying about the United States intervention in Vietnam, Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black spelled out in that case that “for the first time in the 182 years since the founding of the Republic, the federal courts are asked to hold that the First Amendment does not mean what it says, but rather means that the Government can halt the publication of current news of vital importance to the people of this country.”
The Supreme Court ultimately upheld the right of the Times and the Post to publish the Pentagon Papers. Over the last 40 years, there has been a disintegration of any constituency within the ruling class for basic democratic conceptions.
Col. Lind's ruling is geared not only at punishing Manning, but also at setting the stage for espionage prosecutions of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden—and anyone else who attempts to reveal government criminality.
Pushing daisies How human composting will change death in the city
What we do with our dead can seem bizarre to outsiders. In a Tibetan tradition called sky burial, the deceased are cut into small pieces by a man known as the rogyapa, or “breaker of bodies,” and laid atop mountains to be picked apart by vultures. Later, the bones are collected and pulverized with flour and yak butter and fed to crows and hawks. Feeding your loved ones to the same birds who eat roadkill may seem morbid to those of us in the West, but in Tibet, it's both sacrosanct (these birds are sacred in Buddhism) and practical (ever tried to dig a grave in frozen ground?).
Tibet isn't the only place with seemingly odd customs: In Madagascar, the bodies of the deceased are exhumed and sprayed with wine and perfume every few years. In Ghana, people are buried in coffins that represent their lives, so a fisherman might spend eternity in a box shaped like a carp and a farmer may spend it in a six-foot cob of corn. These rituals sound weird or even ghastly to us, from half a world away, but are any as bizarre — or as damaging — as what we do with the dead in America?
For most people in this country, there are two options after death: You are buried or you are burned. The costs, both environmental and financial, are significant, but we accept these options because they are all that we know. One Seattle architect wants to change this, to develop a form of body disposal that will both cost little and actually improve the environment. But before we get to that, let's look at the current state of death in America.
Most Americans, around 55 percent, are buried after they die. If you choose to be part of this silent majority, and if you opt for an open casket, your body will first be embalmed. This means that you will be drained of blood and injected with a delightful cocktail of formaldehyde, methanol, and other solvents. Pumped into your arteries, the embalming fluid acts as a preservative and slows decomposition by preventing the growth of bacteria that would naturally break down your cells. Basically, you're pickled.
Next, a mortician will dress you (plastic underwear may be necessary for leaky bodies) and cover you with makeup to make you look as life-like as possible. This may have the opposite effect, turning you into a sort of fleshy mannequin. Someone will probably fix your hair.
Despite the mortician's efforts, your body will eventually decompose (you aren't made of styrofoam after all), but embalming makes it take years instead of weeks. Not only are you shot up with more preservatives than a McDonald's hamburger, but your casket — which has a shell of either hardwood or metal — is then placed in a concrete container lined with plastic to prevent the land around your burial plot from sinking. This system is designed to be impenetrable, to keep out the elements that would naturally aid the body in decomposition, and it takes a lot of resources. Each year, over 30 million board feet of wood, 1.6 million tons of concrete, 750,000 gallons of embalming fluid, and 90,000 tons of steel are buried underground in the United States alone. You could construct a Golden Gate Bridge with that amount of steel, but we use it to store bodies.
For many people — especially those concerned about the environmental impact of burial — cremation is the greener option. But how green is it? Turns out, not very.
If you choose to be cremated, your body will be placed in pine box in a high-temperature oven. After a few hours at 1,400 to 1,800 degrees, what's left is a coarse gray powder with lumps of bone. The environmental impact of this process is not minor. Most crematoria are fueled by gas (a finite resource), and while some facilities use filters or scrubbers to reduce pollutants, cremation still results in soot, carbon monoxide, and trace metals like mercury being released into the air. According to the Funeral Consumers Alliance (FCA), each cremation takes 28 gallons of fuel and releases of 540 pounds of carbon dioxide. Multiply this by the 912,000 bodies that are cremated every year in the U.S., and the FCA estimates that 246,240 tons of carbon dioxide are released into each year due to cremation, or the equivalent of 41,040 cars.
After cremation, your remains may be stored on a mantel, scattered on a beach, poured in an hourglass, shot into space, turned into diamonds, mixed in with paint, stowed in a drawer, tattooed on a body, buried in coral, turned into concrete, blown into glass, pressed into vinyl, dropped off a boat, worn as jewelry, stirred into wine, or any number of other things. In my family, the tradition is to pack your loved one's ashes in double baggies and ship them to your children around the country. Or at least that's what my grandmother did when my grandfather died, attaching a note to put him on top of the TV for better reception.
What your ashes cannot do is nourish life. Cremated remains are devoid of nutrients, and so your ashes are less likely to fertilize the ground they are scattered on than bird shit falling from the sky. You're dust.
And none of this is cheap. The average cost of a burial is between $7,000 and $10,000, cremation is between $2,000 and $4,000, and death-care is a $20 billion a year industry, one notorious for preying on vulnerable consumers and increasingly controlled by a single entity called the Service Corporation International (SCI). SCI has been buying up competitors despite protests from Funeral Consumers Alliance, which petitioned the FTC to stop SCI from purchasing the nation's second-largest funeral services company, Stewart Enterprises, in 2013.
“It's alarming to think that a company with a long track record of abusing consumers at the worst times of their lives might get even bigger,” wrote Josh Slocum, FCA's executive director, in a press release. “For at least 15 years, grieving families around the country have complained to us about the practices at SCI funeral homes and cemeteries. From lying about options in order to boost the funeral bill, to digging up graves to re-sell them to another unsuspecting family, to denying the legal rights of LGBT people to make funeral arrangements for their partners. You name it, we've heard it.”
Despite protests, the merger was granted by the FTC. SCI estimated in 2014 that the company controlled 16 percent of the market. Its annual revenue was over $2.9 billion.
There are a few other options for body disposal in America, but they are not without flaws. Always dreamed of burial at sea? Good luck. You can't just hire a dingy and have your loved ones dump you overboard. At-sea burials are regulated by the EPA, and hiring a company to do it for you will cost over $10,000. There's also “green” or “natural” burial, which means a body isn't embalmed or entombed and is allowed to decompose naturally, but there aren't that many sites that allow this in the U.S., and most of them are in rural areas. For the vast majority of Americans, the choices are conventional burial or cremation.
But Katrina Spade wants to change this.
Get Grist in your inbox Always free, always fresh. The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you. See our privacy policy
Spade is the designer, architect, executive director, and sole employee of the Urban Death Project (UDP). She's in her late 30s, short-haired and androgynous, and she lives with her girlfriend and two kids in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. Spade hardly looks like someone obsessed with death, and she wasn't until a few years ago when she saw how quickly her kids were growing up. For the first time, she realized that if they were going to grow up, she was going to grow old, and then she was going to die. “I started to wonder what would happen to my body when I died,” she says. “What would my family do with me?”
Spade seems in no danger of dying any time soon. Her eyes are almost shockingly bright and even though it's winter in Seattle, she looks like she's been in the sun. As The Stranger's Branden Kiley wrote in a recent profile, Spade “radiates good health and optimism,” and has the look of an athlete — a distance runner, maybe, like someone who has never smoked a cigarette in her life. But Spade is obsessed with death, and she's trying to reshape the way we deal with it.
Specifically, Spade has made it her goal in life to give Americans another option for disposing of our bodies: human composting. Instead of being buried or burned when you die, your body could go to a “compost-based renewal facility.” The facility is essentially an enclosed building with a three-story “core” filled with organic material and encircled by a sloping walkway. During your funeral service, your body would be shrouded in linen and your friends and family would walk you to the top of the core and lay you within the soil.
“Bodies, our bodies,” Spade says, “will be laid into the ground and covered with wood chips. There would also be some other carbon materials that would help the process work a little more efficiently, like sawdust, which is very high-carbon, and possibly something like alfalfa straw.” The process of turning from human to soil is surprisingly quick. The UDP's website says that within a few weeks of interment, “the body decomposes and turns into a nutrient-rich compost. The process is continuous — new bodies are laid into the system as finished compost is extracted below.”
There is precedent for this kind of burial, and it comes from agriculture. “Thank goodness,” Spade says. “I really don't think I'm the appropriate person to create a brand-new process but I do think that I'm the right person to take a process that's been studied by agriculture and universities for a number of years now. The research is out there.”
Spade explains that when animals die on farms and can't be butchered, their bodies are processed using “static mortality composting.” About 18 inches of wood chips are spread in a field, and the animal is laid on top and covered with another 18 inches of wood chips so it resembles a mulch pile. After a couple months, the animal is just … gone. With humans, Spade says, all that remains will be the artificial parts of us, “things like titanium hips and gold teeth.” Even your bones will disappear.
Of course, humans are not livestock and this process must be thoroughly tested before it's put into practice. “One of the things we're doing right now,” Spade says, “is starting to test human composting to understand exactly how long it takes, how much aeration you want, what's the proper carbon mix.”
Testing is ongoing at Western Carolina University, a rural campus nestled deep in the Blue Ridge Mountains, in the Anthropology Department's Forensic Osteology Research Station — more commonly known as a “body farm.” WCU is one of five universities with these sites in the country, and forensic students use them to study the stages of decomposition (that's another thing you can do with your body — donate it to science). The site at WCU is also used for training cadaver dogs, and now, for measuring rates of decay for the Urban Death Project. Spade has visited, and described a recently laid-out body as “beautiful, though it didn't quite register as human. It's important to respect the body, but somewhere in the system we cease to be human. We can't be human forever.”
After the project comes to fruition (and there's a lot to be done besides just testing), Spade envisions using the first UDP as a prototype for communities all over the world. The same way you have a neighborhood library that reflects the local community, you'd have a neighborhood UDP. It would be staffed with funeral directors and function in many of same ways as the traditional funeral home — bodies would be prepared and interned at the site, and you could hold memorial services and come back later to visit, just as you would with a traditional graveyard.
Unlike a traditional graveyard, however, you could go home with your loved ones in the form of soil. You could then spread them in a garden or under a tree planted in their honor, and, Spade says, even public parks could be fertilized with the soil, so cities would be nourished by the people who lived in them.
The fact that this idea would work in cities is vital, says Spade, because urban cemeteries are running out of space. At the UDP facility bodies will be stacked with six to 10 feet of material separating them, so there's no commingling during the decomposition process. After the initial breakdown, the remains would be mechanically aerated and mixed together, so, Spade says, the soil you take home is “basically your loved one and maybe a couple other loved ones.”
She understands this idea may be icky to some, but it's an important part of her concept, the thing that differentiates it from other natural burials, which require extensive land. “There are a lot of people who wish I would make it so it was a individual person by individual person,” she says, “and I'm sure I'll continue to get pushback, but I'll continue to be stubborn because I think it's really important that we're part of a larger ecosystem.”
The Urban Death Project exists only as an idea right now. There is no facility yet or even a name for one, plus the laws regarding human composting are unclear. (“It's not illegal, but someone would probably try to stop you,” Spade says, and a large part of this project will be legislative.)
But Spade has funding from donors as well as a fellowship paying her salary (a Kickstarter campaign is scheduled to launch March 30, and, yes, one of the rewards is a spot in the facility). She also has a board of directors and a host of volunteers who want to see this succeed, mostly because they would like an ecological and low-cost option for their own disposal. (Spade doesn't have a definite price yet, but the UDP is a nonprofit and she mentions a sliding scale.) When asked what kind of people reach out to her, Spade says it's some of what you would expect — gardeners, environmentalists, non-religious people for whom nature is as close as they get to spirituality — but it's also people who just don't like the idea of their bodies going to waste.
If Katrina Spade gets her way, human composting will someday be as normal as burial or cremation, and maybe, eventually, it will replace them both. It may sound odd now, but is draining the body and filling it with formaldehyde any less bizarre? We accept burial and cremation because they're what we know, but maybe human composting is the greater option. It's cheaper, more ecological, and it keeps the cycle going: You aren't ashes. You aren't dust. You're earth.
Less than a year after he took over as chairperson of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), Injeti Srinivas , who had attempted to bring widely used anti-diabetic and cardiac medicines as well as cardiac stents under price control, has been moved out to the post of director general of the Sports Authority of India (SAI). He continues to hold additional charge as NPPA chairperson “till alternative arrangements are made”.A 1983 batch Odisha cadre IAS officer, Srinivas had taken over as NPPA chairperson just nine months ago on June 11, 2014. In July 2014, NPPA extended price control to drugs outside the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) by fixing price ceilings for 108 formulation packs of 50 anti-diabetic and cardiovascular medicines using a specific provision in the Drug Price Control Order of 2013. The provision authorised NPPA “in extraordinary circumstances, if it considers necessary so to do in public interest, fix the ceiling price or retail price of any drug for such period as it deems fit”.In protest, many pharma companies and associations took the government to court following which the government withdrew the guidelines under the DPCO provision used to fix prices.In December 2014, Srinivas, reacting to reports of medical device companies overcharging patients on cardiac stents including drug eluting stents, had sought pricing details from multinational companies that dominate the cardiac stent market including Abbott Healthcare, Boston Scientific, Zimmer, Edwards Life Sciences, Johnson & Johnson and Medtronic. He held a meeting with the manufacturers in the last week of February. The Maharashtra food and drug administration had written to NPPA asking it to bring stents, which figure among devices listed under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, under price control.In January this year, the Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India (OPPI) had been asked to provide information on the import, sale, therapeutic effect, and pricing of patented drugs in India to NPPA “for further action”. In March, the NPPA, which had fixed the price of various types of IV fluids, asked manufacturers to provide data on pricing, packaging and pack size when they protested against price controls.“Srinivas was acting in public interest by intervening actively as is the mandate of NPPA to implement price control. He was shunted out because he was really effective as NPPA chairperson and had become a thorn in the side of the drug companies with respect to price control,” alleged Chinu Srinivasan of LOCOST, a non-profit charitable trust manufacturing essential medicines.
The Deal
$20 for two tickets to see a Gwinnett Gladiators hockey game ($49.10 value)
Where: Arena at Gwinnett Center
Seating: Club-level seating
Door time: 6:05 p.m.
Ticket values include all fees.
Click here to view the seating chart.<p>
Games and Dates
Against the Florida Everblades on Thursday, November 14, at 7:05 p.m.
Against the Everblades on Friday, November 15, at 7:05 p.m.
Against the Greenville Road Warriors on Saturday, November 23, at 7:05 p.m.<p>
The Scouting Report
As the back-to-back ECHL South Division champions, the Gwinnett Gladiators return to the ice in 2013–14 under the guidance of newly appointed head coach Rick Emmett. Though his title is new, Emmett's familiarity with the organization runs deep, starting with his years as a player and continuing into his recent stint as assistant coach. During early-season bouts, the Gladiators will have a chance to deliver a blow to a surging Florida Everblades team. The Gladiators have a chance to hand the Everblades their first regulation loss of the season, which would sting almost as much as switching out their opponent's hockey gear with ice-skating outfits. <p>
Gwinnett Gladiators
An ECHL affiliate of the Phoenix Coyotes, the Gwinnett Gladiators skate constant circles in pursuit of the Kelly Cup. After joining the league in 2003, the team reached the playoffs in seven of its first nine seasons, netting one trip to the finals. Since its inception, the team has played at The Arena at Gwinnett Center, entertaining up to 13,000 fans with fast-paced hockey action and tense moments when the Gladiator's goalie sticks his tongue to the ice at crucial moments.
Fox News pundit Todd Starnes appeared on the Family Research Council's “Washington Watch” program yesterday to chat with Tony Perkins about what they perceive as growing anti-Christian persecution in America, including New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's recent announcement that city schools will now close for the Muslim holidays of Eid al-Adha and al-Fitr.
The two right-wing commentators were outraged, claiming that New York City's move somehow discriminates against Christians.
“But yet when it comes to Christmas and Easter, two very prominent Christian holidays, they're not on the school calendar, they're called ‘winter break' and ‘spring break,'” Perkins said. Starnes concurred: “Oh yes. For the sake of tolerance and diversity, that normally means the Christians are going to be discriminated against or their holidays are going to be minimalized.”
Easter always falls on a Sunday, which would explain why it is not on a school vacation calendar, while Christmas does in fact appear on New York City's list of school holidays [PDF]. The city's schools are also closed for Good Friday, along with the Jewish holy days of Yom Kippur, Rosh Hashanah and Passover.
An anguished Perkins lamented that “when 85 percent of the population identifies as Christian but we can't have a Christmas holiday because it's religious but yet we can have Muslim holidays, something is not right there in New York City, ‘The Big Apple,' something is rotten.”
Starnes responded by claiming that Islam is being elevated over Christianity, and it's all Obama's fault.
“You're absolutely right Tony,” the Fox News pundit said. “How many times have we seen this, where the Islamic faith is being given accommodation and the Christian faith and other religious faiths are being marginalized, not just in the public workspace but also through the Obama administration.”
Perkins also managed to attack President Obama for de Blasio's decision: “I think the Obama administration has created the environment for policies such as this.”
One of the architects of Australia's tax system on natural resources, Craig Emerson, has backed calls for a parliamentary inquiry into why the boom in liquefied natural gas exports is failing to deliver any meaningful contribution to the public purse.
Mr Emerson – who designed the petroleum resource rent tax with economist Ross Garnaut in the Hawke government – believes particular scrutiny should be given to extra concessions won by the oil and gas sector since the tax was first imposed on offshore projects in the mid-1980s.
Fairfax Media has revealed over recent months that just 5 per cent of 150 oil and gas ventures are paying any PRRT, despite Australia being poised to eclipse Qatar as the world's single biggest exporter of LNG by 2020.
The industry has built up a mountainous $187 billion in exploration and development tax credits, which continue to rise sharply and will be used to insulate the multinational petroleum companies from having to pay any resource rent tax for years to come.
Become a Friend to the Twin Cities Jazz Festival!
If you value this wonderful Festival, become a Friend to the Twin Cities Jazz Festival and ensure this unique and priceless celebration of Jazz and Community can be possible. This is your jazz festival and only possible though your gift at any amount that works for you. Whether it's $15, $50, $100 or more, every gift counts!
Drop a donation in our jazz fest donation boxes at the stages, stop by the Festival Info booth at Mears Park or, better yet, click here to donate now.
Thanks for making this great event a possibility in the Twin Cities for the last 18 Years!
Remembering Larry Englund
Larry was a major force in the Twin Cities jazz scene. I can't recall a jazz performance, both big and small, where Larry and Liz were not attending. He willingly gave his time and experience and, since the beginning, helped shape and create the jazz festival. Larry called me from Hospice two days before he passed. What I thought would be a somber conversation, Larry immediately told me who needed to be booked at the festival as well as thoughts about the youth stage. (Larry was on the education and booking committee). This is who Larry Englund was and will be sorely missed. RIP
Twin Cities Jazz Festival Official Hotel
The Intercontinental Hotel is the official hotel of the Twin Cities Jazz Fest. A block rate is available at $149 (click link below) so book early before it fills up. Why drive home when you can stay downtown and make it a Jazz Fest weekend. There is jazz in the hotel on Friday and Saturday nights in the Citizen restaurant on the first floor. LINK TO BLOCK RATE
A Special Thanks
This activity is made possible by the voters of Minnesota through grants from the Minnesota State Arts Board, thanks to a legislative appropriation from the Arts and Cultural Heritage Fund and by a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts.
Connect with Facebook &
Start Assessment
If you are already a member of facebook, you can sign in right away!
Important Note: You must be 18 and live in United State or Canada to register for the Meschino Natural Health Assessment. By opting in to our communications you will begin receiving email with valuable information on health and nutrition from Dr. Meschino along with the specials on Adeeva products, formulated by Dr. Meschino. Please note that you can unsubscribe at any time.
We respect your privacy - we do not sell or distribute information gathered in this form. Information gathered in this form is used solely for the purpose of providing valuable information on health and nutrition from Dr. Meschino along with the specials on Adeeva products, formulated by Dr. Meschino. Review our privacy policy.
Adëeva Nutritionals, 5500 Explorer Drive, 3rd Floor, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L4W 5C7.
1-888-494-1010
info@adeeva.com
There's a new public enemy #1 for US record labels when it comes to online piracy: a website called "MP3skull."
The MP3skull site, which was sued for copyright infringement by the major US record labels on Friday, is a no-frills listing of hit songs available for download within a few clicks. The site hosts no content, instead linking to MP3 music files that are available on other sites. For instance, its current top hit, "See You Again" by Wiz Khalifa, links to files hosted on sites like mp3light.net, freemp3.se, and trendingmp3.com.
"You can find your favorite songs in our multimillion database of quality mp3 links," the site suggests on its front page. "We provide fast and relevant search... Hope you enjoy staying here!"
The site includes a "copyright" page, which has a series of bizarre disclaimers including one that says "all music on is presented only for fact-finding listening." Another suggests that users must remove songs from their computer after they listen to it.
The record labels' lawsuit (PDF) was filed in the Southern District of Florida, where the site's Web hosting service, Webzilla, is based. The record labels admit they don't know where the site's owners are based. Their investigation points to Russia, but that's far from certain. The complaint describes how during two brief periods in December 2010 and October 2013, MP3Skull's domain registration was visible to the public. At that time, the registration indicated the site's owner was Monica Vasilenko, who lived in the Russian city of Petrozavodsk. Vasilenko and Does 1-10 are being sued as operators of the site.
The complaint describes how MP3Skull operators actively helped users download "obviously infringing files," often explaining via their Facebook and Twitter pages how to "be very creative when you are searching our site" to avoid notices about copyright removals.
In July 2012, for instance, the site operators wrote that they were "forced AGAIN to remove a huge amount of our searches from the same shitty organization." They gave "tips how to work around this" with such tactics as removing individual words from song titles.
The complaint notes that the site has already been banned in the United Kingdom, after that country's High Court of Justice ruled in October 2013 that ISPs had to block the site because of its copyright violations.
In addition to asking for statutory damages of $150,000 per infringed work, the RIAA lawsuit asks for an injunction taking away the site's domain names and ordering any Web hosts or registrars doing business with the defendants to stop "facilitating access" to the websites. It also asks for "all third parties" to be stopped from "providing advertising, financial, technical, or other support to MP3Skull."
The RIAA believes the site gets about one million unique US visitors each month, which is about 17 percent of MP3Skull's global traffic. The site MP3skull.com began redirecting to MP3skull.to in February.
"MP3Skull is a very popular rogue website devoted to encouraging and facilitating the massive, brazen and egregious theft of millions of copyrighted sound recordings," an RIAA spokesperson told Ars in a statement, noting that record labels have sent millions of DMCA notices, but to little avail. "The facts laid out in our complaint spell that out in damning detail... MP3Skull continues to exist and flourish. The modern Internet landscape has no room for this kind of blatantly illicit site."
MP3Skull didn't immediately respond to requests for comment sent via its website and Facebook page.
US record labels have taken down numerous file-sharing sites in the past via litigation, although it has often been a long battle. Last year, the RIAA sued Megaupload, a "cyberlocker" site that's also facing criminal charges brought by the US government.
Going back in years, there's a long list of sites that were wiped out following RIAA litigation. Napster, KaZaa, Morpheus, and Grokster all have fallen by the wayside. Last year, EMI won its long-running lawsuit against the site MP3Tunes.com, with a verdict ordering the site's founder to pay $41 million.
The cyberlocker site Hotfile shut down last year, as did the long-running IsoHunt torrent site. Those sites were both sued by movie studios.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Neil Young's oddly shaped MP3 player has apparently found a small niche, regardless of whether listeners can actually hear the difference between its 24-bit, 192kHz songs and music streamed or downloaded from the likes of Apple or Spotify. In a Facebook post last week, Young indicated that "tens of thousands of players and hundreds of thousands of tracks" had been sold and that the Pono Players manufactured so far had a three percent failure rate.
That said, the company is still running into trouble stemming from its lack of resources, suggesting that it has spent the bulk of its $6.2 million Kickstarter haul from last year. Young wants Pono to expand into Canada, Great Britain, and Germany, among other countries, but it doesn't currently have the funding. The company also continues its hunt for a "proven business leader" to serve as CEO, a role Young stepped into when former CEO John Hamm (not to be confused with actor Jon Hamm) left in July of 2014.
The rest of Young's lengthy post emphasizes that this is a "delicate time" for Pono, but that he wants to continue providing high-quality players, music, speakers, headphones, and other "breakthrough products built to bring music to its rightful place in the twenty-first century."
"This is truly worth it," Young writes. "This mission is worth it to all of the people who have stuck with Pono from the beginning as well as people who may not even be aware of it yet. People like us believe so much in our goal of saving music for the masses forever. We know our mission is the most important thing. That is Pono."
Image: Netflix
The applicants have three minutes to make nine perfect cubes. There's nine of them in the room standing around a circular table with a massive tray in the middle filled with the blocks they'll use to complete the process. Those who finish the puzzle will move on to the next round of the interview. Those who don't are out of the street, literally.
This isn't an unorthodox job interview for a new San Francisco tech company, but a harrowing scene from Netflix's 3%, a new Brazilian science fiction series that hits close to home. It's a world of extreme income inequality where techno-fascists rule with an iron fist. Imagine an immortal Peter Thiel lording over the Bay Area and you'll have some idea.
3% has a simple but brilliant setup: In the near future the planet has gone to shit and the world is divided between the haves and have nots. About three percent of the population lives in opulent splendor on an island wonderland in the Atlantic Ocean. It's called The Offshore. The other 97 percent live in poverty on a continent devastated by some unexplained disaster.
Every year, the 97 percent sends its 20-year-olds to undergo The Process, the method by which the elites replenish their numbers. The young men and women undergo psychological, emotional, and physical tests to earn a spot on The Offshore. Only three percent make it through every year and the competition is cutthroat.
On the surface, 3% sounds like another bad Hunger Games knockoff—a young adult dystopian story where kids learn they're chosen and rebel against a tyrannical adult-run system of control. It's not. 3% is a brutal commentary on the world's rising income inequality and the lengths we're all willing to go to to improve our lot.
Famed Brazilian cinematographer César Charlone directed eight of the show's episodes and his unique vision gives 3% a surreal and horrible feel not seen in lesser dystopias. This is the guy who controlled the camera for City of God and The Constant Gardner.
It's also an incredibly Brazilian show, which is perfect. Brazil has some of the highest income disparity on the planet. São Paulo is a megacity where the ultra-rich travel the skies in rented helicopters and cruise the streets in bulletproof cars. It's a city where the poor live in makeshift favelas that resemble something from William Gibson's nightmares. It's a city where plastic surgeons do a brisk trade in reconstructive ear surgery because kidnapping is common and the easiest way to prove you've got a mark is to send their ear.
In 3%, the Offshore has used the Process to control the population for more than 100 years and looking at modern Brazil, it's not a huge leap.
It's unclear what, exactly, The Process tests for. It begins with a job interview where three percenters grill the newcomers to an emotional breaking point to see how they'll react. Then the kids move on to complicated cognition tests such as putting together the nine cubes.
"You each create your own merit," Ezequiel, the man running the process, tells the kids as they file into the dorms. "No matter what happens … you deserve this." He's implying that only those who deserve to move Offshore will make the cut. This is a meritocracy taken to the extreme.
Losers who don't make it Offshore will spend their entire lives in poverty. The stress is so high that one confident kid who doesn't make the cut immediately commits suicide by throwing himself off a balcony in the testing center.
It's not so far from our own world, where the competition to get into a good school and land a good job drives many to self harm. In the 3%, as in our own world, society looks down on those who don't achieve and there's a certain kind of person who believes that life's losers earned their place at the bottom.
In 3%, there is—of course—a resistance against The Offshore. Ezequiel says this group operates "in the name of a false or hypocritical equality." The divide is so baked into society that not even the have-nots question it. Everyone wants to get what they believe they deserve.
John Steinbeck argued socialism would never take off in America because the poor see themselves as "temporarily embarrassed capitalists." 3%—like Black Mirror—hits so hard because it seems bizarre and distant, but as the show unwinds and reveals its mysteries, audiences will come to realize that we're already part of The Process.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
WASHINGTON — A Federal District Court judge on Friday ordered the public disclosure of 28 classified military videotapes showing the forced cell extraction and forced feeding of a hunger-striking Guantánamo Bay detainee, rejecting the Obama administration's arguments that making the videos public would endanger national security.
The New York Times and 15 other news organizations had petitioned to unseal the videos. In a 28-page opinion, Judge Gladys Kessler of the United States Court for the District of Columbia cited the First Amendment in overriding the government's arguments for keeping them secret, most of which, she said, were “unacceptably vague, speculative,” lacking specificity or “just plain implausible.”
Judge Kessler issued the ruling one day after a related decision to keep open to the public most of an evidentiary hearing scheduled next week about force-feeding procedures. The Obama administration had sought to close the proceeding, which will amount to a miniature trial over whether the practices are humane.
It is not clear when the videos will become public. Judge Kessler said the military, before releasing them, may blur the faces of guards and nurses and mask their voices. The Justice Department may also appeal her decision to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
12 February 2015, 09:30
Same 23 from Wales win to welcome Azzurri
“Italy are going to be fired up” – Stuart Lancaster
England Head Coach Stuart Lancaster has named an entirely unchanged match-day 23 to take on Italy on Saturday at Twickenham (kick-off 2.30pm, live on BBC One).
Such consistency means both Saracens lock George Kruis and Bath Rugby centre Jonathan Joseph, who scored the match-clinching try last Friday against Wales, are handed their first starts at the home of England Rugby.
The same line-up of players on the replacements bench brings Harlequin Nick Easter in line for a first Test on these shores for four years.
Similarly, Sale Shark Danny Cipriani could end a six-and-a-half-year Twickenham hiatus with England, stretching back to a 42-6 defeat to South Africa in November 2008.
Looking ahead to the visit of the Azzurri, England Head Coach Stuart Lancaster said: “It's always good to be able to name an unchanged team and to build some consistency.
“We did the same last year after France heading into the Scotland game.
“Italy are going to be fired up. They always are when they come to Twickenham, especially after last week's loss to Ireland.
“We know what's coming at us but we have prepared well and are looking forward to getting back home to our fantastic supporters.”
England match-day 23 to face Italy
15. Mike Brown (Harlequins, 34 caps)
14. Anthony Watson (Bath Rugby, 5 caps)
13. Jonathan Joseph (Bath Rugby, 7 caps)
12. Luther Burrell (Northampton Saints, 8 caps)
11. Jonny May (Gloucester Rugby, 12 caps)
10. George Ford (Bath Rugby, 7 caps)
9. Ben Youngs (Leicester Tigers, 43 caps)
1. Joe Marler (Harlequins, 27 caps)
2. Dylan Hartley (Northampton Saints, 62 caps)
3. Dan Cole (Leicester Tigers, 46 caps)
4. David Attwood (Bath Rugby, 17 caps)
5. George Kruis (Saracens, 5 caps)
6. James Haskell (Wasps, 54 caps)
7. Chris Robshaw (captain, Harlequins, 33 caps)
8. Billy Vunipola (Saracens, 13 caps)
Replacements
16. Tom Youngs (Leicester Tigers, 18 caps)
17. Mako Vunipola (Saracens, 16 caps)
18. Kieran Brookes (Newcastle Falcons, 7 caps)
19. Nick Easter (Harlequins, 48 caps)
20. Tom Croft (Leicester Tigers, 38 caps)
21. Richard Wigglesworth (Saracens, 17 caps)
22. Danny Cipriani (Sale Sharks, 9 caps)
23. Billy Twelvetrees (Gloucester Rugby, 17 caps)
With the new cards printed in Kaladesh, the Modern Lantern Control deck is getting some pretty big upgrades. Let's take a look at all of the sweet new toys that Lantern now has access to.
I'll start with my most recent decklist, new cards have an asterisk* next to them:
Inventors' Fair
Inventors' Fair is easily the most insane addition to this deck since it's original creation. First off, this is a land that does things other than just make mana. That's already a great deal, just like how other decks benefit from utility lands like Raging Ravine, Gavony Township, or Ghost Quarter. Having a land provide additional usefulness and options is amazing because you don't have to replace a creature or spell in your deck to get the same effect. We essentially get to run more action cards in our deck.
One of the biggest upsides of playing this land card is gaining an edge against most decks that try to damage us without just attacking with creatures. Decks like Burn, Zoo, and U/R/x tempo decks playing Snapcaster Mage and Lightning Bolt aim to do just that against us. Inventors' Fair allows us to gain a life every turn which can put us out of burn range for the aforementioned decks. Enabling the ability isn't exactly difficult either since we have so many cheap artifacts in our deck. Before Lantern had access to this card, I would often get in situations where I had very little life left. Being at low life, you are more constrained on your choices for what cards you want to allow your opponent to draw. If you're at 2 life, for example, you can't let your opponent draw bolt or Atarka's Command or Snapcaster (w/ a bolt in graveyard). This is no longer a problem with Inventors' Fair, as you'll be able to get out of bolt range quickly by gaining extra life each turn.
The other huge addition Inventors' Fair brings to the table is the ability to tutor for our lock pieces. Lantern Control often aims to setup a “lock” where it prevents the opponent from attacking with creatures or drawing any relevant card to get out of the lock. Lantern of Insight + Ensnaring Bridge + Codex Shredder + Ghoulcaller's Bell are cards that aim to completely lock down the opponent from being able to hurt us. In the past, we only had access to Ancient Stirrings to search for our lock pieces. With this new land from Kaladesh, we can search up our last remaining piece allowing us to establish complete control more consistently. I often find myself using the Fair to simply tutoring another mill rock (shredder/bell) to ensure the opponent remains unable to draw good cards. Other times I use the Fair to tutor up a strong hate card, such as Grafdigger's Cage from the sideboard or Pyxis of Pandemonium to exile opposing Ancient Grudges.
Blooming Marsh
While not as impressive as the other land from Kaladesh, Blooming Marsh provides the Lantern deck with a bit more stability. Llanowar Wastes was the go-to land to have access to turn 1 untapped green or black sources of mana. There really wasn't any other option until now; even Overgrown Tomb still hurt too much. The addition of Blooming Marsh means we will likely have 1-2 extra life for every other game we play, since we won't have to damage ourselves with Llanowar Wastes. This may not sound like a big deal but when the goal of this deck is to simply survive the first few turns until it can cast an Ensnaring Bridge, that 1-2 life makes a big difference a non-zero amount of the time. I've had plenty of games where I've stabilized at 1 or 2 life after the onslaught of creatures my opponent attacked me with in the first few turns of the game. That little bit of extra time goes a long way for a deck that wants to survive just long enough to lock up a game.
Collective Brutality
This card wasn't in Kaladesh, but Eldritch Moon. I feel like Collective Brutality is recent enough to include in this overview as a “new update” because the card is such an amazing addition to this deck. This card does so many positive things for Lantern Control. I've replaced both Pyrite Spellbombs with this card, as they serve the same purpose of killing of tiny creatures. The most common use of this card is to give a creature -2/-2 and look at our opponent's hand to make them discard a spell. This is quite good against a number of decks, for example you get to:
Collective Brutality pulls its own weight against these matchups and many more. Discarding an extra card from your hand is a small cost to pay to get two powerful effects against tough decks to beat. Against burn you also get the third option to drain life, putting you even further ahead. One of the coolest parts about this card is the fact that it provides you with many options. Even the option to discard extra cards unconditionally to quickly empty your hand for an Ensnaring Bridge is actually useful.
You don't always have to Escalate to benefit from this card. Simply choosing the first mode of looking at an opponent's hand is often good enough against most decks. This gives you information on what's in their hand which is very important in determining what cards to mill or not mill while a Lantern of Insight is in play. If you don't know what your opponent has in their hand then you don't always know what they do or don't want to draw. But Collective Brutality isn't simply a Gitaxian Probe, it also removes extremely powerful cards from our opponent that we had trouble dealing with in the past. Cards like Scapeshift, Cryptic Command, Become Immense, Collected Company, Ad Nauseam, and Shatterstorm can all be stripped from our opponent's grip. Brutality also hits cards commonly sided in against our deck like Ancient Grudge, Nature's Claim, Abrupt Decay, and Wear//Tear. It's true that we had ways of dealing with these cards before, but now the deck has additional ways to do that, making it more consistent against tough decks and more resilient to artifact hate.
Cards that missed the cut
I also wanted to touch on a few cards that I've intentionally left out of my Lantern Control decklist. These are cards that other pilots of the deck have tried and enjoyed. I personally haven't liked them as much as other options and thus have left them out of my most recent list. If these cards work for you and are putting up the results you want, then by all means keep playing with them. There's no one perfect list of Lantern Control, or any deck for that matter. Play what you know and you'll do better than playing with cards you don't like.
The cards I've left out are:
Ghirapur Aether Grid: This card was present in my Grand Prix Oklahoma City 1st place deck list. I had tested it before the event and it put up good results against quite a few decks. The card helped hold off creature based decks very well. It also was an excellent way to close out a game quickly, especially if your opponent was dragging the game on unnecessarily long. So why don't I like this card anymore? After the 18 rounds of GP OKC, I found that I often sided this card out. There were multiple opening hands where this card was just clunky. It didn't help progress the main gameplan of the deck, setting up the lantern lock. It was soft at locking out creature decks at best. The fact that it costs 3 mana means that it doesn't hit the battlefield soon enough to help clean up the problem creatures. It was just too slow for me.
Infernal Tutor: This is probably the card that's been talked about the most. How is this card just not the most amazing card to include in a deck that is Hellbent most of the time and needs to find certain lock pieces to establish control over the game? Well the answer is that Infernal Tutor is both amazing and terrible in this deck. It is amazing because, assuming you haven't lost the game in the first few turns of the game, you will get to cast it to find whatever you want. Usually it's getting the missing Lantern of Insight or Ensnaring Bridge.
The problem here is that this card is extremely conditional. You literally cannot cast it on the first, second, or third turns of the game to find what you want. You can't cast it early because you still have cards in your hand. As a result, this card provides zero options to you while you attempt to survive through the crazy fast decks other people are playing in Modern. Imagine this scenario: You get paired against Infect, Affinity, and Death Shadow aggro back-to-back at a tournament. In each match, your opening hand always contains Infernal Tutor. Are you more or less likely to win each of these games? Remember, even if you empty your hand on turn 3, cast tutor on turn 4, you can't cast the bridge until turn 5.
Sea Gate Wreckage: This is a great card and definitely a worthwhile consideration for a deck that has an empty hand for the majority of the game. There are two main problems with Sea Gate Wreckage in this deck. The first is that it's competing with the other colorless mana producing lands. We have spells that cost green, black, and sometimes red, blue, or white. Each time we take out a land that produces colored mana for a utility land that makes colorless mana we then lessen the chance of being able to consistently cast our spells. Four colorless lands was the correct number I found when running 17 lands, and thus five colorless lands work fine in an 18 land deck. In order to include Sea Gate, we'd have to shave Academy Ruins or Inventors' Fair or Ghost Quarter. The first two are absolute monsters in this deck so I wouldn't touch those. The latter serves a strong purpose in giving us extra opportunities to beat R/G Scapeshift decks or Tron decks, as well as holding off Inkmoth Nexus.
The 2nd reason I don't like this card is because I don't feel like the effect helps us get to our main goal of setting up a lock quickly enough. We won't be able to use this land until we are Hellbent and have access to other mana sources, this likely won't be until turn 5 or turn 6. By that time, we needed to have survived what our opponent's deck was trying to kill us with. Sea Gate Wreckage couldn't have helped us survive (but Ghost Quarter could have). I think the small chance that we gain benefit from Sea Gate later in the game isn't as great as the chance of getting utility from GQ early on. The exception would be against Jund or Abzan decks, but luckily we now have Inventors' Fair to find us extra copies of whatever gets destroyed.
Thank you for taking the time to read up on what I've been working on. I hope you've enjoyed it. Let me know if you've been working on trying out any other cards in Lantern Control and how they've been doing for you.
Zac
Comments
Last week, the Sierra Club left San Francisco, its home since its founding 124 years ago. Like so many individuals and institutions, it was pushed out by high rent.
The Club, the US's largest grassroots environmental organization, will be fine in its new home across the bay in Oakland; it's San Francisco I worry about.
Contemporary gentrification is an often violent process by which a complex and diverse urban environment becomes more homogeneous and exclusionary. It does to neighborhoods and cities what climate change is doing to the earth: driving out fragile and deeply rooted species, and pushing the poor past the brink.
Think of climate change as a globalized form of gentrification, reducing complex environments, uprooting species and cultures, punishing the poor and rewarding the rich – or at least leaving them out of the purges. After all, the reason why climate change continues unabated long after most of the world has acknowledged its seriousness is that it's profitable for some, notably fossil fuel companies, and not threatening enough to the people in power. You can buy your way out of a lot of trouble, if watching the suffering and annihilation of others doesn't trouble you.
Death by gentrification: the killing that shamed San Francisco | Rebecca Solnit Read more
Thanks to climate change, there is already immense suffering and loss, of places, species, crops, homes. The poor are often the people deeply rooted in place, whether they're fisherfolk in the Mekong Delta (due to go underwater from rising seas) or farmers in desertifying Africa or India, where a horrific heatwave and drought killed at least 300 last month and left 330 million without enough water. The rich can always move on if their beachfront home floods or the weather in the Azores or Miami becomes unbearable, as it did last month in Cambodia during “the most intense heatwave ever observed in south-east Asia”, where the temperature reached 108.7F (42.6C) for the first time ever recorded.
Climate change produces famine, but the elite won't starve. Billionaire investment leader Warren Buffett wrote to his flock at Berkshire Hathaway that “as a homeowner in a low-lying area, you may wish to consider moving. But when you are thinking only as a shareholder of a major insurer, climate change should not be on your list of worries.”
This is what I thought about when I heard that the Sierra Club left San Francisco last week. I'm sure you've heard that the boom in Silicon Valley has brought in hordes of well-paid tech workers, creating wildly escalating housing costs and scarcity and pushing out many longtime residents. Silicon Valley's well-paid workforce is disproportionately white, male and young. Schoolteachers, nurses, mechanics and other vital workers are being pushed out of an increasingly homogeneous central Bay Area, and homelessness is an escalating crisis.
Similar gentrification crises afflict cities around the world. For me, this matters because cities have been our brains trusts, our radical thinktanks, our revolutionary incubators. What will they be when no one can afford them unless they're born rich or fall in line with the industries that provide sky-high salaries?
“It's sad to be leaving a place that's been so important to the Sierra Club for such a long time,” Michael Brune, the Sierra Club's executive director since 2010, told me. “The revolutionary spirit, people who lead lives that are wild and free: some of that seems to be leaving. It would've cost us between half and three quarters of a million [dollars] more to stay. There's no way to justify spending that when we have a planet to save.”
The club was founded with a mission to foster mountaineering expeditions and protect the Sierra Nevada mountains but morphed into a ferocious combatant over environmental issues around the country. Environmentalism itself has changed colossally in the past century, from putting fences around the nicest places to recognizing that you have to defend the whole system. Which the club does with vigor, playing a role at the Paris climate conference last December and at the protests surrounding it.
The Paris conference made clear what the conflict over climate change is really about. The poor nations, from the Philippines to Bolivia to Bangladesh, are fighting to protect life, for human beings and for the ecosystems they depend upon. Many in the wealthy countries are fighting to protect wealth, for the fossil fuel companies, investors and elites. Distilled down, the message from the global north is often something like, “it's you or our bottom line, and sorry, it's not you”.
Climate change will cost us all in the end, or at least will cost ordinary people in the wealthy countries. Trillions of dollars will be lost, but the burden will be borne – as with wars and other avoidable wastes – by ordinary people, the same people who will gain jobs and other benefits from a swift departure from fossil fuel.
My city is now an unbearable place. Most people who aren't wealthy feel they have no future here, and those of us who are securely housed dread staying in place as the people we love get pushed out around us. The racial injustice that has included police murders of young men of color, most recently an indigenous man who had become homeless in 2012. It also includes widespread evictions, the loss of cultural institutions, and a sense of being pushed out, devalued, criminalized and threatened. A place long considered a utopia of sorts has become a textbook dystopia.
The week the Sierra Club left San Francisco, five people entered the second week of a hunger strike outside a police station to protest against killings they linked to racism and gentrification. The police station was on Valencia Street in the Mission district, on the same block where upscale men could get a $50 shave, across the street from where you could still get a $3 taco at El Toro, the old taqueria owned by the same people who own Pancho Villa. That week, a 25-year-old who had just moved to the city wrote in USA Today about all the apps you could use to get everything delivered by faceless minions and never have to go out and meet the neighbors, which was OK because you could also organize to meet like-minded people online. She wrote, “I had burritos delivered from Pancho Villa twice before I ever stepped in the well-known staple in my Mexican-infused neighborhood.”
The week the Sierra Club left the city where it had been founded and based for 124 years, the progressives on San Francisco's board of supervisors proposed to fine unregistered Airbnb listings, noting that 6,000 former residences had been converted to illegal hotels, contributing to the city's shrinking housing stock. That means that long-term residents, with histories, networks of relationships and commitments, are being replaced by transients who will never plant roots, know the neighbors or serve the community.
That week, the CEO of the Silicon Valley firm Invoca posted on Facebook to describe how he would punish the poor Latinos selling produce in his upscale neighborhood, “If that was my house, I would go out there and make their life miserable. I would do whatever it took to make them leave.” A lot of people were already miserable in this region afflicted by the runaway gentrification of a city in the grip of a boom.
The climate justice movement is a movement to keep the whole Earth for all of us. It's a movement to recognize that we depend on the health of the non-human world, and that we are all in this together. The Sierra Club's departure from San Francisco reminds us that loss of diversity impoverishes environments, and that what we too often call wealth enriches a few but impoverishes many when it drives out species, communities, cultural continuities, idealism and altruism.
Game Preview – Kings vs Winnipeg Jets, 15 years later
I tried to find a picture from the Winnipeg Jets the last time the Kings played them on 4-12-1996. But this was all I could find and not a King in sight! The Jets won that night 5-3 and closed out their last regular season home game as the next season they would become the Phoenix Coyotes.
Since the teams are the same as the Thrashers with Bogosian and big Byfuglian, I found a good one with Doughty. You can just replace the uniforms with the new Jets one.
The Kings and Jets have almost the same numbers with the Kings at 18-14-5 and the Jets at 17-14-5. The Kings played last night beating Chicago and Quickie earned his 5th shut-out to lead all the NHL goalies in SO this season. They will have a lot of confidence going against the Jets tonight after beating the Hawks who are 1st in the league. Winnipeg has a stat that bugs me though, they have won all of their games when a team comes into their arena on a back-to-back. Considering this is a back-to-back for the Kings tonight, I'm hoping the confidence will beat out the Jet's stupid stat.
A few notes:
The Jets power play is averaging 17.8% while the Kings defense kills off 87.8% of their penalties.
Byfuglien is day to day with his knee injury but will probably be out tonight.
Gagne is still out on IR with no return in sight
This will be the only time we meet this season
Chances are that Bernier will start tonight, but I'll leave the lineup the same as last night since we don't know for sure.
Kings Line Up:
# 15 Richardson – # 11 Kopitar – # 23 Brown
# 48 Loktionov – # 10 Richards – # 22 Lewis
#25 Penner– #28 Stoll – # 14 Williams
# 13 Clifford – # 24 Fraser – # 19 Westgarth
# 8 Doughty – # 7 Scuderi
# 26 voynov –# 33 Mitchell
# 22 Greene – # 3 Johnson
# 32 Quick
# 45 Bernier
Winnipeg Jets
#9 Evander Kane – #8 Alexander Burmistrov – #26 Blake Wheeler
#16 Andrew Ladd – #80 Nik Antropov – #13 Kyle Wellwood
#15 Tanner Glass – #19 Jim Slater – #20 Antti Miettinen
#22 Chris Thorburn – #14 Tim Stapleton – #17 Eric Fehr
#39 Tobias Enstrom – #4 Zach Bogosian
#5 Mark Stuart – #6 Ron Hainsey
#29 Johnny Oduya – #36 Mark Flood
#31 Ondrej Pavelec
#50 Chris Mason
Go! Kings! Go!
Advertisements
What happens when a young trans woman is failed by her doctors? For Synestra De Courcy, it seems the answer is a downward spiral of prostitution, depression and drugs – ultimately leading to her death at just 23.
A coroner gave her official verdict of what killed Synestra last week. But for Amanda De Courcy, her mom, the final hours of her beautiful little girl's life are only half the answer.
Speaking to Gay Star News, she has today shared the story of how Synestra was repeatedly denied the treatment she needed from Britain's National Health Service.
Their family home is in Stevenage, a commuter town in the east of England, where Synestra grew up as a high-achieving student.
At 15 she started openly wearing make-up and dressing in a way she described as androgynous. She wasn't bullied for this – in fact the other students saw her ‘pushing boundaries' and voted her ‘head boy'.
She began to live full-time as a woman from autumn 2011, aged 19.
She moved to London to study cosmetic science at the University of Arts, living with friends and enjoyed life both as a fun, party animal and, according to Amanda and her friends, as a ‘quiet soul'.
In 2012, Synestra paid to see Dr Michael Perring, a psychotherapist and expert at dealing with transgender patients. Dr Perring diagnosed Synestra as a ‘well adjusted self medicating transgender person'.
He provided guidelines to help her National Health Service doctor give her the medication and blood tests she would need. This should have given her free healthcare, paid for by the state.
But the doctor's practice denied they had got Perring's letter. Synestra handed them a copy in person but they were still reluctant to deal with her.
The agreed to carry out the blood tests but not to prescribe the medicines. After a while they struck her off their list of patients and told her to go to a whole other city to find a new General Practitioner.
Eventually a local trans support worker and her father, John, intervened and the doctor agreed to take Synestra back. Even after this, they demanded Synestra take more tests rather than sending her to a specialist Gender Identity Clinic straight away.
For Synestra, the delays and blockages while she had to live in the wrong body were too much.
She turned to prostitution so she could afford to buy the hormones online that her doctor refused to give her. Sometimes she was spending £500 ($746 €690) a month on drugs that should have been more-or-less free on the NHS.
This seems to have been the start of a downward spiral for her.
She went in to hospital for an operation and came back from four days away to find she had been robbed of £10,000 ($14,920 €13,790), plus Louis Vuitton boots, worth about £1,800 ($2,686 €2,480). The money had been set aside for her next major operation.
She was raped on more than one occasion. One time she was in a nightclub when she disappeared. She was found a little later in one of the loos with no memory of what had happened. It appears she had been slipped a date rape drug and CCTV showed four men followed her into the loos.
She was very reluctant to go to the police, because she felt this is just ‘what happens' to trans people.
Despite this, her life was on an ‘upward trajectory' in her last few months.
In early 2015, she voluntarily entered a program to treat her depression and her drug addiction, and was doing well. She remained a diligent student, committed to finishing her course and getting degree.
She was planning to move in with her boyfriend, Jonathan Palmer, and they were making plans for the future.
Speaking at the inquest, he said: ‘Synestra was one of the most beautiful people I have ever met. She was warm, highly intelligent, an enigma.
‘She was the one I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.'
The weekend she died began with a family meal at her parents with her boyfriend joining her. Her parents say she was happier than she had been for a long time.
That Saturday night the pair went to trans night, Wayout Club, in London before heading on to a house party. Eventually Synestra said she was tired and went into the bedroom to lie down.
Around 7pm, one of the other people in the house noticed Synestra appeared not to be breathing. An ambulance was called and Jonathan and their friends fought to revive her – but at 7.18pm on Sunday 26 July she was declared dead.
An autopsy found traces of mephedrone (‘meow meow') and cocaine in her urine – both drugs that can cause a heart attack when used at any level.
Two witnesses at the inquest on 11 December described how Synestra had been using club drug GBL in the hours before her death although this wasn't found in her system. Jonathan reports she used GBL as a ‘coping mechanism'.
Ironically the fact she had been trying to get off drugs may have contributed to the tragic outcome off that night, according to the coroner at her inquest. She told the court that as you wean your way off drugs, your tolerance decreases very rapidly and a dose you could once handle can suddenly prove fatal.
The coroner, Ms Hassell, at Poplar Coroners' Court returned a verdict of drug-related death. She said: ‘It seems to me all the evidence points in the same direction.'
Two pieces of news arrived too late for Synestra – her doctor had finally decided to give her the medicines she should have been receiving since 2012 and the hospital was finally moving forward with her gender surgery. Would it have made any difference if she had known that before her last night?
Her family have another question too? Would medical professionals treat any other category of patient with such disdain? Would any other patient have needed, as Synestra did, to fight every inch of her journey – or take three years to work through the system?
Amanda told us: ‘There was a lack of understanding which was ultimately a death sentence to her.'
She is determined to help other kids avoid what her daughter went through so is working to help school age children with gender issues.
It's work Synestra would surely endorse – despite her challenges, she shared her story and tried to help others, particularly through Facebook and YouTube. Here's one video of her talking about surgery.
Synestra is not forgotten.
The FBI's Uniform Crime Reports are a useful tool for understanding the crime statistics in metropolitan areas across the country. We've pored over them in the past and found a lot to dig into. But a lot has changed since our last roundup of FBI data. This summer, we've studied the most recent numbers available, which tracks data from 2015, as well as some additional information regarding the early part of 2016, to understand the shifts in violent crime rates across Texas.
Let's start with a few brief takeaways:
Violent Crime Reports Across Texas Are Slightly Up
It's important to keep in mind that we don't know if the incidents of violent crime are actually up, or if it's simply that those incidents are being reported with greater frequency. Note that these are just the violent crime rates, not the overall crime rates (which, at least in some cities, are falling).
These are important things to keep in mind when you look at numbers. Across the 24 metro areas in the 2015 study, the number of violent crimes reported is up from 2013 by about 30 incidents per city. Of course, those incidents aren't evenly distributed—and where we've seen increases might surprise you.
West Texas is Reportedly More Violent Than Other Parts of The State
The biggest number on the entire list comes to us out of Odessa, with 1,070.1 violent crimes reported per 100,000 residents. That rate is far and away the largest in Texas. In second place is Lubbock, with 825.4 per 100,000. The vast majority of those incidents in Odessa are aggravated assault instances—more than 880 of the 1,070—and the murder rate is 7.6 per 100,000. The situation is similar in Lubbock, where nearly three-quarters of the incidents are aggravated assault. (Lubbock sees more robberies than Odessa, despite fewer violent crimes overall.) At number five on the list is Amarillo, which puts three of the five cities with the highest rates of violent crime in West Texas. And when it comes to Odessa and Lubbock, those numbers are way up over the 2013 reports: nearly 25 percent higher in both cities.
Houston is Still The Most Dangerous Big City in Texas
Once you get out of the rising crime rates in the western part of the state, the biggest city to rank in the top five is Houston. That's not a change from 2013, and in fact, the violent crime rate in Houston is almost unchanged over that same time period. (In 2013, it was 559 incidents per 100,000 people; in 2015, that number is 566.6, well below the state average.) In terms of the types of crimes being reported in Houston, the shift there is a bit more pronounced: The murder rate is slightly up, at 6.9 murders per 100,000 residents, instead of 5.9, and more than 14 additional rapes within that segment were reported, as well. The rates for robbery and aggravated assault, meanwhile, are both down.
Violent Crime Rates Rose Dramatically in Nine Cities
In addition to Lubbock and Odessa, violent crime rates shot up by nearly 30 percent in Abilene, San Angelo, and Sherman. They were up by roughly 20 percent in Brownsville and Waco, and more than 15 percent in Midland and Corpus Christi. There don't seem to be clear patterns around any of those spikes—the cities are all geographically disparate, in West, Central, North, and South Texas. In Brownsville and Corpus, the murder rate is stable; in Abilene and Waco, it's up dramatically, tripling in Waco and up from a very low 0.6 per 100,000 in Abilene to 5.3.
But because we're talking about cities with relatively small populations, those numbers may not be indicative of much. The Abilene metropolitan statistical area has a population of around 166,000, which means that in 2013, there may have been only one reported murder, while in 2015, there were a handful. It'd be much more troubling to see dramatic swings in numbers like that in a city like Houston or Dallas, where each number per 100,000 represents dozens of people.
Let's Talk About The Rise in Reported Rapes
Even in cities where the number of reported violent crimes are going down, the number of reported rapes are up basically across the board. That seems troubling at first glance, but it's dangerous to draw conclusions about the number of rapes that are actually occurring in any of these cities based on the number of reports. Rape is a frequently under-reported crime, and the past several years have seen a concerted education campaign at college campuses and in broader culture aimed at talking about what the crime looks like. So it's entirely possible that the rise in reports is a reflection of that education.
College Station, Laredo, Texarkana, and Victoria All Saw Their Rates Fall Considerably
Again, it's tricky to draw too many conclusions from small cities, but the number of violent crimes was down dramatically in College Station, Laredo, Texarkana, and Victoria. Because we're talking about cities with small populations (Corpus, with 440,000, is the largest—none of the others break much past 250,000), it's possible to confuse outliers with trends. Still, it's worth noting that each city saw their violent crime rates fall by 10 percent or more even as the trend bucked in the other direction for much of the rest of the state.
Austin Has The Lowest Violent Crime Rate in Texas
It's long been noted that Austin is something of a fairytale land where violence is rare, and at least compared to the rest of the state, that tends to bear out. Although Austin's violent crime rate of 287.7 per 100,000 is slightly up from 2013, it's grown at a much slower rate than any comparably safe city over the past couple of years, putting Austin in the top spot for safe Texas cities. The murder rate is down; the number of aggravated assaults are down; the reported rapes are up significantly (which, as we noted earlier, doesn't necessarily mean anything about the amount of crimes committed), and the number of robberies is up slightly. Generally speaking, though, Austin is still an extremely safe city.
A sympathy card rests at the feet of a gorilla statue outside the Gorilla World exhibit at the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden on May 29. (John Minchillo / AP)
On Sunday, I glimpsed a headline about a gorilla that had been killed at a Cincinnati zoo when a child fell into its enclosure.
On Monday, I saw a bit of media buzz around the story but thought nothing of it. The headlines of a hundred other stories struck me as more worthy of clicking on to read.
But by Tuesday, the gorilla incident was officially the headline of the day, by far eclipsing the viral photo of a 1-year-old infant whose lifeless body had been pulled out of the Mediterranean Sea and the related story about 700 refugees drowning as they fled war and poverty.
America is outraged—over the killing of a gorilla in a zoo. A gorilla that was, by most accounts, possibly going to kill the unfortunate little boy who fell into its enclosure. So many Americans are so upset by this incident that as of this writing, nearly half a million have signed a change.org petition entitled Justice for Harambe, addressed to Hamilton County's child protection service, demanding “an investigation of the child's home environment in the interests of protecting the child and his siblings from further incidents of parental negligence.”
By the way, the family in question is black. Hundreds of thousands of Americans want a black family held responsible for the killing of a gorilla in what they might as well call the new “Gorilla Lives Matter” movement. These signees would like child protection services to separate the child from his parents, whom they have deemed negligent.
The media are stoking the racist flames with a wholly irrelevant discussion about the child's father's purported criminal history. As journalist Shaun King detailed in the New York Daily News, the criminal history of parents of children mauled by zoo animals has never appeared to be an issue in the coverage of similar incidents—as is appropriate. As King eloquently summarized, “This young family could've lost their son. They experienced the same type of accident that white families have experienced for decades, but instead of being shown mercy or compassion, they are now enduring unthinkable attacks on their character.” Because apparently, gorilla lives matter more than the life of a black toddler.
One Twitter user went so far as to post an image of a gorilla captioned, “Not sure why they killed me, I was doing a better job of watching that lady's kid than she was,” adding, “Sums it up perfectly #JusticeForHarambe.” The sentiment is being echoed widely on social media, apparently because “experts” decided, upon watching the video of the incident, that the animal was “trying to protect the child.”
While we as a society constantly dehumanize actual humans (such as black children and parents, refugees, migrants, etc.), in this case, we are intent upon humanizing an animal, insisting that we know its motives, that it had some sort of deep humanlike instinct to protect a child, even though a bystander who filmed the incident says it was “horrific” to watch the animal “drag the boy up to the top of the moat” while it “literally treats this small boy like a rag doll.”
A number of people have climbed their moral high horse and resorted to calling Michelle Gregg, the child's mother, “an idiot,” “a moron” and even “a bitch.” It is compelling to wonder whether these social media users expressed similar outrage when 12-year-old Tamir Rice was killed by police in the same state where the gorilla incident occurred. Did they demand that the Cleveland police be sued for the “senseless death” of an “innocent” boy, as they are now demanding the boy's parents be sued for the gorilla's death? Did they demand #JusticeforTamir like they demand #JusticeForHarambe?
I am all for the humane treatment of animals. We humans live as one species among countless others, and we are the most destructive of all. We have ravaged the habitats of other animals, and we imprison a select few in zoos for our viewing pleasure. Still, not until I saw how insanely fixated the media and public seem to be by this story did I even care why or how the gorilla was killed. It was an isolated incident in a zoo, not a report about wild gorillas losing their habitats to climate change or poaching or gorillas being hunted for sport.
More importantly, it was not a story about the horrors we humans perpetrate on one another—such as this report about how 45 million people around the world are trapped in conditions akin to modern-day slavery. In comparison with a hundred other news stories from around the world of social, political and human significance, the gorilla story was utterly insignificant. A kid's life was at stake, and the gorilla was killed. That is as it should be.
From David C. MacMichael. January 19, 2011 Dear Commandant of the Marine Corps General James F. Amos: As a former regular Marine Corps captain, a Korean War combat veteran, now retired on Veterans Administration disability due to wounds suffered during that conflict, I write you to protest and express concern about the confinement in the Quantico Marine Corps Base brig of US Army Pfc. Bradley Manning. Manning, if the information I have is correct, is charged with having violated provisions of the Uniform Code of Military Justice by providing to unauthorized persons, among them specifically one Julian Assange and his organization Wikileaks, classified information relating to US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and State Department communications. This seems straightforward enough and sufficient to have Manning court-martialed and if found guilty sentenced in accordance with the UCMJ. What concerns me here, and I hasten to admit that I respect Manning's motives, is the manner in which the legal action against him is being conducted. I wonder, in the first place, why an Army enlisted man is being held in a Marine Corps installation. Second, I question the length of confinement prior to conduct of court-martial. The sixth amendment to the US Constitution, guaranteeing to the accused in all criminal prosecutions the right to a speedy and public trial, extends to those being prosecuted in the military justice system. Third, I seriously doubt that the conditions of his confinement—solitary confinement, sleep interruption, denial of all but minimal physical exercise, etc.—are necessary, customary, or in accordance with law, US or international. Indeed, I have to wonder why the Marine Corps has put itself, or allowed itself to be put, in this invidious and ambiguous situation. I can appreciate that the decision to place Manning in a Marine Corps facility may not have been one over which you had control. However, the conditions of his confinement in the Quantico brig are very clearly under your purview, and, if I may say so, these bring little credit either to you or your subordinates at the Marine Corps Base who impose these conditions. It would be inappropriate, I think, to use this letter, in which I urge you to use your authority to make the conditions of Pfc. Manning's confinement less extreme, to review my Marine Corps career except to note that my last duty prior to resigning my captain's commission in 1959 was commanding the headquarters company at Quantico. More relevantly, during the 1980s, following a stint as a senior estimates officer in the CIA, I played a very public role as a “whistleblower “ in the Iran-contra affair. At that time, I wondered why Lt.Col. Oliver North, who very clearly violated the UCMJ—and, in my opinion, disgraced our service—was not court-martialed. When I asked the Navy's Judge-Advocate General's office why neither North nor Admiral Poindexter were charged under the UCMJ, the JAG informed me that when officers were assigned to duties in the White House, NSC, or similar offices they were somehow not legally in the armed forces. To my question why, if that were the case, they continued to draw their military pay and benefits, increase their seniority, be promoted while so serving, and, spectacularly in North's case, appear in uniform while testifying regarding violations of US law before Congress, I could get no answer beyond, “That's our policy.” This is not to equate North's case with Manning. It is only to suggest that equal treatment under the law is one of those American principles that the Marine Corps exists to protect. This is something you might consider. Sincerely,
David C. MacMichael
China bought $30 million worth of lobster from Atlantic Canada last year. (CBC)
Atlantic Canada is selling 30 times as much lobster to China as it was just two years ago, suddenly making it one of the region's most important lobster exports customers.
In 2010 the Chinese bought just $1 million worth of lobster but that increased to $30 million last year and it is expected to continue growing.
"I believe China will become our number two export customer this year," said Geoff Irvine, executive director of the Lobster Council of Canada.
Trade missions and industry food shows have been a factor in those sales, say exporters, as has good timing. A trade dispute led to a ban on Australian lobsters, forcing buyers to turn to other sources.
On P.E.I. sales have gone from just over $100,000 in 2010 to $2 million last year. By-the-Water Shellfish in Borden-Carleton is the beneficiary of most of that sales explosion. It ships live lobster from Atlantic Canada to China all year round.
The Chinese like big lobsters, preferring those that are two pounds and up.
Head of sales Ryan Tremere gets a new call from China every few days.
"It provides a few extra challenges. It's a 2-day shipment time, but its role has become increasingly important for us, and it looks like it will continue," said Tremere.
"The growth in China will come because the economy is still growing. And seafood plays a larger role in their diet than it does in our diet."
Currently Belgium is the second largest buyer for Atlantic Lobster, acting as a gateway for Canadian lobster sales into Europe, with the United States being the top market.
German nuclear companies pull out of Horizon project for two new plants, with France's EDF most likely to pick up contract
The government's nuclear energy policy is in disarray after German utilities RWE and E.ON scrapped plans to build two reactors in the UK, prompting warnings of serious knock-on effects for jobs and economic growth.
Nuclear power is a cornerstone of the government's low-carbon agenda and the Horizon joint venture, co-owned by RWE and E.ON, was a key contributor due to its plans to construct new stations at Wylfa in Wales and Oldbury in Gloucestershire.
Progress on those projects was shelved on Thursday when Horizon's owners put the business on the market, citing doubts over financing the projects and costs associated with the German government's decision to abandon nuclear power in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
"A combination of these strategic factors, together with the significant ongoing costs of running the Horizon joint venture, has led to a situation where capital investment plans have been reviewed," the companies said in a joint statement.
The government has identified nuclear power as one of three energy sources – including renewables and carbon capture storage – that will help the UK cut carbon dioxide emissions by 80% by 2050. Wylfa and Oldbury were two of the eight sites identified by the government as possible locations nuclear power stations.
The decision sent shockwaves through the sector. A senior nuclear industry figure told the Guardian: "It's a total train wreck – you can't imagine the importance of this to the economy of north Wales. This programme is bigger than the whole Olympics. The government now has to try to find another buyer."
Horizon's owners had made the the economic benefits of their plans a key part of their pitch, pledging to invest at least £15bn in nuclear power, creating a total of 800 permanent jobs at each site and employing 10,000 people during construction of Wylfa and Oldbury with construction due to begin on the first site in 2015.
Horizon had planned up to 6GW of new nuclear plants in Britain by 2025, encouraged by a government that has been more pro-nuclear than other countries with eight sites earmarked for development. The three companies planning new nuclear power plants in the UK – EDF, Horizon and NuGen – were preparing to generate 16GW of electricity capacity from their new sites, enough to replace Britain's current nuclear output. Without new sites there will be only one operational nuclear plant left in the UK by 2023: Sizewell B in Suffolk.
France's EDF, the biggest player in nuclear power in the UK with four reactors under development and eight in operation, has been mooted as a potential buyer of Horizon. However, a bid is not thought to be likely although government sources said they were confident that the Wylfa and Oldbury sites would attract interest from other bidders.
EDF stood by plans to build two new plants at Hinkley Point in Somerset, with hopes to open the first in 2019, but a final investment decision is contingent on the government underwriting long-term electricity prices. EDF and other nuclear power companies are wary of investing multibillion pound sums in facilities without a guarantee on how quickly their investments will be paid off.
The French state-controlled company, which is building the stations in partnership with British gas owner Centrica, used the Horizon news to step up the pressure on government over financial support on Thursday. It made clear the consequences on the Hinkley Point project of failing to provide adequate financial assistance. It said: "Clearly that decision depends on having a profitable project which meets the financial targets."
One analyst said uncertainty over returns on investments and doubts over reform of the electricity market were contributing to an uncertain outlook for an energy industry that will lose large amounts of capacity over the next decade when older coal and nuclear plants – representing 20% of capacity – shut down over the next ten years.
"The UK's future energy outlook is quickly moving from uncertain to fragile. There needs to be a replacement for the Horizon consortia and quickly," said Andrew Horstead, a risk analyst at Utilyx, an energy consultancy.
The energy minister, Charles Hendry, said the "disappointing" decision did not reflect badly on Britain's nuclear policy. "The partners have clearly explained that this decision was based on pressures elsewhere in their businesses, and not any doubts about the role of nuclear in UK's energy future," he said. "The UK's new nuclear programme is far more than one consortium and there remains considerable interest. Plans from EDF/Centrica and Nugen are on track and Horizon's sites offer new players an excellent ready-made opportunity to enter the market."
The TUC said the RWE and E.ON move was a "major jobs blow" for the construction and engineering sectors. Brendan Barber, the TUC general secretary, said: "If you think nuclear power has an important role in decarbonising the economy, as ministers say, then you have to make sure that these kinds of very long-term investments occur.You cannot let your strategy for dealing with climate change – our biggest long-term challenge – be subject to the short-term whims of the market."
The Institute of Directors said the withdrawal was "bad news" for the future of stable energy supplies in the UK. "Without enough reliable and affordable power to underpin our economy, businesses will find it harder to deliver growth. This decision is disappointing, and the Government needs a far better energy strategy to ensure the lights stay on and the factories keep running," said Simon Walker, director general of the IoD.
The Horizon news also raises questions over E.ON's and RWE's bills to UK consumers. High bills have been justified by the need to finance major investments in nuclear power. That explanation faces challenges in the wake of today's news. RWE owns npower in the UK.
The Ministry of Finance and the Liquor Control Board of Ontario say two northeastern Ontario communities will have stand-alone cannabis stores by July 2018.
Sudbury and Sault Ste. Marie is the first of 14 municipalities selected to have cannabis stores.
The province plans to set up about 150 standalone shops, run by the Liquor Control Board on Ontario, by 2020.
In the next few weeks, staff with the ministry and LCBO will meet with representatives from the selected municipalities.
The province says none of the stores will be located near schools, while "providing access within communities and addressing the illegal market."
When a specific store site is chosen, a public notice will be posted online and at the physical site. The public will be able to submit questions and comments on the proposed sites before they are confirmed.
People who don't live in areas where a cannabis store is located will be able to order it online.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Four decades ago, President Nixon launched the US-led global War on Drugs. It has cost the nation over a trillion dollars. 50,000 people have lost their lives to shootouts, bombings, torture, and execution, and that's only counting six years in Mexico.
And it is still not working. Here's an excerpt from an AP investigation released on Monday:
Mexican drug cartels whose operatives once rarely ventured beyond the U.S. border are dispatching some of their most trusted agents to live and work deep inside the United States — an emboldened presence that experts believe is meant to tighten their grip on the world's most lucrative narcotics market and maximize profits. If left unchecked, authorities say, the cartels' move into the American interior could render the syndicates harder than ever to dislodge and pave the way for them to expand into other criminal enterprises such as prostitution, kidnapping-and-extortion rackets and money laundering. […] “It's probably the most serious threat the United States has faced from organized crime,” said Jack Riley, head of the Drug Enforcement Administration's Chicago office…”People think, ‘The border's 1,700 miles away. This isn't our problem.' Well, it is. These days, we operate as if Chicago is on the border.”
The nonprofit Chicago Crime Commission recently named Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, leader of the Sinaloa cartel, the city's “Public Enemy No. 1,” even though Guzman has never even been to Chicago.
The AP investigation notes recent cases indicative of cartel expansion in suburbs and cities of non-border states like Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, North Carolina, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
On a related note, here's a chart, courtesy of filmmaker Matt Groff:
This is your tax dollars on drugs. Read the whole AP report here.
Match-fixing and bribery are endemic in Chinese football, primarily because of low player salaries and unchecked local government officials, according to the deputy editor-in-chief of a popular Chinese sports newspaper and a former professional footballer.
Their insights into corruption at the top levels of the game in China cast further light on the problems facing football, after the Chinese Football Association (CFA) fined 12 club teams up to £103,000 and punished 58 current and former football officials, players and referees for match-fixing and bribery.
Chinese footballers were prone to accepting bribes because their salaries were often painfully low and delayed for months, said the ex-footballer, who requested anonymity to avoid retaliation from former coaches and teammates.
Before he retired, in 2009, the player said, he would often receive a phone call from an unknown number the night before a match. The caller, usually from a gambling syndicate, would offer him thousands of pounds to let the other team win. The player never accepted their offers, he told the Guardian.
"Most of the time, it was the defenders who got this kind of offer, because they could allow the other team to score," he said. Goalkeepers, he added, were especially popular targets. "Sometimes the whole team would get involved in match-fixing, but only in rare cases," he said. "Most of the time, you only need five players or fewer to accomplish the goal."
The footballer said conditions for players had improved dramatically over the past three years. Yet before he retired, less important players on his team made approximately £200 a month – barely enough to support their families – and their wages rarely arrived on time. Before important games, they were sometimes offered up to £5,000 to swing the match. Before the anti-corruption drive, 30% of Chinese football matches were rigged, he said.
Despite higher player salaries, football corruption remained a problem because unchecked local government officials often manipulated matches to manage their political relationships, said Ma Dexing, the deputy editor-in-chief of the popular Chinese sports magazine Titan Weekly. "It has nothing to do with money," he said: "it's just because of face."
The association had banned 25 former and current football officials, referees and players from the sport for five years and 33 for life, state media reported on Tuesday. The club team Shanghai Shenhua, which once signed the former Chelsea stars Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka, was fined £103,000 for fixing a match in 2003. It was stripped of that year's league title and penalised with a six-point deduction for next season, which begins in March.
Ma said: "The Chinese Football Association (CFA), they will punish athletes or punish teams or punish referees, but they haven't punished any local government officials. In reality, it's local government officials who are conducting things from behind the scenes."
Ma added that local officials often had enormous power over football teams within their jurisdictions. "They can ask the team's boss to kick a player off the team if the player doesn't listen to him," he said.
This week's punishments mark the end of an extensive anti-corruption campaign that kicked off in 2009 under the 58-year-old association president, Wei Di. He put up a hard fight against match-fixing but recently resigned "over poor results", according to state media. China has not fielded a team at the World Cup since 2002. Its national team failed to reach the 2014 World Cup in Brazil after it ranked below Iraq and Jordan in qualifying rounds.
Among those banned for life are the former Fifa World Cup referee Lu Jun, four former national team players, and the former CFA leaders Nan Yong and Xie Yalong, who were both sentenced to over a decade in jail last year for accepting bribes. According to state media, Nan once said players could purchase a spot on the national team for about £10,000.
Official efforts to clean up Chinese football may be gaining some traction. The New York-based firm IMG Worldwide Inc will soon assume management of China's most prestigious professional league, and foreign star players have become an increasingly common sight on football fields across the country.
Despite the league's notorious corruption problems and low standards of play, China's stadiums are often packed with fans clad in team merchandise and hurling obscenities. The senior Communist party leader Xi Jinping has said he is a fan of the sport.
Yet some experts are sceptical that the CFA's anti-corruption measures are strong enough to have an effect. "These are not really serious punishments," Yan Qiang, vice-president of the sports publisher Titan Media, told the French news agency AFP. "The professional football league is getting more popular and attracting more public attention. But where there is profit, there will be more people trying to get into it with illegal ways, so it will be a continuing fight."
Most patients who enter the gym of the San Mateo Medical Center in California are there to work with physical therapists. But a few who had knee replacements are being coached by a digital avatar instead.
The avatar, Molly, interviews them in Spanish or English about the levels of pain they feel as a video guides them through exercises, while the 3-D cameras of a Kinect device measure their movements. Because it's a pilot project, Paul Carlisle, the director of rehabilitation services, looks on. But the ultimate goal is for the routine to be done from a patient's home.
“It would change our whole model,” says Carlisle, who is running the trial as the public hospital looks for creative ways to extend the reach of its overtaxed budget and staff. “We don't want to replace therapists. But in some ways, it does replace the need to have them there all the time.”
Receiving remote medical care is becoming more common as technologies improve and health records get digitized. Sense.ly, the California startup running the trial, is one of more than 500 companies using health-care tools from Nuance, a company that develops speech-recognition and virtual-assistant software. “Our goal is basically to capture the patient's state of mind and body,” says Ivana Schnur, cofounder of Sense.ly and a clinical psychologist who has spent years developing virtual-reality tools in medicine and mental health.
Using Sense.ly's platform, patients can communicate their condition to an emotionally reactive avatar through their phone, desktop, or TV. The avatar asks the patient simple questions, and if programmed by a doctor, it can answer questions too—such as what a diabetes patient with high blood-sugar readings should eat that day. The software also collects data from other medical devices that a patient uses, such as a glucose meter, and can capture gestures with a Kinect. The reports sent to the doctor include red-flag notifications to act on right away; charts, graphs, and analytics tracing the patient's progress over time; and a transcript of the voice interaction.
“A physician's time is always limited,” says Benjamin Kanter, chief medical information officer at Palomar Health in San Diego. “For a long time, we've had the challenge of just getting information into the system. Now the system is starting to actually help me.”
Schnur says one real advance is the avatar itself, which is important in helping both patients and doctors to trust the interactions. Molly, still a work in progress, can modulate her tone of voice and facial expressions. Schnur says that sometimes patients are more willing to share sensitive information with a nonjudgmental avatar than with a doctor.
Patients in San Mateo seem to like the interaction, Carlisle says, and he does too: “I've gotten used to the avatar. I look forward to seeing it when it comes online.”
The Sense.ly software, currently in beta, is also being tested at an addiction and detox clinic in California, doing patient intake and assessment in a crowded waiting room. Schnur hopes the system will eventually be used for even more complex tasks. The company, a product of the French telecommunication company Orange's Silicon Valley incubator program, is working to include additional features, such as the ability to interpret and respond to a patient's facial expressions.
Of course, doctors see some risks in such approaches, especially if the software makes an error or misinterprets an interaction. Kanter points out that although electronic systems often reduce errors, any errors that occur can propagate more quickly than those made only on paper.
Carlisle, who will enroll 50 to 60 patients by the time the study is done, is looking forward to getting more data. Over time, he hopes, not only will he improve the care of individual patients in their home environments, but what he learns from the data will improve therapy for everyone.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The US and other western powers have exerted pressure on the International Criminal Court at the Hague to prevent a war crimes probe of Israel's operation in the Gaza Strip, The Guardian reported on Monday, quoting former court officials.
During Operation Protective Edge, the Palestinian Authority has threatened to request that the court look into allegations that the civilian deaths in Gaza during the IDF's operation constitute a war crime.
According to the report, the issue is among the matters being discussed at cease-fire talks in Cairo.Palestinians requested that the court probe Israel for war crimes in 2009 , following Operation Cast Lead, however that request came before the Palestinians were recognized as a non-member observer state at the United Nations in 2012.The ICC itself is divided on whether or not it has jurisdiction to probe the matter based on the 2009 request, or whether a new request would have to be submitted, according to The Guardian. The Palestinian factions would have to agree on submitting a new request, a difficult task, as Hamas would also be opening itself up to a war crimes inquiry.The Guardian reported that western pressure has prevented the ICC from taking the view that the 2009 request gives the court jurisdiction to open a war crimes investigation into Israel's actions.Both current ICC prosecutor, Fatou Bensouda, and Luis Moreno Ocampo, who was prosecutor at the time of the 2009 Palestinian declaration, argue that a new Palestinian request would have to be made to allow the court to open an investigation. However, The Guardian quoted another former official of the court as saying, "They are trying to hide behind legal jargon to disguise what is a political decision, to rule out competence and not get involved."The French lawyer representing the Palestinians, Gilles Devers, was quoted by The Guardian as saying that "there is enormous pressure not to proceed with an investigation. This pressure has been exerted on Fatah and Hamas, but also on the office of the prosecutor."In both cases, it takes the form of threats to the financial subsidies, to Palestine and to the International Criminal Court," he added.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Bernie Sanders is still battling for votes in the Bluegrass State.
Sanders' campaign says it has requested a recanvass in last week's Kentucky Democratic presidential primary, after Sanders came about 2,000 votes short of opponent Hillary Clinton.
Sanders signed a letter Tuesday morning requesting a full and complete review of electronic voting machines and absentee ballots in each of the state's 120 counties.
"He's in this until every last vote is counted and he's fighting for every last delegate," said Sanders' spokesman Michael Briggs.
Clinton to talk with Sanders about leaving race ‘when he's ready'
Bernie Sanders' campaign says it has requested a recanvass in last week's Kentucky Democratic presidential primary. (John Sommers II/Getty Images)
Clinton received 212,550 votes (46.8%), while Sanders had 210,626 votes (46.3%) in the primary, earning a near split in delegates from the state.
A recanvass — which is not a recount, but a review, of the voting totals — is unlikely to affect the final outcome but could affect the awarding of a single delegate still up for grabs.
Clinton and Sanders both picked up 27 delegates in Kentucky and one remaining delegate will be allocated in the sixth congressional district, which includes Frankfort and Lexington. The delegate will be awarded based on final vote tallies, and Clinton currently leads Sanders by a slim margin of about 500 votes in that district.
Hillary Clinton defeated Bernie Sanders by a slim margin in last week's Kentucky primary. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
Kentucky's closed primary means only voters registered as Democrats could vote for Clinton or Sanders.
Trump, Clinton both fewer than 100 delegates shy of securing noms
When including pledged superdelegates, Clinton is fewer than 90 delegates short of securing the Democratic presidential nomination.
With Newswire Services
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Jamie McDonald/Getty Images
Chelsea have put their early-season “crisis” behind them and gone on a six-game winning streak. The Blues are unbeaten in their last nine matches in all competitions and Samuel Eto'o believes that they can continue this run to win all four trophies available to them (h/t The Mirror).
We've got a good team and will not sacrifice our chances of winning one competition in preference for another. We're trying to win every competition, and we will get there. We have as much chance as any rival.
Achieving this ambition would see this Chelsea side surpass Manchester United's treble-winning squad of 1999 by becoming the first team to win the FA Cup, Premier League, Capital One Cup and Champions League in the same season.
The quadruple may seem like an impossible dream, but there are good reasons why Eto'o believes it is attainable.
Roman Abramovich might not have gone on an enormous summer spending spree, but the strength in depth of the Chelsea squad this season is exceptionally high. Juan Mata's relegation to the bench has been a particular talking point, but his omission is certainly not an attack on his ability.
Mata started 55 games for Chelsea last year and came off the bench to feature in a further 12. Professional athlete or not, 67 games a season is bound to take its toll on you, and it served to highlight how heavily the team relied upon him. Jose Mourinho is working to ensure that the burden of being a match-winner does not fall on one player and that nobody is burnt out by May.
Every member of the first-team squad has featured in at least one game this season, and it is clear how hard they are all working to prove themselves to the manager (per chelseafc.com):
It is a bad feeling because it is not easy for me to leave some players at home, and it is not easy for me to leave some players on the bench, because everybody deserves to play. To have all the choices is a good problem, and to have all the players playing well and very much committed and with the group is fantastic, but to be the man responsible for saying you don't play, or you are on the bench, is at this moment very hard because I feel I am unfair to all of the ones I am not selecting.
The ability to rotate the starting XI without jeopardising the quality of the team is a huge bonus to Chelsea. Competing on all four fronts is certainly a mammoth task, especially as the fixtures begin to pile up with two or three games every week. However, when your second-choice side is able to get a comfortable 2-0 win in the Capital One Cup at the home of the Premier League leaders, it is difficult not to get carried away.
Chelsea is through to the quarter-finals of the League Cup and are top of their group in the Champions League. They are yet to play in the FA Cup, which is still in the first round (Premier League sides enter in the third round).
Andy Marlin/Getty Images
Prioritising competitions can pay off, as it did for the Blues in the 2012 Champions League, but it can also leave you in a precarious situation. Chelsea have won two European trophies in the past two years and, despite Mourinho's pleas for patience, it would be almost unthinkable for them to end this season completely empty-handed.
The Special One's tactical know-how and man-management skills have already produced results that would have been beyond most supporters' wildest dreams last season. Unless fate intervenes to bestow injuries upon half the squad, there is no reason to doubt Eto'o's belief that Chelsea can complete the quadruple this season.
Respawn Entertainment's debut title won more than 60 awards when it was unveiled at E3 this year, and now that I've played it for the first time, I can see why. Titanfall remixes the familiar first-person shooter with elements from other game genres and, thanks to some meticulously balanced gameplay, delivers a cohesive and refreshingly original experience.
There are two main protagonist classes in the game: the agile and quick Pilots, equipped with Jump Jets to facilitate wall running and double jumps, and the titular Titans, which are slow and graceless, but pack devastating firepower. Those are then further differentiated on the basis of user loadout, with three sub-classes of Pilot and Titan diversifying your options. Switching between your Pilot and a Titan is a matter of calling in an airdrop of the massive mech and then leaping into it — the transition is beautifully smooth and keeps you entirely absorbed in the action.
The Titans are slow and graceless, but devastatingly powerful EA's Gamescom booth allows players a chance to try the Attrition multiplayer mode, where a group of hostage rescuers squares off against a squad of uncooperative kidnappers. I took part as one of the base defenders, though frankly the action is so frenetic as to make it almost irrelevant which side you're on — the point is to kill the enemy and Titanfall offers a supremely satisfying variety of ways to do so. The Tactical Pilot gets a Smart Pistol that can shoot around corners, one of the Titan types has a Vortex Shield that can absorb bullets and then spit them back out, and there are of course a set of heavy anti-Titan weapons to balance the fight.
The beauty of Titanfall's gameplay is in just how well all this variety comes together. Spotting an enemy Titan feels suitably terrifying, but height obstacles keep them away from the covered-up areas of the map and out in the open. A pair of Titans can thus dominate the center of battle, but there's plenty of room for quick-witted Pilots to outmaneuver and take them down. Wall running, in particular, hasn't felt this good since I first experienced it in the Prince of Persia series. The only evidence of this being pre-alpha software is in the AI enemies, whose reactions appear slow and dimwitted.
I played Titanfall with both a keyboard and mouse combo and an Xbox controller. The old school PC controls still feel like the most natural way to direct a first-person game, though Xbox gamers won't lose too much in the transition to a gamepad. The keys are mapped intelligently and you adapt to either control scheme pretty quickly.
Titanfall will launch on PC, Xbox 360, and the Xbox One in 2014.
This was how I found myself standing in a Manhattan bordello one night. I had made the decision to take a leap and style myself as a high-priced escort. Not dabble. Not dip in and out. But truly immerse myself in learning this profession to make it my lifestyle and a career. Wearing a long silky gown, a prissy set of pearls, and kitten heels, I stood out (or perhaps under) from the tall, more modelesque girls in vampy dresses. Self-conscious about my flat chest and short stature, I worried I'd never be able to do what they did. But when one asked why I got to wear my “nightgown,” our motherly madam snapped, “Because it's just her.”
And with that, I learned whatever you've got going on, you can work it.
Overweight? No, you're zaftig and curvalicious (you can be busy-busy as a BBW — big beautiful woman — escort if you market yourself correctly). Got that goth look, dark-violet hair, and a tattoo or two? There's a man out there ready to worship you with his dollars. A “boring”-looking librarian (save for the saucy smirk) with an advanced degree, pencil skirt, and glasses? Oh my god, when you own that and work it — all of it — the phones will ring off the hook.
Me? I wasn't “short” but petite. I wasn't innocent; I was girlish. I learned to celebrate my differences. There is no “cookie cutter” ideal of beauty and character. Men who pay (and men who don't) want to enjoy the company of an authentic, independent woman simply basking in who she is. Once I understood this my self-confidence exploded and so did my career. I soon left the bordello to work for myself as an independent companion, entertaining in my own apartment and specializing in “the girlfriend experience” as well as escorting my clients out or traveling the world with them.
Sen. Ted Cruz moved Tuesday to put some distance between himself and fellow presidential hopeful Donald Trump, pushing back against the billionaire businessman's call to halt Muslim visitors to the U.S. as part of a controversial anti-terror plan.
GOP insiders, though, were waiting to see whether Mr. Cruz or anyone other Republicans would be able to capitalize, saying Mr. Trump has survived so many would-be gaffes that would have doomed other candidates that they no longer know how to rate his chances now.
Indeed, there's a sense that despite the near-universal condemnation from Republicans and Democrats in Washington, Mr. Trump could emerge more popular than ever with his enthusiastic supporters — though he may have put a ceiling on his ability to move beyond that base of support.
“I don't think it affects the core group of people that are supporting Trump — not one iota,” said Henry Barbour, a member of the Republican National Committee from Mississippi. “Does it affect his ability broaden his support and win the nomination? Absolutely.”
Mr. Trump on Monday shocked the political world by saying he wanted to see a “complete and total shutdown” on Muslims entering the U.S. until concerns about terrorism can be addressed.
Most of his fellow candidates quickly moved to blast him, with several saying he's shown he's unfit for the White House and would be trounced by a Democrat.
But Mr. Cruz offered more muted criticism, passing on the chance to level a personal attack at Mr. Trump and focusing instead on his push to grant governors the power to stop refugee resettlement in their states and to enact a three-year moratorium on refugees coming here from Iraq, Syria and other terrorist infested countries.
“I disagree with that proposal,” Mr. Cruz told reporters, in response to a question about the Trump plan. “I like Donald Trump. A lot of our friends here have encouraged me to criticize and attack Donald Trump. I am not interested in doing that.”
David Johnson, a Georgia-based GOP strategist, said he is undecided on whether all the hoopla over Mr. Trump's plan will reshape the race, but said Mr. Cruz decision not to attack Mr. Trump makes sense.
“I think it is smart because he is banking on Trump collapsing and inheriting his supporters,” Mr. Johnson said. “Cruz can appeal to the Trump constituency without going all the way overboard as Trump does, and he has the organization, and he is anti-establishment.”
Mr. Johnson said Mr. Cruz could the sole candidate in the race who is positioned to “inherit Trump's endorsement” should Mr. Cruz outlast him in the race.
The political relationship between Mr. Cruz and Mr. Trump has been an intriguing subplot of the 2016 Republican race. Mr. Trump has tangled with just about everyone one of his rivals — with the exception of Mr. Cruz, who appeared to be positioning himself as a viable alternative should Mr. Trump drop out or his backers decide they want to look for another candidate.
Larry Sabato, of the University of Virginia's Center for Politics, said that it is “exceedingly” unlikely that Mr. Trump will drop out and said “Trump's backers are applauding, not booing” his Muslim plan.
“The establishment candidates are hurling brickbats at Trump not in the hope they can grab some of his base, but rather to seek to become his leading mainstream opponent,” Mr. Sabato said.
Michael Dennehy, a New Hampshire-based GOP strategist, said Mr. Trump's “support comes from a very unique set of voters and there is no doubt in my mind that what he said about Muslims yesterday will have zero impact on his poll numbers — not in the least.”
Polls show Mr. Trump is the most divisive figure in the field, but his supporters are loyal.
Mr. Trump led the pack in a USA Today/Suffolk University Poll released Tuesday that also showed that 68 percent of his supporters plan to support him if he ditches the Republican Party and runs as an independent.
Surveys show voters are attracted to Mr. Trump's blunt style and the sense that he has the strongest leadership qualities within the crowded GOP field.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A year and a half ago, the Internet did something it likes to do: It got outraged. A man in Washington made a bad decision that screwed over thousands of small businesses and hundreds of thousands more consumers. He made it illegal for Americans to "unlock" their cell phones and move them to a different carrier. We cried foul, and 114,000 netizens joined us in demanding that unlocking be re-legalized.
Normally, petition-signing is the flash in the pan of Internet activism. Once the signatures are collected, we all forget our anger and go back to watching cat videos. But this time was different. A bill that the Internet demanded 17 months ago made it out of committee today and is now on its way to a Senate vote.
#### Kyle Wiens & Sina Khanifar ##### About [Kyle Wiens](https://twitter.com/kwiens) is the co-founder and CEO of iFixit (launched out of his Cal Poly college dorm room a decade ago).
Believe it or not, there are people in Congress listening to the Internet. We just have to get their attention—and, more importantly, we have to keep their attention long enough to effect real change. Last year, an Internet petition opened a door, and a few of us took advantage of that opening. Here's how:
Step 1: Make a Big Noise
What happened with the unlocking restriction demonstrates everything that's wrong with Washington's treatment of technology and the Internet. Namely, government officials don't understand either.
The Librarian of Congress who refused to renew the legal exemption for unlocking is an academic, an historian, and a book expert—but not a technology expert. And yet, unbelievably, he makes the final call on which electronics are legal to modify.
His decision on unlocking was made at the urging of a bunch of telecommunications lobbyists from the CTIA—the wireless industry's most prolific, best-funded interest group. In the end, AT&T and Verizon's interests were placed ahead of consumers and small businesses.
The ruling made no sense to anyone with a lick of technology experience—including us. We both knew first hand what happens when someone with more money and power tries to tighten their grasp around digital freedom: back in 2005, Motorola threatened Sina with a lawsuit over cell phone unlocking. He fought, and won. So we decided to fight again.
We teamed up with smart people who cared about the all-too-fragile intersection between technology and freedom: the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Public Knowledge, and Derek Khanna.
Fueled by Reddit, Hacker News, and others, the Internet rallied around a common theme: If you bought it, you should own it. We got noticed. The White House issued a formal response calling on Congress to fix unlocking.
Suddenly, every single legislator was listening. In a matter of days, members of Congress were speaking out and authoring bills. It was a huge victory, and we thought we'd won—that we could hand the baton off to legislators, and they would run a bill towards the finish line while we celebrated from the sidelines.
We were so, so wrong.
Step 2: Be the Person Who Won't Shut Up
Once the initial fervor died down, people—including most politicians—forgot about unlocking. Tech journalists stopped writing about it. Bills disappeared before they got to committee.
At first, we were discouraged. But our friends at EFF and Public Knowledge assured us this was typical: a petition can get attention but can't stand alone. To get a better unlocking bill on the books, we'd need to keep being loud. We'd need to sweet-talk our way into the boardrooms and conference calls where law gets made. To get anything done in Washington, you need a lobbyist to make your case over and over again, in front of the right people.
Consider this: There are over 12,000 registered lobbyists in the US and just 535 voting members in Congress. That's a 22:1 ratio. Corporate interests have their fingers so deeply snaked into the foundations that they've become almost indistinguishable from the larger political machine. Just look at the career path of the CTIA's newly-appointed CEO, Meredith Attwell Baker. Before becoming the telecommunication industry's top lobbyist, she hopped from a senior position in the White House to lobbying for Comcast and then to working as an FCC commissioner (the government body that's supposed to regulate the same corporations she had been lobbying for). How can a bunch of Internet upstarts compete with that kind of influence?
We didn't have millions of dollars to spend. And though money doesn't buy votes, it does buy access to politicians. But you know what else does? People making persistent noise on specific topics for prolonged periods of time.
So instead of buying a lobbyist, we became citizen lobbyists. This is where "Internet activism" becomes more activism and less Internet. We picked up the phone. We met with staffers. We all had full-time jobs doing other work, but we set aside some less-hectic moments to be thorns in the side of some key politicians. Can anyone become this kind of lobbyist? Maybe not. Democracy demands eternal vigilance. But many more people can lobby than try, and if you have an issue that matters to you—really, really matters—how can you not? You'll be in good company: the EFF has resources to help.
Step 3: Play the Long Game—the Really, Really Long Game
If the wheels of justice turn slowly, the wheels of legislature follow a crushingly torpid, if sometimes erratic, path. After months of posturing about unlocking, lawmakers pursued one of the weakest bills on the table: the Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act (H.R. 1123). We worked successfully with other advocates to make the bill stronger when it came in front of the Judicial Committee. And then we waited and waited for a House vote—it took almost a year.
Hours before the bill went to the floor, the bill's author—Representative Bob Goodlatte (R-VA)—was prevailed upon to exclude “bulk unlocking” from legal protection. What does that mean? That recyclers and refurbishers who unlock phones in large numbers would be left at risk. It didn't make sense to us: Why should unlocking be legal for one person, and not for another? We decried the decision and withdrew our support—but the bill passed anyway.
The long game became the longer game: four more months of playing Congressional Twister™. With the bill in the House blown, we turned our sights to the Senate. We pleaded, goaded, and sat in on every phone call we could get with lawmakers for months. We even made apersonal appeal to Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT)—the one person with the power to ink a better bill in the Senate.
And then a weird thing happened. A couple of key lawmakers started to listen. Instead of just making calls to representatives, we started receiving calls from them, too. Leahy's office was open to negotiating a compromise, and worked closely with our group of unlocking reform advocates including Public Knowledge, Consumers Union, iFixit and the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Then, just last week, Senator Leahy removed the language about “bulk unlocking” from the Senate bill entirely. Finally, we had a bill we could support. It's by no means a perfect bill, but it's a bill we believe reflects most of the sentiments raised by the people in the first place.
Attention Is Easy, Change Is Hard
Yes, this is a small victory on an esoteric rule. But we rallied together and refused to let the issue die. With the help of 114,000 people, we took something from the Internet and made it a bill with a shot of becoming a law. And that's something.
It's a great big glimmer of hope in the futility that is US lawmaking. And we're gonna keep working on the larger issues that made something as simple as moving your own cell phone from one carrier to another illegal in the first place—like fixing copyright laws and restoring a consumer's right to repair the things that they own.
And we need you. You know more about technology and the Internet than most members of Congress. And Congress needs to have conversations with people who understand software, firmware, and hardware.
If you don't talk to Congress, the loudest people in the room will always be lobbyists for Verizon, AT&T, Comcast, and the National Cable Association—people who will tell them what to do with your technology and your Internet. But let us assure you, if you shout loud enough and long enough into the wind, your voice carries.
I feel that, sometimes, Bolts from the Blue can get a little too technical. When all we're talking about is schemes and routes and footwork, it's easy to confuse those that are still in the process of learning this very complicated game.
That's where I come in. Everyone knows that the San Diego Chargers have a new offensive coaching staff this season. Mike McCoy and Ken Whisenhunt are hard at work, installing their "new" offense in hopes that it can better fit Philip Rivers' skillset. But what exactly is this new offense? And how does it differ from what Norv Turner was running the last six seasons?
Norv Turner's Offense
The Philosophy
Spread the defense. That's the goal of every offense in the National Football League. Make the defense have to choose the lesser of two evils, and then take what they give you.
Norv's offensive philosophy is pretty simple. Establish the running game as a threat, wait until the safeties start cheating up, and then use the play-action pass for a big play downfield. When the Safeties hang back to prevent the big play, hit the front seven with runs and short-passes.
Basically, stretch the defense vertically. If the 11 defenders are scattered in a 30-yard range downfield, you'll get a lot of one-on-one situations within the first 20 yards. If they move down to a 20-yard range, you'll get a few one-on-one situations beyond the first 20 yards.
The Players
The type of running back Norv Turner looks for has become very hard to find in the NFL. He needs a guy that can take the pounding of 25 carries a game, while remaining a big-play threat. When you look through the types of RBs Norv has had success with (Frank Gore, Ricky Williams, LaDainian Tomlinson, Stephen Davis), it's easy to see why he chose to work with Trent Richardson this season and why he was never able to get much out of Ryan Mathews. Mathews doesn't make big plays and could not take the beating of that many carries. Most RBs can't.
Norv also needs a very specific type of WR for his offense, and those guys don't typically succeed in other offenses. He looks for WRs that can win jump balls, have a ton of straight-line speed and can block at the line. In addition, they need to be smart enough to read defenses and have enough chemistry with the QB to make the same read and the same decision.
Offensive linemen play a huge role in Norv's offense. They're arguably more important than the QB. They need to be dominant in the running game, forcing the Safety to come down and help. They need to be good enough in pass-protection to let those big plays downfield develop.
In a nutshell, Norv's offense puts an awful lot of strain on the players and the General Manager to assemble a group of great players that can also stay healthy. There's a reason that Norv's legacy still resides with one of the most talented teams in the history of the NFL, and part of it is his system.
Ken Whisenhunt's Offense
The Philosophy
Spread the defense. It's still the philosophy, but it's been turned on it's head. Literally (EDITOR'S NOTE: Not literally).
Whereas Norv works to spread the defense vertically, Whiz spreads them out horizontally and vertically, creating four or more options for the QB and letting him find the hole in the defense.
If you figure that there are four people rushing the passer and one playing deep coverage to prevent big plays (since there's usually someone on a deep route), that leaves the defense with six guys to cover five playmakers. That's a lot of one-on-one matchups.
It's a more boring, more consistently successful approach than Norv's. Norv's offense says to take either the 5-yard run or 30 yard pass, depending on which the defense is giving you. That works when you have a great offensive line, a great QB and a great WR. When you're missing one, two or all of those, it doesn't work at all.
Whisenhunt's offense says that throwing five options at the defense puts them in a position where they're always giving up 5 yards. It's just a matter of finding where those 5 yards are. Then, it's simply a race between the QB's ability to break down the defense and his offensive line's ability to hold back the pass rush.
The Players
Unlike Norv's offense, where a QB can get by with a strong arm and a good play-action fake, Whiz's offense requires more from the QB position. Strong, accurate throws mixed with strong, accurate decisions by the QB is what makes this offense go.
For the most part, players in this offense are required to be versatile and/or fundamentally sound more than they're required to be freaks of nature. This offense is similar to what the Patriots run in New England, which is why you see guys like Danny Woodhead and Wes Welker getting cut by other teams and turning into stars there. That's what we're hoping to see in San Diego.
Running backs in this offense are more successful based on how well-rounded their game is. Can they run for speed? Can they run for power? Do they have good hands? Can they block? If the answer to all four of those is "yes," their success rests solely in the hands of the QB.
The offensive line is almost irrelevant in this offense. Their job is simplified as much as possible. Don't let pressure up the middle, try to turn every run into a big play, and stay out of the way. The offense uses timing to keep the defense on their heels. Once they're on their heels, just about any offensive line can push them around. If pressure is getting the QB from the outside, that's more on the QB than it is on the line.
Wide receivers in this system don't need to win jump balls and they don't need to have great speed either, they simply need to have good hands and need to be able to get open quickly. Receivers that flourish in this offense are typically smart, strong, quick, ex-punt returners (because they can create yards after the catch) and able to stay healthy.
That's not to say that Malcom Floyd won't be successful in this offense, though. Like I said, Whisenhunt tries to stretch offenses horizontally and vertically. There will almost always be a deep guy, keeping the Safeties honest or taking advantage when they cheat. Think of Randy Moss' time with the Patriots.
The most successful players under Whisenhunt were Kurt Warner (quick, accurate throws and decisions), Anquan Boldin, (smart, strong, quick) and Larry Fitzgerald (smart, strong, quick and also fast enough to be the deep guy). The Chargers are hoping that Keenan Allen can model his game after Boldin or Fitzgerald, and that Rivers can mimic what Kurt Warner was able to do in Arizona.
Summary
I hope that made sense.
Norv's offense relies on the players around the QB to make plays and defeat the defense. Whiz's offense relies on the QB to make plays so quickly that the defense doesn't have time to defend.
When Norv's offense is working, you're going to see BIG plays down the field. When Whiz's offense is working, you're going to see rhythm and timing and a lot of completed 7-yard passes.
More from Bolts From The Blue:
luxdarkmatter
Viewed end on, the arrays of photomulti­plier tubes on the Large Underground Xenon (LUX) experiment look like beds of flowers. The hope is that they will capture sparks of light emitted when particles of dark matter collide with liquid xenon.With 122 detector tubes, LUX is much more sensitive than its closest rival in the competitive field of dark-matter searches — and in just days, physicists the world over will know whether that advantage has yielded definitive results.
The project, based at the Sanford Underground Research Facility in Lead, South Dakota, will release its first findings on 30 October. They are likely to reveal whether tentative dark-matter signals seen by other experiments are real, and will also inform ongoing discussions about how much more time and money should be spent on the hunt for dark matter. “The potential is there, and all the community is waiting with bated breath to see what they observe,” says Juan Collar, a physicist who leads a rival experiment at the University of Chicago in Illinois.
Elena Aprile, a physicist at Columbia University in New York city who leads another competitor, XENON100, based at Gran Sasso National Laboratory near L'Aquila, Italy, is betting that LUX has not seen dark matter. “A null result is all that can be expected at this stage,” she says. A LUX spokesman, physicist Daniel McKinsey of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, says simply: “We have a detector that is working very, very well.”
LUX came online this year amid fierce debate. Scientists know from astronomical observations that five-sixths of the matter in the Universe is dark — making itself known mostly through its gravitational tug on bright matter — but attempts to detect it directly, on its presumed passage through Earth, have been fraught with controversy.
The DAMA/LIBRA experiment (Dark Matter Large Sodium Iodide Bulk for Rare Processes) at Gran Sasso reported a statistically significant signal more than 10 years ago, but physicists have not independently confirmed the result. In 2010, the Coherent Germanium Neutrino Technology experiment in Soudan, Min­nesota, and the Cryogenic Dark Matter Search at the University of California, Berkeley, each reported tantalizing, but not statistically convincing, glimpses of potential dark matter; a year later, XENON100 saw no sign of the stuff. That prompted heated discussion over whether the experiment was sensitive to the lighter dark-matter particles that might have been glimpsed by the other two experiments.
Enter LUX, which will deliver its first results just as the US Department of Energy decides which of several dark-matter experiments should be given money to expand. LUX wants to install a larger, 7-tonne detector, in a proposed US$30-million project called LUX–Zeplin. McKinsey argues that such experiments should be scaled up until they hit a physical limit — when the background noise from other weakly interacting particles becomes overwhelming. “That's a natural break point,” agrees Jonathan Feng, a theoretical physicist at the University of California, Irvine.
One candidate for dark matter is the neutral­ino, a particle predicted by some supersymmetric theories of particle physics, in which particles are paired with heavier counterparts. If, as Feng expects, LUX sets a detection threshhold around three times more stringent than that of XENON100, it will rule out some types of neutralino. “There's an unbelievable amount of effort focused on the neutralino, so this upcoming announcement is quite important,” he says.
ZACH Clough won't sweat the extra attention he may receive in the Championship this season.
That's the verdict of Neil Lennon, who feels his talented young striker can still surprise people despite potentially now being a marked man for Wanderers.
Clough netted six times in just eight starts in league and cup last term before dislocating his shoulder in March and ending his campaign prematurely.
Now many are tipping the 20-year-old to provide the chief goal threat for the Whites this time around when the new campaign gets under way on Saturday with the visit of Derby County.
But Lennon believes his young gun can carry the weight of expectation.
“I don't think he feels the pressure, or maybe he's oblivious to it,” Lennon said.
“It won't affect him. He'll just do what he does.
“He's only played half a dozen games when you really look at it – he exploded on to the scene and created that bit of excitement – so we're looking forward to seeing what he can do.”
Clough returned to the Whites' line-up on Friday night after playing 70 minutes of the 2-2 draw with Charlton Athletic.
It was only his second outing of the summer after being hampered by a thigh strain during pre-season.
The academy graduate has now thrown his hat into the ring for a starting place against the Rams this weekend, although Lennon feels he is still some way off his best.
“He'd got 45 minutes in Austria and then 70 minutes against Charlton, but that was his first football since March,” he said. “We know there is far more going to come from him, so we'll keep it all in a bit of perspective.
“He looked good and he actually improved as the game went on, so that bodes well for us going forward.”
Clough started a game alongside Mark Davies for the first time on Friday night and Lennon admits keeping both players fit and available would be a big boost to his side's chances.
Davies also had a lengthy spell on the sidelines last season, making just 15 appearances after spending four months out with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
He has been eased back in like Clough and Lennon will hope he, too, can now stay fit and offer that creative spark from midfield.
“They are two very good footballers,” he said. “I didn't realise they had never played together until someone mentioned it before the game.
“Sparky needs a bit of work, in terms of fitness, so that 75 minutes will have done him the world of good. Zach, we know what a player he can be.
“I think there is lots to come from both of them once they get a bit more football in them.”
Donald Trump's momentum in the poll is also aiding the candidate in the money chase with Hillary Clinton, as the Republican closes in on the $100 million milestone for campaign cash raised online.
For years Republicans have eyed the online fundraising success of Barack Obama, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, and other Democrats who built online fundraising operations.
Sanders, the Vermont Senator, used constant online contributions to fuel a a stiff challenge to Hillary Clinton in the primaries.
Now Republican Donald Trump, who made millions in boardrooms and through complex licensing arrangements, is approaching parity with Clinton in terms of his total number of donors.
Republican Donald Trump has been cultivating small contributors as he flies around the country, while also adding big bucks fundraisers to his schedule
Trump has 2.1 million donors, nearly as many as Clinton, who has 2.3 million, despite decades cultivating supporters, including through her unsuccessful but prolonged losing 2008 campaign.
Trump may already have passed the $100 million mark for contributions from those giving less than $200, Politico reported. His amount from smaller donors is expected to go well beyond what 2012 nominee Mitt Romney and 2008 nominee John McCain got.
Trump feeds his internet haul with constant online appeals to supporters, in a tone that has hints of the candidate's stye.
One on Monday read: 'The media keeps asking what I'm doing to prepare for my debate. Here's my answer: While Hillary is listening to a team of psychologists and advisors to teach her what to say, I'm turning to the very people who got me where I am today… YOU.'
Trump makes explicit appeals for cash through email appeals to his supporters
Trump's podium invariably contains a sign urging people to text him, a method of building a list of supporters for contributions
Trump has assembled 2.1 million donors. But it's not clear they are Republican loyalists who would support the party in his absence
The candidate had a head start in fundraising with pre-established branding and near universal name recognition. The candidate campaigns in his own plane while trailed by the press
Another email appeal went, 'In 9 days, I get the honor of fighting for you in the first presidential debate against Crooked Hillary Clinton.'
In a tactic Republicans once mocked when it was first employed by Obama, an email appeal with a picture of Trump entices potential donors with the prospect of face time. 'I wanted to give you one last chance to enter to win dinner with me before the contest closes in 24 hours. We'll fly you out to one of our fundraisers where you'll get dinner with me as my special guest,' the Trump appeal writes.
Meanwhile, Trump has mocked Hillary Clinton for holding big-dollar events in Los Angeles and the Hamptons.
It is no surprise that Trump has a loyal base that is willing to contribute, given how he has been able to draw crowds throughout the campaign.
Operatives aren't so sure whether this will translate into party pocketbook loyalty.
'I don't know how much these Trump donors — if he doesn't win — want to give to the RNC,' an operative told the publication.
The campaign is eager to promote the small dollar donors, much as Sanders touted the average contribution price during his campaign. The Trump camp's efforts are aided by a media policy that keeps pool reporters away when he flies to fundraisers. His campaign typically doesn't disclose the name of the host of fundraisers he attends or the total amount raised.
Over the past (too many) days I've been preparing my presentation for the ACCU 2009 conference. At one point I wanted to show how loop tiling increases locality of reference and therefore cache hits. Surprisingly, I could not find a demo on the web, so I built one from scratch. Here are two applets demonstrating memory accesses during a matrix raise to the power of two operation.
Normal Loop
const int N = 12 ; double a [ N ][ N ], r [ N ][ N ]; for ( int i = 0 ; i < N ; i ++ ) for ( int j = 0 ; j < N ; j ++ ) { r [ i ][ j ] = 0 ; for ( int k = 0 ; k < N ; k ++ ) r [ i ][ j ] += a [ i ][ k ] * a [ k ][ j ]; }
This browser does not have a Java Plug-in.
Get the latest Java Plug-in here.
Loop with Tiling
const int N = 12 ; const int TILE = 4 ; double a [ N ][ N ], r [ N ][ N ]; for ( int i = 0 ; i < N ; i += TILE ) for ( int j = 0 ; j < N ; j += TILE ) for ( int k = 0 ; k < N ; k += TILE ) for ( int ii = i ; ii < i + TILE ; ii ++ ) for ( int jj = j ; jj < j + TILE ; jj ++ ) { r [ ii ][ jj ] = 0 ; for ( int kk = k ; kk < k + TILE ; kk ++ ) r [ ii ][ jj ] += a [ ii ][ kk ] * a [ kk ][ jj ]; }
This browser does not have a Java Plug-in.
Get the latest Java Plug-in here.
I elected to write the code in Processing; you can download it from this link. Adopting Processing proved to be a good choice; getting the application up and running was easy, although converting the multiplication loops to work inside Processing's frame loop was a bit tricky. Even better, by adding a few more lines of code I converted the result into a movie. Here are the magic incantations.
import processing.video.MovieMaker ; // [...] MovieMaker mm = new MovieMaker ( this , width , height , "tiledemo.mov" , 30 , MovieMaker . ANIMATION , MovieMaker . LOSSLESS ); // [...] mm . addFrame (); // [...] mm . finish ();
Converting the movie into a format I could embed into PowerPoint proved to be more difficult. After (again, too) many experiments I found that converting the movie using the VLC Media Player "Convert/Save" function with ASF encapsulation and the WMV2 codec at 2048bps gave me perfect results.
Note: the original version of this blog entry contained a matrix by a vector multiplication. The first comments refer to the original version.
A 6-year-old girl was seriously wounded in a shooting in broad daylight on Chicago's South Side Tuesday afternoon. Trina Orlando reports. (Published Tuesday, July 19, 2016)
A 6-year-old girl was seriously wounded in a shooting in broad daylight on Chicago's South Side Tuesday afternoon, becoming one of more than 20 children under the age of 13 to be shot in the city.
The shooting happened in the 6000 block of South Paulina in the city's West Englewood neighborhood just after 1 p.m., according to police.
Police say the child, identified by family members as Tacarra Morgan, was playing in front of her home with her family on a sunny summer afternoon when shots rang out.
The shooting began a block away from the girl's home, when a suspect in a white SUV opened fire. When people started running from the scene, the shooting continued onto the next block and Tacarra was struck.
Dozens of bullet casings were reported at the scene.
Tacarra, who police initially said was 7 years old, suffered gunshot wounds to the stomach and was taken to Comer Children's Hospital in serious condition.
Police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said the child underwent surgery Tuesday afternoon and was listed in critical but stable condition.
"We are monitoring her progress very closely," he tweeted.
Family members said Tacarra is expected to recover.
Chicago Police First Deputy Superintendent John Escalante called the shooting a "heinous crime" and asked for community members who may know something to say something.
"This is unacceptable," he said. "This is a child, like any other child in the city of Chicago, who should be able to enjoy a warm summer day and play in front of her house and play on her porch with her family."
This is the third shooting in the 15th Ward in just one week.
Alderman Raymond Lopez echoed Escalantes call asking residents to report anything they might have seen.
"It's truly horrifying for me to have to be here today yet again to discuss the violence in our city," Lopez said.
Superintendent Eddie Johnson, who is in Washington D.C. on a business trip for the department, directed all resources within the Bureau of Detectives and Bureau of Patrol be dedicated to "gathering community intelligence in the case," the department said.
"The level of gun violence on the south and west sides of our city is absolutely unacceptable, and it's appalling when our children are caught in the crossfire of individuals who have no regard for human life," Johnson said in a statement. "To safeguard our neighborhoods and our children, it is imperative that we establish a culture of accountability for repeat gun offenders in Chicago and hold them responsible for senseless gun crime."
Anyone with information is being asked to call Area South Detectives at (312) 747-8271.
Facebook suffered another attack on its privacy practices this week when a number of privacy watchdogs sent letters to Congress and the Federal Trade Commission asking for an investigation.
The groups said they have serious concerns over Facebook's new privacy policy revealed in April, and the subject of other complaints, including a letter sent by several U.S. Senators at the end of April.
The complaint with the FTC was accompanied by a letter to Congress pleading for it to push the FTC into an investigation of the company.
"Facebook continues to manipulate the privacy settings of users and its own privacy policy so that it can take personal information provided by users for a limited purpose and make it widely available for commercial purposes," the letter to Congress read. "The company has done this repeatedly and users are becoming increasingly angry and frustrated."
Specifically, the groups objected to Facebook's new requirement that users designate personal information as publicly linkable Links, Pages, or Connections. Even opting out of those settings - a confusing and laborious process, the groups said - still revealed that information on friend pages and on Facebook partners that the site connects to, such as Yelp. The groups also wrote that clicking a "Like" button on a third-party Web site allows that site access to a user's personal information, something that is not fully disclosed to the user.
Interestingly, the complaint also serves as a detailed step-by-step tutorial for opting out of the private information the groups said they're concerned about.
The letter to Congress openly worried that the FTC either lacked the power or the motivation to pursue questions of privacy at Facebook and other companies, and urged Congress to more closely monitor the agency, as per its oversight obligations.
The complaint was filed by fifteen groups, including: The Electronic Privacy Information Center, the Bill of Rights Defense Committee, the Center for Digital Democracy, the Center for Financial Privacy and Human Rights, the Center for Media and Democracy, the Consumer Federation of America, the Consumer Task Force for Automotive Issues, Consumer Watchdog, the Foolproof Initiative, Patient Privacy Rights, Privacy Activism, Privacy Journal, the Privacy Rights Clearing House, the United States Bill of Rights Foundation, and U.S. PIRG.
Ten privacy groups also filed a similar privacy complaint against Facebook in Dec. 2009 [corrected].
A man dressed as “Star Wars” character Boba Fett was placed in handcuffs following a reported dispute between costumed performers on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Monday morning.
Police were initially called to the location near the popular Hollywood and Highland Center (map) after someone reported the Chewbacca and Darth Vader characters were involved in an altercation, Officer Liliana Preciado of the Los Angeles Police Department said.
KTLA video showed a man at the scene dressed as Boba Fett standing near a police car in hand-cuffs.
The character's helmet and gun could be seen on the back hood of the patrol car.
Preciado could not confirm if the man in the Boba Fett costume had been arrested and it was unclear what role in the alleged altercation he may have played.
There were no further details on the possible incident between Chewbacca and Darth Vader.
Incidents involving characters on the Walk of Fame are not uncommon.
Earlier this year, a 35-year-old man who dresses as the character Mr. Incredible was convicted in an Oct. 21 assault of a woman who plays Batgirl.
City prosecutors have earned convictions in several other cases as well.
Case descriptions provided by the City Attorney's Office included two disputes over tips from tourists that led to attacks on Mickey Mouse by another Mickey and Donald Duck, and an assault by Superman on another Superman.
In another case, a woman dressed as Catwoman grabbed an undercover police officer who did not tip after posing for a photo with her.
Earlier today at the White House, President Donald Trump and Pentagon officials gathered for a photo op and the signing of the National Defense Authorization Bill:
DefSec Mattis and Joint Chiefs Chair Dunford await Pres Trump in Roosevelt Room for signing of near-$700-billion National Defense Authorization Bill. pic.twitter.com/CYL0lD2UDp — Mark Knoller (@markknoller) December 12, 2017
And after the bill signing, the president ignored a shouted question from CNN's Jim Acosta:
President Trump ignores question from @Acosta on what the president meant when he tweeted that Sen. Gillibrand would do anything for a campaign contribution. — Allie Malloy (@AlliemalCNN) December 12, 2017
Well, it looks like before the photo op, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders issued a warning to Acosta on asking questions, which he apparently ignored:
Prior to this morment, @presssec issued a warning to me. She said if I asked a question of Trump at the bill signing "I can't promise you will be allowed into a pool spray again." Sorry Sarah.. we won't be intimidated. https://t.co/RZgJpXpyEg — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) December 12, 2017
Over to you, Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Is Acosta banned?
Update. The Daily Mail's David Martosko, who was banned by team Hillary, adds:
I don't know if @PressSec will ban @acosta from future White House "pool spray" photo ops. I'm willing to bet, however, that there will now be fewer of them. There's a time and a place. And I say this as the only reporter banned from a press pool (Clinton's) during the campaign. — David Martosko (@dmartosko) December 12, 2017
Video here:
Editor's note: This post was updated.
***
Related:
BUTTHURT ALERT: Sarah Sanders shuts Jim Acosta down AGAIN at Trump bill signing https://t.co/haas0gzDB7 — Twitchy Team (@TwitchyTeam) December 12, 2017
WAAAH! Sarah Sanders drops TRUTH BOMB on Jim Acosta, and Chris Cillizza can't deal https://t.co/EjrCSIeXNT — Twitchy Team (@TwitchyTeam) December 12, 2017
A report by the Council on Animal Testing revealed Tuesday that more than half the experiments in Israel in 2014 were conducted at the highest level of pain for the animal, and more than 99 percent of the animals were put to death when experiments were finished.
There were 340,000 experiments conducted on animals last year, the report found, 12.1 percent more than the previous year. This data does not include tests conducted by the defense establishment, where tens of thousands of animals are used in tests which are not independently monitored.
The council found that there was a rise in the use of mammals, especially monkeys and mice (108 in 2013 compared with 724 in 2014). Mice were used in 83.9 percent of the experiments, while chickens and other birds were used in 7.4 percent, fish in 7 percent, and 1.3 percent in large mammals. The rise in the number of experiments, according to the report, comes to a large extent from the wider use of mice and fish, both used in experiments in much larger quantities in 2014 than in 2013.
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Among the large mammals were 161 sheep, 48 goats, nine horses, nine donkeys, eight hedgehogs, two foxes and one camel.
The rise in the use of animals, noted the council, “reflects efforts to develop new methods and technologies, enabling the use of animals for tests while implementing stringent work principles, according to which the animals used should be on the lowest rung of the developmental ladder while still answering the needs of the research at hand.”
Adi Winter, spokeswoman of the Israeli Association Against Animal Testing, said the rise in experiments “is a very worrying trend. These creatures have a right to live their lives without their flesh being cut for the sake of science. The time has come for animal testing to pass from the world, the time has come for a world that respects all animals sharing the Earth with us.” Animals are not “test tubes with tails,” she said.
Winter noted that for medicine and cosmetics there are “many alternatives today. There are cultures of tissue and there is a chip simulating organs or even a whole human body.” The Council on Animal Testing, operating under the authority of the Health Ministry is also in charge for promoting and developing substitutes for experimentation on animals “but until now has not offered even one alternative in all the years it exists,” she told Haaretz.
Prof. Alex Tzafriri, from the Department of Biological Monitoring at the Weizmann Institute of Science, rejected the claims of Winter and other animal rights activists.
“If you hear from people who oppose animal testing that the experiments are not needed then they are simply lying,” Tzafriri told Haaretz. “Have you heard of SARS? Have you heard of Ebola? How were these diseases defeated? Only by testing vaccines on animals. There is no substitute to animal testing. We will never undertake any action on a human without proving first that this action will benefit them or at the very least not harm them. We will never take a sick person and try on them something we have not proven to be effective and safe,” he said.
Tzafriri added that only a third of all medical publications are based on animal testing and that an overwhelming amount of tests is conducted on very primitive life forms.
The House late Thursday defeated an amendment from Rep. Barbara Lee Barbara Jean LeeBetting against Bernie? Dems assess the risk Kamala Harris: 'I am not a democratic socialist' The 10 Dems most likely to win the 2020 presidential nomination MORE (D-Calif.) that would prohibit the use of federal dollars toward combat operations in Iraq amid the country's growing unrest.
Rejected in a 165-250 vote, Lee's amendment to the fiscal 2015 Defense appropriations bill would have blocked the use of funds for new U.S. military intervention. Lee said Congress should go on the record in opposition to sending more U.S. troops to Iraq.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We must not let history repeat itself," Lee said. "These calls to be dragged back into Iraq must be rejected."
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) argued that the nearly decade-long Iraq war was more than enough U.S. involvement.
"We are right to stay out of this thing," Ellison said. "What have we learned if 11 years has not taught us?"
Ellison urged for a diplomatic solution to combat the Sunni extremist group ISIS.
"If we want to help, what we should do is engage the regional community the countries around Iraq and Iraqi leaders in a diplomatic solution that hopefully includes them having a more inclusive, less abusive government," Ellison said.
But Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen Rodney Procter FrelinghuysenTop House GOP appropriations staffer moves to lobbying shop Individuals with significant disabilities need hope and action Exiting lawmakers jockey for K Street perch MORE (R-N.J.), the chairman of the House Defense Appropriations subcommittee, said Lee's amendment would limit the U.S. government's ability to respond to the conflict.
"This amendment, in my judgment, goes too far as it attempts to tie the U.S. government's hands," Frelinghuysen said.
Frelinghuysen further noted the limited debate time for Lee's proposal. The Defense appropriations bill is being considered under a modified open rule, which allows members to offer an unlimited number of amendments but with only 10 minutes of debate.
"What's occurring in Iraq is complicated and dangerous and violent. This is a complicated issue with multifaceted policy ramifications that really cannot be fully debated in an amendment in this short period of time," Frelinghuysen said.
Lee also offered an amendment that would effectively sunset the 2002 authorization of military force against Iraq, but it was rejected 182-231.
Earlier Thursday, President Obama announced that he would send 300 military advisers to Iraq to boost government security forces.
President Donald Trump's golf courses in the United States display a coat of arms taken from another prominent American family with just one small tweak, according to a New York Times report out Sunday.
Trump uses the coat of arms belonging to Joseph Edward Davies, the third husband of Marjorie Merriweather Post, according to the Times. Post built Mar-a-Lago, the Florida resort now run by Trump. Davies' coat of arms shows three lions with a chevron pattern, with the word “integritas,” Latin for integrity, at the bottom. Trump uses the same coat of arms, but replaced “integritas” with “Trump,” per the Times.
Trump never asked the family for permission to use the coat of arms, Joseph D. Tydings, a former senator and Davies' grandson, told the New York Times. Tydings said that some members of his family wanted to sue Trump but that he argued against taking on the real estate mogul.
“I just told the other members of my family that you can't win on this,” he told the New York Times. “You'll borrow for two generations to sue him.”
Trump got in trouble with Scottish authorities when he tried to use the coat of arms at a golf course, there, however. He now uses a different coat of arms at his golf courses in Scotland, according to the Times.
Read the full report at the New York Times.
England's leading clubs will not allow their Welsh players to take part in a senior trial match that will help decide the squad to tour South Africa.
The Probables v Possibles will be the first trial match in 14 years and will take place on Friday 30 May in Swansea.
A spokesman for England's Premiership said that because the game is not a Test match they do not have to release non-England players.
Leading Welsh exiles Bath prop Paul James Ryan Jones (Bristol)
Owen Williams (Leicester)
George North (Northampton)
Jamie Roberts (Racing Metro)
Mike Phillips (Racing Metro)
Dan Lydiate (Racing Metro)
James Hook (Perpignan)
Luke Charteris (Perpignan)
Lee Byrne (Clermont Auvergne)
Tavis Knoyle (Gloucester)
Paul James (Bath)
Gavin Henson (Bath)
Jonathan Thomas (Worcester)
Craig Mitchell (Exeter)
Rhys Gill (Saracens)
Marc Jones (Sale)
The trial squads will be announced on Tuesday and Wales hope to reach a deal.
A WRU spokesman said: "Depending on selection we would liaise with Premiership Rugby, the clubs and the players to discuss availability to the Wales senior trial ahead of our summer tour."
However, a Premiership spokesman said: "Premiership Rugby has a policy to only release non-England players under the conditions of the International Rugby Board's regulation nine.
"This regulation covers international release for every Test country across the world. This trial match does not fall under IRB regulation nine."
The availability of some Wales players will also be in doubt because the Aviva Premiership final takes place a day after the trial match.
French clubs are also not obliged to make players available.
Wales announce the Possibles v Probables trial squads on Tuesday, 13 May and the game takes place at Swansea's Liberty Stadium 17 days later.
Leicester fly-half Owen Williams has been touted as a potential Wales tourist to South Africa for two Tests and a warm-up game.
But he could be at Twickenham for English club rugby's showpiece final on 31 May.
However, if Leicester fail to reach the final, the trial would have been a chance for the 22-year-old to press Test claims.
Uncapped Williams could also possibly soften the blow of Rhys Priestland's potentially tour-ending knee injury, suffered in Scarlets' last Pro12 game of the season.
The Tigers face George North's Northampton in the Premiership semi-finals on Friday 16 May.
North is the only Wales player with a contract clause that ensures he can be available for all international training and playing duties.
It seems unlikely the WRU would invoke their right to North's services for the trial if Saints are in the final.
Wales' tour of South Africa 10 June: Warm-up match v Eastern Province Kings in Port Elizabeth 14 June: First Test, Durban 21 June: Second Test, Nelspruit
But the situation regarding the rest of the England-based, Welsh players is not in doubt.
Second-tier Bristol are party to Premiership Rugby's agreements, so back-five forward Ryan Jones, who switched from Ospreys for the final stages of the season would not be available for the Wales trial.
Saracens prop Rhys Gill, Bath prop Paul James and centre Gavin Henson, Gloucester scrum-half Tavis Knoyle and Sale hooker Marc Jones could also be unavailable to press claims at the trial.
Racing Metro trio Jamie Roberts, Mike Phillips and Dan Lydiate remain on course for a French Top 14 final on 31 May.
But Clermont Auvergne full-back Lee Byrne, who last played for Wales at the 2011 World Cup may be surprised to find himself at a loose end after their shock home play-off defeat by Castres - a result ended Clermont's 77-match winning streak at home.
The Department of Justice has given Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina until Monday to abandon the state's discriminatory law barring transgender people from using public restrooms based on their gender identity. The law also blocked Charlotte's antidiscrimination ordinance, and prohibited cities and counties from enacting similar laws.
In a letter issued Thursday, the Justice Department's top civil rights prosecutor, Vanita Gupta, warned the governor that the statute, which was passed in March, violates federal civil rights law. She said that the Department of Justice may sue North Carolina and that the Department of Education may withhold federal funding for its schools.
The state law peddles the malicious idea that transgender people are sexual predators and that allowing people to use a bathroom that reflects their gender identity violates the rights of others. It immediately drew a strong backlash from civil rights groups, religious leaders and businesses. Major corporations have decried the law, calling it an impediment to recruiting and retaining top talent. Employers have already suspended plans to expand operations in North Carolina, costing the state hundreds of jobs.
Mr. McCrory, a Republican, and his allies in the state's legislature, the General Assembly, have tried to cast themselves as the victims of a radical progressive agenda. Yet the governor may be belatedly recognizing that he is the one pursuing radical ends in a society that has come to more deeply understand and accept variations of gender identity.
Light Shines on Emergency Generator Concept
Steven Siceloff
NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center
Some of the same technology that let walkways stretch over space shuttles in their processing hangars has the potential to bring electricity to a stricken area after engineers at NASA's Kennedy Space Center developed a portable truss that deploys solar panels which generate 5 kilowatts of peak power.Strong enough to power a small house without air conditioning, the portable generators can make electricity as long as the sun shines on their blue-black solar cells. The prototype has a bank of batteries to store energy for short periods of no sun. A larger battery bank or backup conventional generator could be used to cover longer sunless periods."The portable solar generator would allow us to take advantage of the several days of clear weather you get after a hurricane comes through an area," said Jim Fletcher, a former staff engineer with United Space Alliance (USA). "The concept's based on the fact that you would pre-position it."The truss demonstrator was unfurled recently in the Vehicle Assembly Building parking lot, where it drew a steady line of visitors. At 45-feet long, the prototype has a central area for electronics and the like with trusses extending out on each side. A second unit has solar panels and a battery bank.While the solar cells convert the sunlight into electricity, Fletcher said the truss is the unique aspect of the project because it enables large solar arrays to be deployed from relatively small trailers. Each of the four 21-foot-long trusses, with 7 panels nestled inside, retracts into a 17.5-inch space. That kind of flexibility reduces the number of people needed to make it operational and also minimizes the impact of bringing it into a damaged area."It is novel technology," Fletcher said. "I don't know of any other trusses that do what this does."The idea is getting a lot of attention from emergency planners for several reasons, particularly because the generator doesn't have to be refueled every few hours. The energy is basically free from the sun."I can see this evolving to a very popular means because it's cheap," said Wayne Kee, chief of Kennedy's Emergency Management Office. "To see it in a portable configuration, that was one of those 'Aha!' moments. It could potentially provide power to light up an area for rescue of victims, provide power to cook meals, power a medical triage area and operate computers and other electronic equipment. Plus it is portable and can be taken virtually anywhere."The prototype took about 18 months to build because work was lower priority than shuttle processing. The solar panels were paid for with energy rebates from FPL as a result of energy savings efforts at KSC.NASA owns the prototype and Kee said it could be tested in a variety of situations at Kennedy, although he will not depend on it for this hurricane season because it is still in prototype phase. The prototype is slated to be used at the USA generator shop at Kennedy where it will stand unfurled to provide solar power to the facility.The project comes at a time of energy innovation at Kennedy. The center recently opened two solar farms that are creating electricity. Also, some of the same companies that have readied the space shuttle fleet for flight are considering the feasibility of a Kennedy SpacEnergy Center that would be a hub of innovation using space workers to engineer and develop alternative energy solutions in addition to their conventional space-related duties.The solar power generator project is a bit of a natural fit for Kennedy because extendible solar arrays are common on the many spacecraft that technicians process at the center. For the truss design, though, Fletcher looked to an extendible design used on the ground. USA and a Tennessee company, Merrifield Engineering, Inc., developed a deployable truss mechanism to provide access over a shuttle payload bay inside an orbiter processing facility."This truss is a cousin to that," Fletcher said.With enough interest, Fletcher said the generators could be mass-produced near Kennedy and then sold to emergency management agencies, relief organizations or other customers. In the meantime, though, the NASA/USA Launch Equipment Shop that built the first prototype needs another few weeks to complete it. Another three or four are needed to test it's electrical functionality after that, Fletcher estimated.The solar power generators can be used to produce electricity in non-disaster situations, too, because they do not burn gas or other fuel, and can be unfurled beside a building during normal times to produce electricity in non-disaster situations."It's designed to be functional nearly 100 percent of the time," Fletcher said.For instance, Fletcher said they could be plugged into a school that is used as a storm shelter. On most days, the generator would provide 40 kilowatt-hours of energy, or more, to the school. The generator can be folded up as storm nears, then re-opened after the storm is gone, providing perhaps the only source of electricity to the shelter.With upgraded solar panels already on the market and the ability to add several more feet to the truss, Fletcher said a generator could produce twice as much peak power, 10 kilowatts."I can see us building another prototype or two," Fletcher said about the next step for the concept. "And then hopefully it will be commercially manufactured, since it lends itself to mass production."
Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will be in Minneapolis on Friday to address the Democratic National Committee Summer Meeting.
Sanders will be speaking at the DNC's Summer Meeting at the Hilton in Minneapolis, Minnesota some time between 1pm and 3pm on Friday.
Supporters are strongly encouraged to attend. Doors open at 9am, and are open to the public. Sanders will be present in the Hospitality Room from between 12pm and 1pm.
Bernie Sanders merchandise and gear will also be available.
Also at the event will be Ben and Jerry, of Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream. Ice cream will be served from between 12pm and 1pm.
Other presidential candidates will be speaking at the event. C-SPAN will be covering the entire day's proceedings live. You can find more information on their coverage here.
The world has been graced us with yet again another oddball food item, and it's nothing sparkly or rainbow.
On Sept. 14, the Bagel Nook — a bakery in Freehold, New Jersey, known for wacky renditions of the breakfast staple — posted a photo to Instagram of a new menu item: the Fireball whiskey bagel. What a time to be alive!
A majority of the remarks provided in the comments section are positive, and people actually really want to try it — but Twitter is another story entirely.
“Nobody asked for this,” wrote @lucyyymills.
According to Delish, the bagel's creator, Alex Berkowitz, pours Fireball into the dough before baking it. Then, once it's out of the oven, he reduces more of the alcohol in a skillet, creating a cinnamon-whisky glaze to coat the bagel's exterior.
The official Twitter account for The Bagel Nook suggests pairing the boozy bagel with apple pie cream cheese. You can order this product in-store only, but the bakery has “other crazy delicious bagels to choose from” for mail order.
For more wild and wacky products, take a look at the world's freakiest milkshakes.
The article originally appeared on The Daily Meal.
Story highlights More than 200 bills were introduced nationally in 2016
More than 80 percent of evangelicals voted for Donald Trump
Washington (CNN) The ACLU expects more religious freedom bills to be introduced in 2017 than ever before following the election of Donald Trump.
More than 200 bills were introduced nationally in 2016 that the ACLU characterizes as discriminating against gay people in the name of religious freedom.
"We expect the volume to continue to rise in 2017, both because we have more conservative state governments than in the past, and also since our side defeated an overwhelming majority of bills in 2016," ACLU Advocacy and Policy Counsel Eunice Rho told CNN.
While the civil rights group acknowledged that not all religious bills explicitly target LGBT Americans, there's some concern at the ACLU that legislation aimed at religious freedom will allow Americans to discriminate against gay people in same-sex marriages.
"In addition to these bills, we also anticipate an increase in volume of bills targeting transgender people," Rho said.
Read More
posted by Everx
ADVERTISING:
I am excited to see the progress we have made for Dota2 in CEVO during the past year. With our biggest event yet in Season 3, we can only imagine the growth and level of competition we can achieve in the future. We at CEVO would like to thank all of those who participate in our events and we hope you all have fun and hopefully earn some cash/hardware at our seasons' end I am excited to see the progress we have made for Dota2 in CEVO during the past year. With our biggest event yet in Season 3, we can only imagine the growth and level of competition we can achieve in the future. We at CEVO would like to thank all of those who participate in our events and we hope you all have fun and hopefully earn some cash/hardware at our seasons' end
Adam Spangler
CEVO, also known as, has been in existence since 2003. Formerly, the organization came about with a heavy Counter-Strike 1.6 following because it's anti cheat system that it required players to use while in game. Ten years later, they have returned with a mission to make a mark on the North American Dota 2 community.will be their third edition and feature $1,500 in prizes between the two divisions. Each week, teams will play 2 games in the Main division, and one game in the Open division. The season is set to run for 8 weeks of league play. At its conclusion, the top 8 Main teams and the top 16-32 teams in Open will battle in best of three, double-elimination playoffs.Coverage of the event will be provided Mondays and Thursdays at 8pm by Fmbp Dota , featuringJosephCunningham along with special guests throughout the season. CEVO is also allowing amateur casting talent to participate and you can contact them here to request matches.
LinuxCon 2014 Matthew Miller is a little concerned. As the new project leader for the Fedora Linux distribution, he thinks Fedora 20 is great and Fedora 21, when it ships, will be the best release ever. But he worries that to everyone else, Fedora – and Linux distros in general – are getting a little, well … boring.
He doesn't just mean the general public, either. Miller believes much of the broader open source software community has turned its attention elsewhere, too – and at least part of the blame, he says, falls on GitHub.
Speaking at the LinuxCon 2014 conference in Chicago last week, Miller said there are plenty of metrics that show how overall interest in Linux distros has waned since their popularity was at its peak, around 2005–2006.
One example he gave was the conference itself. At one time, Miller said, shows like LinuxCon would have been lined with booths showcasing free Linux distros like Fedora, Gentoo, OpenSuse, and others. This year there were none, and Miller observed that their absence wasn't entirely due to lack of funds.
"Over the last couple of years, those have really been less interesting for the people at the booths," he said. "Our interactions are not that great. It really doesn't seem to build up the community at all."
But Miller's favorite ad hoc metric is Google Trends. Plot the frequencies of Google searches for the names of once-popular Linux distributions over the last decade and you can see the steady decline, to where interest in some distros has practically flatlined. Not even Ubuntu, which exploded in popularity a few years ago, seems immune to the trend.
Judging by Google searches, Linux distros aren't as sought-after as they were (Source: Google Trends)
So what does GitHub have to do with all this? There's no direct correlation, to be sure. But Miller pointed out that while one core audience for Linux has always been open source software developers, open source projects no longer have the symbiotic relationship with Linux distros they once did.
Before the advent of comprehensive Linux distributions, you typically had to download your favorite free software from the creator's own website, or from a file hosting site like SourceForge. Open source software came in many forms and formats, and making it work with your particular OS installation was often a headache.
One huge selling point of Linux distros was that they eliminated this problem. A good Linux distro scoured the world of open source software and assembled the best of it into a cohesive, easy-to-install bundle. Users no longer needed to compile their own packages. After a while, they began to resent it when they had to. As a result, developers very much wanted their software to be included in the more popular distros.
The rise of GitHub has changed this dynamic. Rather than just offering links to tarballs for download, GitHub allows developers to publish their source code in a standard format, accessible by a common set of tools. As a result, Miller observed, GitHub has rapidly become a preferred way for open source developers to offer their software to the public.
748 Reddit 3 StumbleUpon 0 Tumblr 0 email
Entregaban su piel bronceada al tatuaje, y así quedaban continuamente satisfechas sus necesidades artísticas, eróticas e incluso morales: los unos podían contemplar en los pechos, vientres y espaldas de los otros (…) mujeres y hombres acoplados; los órganos de su deleite por separado; y de pronto, junto al corazón, a Lenin o a Stalin, o incluso a ambos (pero esto no tiene más valor que la cruz tatuada en el cuello de un hampón) (…) Y se leían unos a otros sus tatuajes, que no por conocidos dejaban de ser apreciados al repetirse: “Una hostia a todos los mierdas”. (Suena triunfal, como si dijera: “¡Yo soy el zar Assargadón!”.) O en el vientre de una jovencita delincuente: “Moriría por una ardiente polla”. E incluso una expresión moral modesta y sin envergadura en un brazo que ya ha clavado decenas de cuchillos entre las costillas: “¡Recuerda lo que decía tu madre!”. O bien: “Recuerdo las caricias, recuerdo a mamá”. (Entre los hampones había un culto a la madre, pero era formal, sin cumplir sus preceptos”). Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, escritor, preso político e historiador ruso, Premio Nobel de Literatura
Las siguientes fotografías recogen una serie de tatuajes típicos del mundo del hampa ruso, cuyo significado y simbolismo es primordial en la vida del condenado. La mayoría de estas imágenes fueron realizadas por Sergei Vasiliev, si bien algunas pertenecen al archivo policial de San Petersburgo. Todas forman parte de la Enciclopedia del Tatuaje Criminal Ruso.
Las piezas presentadas en los cuerpos sin nombre de estos criminales actúan como un relato e historial, así como reflexión y preservación, del folclore siempre cambiante del mundo criminal ruso.
Izq: El puñal en el cuello muestra que el preso cometió un asesinato en la cárcel, y que está a disposición de ser contratado para nuevos asesinatos. Los cascabeles en los pies indican que cumplió la condena en su totalidad. Los grilletes en los tobillos representan que las sentencias fueron más de cinco años. Las estrellas en las rodillas significan que no se arrodilla ante la policía o la ley.
Der: Los tatuajes en la cara significan que nunca espera salir en libertad. Debajo de los ojos se lee: “Lleno / de amor”; en la barbilla: “Peligro de muerte”; alrededor del cuello: “Cada uno a lo suyo”; encima de cada cabeza de la serpiente en su pecho: “Esposa” y “Madrastra”; en el pecho: “Las putas no merecen excavar en mi alma”; en su brazo: “Comunistas chupen mi pene por una juventud en ruinas”.
Izq: El texto en el pecho dice: “Mientras respiro, tengo esperanza”. El hombre con turbante sosteniendo un cuchillo en la boca indica inclinación a la brutalidad, el sadismo y una actitud negativa hacia los presos que abiertamente colaboran con las autoridades de la prisión. El texto latino en el hombro lee: “Recuerda que eres mortal”.
Der: La charretera y la araña en los hombros denotan que se trata de un criminal de alto rango. El texto en el pecho dice: “Oh Señor, perdóname por las lágrimas de mi madre”. En el lado derecho del pecho tiene tatuado un billete de 100 rublos, por lo general significa la participación en la falsificación y el compromiso con la vida criminal.
Izq: El texto en la parte superior del muslo enuncia: “La tierra está vacía sin ti”. El tatuaje sobre el seno derecho dice: “Made in CCCP”. La rosa enredada en el alambre de púas en el hombro denota que la portadora celebró su cumpleaños 16 o 18 en la cárcel.
Der: Estos tatuajes son típicos del mundo del hampa ruso, un gran dibujo, que ilustra a la Virgen María, cubre el centro del pecho y el estómago. Este símbolo fungía como una suerte de talismán para los hampones del alto rango.
Izq: Mikhail Kovanev, poeta, artista y músico, estaba cumpliendo una condena de quince años por asesinato. Siempre afirmó ser inocente. Casi to-do su cuerpo estaba cubierto de tatuajes, muchos diseñados por él. Los ojos en el estómago significa que era homosexual (el pene funge como nariz en la composición). En la cárcel se convirtió en un adicto a las drogas, siendo asesinado durante el presidio.
Der: El billete de un dólar en el hombro significa el compromiso del portador a una vida de crimen.
Izq: Los ojos en la parte superior del pecho significan: “Puedo ver to-do” y “Estoy vigilando”. El texto en el pecho significa: “Hijo del mundo del crimen”.
Der: Este preso fue condenado por delitos relacionados con drogas. En el pecho: “Gott mit uns” o “Dios con nosotros”, un grito de guerra, tanto del Imperio Ruso como del Tercer Reich. La Cruz de Hierro en el cuello expresa: “No me importa nadie”. El alambre de púas en la frente indica que el portador nunca se corregirá.
Izq: Este preso es un enfermo de sífilis y posee graves cicatrices en la cara, ojos y boca. En las cárceles rusas los criminales que sufren de enfermedades venéreas se les conoce como buketniki (Portadores del bouquet). También poseen rangos, como el ejército, en función del grado de avance de su condición.
Der: El tatuaje en el estómago representa la sede del Consejo de Ministros de la Unión Soviética (el organismo estatal que dirigía el país). Los felinos depredadores (pantera, león y leopardo) en el monumento en frente del edificio son una burla, una declaración en contra de las autoridades y sus leyes.
Izq: El texto alrededor del candado significa: “Preciado tesoro, amada libertad”. El símbolo de la cerradura solía ser una marca de calidad en la URSS.
Der: Los tatuajes carcelarios de las mujeres se distinguen por su carácter sentimental. Son muy populares las frases de amor. El texto en la parte superior dice: “Si quieres pasarla mal, enamórate de mi”. El inferior: “Deja que mi amor caiga sobre tu vida como una lápida”.
Izq: El tatuaje en el cuello dice “No necesito la felicidad”. En el pecho: “Vivo en pecado y moriré riendo”.
Der: Los tatuajes en los párpados dicen: “No me / Despiertes”. El genio en el antebrazo es un símbolo común de la adicción a las drogas.
La simbología religiosa es fundamental en el tatuaje criminal ruso.
La esvástica puede significar que el propietario tiene simpatías fascistas, aunque generalmente funge como una protesta hacia la administración penitenciaria y el estado.
Las fotografías presentadas y parte de los tatuajes mostrados forman parte del libro Russian Criminal Tattoo Encyclopaedia (el cual posee dos volúmenes) , que incluye además diseños originales, creados por el guardia carcelario Danzig Baldaev, quien fue una eminencia en el tatuaje del mundo criminal ruso.
Biografía recomendada:
SPOILER ALERT: Contains details from Thursday's season finale of the Serial podcast. “If you don't mind me asking — you have no ending?” This is the question Adnan Syed asks Sarah Koenig early in the season finale of Serial, the podcast that ended Thursday morning. It was a good question and one million of listeners were no doubt wondering before they sat down to hear the final splash of Koenig's deep dive into the 1999 murder of Syed's ex-girlfriend, 18-year-old Hae Min Lee, for which he was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. “I mean, do I have an ending?” asks Koenig, almost sounding like she was skimming the script to the spot-on Funny or Dieparody released this week. “Of course I have an ending. We're going to come to an ending today.” About 56 minutes later, this was debatable.
Article Continued Below
Of course it was. Everything about this case is debatable. RELATED Serial inspires Toronto Police to roll out crime clues on Twitter
As we've heard over the previous 11 episodes, the case “was a mess.” It was tangled up with ambiguous timelines, disputed accounts, confusing cellphone logs and conflicting testimony. It was an audio inkblot: you listened alone and heard what you heard, knowing someone else would hear something else. You either believe star prosecution witness Jay, who led police to his friend Adnan and says he helped bury Hae's body in Baltimore's Leakin Park after she was strangled in a Best Buy parking lot. Or you believe Adnan, even though he never really offers an explanation as to where he was on the afternoon of Jan. 13, 1999, or why he is not guilty, beyond claiming he is innocent. For fans of the podcast, which started with little fanfare as a spinoff of This American Life this fall and then, through word of mouth, morphed into a global phenomenon, maybe there was never any chance for closure.
Despite the "mess" of evidence in the case, Serial host Sarah Koenig finally delivered her own verdict on Thursday's season finale. ( Meredith Heuer ) Undated Woodlawn High yearbook photo of Hae Min Lee, who was murdered in 1999. ( Handout / TNS )
Maybe this was always going to end the way it started. Or as Koenig puts it: “I don't believe any of us can say what really happened to Hae.”
Article Continued Below
Fair enough. But unlike the rest of us, she tried to say. And after spending more than a year investigating the case, I'd be willing to bet good money Koenig and her producers are not thrilled with the outcome. How could they possibly be? She says clarity seemed so attainable at the start. She believed this was a mystery that could be solved. Otherwise, as she also notes, the soul-searching gets a bit uncomfortable: “Did we just spend a year applying excessive scrutiny to a perfectly ordinary case?” There were only a few parts in the finale that seemed vaguely fresh, if not momentous: 1. Koenig interviewed “Don,” Hae's boyfriend at the time of her disappearance. He didn't want to go on tape. So she relayed the salient bits, which turned out to not be that salient. He didn't know what happened to Hae. He offered no opinion on Syed's innocence or guilt. 2. According to 1994 architectural plans, it's possible there was a pay phone at the Best Buy, at least in an adjoining vestibule. 3. A coworker of Jay, who was with him the night the cops arrived, says Jay was terrified of Adnan. He believes Jay's account of what happened that day. 4. The so-called “Nisha call” could still be “one of the pillars of the case against Adnan.” Or it could be no big deal, a “butt dial,” to quote Koenig. 5. On the weekend, Syed gave the University of Virginia's Innocence Project permission to file a motion requesting that DNA evidence, gathered from the crime scene 15 years ago, be tested. They want to see if the DNA, assuming it is still viable, matches a convicted rapist and murderer who is now dead but was known to be in the Baltimore area in 1999. “A long shot,” as Koenig rightly points out. Syed is also facing an appeal hearing in January, which his lawyer calls his last real chance at freedom. So we'll be hearing more about the case in the weeks ahead, even if the podcast is over. That was basically it. And since that was basically it, Koenig deserves some credit for at least taking a stand, for shrewdly turning all of this murky ambiguity against itself. In other words: if this case is a mess of circumstantial evidence, with no hard proof linking Adnan to the murder, should he be in prison? This is about reasonable doubt. “As a juror, I vote to acquit Adnan Syed,” Koenig says, in what we'll have to call the series climax. “I have to acquit. Even if in my heart of hearts I think Adnan killed Hae, I have to acquit. That's what the law requires of jurors.” And that is how Serial ended, even if didn't feel like an ending at all.
TripAdvisor, a popular travel and restaurant review company, is essentially adding a special badge of dishonor next to hotels and resorts where reports of sexual assaults have been made.
The flaggings will also occur for other areas of general concern, like “health, safety, and discrimination issues,” according to The New York Times. An employee committee will decide whether an establishment should have a symbol denoting alleged crimes.
On the top of the page for Iberostar Paraiso Maya, a resort in the Playa del Carmen region of Mexico, for example, there is a message from TripAdvisor written in classic cautionary red.
“TripAdvisor has been made aware of recent media reports or events concerning this property which may not be reflected in reviews found on this listing,” the warning reads. “Accordingly, you may wish to perform additional research for information about this property when making your travel plans.”
The note isn't specific, but is likely in reference to a number of relatively recent events. Mexican authorities swept through 31 resorts, restaurants and nightclubs in Cancun and Playa Del Carmen in August and confiscated 10,000 gallons of booze believed to be adulterated or contain some sort of unusual toxicity. Iberostar Paraiso Maya, one of the resorts affected by this impoundment, was shut down completely.
Abbey Conner, a 20-year-old woman from Wisconsin, drowned at Iberostar's Paraiso del Mar while on vacation with her family in January. People close to Conner claim that poisonous alcohol is to blame, but there is no such evidence to prove that.
Furthermore, the move from TripAdvisor comes around a week after The Milwaukee Jorunal Sentinel reported that TripAdvisor, on more than one occasion, deleted a Dallas woman's review alleging she was raped by a security guard at the Paraiso Maya resort. TripAdvisor apologized and said the repeated removals were due to a policy that only permitted “family-friendly” language and content, according to TheNYT.
Another woman who claims she was the victim of sexual assault at the same exact resort said she also was unable to write a review which was to include the grisly details of the alleged crime. (RELATED: Tesla Accused Of Internal Sexual Harassment. Company Denies Allegations)
“As a preliminary matter, we must emphasize that all incidents reported by guests in our facilities are treated with the utmost seriousness and care in an effort to make certain that all appropriate actions are taken,” a representative for Iberostar Hotels & Resorts told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “Every allegation respecting the welfare of our guests is carefully considered, and we always seek to assist guests who allege that they have encountered problematic situations at any of our facilities … We must emphasize that complaints as described in the media are extremely infrequent at our properties … No tainted or adulterated alcohol has been found at any of the Iberostar properties in Mexico. None.”
TripAdvisor did not respond to TheDCNF's request for comment by time of publication.
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Operatives of top global corporations, which spend great amounts of cash to lobby Congress, are also part of a small group in the US outside the Obama administration that can access working plans on the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact.
According to data analyzed by government transparency advocate MapLight, current members of Congress received around US$24 million in the last ten years from organizations represented on an exclusive industry board, created and staffed by Congress. This board has inside access - such as not even granted to members of Congress, much less the public - to the highly-secretive negotiations of the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, which promises to give powerful industry players more clout over global trade rights.
The United States is currently in negotiations with 11 other Pacific Rim nations on the lucrative trade pact known as theTrans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which aims to liberalize trade among the signees. Among the contentious issues in the TPP is that the agreement stipulates new powers for multinationals that would allow them to challenge country laws in privately run international courts. Washington has endorsed such powers in previous trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), but conditions in the TPP could grant multinational more powers to challenge a wider range of laws. Under NAFTA several companies including Dow Chemicals and Exxon Mobil have sought to overrule regulations on fracking, oil drilling, and drug patents.
“The United States, as in previous rounds, has shown no flexibility on its proposal, being one of the most significant barriers to closing the chapter,” said a memo from one of the participating countries obtained by the Huffington Post.
Ultimately, the pact would give corporate entities much more influence over commerce, elevating “individual foreign firms to equal status with sovereign nations,” consumer rights advocate Public Citizen says on its website.
Thus far in the multi-year negotiations of TPP, a small cadre of people have had open access to the working documents involved in the various sections of the trade pact. On the contrary, members of the US Congress, for example, must visit the offices of the United States Trade Representative to review the provisions. They are not allowed to bring anyone with them, nor can they make copies of any documents pertaining to the working agreement.
Yet aside from those in the Obama administration, only members of the United States Trade Representative's advisory system, including the 18-member Industry Trade Advisory Committee on Intellectual Property Rights (ITAC-15), can freely access TPP negotiation documents on intellectual property.
Members of the ITAC-15 include representatives from companies like GE, Cisco Systems, Yahoo, Verizon, AT&T, and Johnson & Johnson, and entities such as the Recording Industry Association of America, Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, and the Biotechnology Industry Organization.
The ITAC-15 does not include public advocacy organizations, academics or any non-industry experts.
The industry trade advisory system was created and staffed by members of Congress. In fact, the ITAC-15 is made up of several top political spenders that have offered millions of dollars to influential Congress members in recent years, data organized by MapLight shows.
MapLight found that - from Jan. 1, 2003 to Dec. 31, 2012 - the 18 organizations that have representatives on the ITAC-15 gave almost $24 million to current members of Congress in that time period via political action committees, among other avenues that are legally required to be disclosed.
AT&T has given over $8 million to current members of Congress, more than any other ITAC-15 entities.
Republican House Speaker John Boehner has been given $433,350 from ITAC-15 organizations, more than any other individual in Congress.
Congressional Democrats have gotten $11.4 million from the organizations, while Republicans have received $12.6 million.
A handful of Congress members sponsoring legislation that would give the Obama administration more power over the congressional process of approving TPP - barring amendments to the pact, for example - have received a total of $758,295 from the ITAC-15 groups. These members include: Senate Finance Committee Chair Max Baucus ($140,601), Senate Finance Ranking Member Orrin Hatch ($178,850), House Ways and Means Committee Chairman David Camp ($216,250), House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade Chairman Devin Nunes ($86,000), and House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions ($136,594).
Meanwhile, a new report released this week showed that US corporations spent $185 million in 2012 alone via nonprofit groups that are not legally required to divulge either their sources of funding or how they spend that money.
“Ranking among the biggest donors are energy giant Exelon Corp., health insurer WellPoint Inc. and technology titan Microsoft Corp.,” the Center for Public Integrity said in its findings.
“The millions of dollars in corporate expenditures highlighted by the Center for Public Integrity's research flowed to more than 1,000 politically active nonprofits, from major trade associations such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to pro-business alliances such as the Fix the Debt Coalition.”
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (AP) — Law enforcement officers say they found no evidence of an active shooter and no injuries in their search of a dormitory at the Air Force Academy late Friday night.
All clear: The incident has concluded. There are no confirmed shots fired & no injuries. Everyone is safe. — USAFA (Official) (@AF_Academy) September 30, 2017
Authorities say the academy in Colorado was placed on lockdown at around 10 p.m. MDT, and that text messages were sent to airmen warning them of a possible shooter.
The El Paso County Sheriff's Office said military personnel and law enforcement officers cleared dormitories and knocked on doors but found that there were no injuries or shots fired.
EPSO and military personnel investigating shots fired on the Air Force Academy. Nothing is confirmed yet. More info will be forthcoming. pic.twitter.com/cMBuACfxUY — EPCSheriff (@EPCSheriff) September 30, 2017
The Gazette in Colorado Springs reported that security forces said they believed the incident took place at the academy's prep school.
Earlier this week the Air Force Academy leader delivered a stern message in a speech to cadets after someone wrote racial slurs on message boards outside the dorm rooms of five black students at the prep school.
During the lockdown, people spread the word on social media by urging everyone to stay safe:
Mongolia says China has closed a key border crossing, creating huge congestion, nearly a week after the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, visited the country.
Hundreds of truck drivers for the mining conglomerate Rio Tinto are stuck at the Gants Mod crossing in southeastern Mongolia in freezing temperatures.
In a sense, Mongolia is paying a very heavy economic price for putting religious freedom ahead of economic necessity. Adrian Brown, Al Jazeera correspondent
Footage shows a long line of trucks on the Mongolian side of the border waiting to cross.
"Mongolia says these drivers spend hours, and in some cases days, waiting in the cold," Al Jazeera's Adrian Brown, reporting from Beijing, said on Saturday. "Temperatures at night that can drop to minus 20 degrees Celsius."
Rio Tinto, which operates vast copper and gold mines, has now suspended shipment to China of copper concentrate.
The Dalai Lama is cherished as a spiritual leader in predominantly Buddhist Mongolia, but is considered a separatist in China for supporting a long drawn-out campaign for independence for Tibet.
Beijing has been campaigning for a diplomatic boycott of the Dalai Lama since 1959, when he escaped to India and formed a government-in-exile. The Dalai Lama retired from political life in 2011.
Last month, Beijing imposed new tariffs on commodity shipments between China and Mongolia. But Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang did not confirm whether or not the new border fees were connected to the Dalai Lama's visit, saying that he was unaware of the situation.
"As for the Dalai Lama's visit to Mongolia, China has expressed its position many times," he said at the ministry's regular press briefing on Thursday, covered by the Reuters news agency.
The diplomatic repercussions could hit Mongolia hard, with the crisis-hit government desperate to boost economic ties with its powerful southern neighbour and to use Chinese investment to kick-start key mining and infrastructure projects.
Al Jazeera's correspondent said Mongolia had been negotiating a loan with China to help ease its acute financial troubles.
"Its government is basically broke, but China has cancelled talks to discuss the loan that Mongolia needs so very badly.
"So, in a sense, Mongolia, is paying a very heavy economic price for putting religious freedom ahead of economic necessity," Brown added.
In advance of Dalai Lama's visit to the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, China warned in October of "damage" to bilateral ties between the two countries.
GETTY Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is plottiong a move for Borussia Monchengladbach startlet Mahmoud Dahoud
Dahoud, 20, who was born in Syria and has played for Germany Under-21s, is one of the rising stars of German football with his energy and recovery of the ball two of his qualities. His passing ability, both long and short, also appeals to Klopp, who is looking for someone who can dictate from deep. Both Manchester clubs, City and United, have followed Dahoud, who is rated at about £20million, while Liverpool know Thursday's Europa League opponents, Borussia Dortmund, are interested in the player.
Jurgen Klopp plans mass Liverpool exodus Sun, February 28, 2016 Express Sport takes a look at the players Jurgen Klopp will be looking to offload in the summer Play slideshow GETTY 1 of 11 Adam Lallana and Christian Benteke face the exit this summer
Dahoud shares the same agent as Liverpool duo Emre Can and Samed Yesil, who is on loan at Swiss side FC Luzern. As well as Dahoud Klopp is also interested in Udinese's Poland midfielder Piotr Zielinski, who has spent the season on loan at Empoli. “There is a lot of truth in rumours about Liverpool,” said Zielinski. “Jurgen Klopp is interested in me, we had some talks.” Liverpool have yet to open contract talks with midfielder Joe Allen, who has just 14 months left on his contract.
Jon Jones Speaks Out Against TRT Usage – “It's Absolutely Terrible”
There is no shortage of opinions in the mixed martial arts world when it comes to the controversial subject of testosterone replacement therapy (TRT).
Over the last few years, the procedure has become a hot-button subject among promoters, journalists and fighters alike as the debate rages on whether the practice of TRT should be legal and allowed (as it is now, so long as it is approved by an athletic commission) or is essentially legal cheating.
Chael Sonnen is one of the fighters who was at the forefront of the TRT controversy after divulging he was prescribed the therapy by his doctor after they found he had dangerously low levels of testosterone being produced by his body naturally.
He's remained on the treatment for the past several years, and with approval by the athletic commissions, so long as his testosterone levels are within legal limits, he can fight while using TRT.
If there's one person who has no problem speaking out against the use of TRT in MMA it is Sonnen's next opponent, UFC light heavyweight champion Jon “Bones” Jones.
During a TUF 17 media conference call on Wednesday, when Sonnen stated he would be the best athlete that Jones has ever faced, the champion fired back by saying, “Is that you being in good shape on TRT or off of TRT?”
When pushed on the subject further, Jones didn't back down when speaking about the controversial therapy, pointing towards age catching up to fighters and how TRT is just cheating with a legal name attached to it.
“I think it's terrible. I think it's absolutely terrible if you're going to consider yourself an athlete. TRT would be perfect for Chael Sonnen if he wasn't competing in one of the toughest sports in the world,” Jones stated.
“I think Chael Sonnen made tons of money when he was a young guy, and now he's an older guy. And now just to be able to take a drug and super-enhance yourself back to where you were in your 20's is bull.”
As men get older, their testosterone levels drop naturally, but TRT has been viewed as a virtual “fountain of youth” for some aging competitors. Fighters like Dan Henderson, Frank Mir and Forrest Griffin have all been granted TRT exemptions by athletic commissions in the couple of years.
Jones isn't a fan of the procedure at all, and says getting older is just part of athletics. You won't be able to do the same things at 35 years of age that you could when you were 25, and that's just a fact.
“Right now I'm 25, I'm sure I'm not as giddy and happy-go-lucky as I was when I was 20, so if I take a drug at my 25-year-old age and have the energy of a 20-year-old, it just wouldn't be fair. Everyone would hate me if I did it, but Chael Sonnen gets to do it? I think it's bull crap,” Jones stated.
Sonnen didn't have much to say in response other than saying, “I don't have any comment.”
Will Sonnen's usage of TRT come up again during the filming of The Ultimate Fighter Season 17? If this is any indicator, Jones has no problem bringing it up and pointing the finger directly at Sonnen.
Stay tuned to MMAWeekly.com for all of your UFC news and updates.
The app is called Vysor, and while it's not quite finished yet we've been using it for a little while now and can't wait to see the finished product.
There are a couple of ways to remotely view and control your Android from a desktop, but none of them are particularly easy to use. Some require root access, some require subscriptions, and some aren't really worth using due to low framerates and overall quality. The mind behind Rom Manager, Voice Plus, AllCast , and other popular Android apps has been working on a better way to remote control multiple Android phones and tablets for a while now, and like almost everything Android the work was discovered late last night and leaked before it was finished.
Unlike your average Android remote app, Vysor is a Chrome app first. You launch in Chrome, turn on USB debugging on your phone or tablet, and connect to the computer. Once ADB connects to your machine, Vysor is installed and your mobile screen shows up on your desktop. Your mouse and keyboard can now control your Android, complete with keyboard shortcuts for back, home, and multitask. In our testing it works great on Mac and Windows, and aside from the occasional need to play with USB connection mode (thanks, Installer Mode nonsense) Vysor works as soon as you plug the cable in after the initial setup.
Everything about Vysor is beta right now, so expect things to not always work as advertised while it's finished.
Framerate isn't the best, you won't be playing fast-paced games or anything, but for most day-to-day tasks it's smooth enough to be enjoyable. You'll also find the screen on your Android stays on for the transfer to your computer to work, so if you're doing something that drains the battery faster than the connection to your PC can charge it you'll have a problem before too long. Dropping the brightness helps a lot, but your usage is going to vary from device to device.
As cool as a nice, free remote control service is, Vysor Share is where the real fun is. Your remote session can be shared to someone else with Vysor installed on their Chrome instance, and that user has the same ability to view and control the existing Vysor session. In his scrambling to properly announce this service after the leak, Koush explains this feature came from his long desire to remotely deploy and observe code on hardware that wasn't sitting right at his desk. It's a cool way to do exactly that, though the lag you experience in Vysor increases in obvious ways with everything streamed over the Internet.
"Game of Thrones" fans freak out: Was Jason Momoa dropping acid on Instagram!? The photo appears to be nothing more than a publicity stunt
Your message has been sent successfully
Former “Game of Thrones” star Jason Momoa, a.k.a Khal Drogo, caused a stir on Instagram this Memorial Day with a post that, sans context, would appear to show him and director Ana Lily Amirpour dropping acid.
Looping with lily @lilyinapad #imbadbatchbitch can't wait for u all to see it. "Buy the ticket, take the ride" HS. Gettin weird j A photo posted by Jason Momoa (@prideofgypsies) on May 30, 2016 at 12:15pm PDT
In the accompanying caption, Momoa wrote that he's “looping” with Lily. Looping, as it relates to hallucinogenic drugs, refers to a repeated tic.
Advertisement:
But the hashtag #imbadbatchbitch points to Momoa's forthcoming film — directed by Amirpour — that IMDb describes as “A dystopian love story in a Texas wasteland and set in a community of cannibals.”
Absent any other info, the social media stunt appears to be just that. “The Bad Batch” — starring Momoa, Keanu Reeves, and Jim Carrey — is currently in post-production.
(h/t NY Daily News)
The day the Sound of Music died: Last surviving member of the real von Trapp family passes away at the age of 99
Maria Franziska von Trapp died in her sleep at home in Vermont, America
Last surviving member of famous family that inspired The Sound of Music
Family fled their home of Salburg, Austria, when the Nazis arrived in 1938
Sang and played instruments together, before touring Europe and the U.S.
Their story later inspired the 1965 classic musical, which won five Oscars
Maria Franziska, the last of seven brothers and sisters from the famous von Trapp family, has died
The last surviving member of the real von Trapp family that inspired The Sound of Music has died.
Maria Franziska, one of seven brothers and sisters from the famous family, passed away in her sleep aged 99 at home in Vermont, America.
Her family fled their home in Nazi-occupied Austria in 1938, before performing together around the U.S.
Their story later inspired the 1965 musical hit, which won five Oscars and remains one of the most successful films ever made.
Today, family friend Marianne Dorfer said she was 'surprised' that Maria had been the last of the family to survive.
'It was a surprise that she was the one in the family to live the longest because ever since she was a child she suffered from a weak heart,' she said.
'It was the fact that she suffered from this that her father decided to hire Maria von Trapp to teach her and her brothers and sisters.
'That, of course, then led to one of the most remarkable musical partnerships of the last century.'
Maria, the second-eldest daughter of Baron von Trapp, was born in Zell am See, Salzburg, in 1914.
Following the death of her father's first wife, she and her siblings were taught by aspiring nun Maria Kutschera, who quickly fell in love with Baron von Trapp and married him in 1927.
The family sang and played instruments together having lost all their fortune in 1935 in the throes of the world's economic crisis.
Scroll down for video
Return: Maria, who was born in Zell am See, Salzburg, in 1914, passed away in her sleep aged 99 at home in Vermont, America. Above, Maria is pictured at her old family home in 2008, which has been turned into a hotel
Inspiration: The von Trapp family fled their home in Nazi-occupied Austria in 1938, before performing together around the U.S. Their story later inspired the 1965 film The Sound of Music (pictured), which won five Oscars
After an opera singer heard the children singing in a park, she entered them for a competition - with their subsequent success seeing them tour Europe and the United States as a family choir.
For Baron von Trapp, who was a staunch Austrian patriot and opponent of Adolf Hitler, his singing family also provided the escape ticket from the Nazi regime.
The family did not return from a concert tour in the United States.
Siblings: Maria is pictured with her elder sister Agatha (left), who passed away aged 97 in December 2010
So long, farewell: Maria was portrayed in the musical hit by Louisa (second right), played by Heather Menzies
Maria's stepmother later had another three children and the family settled on a farm in Vermont in 1942.
The family's story inspired The Sound of Music, which still attracts hundreds of thousands of visitors to Salzburg every year.
It has also sparked a series of well-loved musical hits, such as 'Edelweiss' or 'Sixteen going on 17'.
In the film, Julie Andrews starred as the aspiring nun Maria in the 1965 film, while Christopher Plummer played Baron von Trapp, who was depicted as a strict patriarch, obsessed with discipline.
Singers: In the 1965 film, Christopher Plummer played Baron von Trapp, who was depicted as a strict patriarch
Portrayal: Meanwhile, Julie Andrews (right) starred as aspiring nun Maria (left), who taught the children to sing
However, despite its success, some members of the real von Trapp family disagreed with the way they were portrayed.
'We were all pretty shocked at how they portrayed our father, he was so completely different,' Maria said in one interview before she died.
'He always looked after us a lot, especially after our mother died.'
Well-known: The film has sparked a series of great musical hits, such as 'Edelweiss' and 'Sixteen going on 17'
She added: 'You have to separate yourself from all that, and you have to get used to it. It is something you simply cannot avoid.'
Maria was last back in Salzburg in 2008 when she flew back to her family home for the first time since she fled Nazi-occupied Austria. .
I
ndia's richest mine of footballing talent lies in its north-east. More than 30 percent of India's top-flight players from a region with little over three percent of its population.
ESPN India's exploration of football in India's north-east which began with revisiting the life of the country's first football captain Talimeren Ao, found that his home state, Nagaland -- multi-layered, mysterious, complex -- remains one of the most under-represented in Indian football. Only one player from Nagaland has featured in the I-League, the country's top-flight competition to date.
A journey to a village south-east of the capital Kohima aimed to look at Nagaland football in a microcosm and understand how the sport survives. Without manicured grounds or a sustained regular league or a string of role models but with the commitment of a few determined to drive change and a purity of love that endures among its people.
Joseph Harry Fowler Connick Sr. (born March 27, 1926),[2] is an American attorney who is best known for serving as the district attorney of the Parish of Orleans, which contains the city of New Orleans, from 1973 to 2003. His son, Harry Connick Jr., is a successful jazz singer, pianist, actor, and humanitarian. The elder Connick is also a singer, long performing a few nights a week at local clubs as a hobby.
Early life [ edit ]
Joseph Harry Fowler Connick Sr. was born in Mobile, Alabama, the second of eight children of Jessie Catherine (née Fowler) and James Paul Connick.[3][4] Both his parents and grandparents were from Mobile. His father worked for the United States Army Corps of Engineers. When Harry Jr. was two years old, the family[vague] moved to New Orleans.
Music was a large part of his early life, and he was particularly influenced by Glenn Miller.[5] After high school, he served in the U.S. Navy in the Pacific during World War II. After the war, he returned to New Orleans and graduated from Loyola University New Orleans with a degree in business administration.[3]
He later joined the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a civilian employee where he met his future wife, Anita Livingston, an accomplished flute player, who became a lawyer, judge and former Louisiana Supreme Court justice. She was one of the first female judges in the city of New Orleans. They married in Tunisia, and spent time in Casablanca, where Connick Sr. contracted tuberculosis. They were sent back to the United States and eventually ended up in New Orleans again.[6] When Harry and Anita Connick returned to New Orleans, they opened a record store. Ultimately they owned two stores while simultaneously pursuing law degrees, one working in the store while the other was at school. They also had a daughter, Suzanna, and a son, Harry Jr.
Anita Connick died of ovarian cancer, in July 1981. Connick later married Londa Jean Matherne. Connick is the uncle of Jefferson Parish District Attorney Paul Connick and State Representative Patrick Connick, also of Jefferson Parish.[3][7]
Music and life in New Orleans [ edit ]
Connick is still involved in New Orleans music and culture. In 1993, he and his son were part of the group that founded the Krewe of Orpheus, a superkrewe that participates in annual Mardi Gras parades.[8] He was nicknamed "The Singing District Attorney" by Time magazine.[9] This nickname was given to him because he spent many nights singing in clubs in the French Quarter, including Maxwell's Toulouse Cabaret.[10]
New Orleans District Attorney [ edit ]
In 1973, Connick defeated incumbent New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison, who had recently been tried and acquitted of corruption charges.
As district attorney, he was the defendant and petitioner in Connick v. Myers, a free speech case in public employment law. In the case, Connick asked Sheila Myers to take a transfer to another position in his office. She had resisted, finally saying she would consider it after a meeting with Connick. Later the same day she distributed a questionnaire on issues of employee morale to her fellow prosecutors, after which Connick fired her.[11]
Myers sued in federal court alleging Connick violated her First Amendment rights by firing her. He maintained she had been fired for refusing the transfer, but judge Jack Gordon of the Eastern District of Louisiana held that the distribution of the questionnaire was speech on a matter of public concern and thus constitutionally protected. Since the facts indicated to him that Myers had been fired for it, he ordered her reinstated. After the Fifth Circuit affirmed Gordon, the Supreme Court granted certiorari and narrowly reversed the ruling, holding that Myers' questionnaire largely touched on matters internal to the office that were not of public concern and thus she was lawfully fired.[11]
In 1987, Connick waged an unsuccessful challenge to incumbent William J. "Billy" Guste Jr. for the position of Louisiana Attorney General. Guste prevailed over Connick, 516,658 (54%) to 440,984 (46%). Both were registered Democrats, but in Louisiana a general election can feature two members of the same party.[12]
In 1989, Connick was indicted on racketeering charges for aiding and abetting a gambling operation by returning gambling records to an arrested gambler.[13] He stated that he returned the records to the man in question because he needed them to file tax returns. On July 25, 1990, he was acquitted.[14]
In 1995, while District Attorney, Connick promised to the Assassination Records Review Board and at a public meeting in New Orleans that he would donate the Garrison investigative files which were still in his office.[15] According to the Review Board's final report, Connick instructed one of his investigators to destroy these documents after he took office.[16] The investigator took them home instead and kept them until he found out about the Review Board. A battle ensued between Connick and the Review Board after Connick demanded that the papers were returned to him and threatening to withhold the investigation papers.[16] After many subpoenas going both ways, and with the help of the Justice Department, the Review Board won and all of the documents in question are in the JFK Collection.[17]
In 2003, Connick did not seek re-election and was inducted into the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield.[18]
Controversies [ edit ]
Prosecutorial misconducts and innocents on death row [ edit ]
There are several allegations of systemic misconduct by Connick and his prosecutors. "According to the Innocence Project, a national organization that represents incarcerated criminals claiming innocence, 36 men convicted in Orleans Parish during Connick's 30-year tenure as DA have made allegations of prosecutorial misconduct, and 19 have had their sentences overturned or reduced as a result."[19]
In the case of Shareef Cousin, Connick's attorneys withheld a key witness statement from the defense, arguing that the prosecution was under no legal obligation to disclose such information.[20] As a result, Cousin was put on death row at the age of 16, but the conviction and death sentence was overturned after four years, in 1999.[21]
Connick has recently defended himself against these claims. John Simerman, in a recent article in the Times-Picayune, reaffirms that, "the sheer number of trials in Orleans Parish criminal court distorts the numbers." Simerman continues, "In his last five years in office, the courthouse at Tulane and Broad handled nearly 2,200 trials, more than a third of the criminal trials in Louisiana."[22] Indeed, his office tried about 1,000 cases per year, as compared to the approximate 100 cases per year that the Garrison administration tried.[23]
Charges [ edit ]
In 2007, John Thompson, who was wrongfully convicted of murder by Connick's DA office due to evidence withholding, was awarded a $14 million verdict by a federal court jury. The jury found "that Thompson's 18 years behind bars (14 of which he spent in solitary confinement on death row) were caused by Connick's deliberate failure to train his prosecutors on their obligations to turn over exculpatory evidence."[24] The Orleans Parish DA's office appealed and the case, Connick v. Thompson, was orally argued before the U.S. Supreme Court during the October 2010 term. By a 5–4 vote split along ideological lines,[25] the Supreme Court overturned the $14 million award in a decision issued on March 29, 2011.[26] The majority opinion, written by Justice Clarence Thomas, construed the series of admitted violations to not amount to a pattern of "similar" violations of Brady v. Maryland (1963), and such a pattern was necessary to hold Connick liable for the incompetence of his employees. The dissenting opinion, read from the bench by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, noted that Connick's office had in fact committed a pattern of violations, failing to disclose exculpatory blood type evidence, failing to disclose audio tapes of witness testimony, failing to disclose a deathbed confession of evidence destruction by the prosecuting attorney Gerry Deegan, and failing to disclose eyewitness identification of the killer that did not match Thompson. Ginsburg noted that the office had employee turnover so high a young attorney could advance to a senior supervisory position within four years, thus the office offered little training in ongoing developments in criminal procedure law despite its large number of inexperienced attorneys.[27]
References [ edit ]
We've all heard the adage that sex sells. But does it really? New research suggests that sex makes ads more memorable, but that people who've seen the spots aren't any more likely to recall the actual brands or products they advertise than those who've seen more PG advertisements.
The meta-analysis (login required) by researchers at the University of Illinois, Ball State University, and University of California-Davis examined 78 peer-reviewed advertising studies from 1969 to 2017, which collectively involved more than 17,000 consumers, primarily in the US, as well as Europe, Australia, and Asia.
The researchers looked at past experiments in which participants reported on their memory of, attitudes toward, and intentions to buy products after they were shown ads in print, billboards, posters, TV, or video that may have played elsewhere, like online. They found participants were more likely to remember ads that made sexual appeals than the ones that didn't. But that they were not more likely to remember the brands featured in the ads. The participants were also more likely to have a negative attitude towards the brands that used sex in their ads than those that didn't.
The sexualized ads also didn't drive more people to buy things, or people to buy more things—the key goals of advertising—than the ones that didn't.
“We found literally zero effect on participants' intention to buy products in ads with a sexual appeal,” the report's lead author, John Wirtz, told the University of Illinois. “This assumption that sex sells—well, no, according to our study, it doesn't. There's no indication that there's a positive effect.”
The ads did connect with some participants. Men, on average, liked the ads with sexual appeals. The women studied did not.
This isn't the first study to arrive at this conclusion. Another meta-analysis in 2015, by researchers at Ohio State University, found brands that used sex in their ads—from sexualized models to showing actual sex organs—were viewed less favorably than brands that ran neutral ads.
And, a 2016 analysis of six years of Super Bowl ads by Ace Metrix—which scores ads based based on how persuasive, likable, informative, attention-grabbing, unique, relevant, watchable, and perception-changing viewers found them, as well as whether the ads made them want to learn more about the brands or buy the products—found that sexy Super Bowl spots scored 9% lower overall than ads without sexy themes.
Brands appear to be taking note, too. Hardee's and Carl's Jr., which in the past aired racy commercials with voluptuous models, slashed the sex from their burger ads earlier this year. And provocateur GoDaddy—known for its sexy Super Bowl spots—gradually began toning down the sex its marketing in 2012. In 2015, it traded scantily-clad women for puppies in an unaired big-game spot. (It was pulled over an entirely different controversy.) And this year's spot was thoroughly un-erotic:
But not everyone got the memo. Food-delivery startup Postmates recently launched a campaign that would be described as provocative at best. Really, it's fairly disgusting. Quartz's Alison Griswold described it as, “unapologetically sexual, with close-up photos of people—mostly women—frozen in orgasmic excitement over whatever piece of food is poised to enter their mouths.”
Unfortunately, that food appears to be bleeding salmon and chucked-up avocado toast. Are you hungry now?
How to privately share your GearVR apps with your clients, customers, and testers
Jaime Bueza Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 2, 2016
Mobile VR is becoming extremely popular! Just last month (April 2016), Oculus stated that there were over a million active users using the Samsung GearVR. Incidentally, 80% of Samsung GearVR users consume video content.
Mobile VR is heating up!
Dialling it back to how it affects people who are building VR experiences: One of the challenges about building GearVR experiences is being able to quickly get feedback from your clients, customers, and testers — yes, that's right, the dreaded OSig process (Oculus Signature Files).
Let me show you how you can easily share your GearVR apps without the headaches below:
Step 1: Upload an app on to ConstructVR
In the above GIF, you can see that all I did was drag an APK (which can be created by Unity3D editor or Unreal editor. You'll notice that I haven't done anything with OSigs.
Step 2: Invite Your Collaborators
In the above GIF, you'll notice that all I did was invite a user by email address and then add 2 members who I have already worked with on a different app. When your collaborators get the invitation email, they get a link to the Android mobile app. When they login or register with ConstructVR, we automate the OSig process for their specific device and then they can accept your invitation within the app and install your GearVR app. Simple!
As you can see with the above steps, all you really had to do is upload an APK and invite your team via email or username. When your teammates see the invitation email, they'll get a link that points to the Android Google Play Store. Once they download that, they can login, and accept your invitation to test your GearVR app.
Voila! No headaches!
ConstructVR provides simple and secure GearVR app distribution — it removes the pain of managing OSig files and automatically distributes new versions to your clients, customers, and testers.
Cheers,
Jaime Bueza
Co-founder, ConstructVR
Jaime Bueza is a Canadian entrepreneur and Y Combinator alumni. He has delivered software globally for over a decade to clients including Nintendo, Starbucks, Bacardi, Nike, Electronic Arts, Ritchie Brothers, Kiwi Collections, Cox Communications, Microsoft, and DELL. When he's not engaging with customers and clients, he's helping technology communities grow through open source and tech events.
TORONTO — Anti-sex-ed activists in Ontario have formed a new political party and are running candidates in the province's two ongoing byelections.
Queenie Yu, who ran as an independent candidate in the recent Scarborough-Rouge River byelection on a platform opposing the Liberal government's updated sex-ed curriculum, is behind the new party.
She is running as the Stop the New Sex Ed Agenda candidate in Niagara West-Glanbrook, while Elizabeth de Viel Castel is running as the party's candidate in Ottawa-Vanier. Those votes are set for Nov. 17.
The goal is not necessarily to win a seat, which is highly unlikely, but to send a message that opposition to the Liberal sex-ed curriculum is still alive, Yu said.
"Even though I'm not able to offer supporters a party that can form government, the point is that democracy isn't just about winning seats in the legislature, it's about being a voice for the public," she said.
"When you look at the Green party, they've never won a seat but people vote for them because of what they stand for."
The new curriculum included updates such as warnings about online bullying and sexting, but protesters have taken issue with discussions of same-sex marriage, masturbation and gender identity.
The issue dominated the Scarborough-Rouge River campaign after Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown's office released a letter promising that he would scrap the curriculum, then backtracked on it days later.
Brown angered social conservatives by eventually saying he supported the curriculum and the public split has left them looking for a new political home. But Yu believes her new party could also garner support from some who traditionally vote Liberal, such as people in the Chinese community.
"My new party isn't going to take away votes from any particular party, really, but many Progressive Conservative supporters, they no longer trust Patrick Brown, so they're looking for another party to support, but there are also many Chinese, for example, who normally vote Liberal, who would also vote for the party because the Chinese have traditional family values," Yu said.
During day four of the 2015 Power Tour with a stop in Memphis, Tennessee, 114 cars (Guinness has yet to officially confirm the record) smashed tires to pieces and proved once and for all who's the dominant force when it comes to burnouts. (Cue Hulk Hogan's I Am A Real American…) As per usual, lots of participants and spectators had their phones out and recorded the glorious attempt. Some even caught video from the drivers seat.Check out the stream of media coming in below as well as some of the first videos to hit youtube.
A video posted by HOT ROD Magazine (@hotrodmagazine) on Jun 9, 2015 at 10:07pm PDT
World's the biggest burnout with ma guy @gantkring #merica #powertour2015 A video posted by landon shemwell (@landon_shemwell) on Jun 9, 2015 at 4:05pm PDT
Ol' Red made the Guinness Book of World Records for largest burn out! #powertour2015 #Guinnessbook #olred A photo posted by Carin Adams Franks (@carinfranks) on Jun 9, 2015 at 3:50pm PDT
@hotrodmagazine #PowerTour2015 burnout record breaking video. A video posted by Royal Purple (@royal__purple) on Jun 9, 2015 at 3:28pm PDT
Starting the record breaking burnout @hotrodmagazine #PowerTour2015 #Memphis #HRPT2015 #killalltires A photo posted by Royal Purple (@royal__purple) on Jun 9, 2015 at 3:14pm PDT
The first two rows are full, the third is almost done. This #burnout record attempt is about to go off. #powertour2015 #smoke A photo posted by Brandan Gillogly (@brandang) on Jun 9, 2015 at 2:59pm PDT
The previous record was held by the Australians which they set earlier this year, New Years day to be exact. Held during Summernats, 103 cars lined up and broke the previous record, which was a measly 68 cars. The event organizers even threw together quite the video showcasing the record breaking attempt. It didn't become a matter of national pride until a plethora of Australian flags broke out. Then it was only a matter of time before someone on this side of the pond decided to set our own record, which we did by ten more cars, and one more for good measure. Check out the now defunct record attempt by the Aussies below.
A burnout is the practice of keeping a car stationary and spinning its wheels causing the tires to heat up and smoke. Burnouts do serve a practical purpose during drag racing, exposing a layer of fresh rubber that will more readily stick to the road upon launching. But more often than not, burnouts are just good ol' fashioned entertainment. Being home of the muscle car with a rich history of drag racing, you knew that we had to bring that record back homeWith news of this new record hitting the web, I'm sure the Australians are organizing their own attempt to take back that record as we speak.
ReadWriteReflect offers a look back at major technology trends, products and companies of the past year.
As the explosive trajectory of smartphones adoption approaches an asymptote, mobile apps are riding high. Once an unassuming term for a curious, smallish sort of phone program, the app is now king. It's almost impossible to now imagine otherwise.
In this mobile-first era, apps make headlines, precipitate stock slumps and altogether define an industry that didn't see them coming a mere six years ago when Apple released the App Store. Here is our list of the most important apps of 2013. These are not necessarily the fan favorites, but they were the headline drivers, movers and shakers that helped define the app economy in 2013 and beyond.
1. Snapchat (iOS/Android)
See also: Why Snapchat Is The Perfect App At The Perfect Time
Love it or hate it (or love to hate it), Snapchat captured one of the mobile Web's most fascinating pivots: the shift from archiving toward intentional ephemera. Snapchat forgoes Facebook's reign of the cohesive narrative in favor of brief, chaotic social snapshots that literally self destruct. The app is enough of a threat (or a fascination) to have piqued Facebook's interest to the tune of $3 billion, after all. Snapchat's moment may fade as quickly as one of its frenetic missives, but 2013 will always be remembered for the rise of the Snap.
2. Google Now (iOS/Android)
Comparing Google's predictive data brain to Siri is to sell it short. Google Now had its humble beginnings on Android back in 2012 (the Google search team was working on it in 2011 as well), but in 2013 the service sneaked onto the iPhone through the Google Search app. With progressive updates, Google Now just gets better and better, serving up flight updates, package tracking info and local suggestions before you even know you need them. Google thinks that Now is going to be the future of search, delivering you information before you realize that you need it. Adding that capability to just about every smartphone could be pretty big.
3. Nike+ Move (iPhone 5S)
The tide of wearable devices is nowhere near its crest, but apps aren't waiting around for hardware to catch up. Many mobile fitness mavens have already put the iPhone 5S's M7 motion coprocessor to good use. For more casual use, Nike+ Move provides an excellent snapshot of your daily habits. The app counts “NikeFuel,” Nike's own sort of fitness currency, rather than calories or steps, which makes it the perfect gateway app into fitness tech. More serious athletes should check out Strava Run, Nike+ Running, Argus, MyTracks by Google and RunKeeper to take it to the next level, no buggy wearable accessory required.
4. Word Lens (Google Glass)
Arguably the killer app for Google Glass, Word Lens translates foreign text into your native language right before your eyes—literally. For anyone brave enough to wear Glass on trips abroad, this app could revolutionize travel. (The rest of us can stick to Word Lens for our smartphones.)
5. Vine (iOS/Android)
See also: Twitter Cofounder Jack Dorsey Risks Life To Show Off Vine Video App
The buzz around Twitter's micro-video app didn't last very long into the year, but Vine's ultra-shareable 6-second micro-videos shook up the social app landscape nonetheless. It even prompted Instagram to branch into video, though we still think 15 seconds is 11 seconds too long.
6. Yahoo Weather (iOS/Android)
It might just be for checking the weather, but Yahoo's reinvented app manages to encapsulate everything about the big Y!'s Mayer-era makeover. Bright, fluid and playful, it's everything the old Yahoo's mobile presence wasn't. Remember back when Yahoo had literally 70 different apps? Yeah, those days are long gone.
7. Uber (iOS/Android)
Uber's been around, but it really only exploded into proper verb territory this year. (“Are you going to Uber home later?”) Uber allows user to summon a private car directly to their location. Uber translates digital ease into three dimensions in a way that only truly disruptive technology can. As controversial as it is useful, Uber has battled city governments and unions across the United States … and won. Uber is helping to change the definition of urban transportation. Its surge pricing is borderline scandalous and ReadWrite never got the kitten it was promised, but there's no denying that Uber made major waves in 2013.
8. If This Then That [IFTTT] (iOS, Android in the works)
It might not be a household name (yet), but IFTTT is the multitool of mobile. A playground for productivity nerds, IFTTT invites users to craft simple formulas that text you when it's about to rain, call you when the rent is due, back up your Instagram photos to Dropbox … and just about anything else you can think up.
9. Badland (iOS/Android)
Forget Candy Crush Saga and the Zyngaverse. Badland bucks the mindless, hyper-addictive model of generic mobile games in favor of an artful, strategic approach that oozes indie. Badland is a beautiful, brutal, exemplary entry that blows lesser minded games out of the water.
Honorable Mentions:
These apps may not have stirred the pot in 2013, but they kept improving on their already excellent groundwork. The picks on this list kept up with the quick clip of mobile in 2013 without straying too far from what makes them great.
Like any year-in-review list, ours is far from comprehensive. See something missing? Let us in on your killer app of 2013 in the comments.
Lead image: Nexus 5 by Dan Rowinski for ReadWrite
Archived News » Release 20170421
Posted by Oliver Brakmann at 2017-04-21 20:00 +0000
Almost to the day half a year after our last stable release, we are proud to finally present to you our latest work - OpenRA Release 20170421!
With 43 developers producing just shy of 800 commits and touching almost 1800 files, this has very likely been one of our slowest release cycles ever. As such, the list of user-visible changes is not as long as you've come to expect in earlier years. However, behind the scenes, preparations for a fundamental transformation of the OpenRA engine are in the works. But more on that later.
As usual, this new release brings with it changes to the balance of both the Red Alert and Tiberian Dawn mods, as well as a huge number of new and overhauled multiplayer maps. In addition, it contains the following major fixes and features:
HiDPI font rendering for players with high resolution displays.
Fixes for several multiplayer bugs that could stall or crash games when a player disconnects.
The Red Alert “shell map” background is now muted.
New behaviour for the Red Alert Gap Generator and Tiberian Dawn Obelisk.
Fixes for asset installation on 32-bit operating systems and from the original RA95 CDs.
The Dune 2000 mod in particular has many changes to make it better match the gameplay and graphical polish of the original game, plus seven(!) new campaign missions.
Comparing regular and high resolution UI rendering in the Tiberian Dawn map browser.
Dune 2000 now comes with 13 campaign missions.
The re-written shroud-generating behaviour of the gap generator in action.
The biggest changes in this release are behind the scenes; technical improvements that are not visible to players, but important for our development and modding community:
A new trait conditions system provides much better control over trait interactions.
Actor vision has been overhauled, adding support for features like the RA active gap generators, D2K actors revealing themselves when attacking, and cliffs blocking vision in heightmap-enabled mods.
Simplified weapon definitions using inherited yaml templates.
Some initial steps towards removing code patterns that are not compatible with save game support.
OpenRA grew out of the C&C modding community, and one of our major goals is to provide a flexible game engine that the community can use for their own projects. Unfortunately, this goal has been hurt by OpenRA's single-engine approach, meaning that every new release would unavoidably break community mods.
After many discussions, we have developed a new mod support strategy that we will implement over the next two OpenRA releases. This release starts by adding support for parallel OpenRA installs, and we have started developing a mod template that includes instructions and scripts to simplify mod development and packaging. Mods built using this template will be self contained games that function independently from our official mod installs.
The in-game multiplayer server list will now list games for all the mods that a player has installed (even across multiple installations), and will allow players to directly switch to another mod when joining one. This applies across versions as well as mods, meaning that future OpenRA releases will be able to coexist, and switching between release and playtest servers will be just as easy as switching between RA and TD servers today.
The multiplayer server list is now smarter about multiple OpenRA installations.
The next release (later this year) will complete the mod-support transition by removing the in-game mod chooser and support for manually installed mod packages: all mods (both official and community) will be listed individually with their own names and icons in your Start Menu / Dock / Launcher.
We hope these measures will give more visibility to third-party mods, and establish OpenRA as a viable and stable real-time strategy platform even for games not connected to the Command & Conquer universe.
For the complete list of changes please see the full changelog. You can find installers for all our supported operating systems on our download page.
We hope you'll enjoy this newest installment of OpenRA!
If you live in a city, your future apartment may be inside a parking garage. Yesterday, a team of designers from Savannah College of Art and Design (SCAD) unveiled prototypes of new studio apartments called SCADpads –tiny units that each fit inside a single parking space.
Why build in a garage? Overcrowded cities are struggling to find places to build affordable housing, and since fewer and fewer people are driving cars, maybe it's a natural step. Already, most parking garages are only used about half of the time, and they tend to be located near downtown areas, exactly where many people want to live.
“Parking decks are a building type that's often overlooked, but it may actually be the next frontier for adaptive reuse,” says Christian Sottile, dean of the SCAD School of Building Arts. “When we think about the impacts of demolition and reconstruction, we can either watch these existing assets sort of grind their way into obsolescence or we can enable them to evolve into other things.”
Over the last 10 months, dozens of students worked on every aspect of the design–from architecture, furniture, appliances, and textiles, to interactive features, like a smart lighting system that turns on lights automatically when someone comes home and dims when they're ready to go to sleep.
Each unit is fully equipped with a kitchen, bathroom, and a flexible living space that can be used for sleeping, eating, working, or play. “They're entirely self-sufficient–it's small living with no compromises,” Sottile says. The three prototypes, currently installed in a parking garage on the SCAD campus in Atlanta, were also designed with private outdoor spaces that take advantage of the parking deck's view of the city skyline.
The installation also includes a community garden, lit with a daylight-harvesting system installed on the roof, and a maker space where the apartment's occupants can 3-D print specific accessories for their new home. Three students will be testing them out by living in them for the next three months.
“SCADpad is designed by millennials for millennials,” says Sottile. “And that provides this really interesting laboratory for experimentation. You've got this enormous population group–78 million plus–and 88% of them want to be in an urban setting. Affordable, efficient housing is important to them, along with mobility, and not being tethered to a car, and having collaborative living environments.”
Mercy Lavinia Warren Stratton (née Bump, October 31, 1842 – November 25, 1919) was an American proportionate dwarf, who was a circus performer and the wife of General Tom Thumb. She was known for her appearance in one silent film, The Lilliputians Courtship (1915).
Early life [ edit ]
Warren was born at Middleborough, Massachusetts, as Mercy Lavinia Warren Bump, a descendant of a French Catholic family named Bonpasse, of Governor Thomas Mayhew, and five Mayflower passengers: John Billington, Francis Cooke, Edward Doty, Stephen Hopkins, and Richard Warren—New England families which intermarried many times over.
Lavinia and her younger sister Huldah Pierce Warren Bump had a form of proportionate dwarfism (considered to be desirable by sideshows and "museums" of that era owing to its perfectly miniaturized characteristics, with the same proportions as common larger people) caused by a pituitary disorder which seemingly occurs when close relatives (cousins) descended of identically replicating DNA (twins) produce offspring.
Lavinia's parents were 4th cousins, the mother being a 2nd-great-grandchild of married cousins, descended of a twin. The maternal 2nd-great-grandfather of Lavinia's father James Sullivan Bump, Medad Tupper born 1677, was a son of Thomas Tupper and Martha Mayhew. The paternal 2nd-great-grandfather of Lavinia's mother Huldah Pierce Warren, Ichabod Tupper born 1673 who married his cousin Mary Tupper born 1685, was a son of Thomas Tupper and Martha Mayhew. Thomas Tupper was born 16 January 1638 as a twin of Henry Tupper in Sandwich, Barnstable, Massachusetts.
Lavinia's family was a long-established and well-respected New England family. Her childhood was entirely normal for the time.
Performing career [ edit ]
After a successful career as a well-respected school teacher, which began at the age of 16, Lavinia went to work as a miniature dancing chanteuse upon a Mississippi showboat owned by a cousin. She enjoyed performing, learned of Tom Thumb's success, alongside the rest of the nation, and pursued a performing career as an adult. Under the management of showman P. T. Barnum, she changed her name from Mercy Lavinia Bumpus to Lavinia Warren, the stage name she had previously used while performing on the Mississippi River.
In February 1872 she visited England with her husband, sister and Commodore Nutt. They were photographed in Stonehouse, Plymouth, and all four signed the photograph.[1]
Personal life [ edit ]
Romantically pursued by the tiny entertainer Commodore Nutt, her affections belonged to General Tom Thumb from their first introduction. Lavinia met General Tom Thumb while working in P.T. Barnum's circus. Their wedding was one of the biggest events in nineteenth century New York. She was married in an elaborate ceremony to Tom Thumb on February 10, 1863 at Grace Episcopal Church and the wedding reception was held at the Metropolitan Hotel which included the couple greeting guests from atop the grand piano. Her sister Minnie Warren was her bridesmaid. While admission to the actual wedding was free, Barnum sold tickets to the reception for $75 each to the first five thousand to apply. After Lavinia and Tom were married they both got even more famous.
Lavinia and General Tom Thumb were living a life of luxury due to their fame, but this also came with some downsides. Lavinia and Tom were presented as childlike to the public by P.T. Barnum. This was an advertising strategy to make the audience feel sympathetic for them in order to sell more tickets. Though they were some of the most famous people in America at the time, due to the way they were presented, people treated them like children. Many people Lavinia met wanted to pet her and hold her. She wrote in her autobiography "It seemed impossible, to make people understand at first that I was not a child; that, being a woman, I had the womanly instinct of shrinking from a form of familiarity which in the case of a child of my size would have been as natural as it was permissible."[2] Even though Lavinia was not extremely fond of how she was viewed by the public, she still continued to perform. Since Lavinia's life revolved around her presence in the media, she once said "I belong to the public."[3]
Together, Tom Thumb and Lavinia Warren became famous, perhaps the most famous public personages of the 1860s. President Abraham Lincoln and his wife provided a reception for the new couple at the White House. Tiffany and Co. gave a silver coach to the couple. They amassed and spent a fortune over the course of their life together which would have made them millionaires by today's standards. They had no actual children, though they did pretend to in the public eye (pictured). Minnie, who grew to be 27 inches (69 cm) high, also married a little person in P.T. Barnum's employ: Major Edward Newell. She became pregnant with a normal-sized child, but excitement was cut short by tragedy on July 23, 1878 when Minnie and her 6 pounds (2.7 kg)-baby died during the birthing. Several years later, Lavinia and her husband stayed at Newhall House in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and were narrowly rescued by their friend and manager, Sylvester Bleeker, from what had been referred to as "one of the worst hotel fires in American history." Within 6 months, on July 15, 1883, her husband suddenly died at age 45 of a stroke.
The apparent baby of Lavinia Stratton and her husband General Tom Thumb
Two years after her husband's death, Lavinia married an Italian dwarf, Count Primo Magri, and they operated a famous roadside stand in Middleborough, Massachusetts. At age 73, she appeared alongside Count Magri in a 1915 silent film, The Lilliputian's Courtship.
Death [ edit ]
Warren died on November 25, 1919 at the age of 77 and is buried next to her first husband with a simple gravestone that reads: "His Wife."
See also [ edit ]
Middleborough Historical Museum, which exhibits a large collection of Lavinia Warren memorabilia
Politics
George W. Bush might be the most successful socialist in American history. His administration has engineered the greatest increase in entitlement and discretionary spending since FDR. His deficits amount to the largest tax increase in recent history. His domestic response to 9-11 was the Transportation Safety Administration, the greatest increase in federal bureaucracy and payrolls in a generation. His Ted-Kennedy-authored education bill is the greatest expansion of federal power over education ever. His economic stimulus solution was to send “rebate” checks to people that don't even pay taxes — the most direct transfer of wealth I've ever seen.
His solution to the mortgage crisis was to nationalize much of the mortgage industry, to forcefully deliver one bank to another at a government-determined price, and to buy 79.9% of AIG, the world's largest insurance firm with $80 billion in public funds. Now his crew of economic megalomaniacs have moved to bail out the nation's incompetent bankers by using nearly a trillion dollars of taxpayer money to buy from them their worst investments – lest their losses lead to a recession.
There is no recession on Earth that can do as much damage to our nation's fundamental economic structure as this proposed bailout. A recession usually lasts only a year or two. But history shows us that he expansion of federal power lasts forever. Nearly 80 years after The Great Depression ended, Washington, D.C. is still full agencies created to save us from it. What Bush offers to protect us from now is the free market itself. How does he propose we get that back once he sets the precedent of government forcing the taxpayers to eat any unpleasant corporate losses?
Clearly, Bush has the ego of a liberal. He believes the American system cannot exist without his constant personal intervention. He has met every crisis with a huge government plan that he believes can fix the problem because it is his plan. Confidence in the resiliency of the American nation to exist just fine through his inaction is totally lacking. The man was as clearly born into the wrong party as Lincoln Chafee.
Bush believes only his quick, expansive and heavy-handed action can save the great banks and the little man (or is that his place in history is trying to save?). A similar belief in their own indispensability extends to his economic underlings, Paulson and Bernanke. Paulson has called the current bank (profit) crisis “embarrassing.” The most embarrassing thing about it is Paulson and his eager willingness to destroy 250 years of American capitalist precedent to avoid two quarters of negative growth — in other words, a recession. And only a fool would believe that recessions (or even just this recession) can be avoided if we just let the government take over.
Do we really want to live in a country in which government owns the important businesses and protects them from competition, external change, and their own gross stupidity?
If we allow this to occur, what exactly will be left for us to make fun of about France?
This economic crisis is no different in character than any other. It may prove larger in scope than most, but it will not consume all banks, and those that made better decisions will survive and replace the less well run. 5 or 10 years from now, America will be better off for the catharsis. Unless, that is, we fall prey to the temptation to scrap all our principles and sell our economic patrimony to avoid a temporary brush with recession.
It would be better for all of Wall Street to fail than for us to accept Bush's expansive bailout plan –which amounts to borrowing money to give away to lenders. Are we really such a fragile bunch that we seek to be immune to occasional hard times?
I hope not. But it doesn't look good.
When a Republican President leads the charge toward bigger government, what party is left to defend limited government? A big-government Republican is far more dangerous than a big-government Democrat — because he can expand government almost without organized opposition.
If there is any instinct toward limited government left in the GOP, it had better express itself now in opposition to the strange oligarchical socialism that is being rushed through Congress in the name of stopping the unstoppable: economics.
If the choice is bailout or recession, I choose recession. In the long run, America can survive that just fine.
The Good and the Ugly Aspects of Christian Homeschooling – views from insiders (Friday, July 12, 2013)
Homeschooling has become an increasingly popular option in the United States and is particularly appealing to fundamentalist Christian parents. By 1992, homeschooling was recognized as a legal option in every state.
This episode of the Freethought Fridays and Variety Show with Al and Deborah focuses on Christian homeschooling – from the perspectives of young adults who were homeschooled as children and from parents who advocate homeschooling.
Topics will include:
A history of the homeschooling movement;
The 2009 Men's Leadership Summit that emphasized “the necessity of patriarchy” and other issues about female submissiveness;
Christian nationalism and history revisionist David Barton's involvement in the Christian homeschooling movement;
Escape from secularism: Homeschool ideologies and literature;
Creation “science” taught in the Christian homeschooling environment;
Perspectives from parents; and
What it's like to be LGBT in Christian homeschooling.
We'll also take a look at Homeschoolers Anonymous' fight against abuse (see the petition on Change.org).
A stellar panel of guests will share their experiences and insight on Christian homeschooling. We're also pleased to announce that VYCKIE GARRISON, founder of No Longer Quivering, will be our special “honorary co-host.” Our panel includes:
Ryan Stollar – Extraordinary Debater and Co-Founder of Homeschoolers Anonymous.
Ryan spent his high school years as a speech and debate competitor in the HSLDA-created National Christian Forensics and Communications Association and was one of the original student leaders for Communicators for Christ (CFC), now the Institute for Cultural Communicators (ICC). His coaching experiences in homeschool debate include lecturing and training thousands of students across the nation with CFC conferences, at a HSLDA National Leadership Retreat at Liberty University, at Cedarville University, the University of Oregon, the Training Minds Ministry Debate Camp in Colorado, and others.
“Homeschoolers Anonymous is made up of a diverse group of people. We don't really have a ‘thing' that we all agree on other than this: we have seen or experienced harm within the conservative Christian homeschooling movement and we think those stories should be told. The truth should be known,” Stollar writes.
Kathryn Brightbill – Law School Student – The Youngest Republican Precinct Committeewoman.
Kathryn was homeschooled from the start of formal schooling in 1st grade through graduation from high school. She is the second of four children and the first in her family to be homeschooled all the way through school. Growing up in a politically active family, at one time Kathryn was the youngest ever precinct committeewoman elected to her county Republican Executive Committee. She has a B.A. in Information and Computer Science from Covenant College, a graduate certificate in Teaching English as a Foreign Language and Intercultural Studies from Wheaton College, and is in the process of studying for her J.D. at the University of Florida Levin College of Law. Prior to law school, Kathryn dabbled in several different fields, including spending time on the English faculty at the Diplomatic Academy of Vietnam in Hanoi, VN, where she taught reading and writing for international relations to foreign affairs students. While in law school she was asked to assist in researching an amicus brief in the Perry and Windsor US Supreme Court cases, including coauthoring a survey examining the experiences of LGBT youth and young adults. She's still not quite sure what she wants to be when she grows up, but she thinks it will be working in Intellectual Property law.
Nicholas Ducote, Author and Co-Founder & Community Coordinator at Homeschoolers Anonymous.
Nicholas grew up in a home school family immersed in an array of local, state, and national homeschooling movements – namely CHEF of Louisiana in elementary and ATI in middle school and high school. After high school, he worked at Bobby Jindal's congressional office. He attended his first Communicators for Christ conference (CFC) in 2003, and credits home school speech and debate for kindling his passion for teaching. This passion inspired him to share the values of inquiry and critical thinking. He toured with CFC from 2006-2007 and, in college, he taught debate in Jordan and Afghanistan – helping to organize the first internationally-sanction debate tournament in Kabul. He had a fellowship with the National Center for Policy Analysis, a free market think tank in 2009, and spent the summer in Washington, D.C. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and his Master of Arts in History from Louisiana Tech University and has been a contributing writer to Gen Why Press. He is in the final stages of publishing his first book, a work of history profiling the Hunt family and their influence on lumber development in North Louisiana.
Sarah Jones – Journalist and Activist.
Sarah is an independent journalist and researcher with specializations in social movements, postcolonial theory, and religion. She has presented work on these topics at the London School of Economics and Florida Atlantic University and holds a Master of Arts in Postcolonial Culture and Global Policy from Goldsmiths, University of London. She is also a 2011 graduate of Cedarville University, and blogs regularly about her experiences as a former homeschooler and ex-Christian fundamentalist. Though raised in the religious right, Sarah now considers herself agnostic and is a feminist activist.
Heather Doney – Quiverfull Daughter & Social Justice Advocate.
Heather is one of the creators of Homeschooling's Invisible Children. Heather is the eldest in a family of 10 children, more daughters than sons, now ranging in age from 10-30. She was homeschooled until the age of 13 by evangelical Christian parents whose beliefs and lifestyle can be best described as Quiverfull/patriarchal (although those weren't the words they'd use to label themselves). They lived in poverty in south Louisiana and there was considerable abuse and neglect in their crowded home, including poor hygiene, occasional food insecurity, a lack of medical care, and almost no formal education. They were physically disciplined in an often violent and unpredictable manner, generally with a belt or a wooden stick, for disobedience and mistakes. They were also socially isolated and told demons and the devil were lurking behind the actions of unbelievers, both strangers and their neighbors and relatives, waiting to pounce. Somehow she found the strength and desperation to rebel and seek outside help. Due to an intervention by both sets of grandparents, she and her siblings were hurriedly “caught up” as much as possible, given a few basic resources and “normal” experiences, then sent to public school in 1998. She went into 9th grade at a medium-sized public high school and after overcoming some bullying and culture shock, found a profound appreciation for education and people in general. Heather now has a masters degree in public policy from Brandeis University and works and volunteers on social justice related issues.
Julie Anne Smith – Homeschooling parent and advocate for victims of spiritual abuse.
Julie Anne's first site was BGBCSurvivors.blogspot.com. She began that blog in Feb. 2012 after noticing that the Google reviews she had posted of her former church were being removed. Days after the commencement of her blog, she received a legal summons suing her and three others for defamation to the tune of $500,000. She believes that stories of spiritual abuse need to be told, as people are being hurt emotionally and spiritually by pastors who use bully tactics and people need a place to learn, to talk freely, and to heal. On July 26, 2012, her case was dismissed and she won. In addition to blogging about spiritual abuse, Julie Anne also writes about dangerous trends in the homeschooling movement from her perspective as a 20+ yr homeschooling parent.
Show Time: Friday night, July 12, 2013, 6 Pacific / 7 Mountain / 8 Central / 9 Eastern (Additional time conversions at the World Time Server).
Call-In Number: 914-338-0452 or toll-free, 888-238-8529 (or, when show is live, simply push the SKYPE button that appears on the show page…see “how it works” below)
To hear the show live and participate in the web-based chat room: http://www.blogtalkradio.com/god-discussion/2013/07/13/the-goo-an-the-ugly-aspects-of-christian-homeschooling
How it works … When you visit the show page (linked immediately above), the podcast will automatically play out of your computer speakers when it is live. A SKYPE button will also appear that you can simply press and connect with the host (if you have Skyped, that is). A web-based chatroom will be running contemporaneously with the show, where you can post questions and comments. To use the SKYPE feature and to participate in the chat room, you will need a free BlogTalk listener account (click the “Register as a Listener” option).
Upcoming shows: Look at the events at the top of this page or visit our “At–A-Glance” calendar.
village
Llanfairpwllgwyngyll or Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll (pronounced [ɬanˌvair puɬˈɡwɨ̞nɡɨ̞ɬ]) is a large village and local government community on the island of Anglesey in Wales. It is situated on the Menai Strait next to the Britannia Bridge and across the strait from Bangor. Both shortened (Llanfairpwll or Llanfair PG) and lengthened (Llanfair­pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goch) forms of the placename are used in various contexts.
At the 2001 census, the population of the community was 3,040,[3] 76% of whom spoke the Welsh language (Cymraeg) fluently; the highest percentage of speakers were in the 10–14 age group, where 97% spoke Welsh.[citation needed] By the time of the 2011 Census the population had increased to 3,107, of whom 71% were able to speak Welsh.[4] It is the sixth largest settlement on the island by population.
The long form of the name, with 58 characters, is the longest place name in Europe and the second longest official one-word place name in the world.[5] Although this name is generally stated to have been invented in the 1860s for promotional purposes, a similarly lengthy version was recorded as early as 1849.[6]
History [ edit ]
There has been human activity and settlement in the area of the village since the Neolithic era (4000–2000 BC), with subsistence agriculture and fishing the most common occupations for much of its early history. The island of Anglesey was at that point reachable only by boat across the Menai Strait. A largely destroyed, collapsed dolmen can be found from this period in the parish, located at Ty Mawr north of the present-day church; early Ordnance Survey maps show a long cairn on the site.[7] The probable remains of a hillfort, with a fragmentary bank and ditch, were recorded on an outcrop known as Craig y Ddinas.[8]
The area was briefly invaded and captured by the Romans under Gaius Suetonius Paulinus, temporarily abandoned in order to consolidate forces against Boudicca, then held until the end of Roman Britain.
With the withdrawal of the Roman forces, the area fell under the control of the early medieval Kingdom of Gwynedd. There has probably been a small Christian religious site, perhaps a monastic cell, here since the 7th century. [9] Surveys of the later medieval period show that the tenants of the township of Pwllgwyngyll, as it was then known, held a total of 9 bovates of land from the Bishop of Bangor under the feudal system.[10] A church was built during the medieval period and dedicated to Mary, probably under Norman influence: the building, later demolished and replaced by a Victorian-era church, was unusual in having a semi-circular apse, a feature more usually associated with cathedrals. [11] Despite religious activity, the rural nature of the settlement meant that the parish had a population of only around 80 in 1563.
Much of the land was absorbed into the Earldom of Uxbridge, which later became the Marquisate of Anglesey, and was subject to enclosures. In 1844, for example, 92% of the land in Llanfairpwll was owned by just three individuals. The population of the parish reached 385 by 1801.
In 1826, Anglesey was connected to the rest of Wales by the construction of the Menai Suspension Bridge by Thomas Telford, and connected with London in 1850 with the building of the Britannia Bridge and the busy North Wales Coast railway line, which connected the rest of Great Britain to the ferry port of Holyhead. The old village, known as Pentre Uchaf ("upper village") was joined by new development around the railway station, which became known as Pentre Isaf, the "lower village".
The first meeting of the Women's Institute took place in Llanfairpwll in 1915, and the movement (which began in Canada) then spread through the rest of the British Isles.[12]
Placename and etymology [ edit ]
The long form of the name is the longest place name in the United Kingdom and one of the longest in the world at 58 characters (51 "letters" since "ch" and "ll" are digraphs, and are treated as single letters in the Welsh language).
Literally translated, the name means: [The] church of [St.] Mary (Llanfair) [of the] pool (pwll)[13] of the white hazels (gwyn gyll) near [lit. "over against"] (go ger) the rapid whirlpool (y chwyrn drobwll) [and] the church of [St.] Tysilio (Llantysilio) of the red cave (-ogo[f] goch). The latter element has also been translated as "the cave of St Tysilio the Red".[14]
The parish, and village itself, was originally known as Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll: this form of the name is still often used. Pwllgwyngyll, "the pool of the white hazels",[15] was the original name of the medieval township within whose boundaries the present-day village lies:[16] Pwllgwyngyll was one of two townships making up the parish, the other being Treforion. Its name was first recorded as Piwllgunyl in an ecclesiastical valuation conducted in the 1250s for the Bishop of Norwich:[17] the suffixing of the township name to that of the church would have served to distinguish the church from the many other sites dedicated to Mary in Wales. The parish name was recorded as Llanfair y Pwllgwyngyll (y = "(of) the") as far back as the mid 16th century, in Leland's Itinerary.
Longer versions of the name are thought to have first been used in the 19th century in an attempt to develop the village as a commercial and tourist centre (see below). The village is, however, still signposted Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, marked on Ordnance Survey maps as Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll and the railway station is officially named Llanfairpwll, a form used by local residents. The name is also shortened to Llanfair PG, sufficient to distinguish it from other places in Wales called Llanfair.
19th century renaming [ edit ]
Illustration of a sign showing the name and English translation
Postmark from the village
The long name was supposedly contrived in 1869 as an early publicity stunt to give the station the longest name of any railway station in Britain.[18] According to Sir John Morris-Jones the name was created by a local tailor, whose name he did not confide, letting the secret die with him.[19][20] This form of the name adds a reference to the whirlpool in the Menai Strait known as the Swellies and to the small chapel of St. Tysilio, located on a nearby island.[21] The final -gogogoch ("red cave") is supposed to have been an addition inspired by the Cardiganshire parish of Llandysiliogogo, rather than by any local features.
The true originator and date of the longer version of the name is less certain, however: an ecclesiastical directory published several years before the claimed renaming gives what it calls the "full" parish name in the slightly differing form of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerbwlltysiliogogo ("St Mary's church of the pool of the white hazels over against the pool of St Tysilio Gogo [Tysilio of the cave]"),[15] while exactly the same form appears in an paper on placenames published in 1849, its author noting that "the name was generally abridged" by locals.[6] While the addition regarding the Swellies is supposed only to have been made in the 1860s, early 19th century guidebooks had already suggested a derivation of the element "pwllgwyngyll" from pwll, gwyn and gwyll ("gloomy raging pool"), in reference to the Swellies.[22]
The current postmark shows the name Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, but there are contemporary examples of the longer name seen below.
Pronunciation [ edit ]
The sign at the railway station gives an approximation of the correct pronunciation for English speakers.
James Pringle Weavers shop with English translation of the name
The long name of the village is pronounced [ˌɬanvair­pʊɬˌɡwɨ̞ŋɡɨ̞ɬ­ɡɔˌɡɛrə­ˌχwərn­ˌdrɔbʊɬ­ˌɬan­təˌsɪljɔ­ˌɡɔɡɔ­ˈɡoːχ] ().[23]
The ch is a voiceless uvular fricative [χ] or voiceless velar fricative as in "Bach" ([bax]: see ach-Laut) in most varieties of German. The ll is a voiceless lateral fricative [ɬ], a sound that does not occur in English.
In popular culture [ edit ]
The name was submitted to Guinness World Records as the longest word to appear in a published cryptic crossword, having been used by compiler Roger Squires in 1979. The clue was "Giggling troll follows Clancy, Larry, Billy and Peggy who howl, wrongly disturbing a place in Wales (58)", where all but the last five words formed an anagram.[24]
The computer game Civilization V awards the "Longest. Name. Ever." Steam achievement to players for having a city named Llanfairpwllgwyngyll.[25]
Climate [ edit ]
Climate data for Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, 1961–1990, Altitude: 15 metres above mean sea level Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °C (°F) 16
(61) 17
(63) 22
(72) 24
(75) 28
(82) 29
(84) 31
(88) 34
(93) 27
(81) 25
(77) 18
(64) 17
(63) 34
(93) Average high °C (°F) 7.7
(45.9) 8.0
(46.4) 9.7
(49.5) 12.1
(53.8) 15.2
(59.4) 17.9
(64.2) 19.4
(66.9) 19.3
(66.7) 17.4
(63.3) 14.6
(58.3) 10.5
(50.9) 8.7
(47.7) 13.4
(56.1) Daily mean °C (°F) 5.2
(41.4) 5.1
(41.2) 6.6
(43.9) 8.5
(47.3) 11.3
(52.3) 14.0
(57.2) 15.7
(60.3) 15.6
(60.1) 13.9
(57.0) 11.5
(52.7) 7.8
(46.0) 6.1
(43.0) 10.1
(50.2) Average low °C (°F) 2.6
(36.7) 2.2
(36.0) 3.4
(38.1) 4.9
(40.8) 7.4
(45.3) 10.1
(50.2) 11.9
(53.4) 11.9
(53.4) 10.4
(50.7) 8.3
(46.9) 5.0
(41.0) 3.5
(38.3) 6.8
(44.2) Record low °C (°F) −9
(16) −8
(18) −7
(19) −3
(27) −1
(30) 2
(36) 5
(41) 4
(39) 1
(34) −1
(30) −4
(25) −8
(18) −9
(16) Average rainfall mm (inches) 107
(4.2) 72
(2.8) 85
(3.3) 65
(2.6) 65
(2.6) 68
(2.7) 74
(2.9) 95
(3.7) 98
(3.9) 120
(4.7) 130
(5.1) 123
(4.8) 1,102
(43.3) Average rainy days (≥ 0.2 mm) 19.7 15.0 18.9 14.1 18.9 13.7 13.1 15.1 15.8 18.7 19.5 19.5 202 Average snowy days 2.9 3.1 1.7 0.7 0.1 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.4 1.6 10.5 Mean monthly sunshine hours 49.6 73.5 105.4 153.0 195.3 183.0 173.6 164.3 126.0 93.0 57.0 40.3 1,414 Sources: Met Office[26]
Climate data for Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, 1961–1990, Altitude: 15 metres above mean sea level Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Average rainy days (≥ 1.0 mm) 15.6 11.2 13.0 10.4 10.9 10.3 9.4 11.7 12.3 15.0 15.7 15.1 150.6 Source: Met Office[26]
Climate data for Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, 1961–1990, Altitude: 15 metres above mean sea level Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Average rainy days (≥ 10.0 mm) 2.5 1.7 2.0 1.5 1.2 1.6 2.2 2.7 2.8 3.4 3.8 3.5 28.9 Source: Met Office[26]
Notable people [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Drought in Australia; an end to drought in Brazil; poor crops across Asia; record global temperatures. If you start hearing about these in the next year, remember this news from the week:
El Niño is back.
That's the word from scientists who have been watching the tropical Pacific. Surface temperatures there are going up, winds are shifting and that could mean big weather-related changes around the world over the next year or so.
El Niño is part of a climate cycle in the tropical Pacific known as the El Niño Southern Oscillation; it flips back and forth every few years between the cool La Niña and the warm El Niño phases. In the El Niño phase, ocean surface temperatures rise, easterly trade winds along the equator slow or even reverse and the planet in general tends to warm up.
Scientists expected El Niño last year, but it was a no-show. But this year, American researchers reported in March that a weak El Niño had finally set in. Now Japanese and Australian scientists say it's definitely here, and likely to be much bigger than the American predictions — with global implications.
Maps of typical jet stream locations and patterns during La Niña (left) and El Niño (right) winters. Patterns are similar in spring, but are often weaker. Based on original graphics from NOAA's Climate Prediction Center. Credit: NOAA
In parts of Brazil, it could mean a lot more rain — which could be a good thing, with other parts of the country in the midst of a wrenching drought. In Australia, the effect may well be the opposite: drier and hotter weather in many areas, possibly exacerbating existing water shortages.
That heating and drying out could stretch from Australia all the way around to eastern Africa and southern Asia, possibly cutting into harvests of key crops like rice, soybeans, corn and palm oil from India to China to Indonesia.
In the United States, El Niño often brings rain to California and the South, raising hopes that a return this year would bring drought relief to the parched West Coast. That seemed unlikely when scientists identified the weak El Niño in March, figuring it would be too small to have much of an impact. But the prospects for substantial rain could be improved with the revised forecast.
Meanwhile, the global forecast is for higher overall temperatures, quite possibly even a record.
Until last year, the hottest year on record was 1998, which saw a big El Niño. After that, the next warmest was 2010, another El Niño year. Last year broke both of those records by a hair, which was a bit of a surprise — and a concern to many, because it wasn't an El Niño year.
But with the overall temperature trend sharply up — the 10 hottest years on record have all come since 1998 — scientists are anticipating that the warmth contributed by El Niño may well bring another new global record, and perhaps put to rest the contention by climate change deniers that global temperatures have plateaued.
UPDATED: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that São Paulo was the capital of Brazil. Brasília is the capital of Brazil.
New stats out on women with graduate degrees are, quite simply, depressing.
The percentage of graduate students in economics who are women is down to 11% from a high of 16% in the 1990s, according to a new study by Wendy Stock and John Siegfried. What's more, those who do make it to the end of a PhD program still face pitfalls. From the study (pdf):
For males, getting married within the first five years after graduation was associated with a 25 percent salary growth premium relative to other males. For females, however, getting married was associated with a 23 percent salary growth penalty relative to other females, perhaps reflecting compromises incurred in a two-career job search.
Basically, the research suggests that married women tend to compromise their careers and married men don't, and that is reflected in their salaries. Lydia DePillis writes that this could mean that women are moving or making compromises for the sake of their husbands' careers, or it could mean that women tend to make sacrifices related to having children more than men do. The academic system isn't designed to accommodate life-work balance before tenure.
Take, for example, Maya Sapiurka. She's in a science PhD program, not econ, but she writes very clearly about the compromises she and her colleagues are forced to make. Scientists in academia, she writes, have their livelihood based on securing grants to pay for research, the most prestigious of which come from the National Institutes of Health. To encourage scientists to branch out, the NIH has a tacit rule that it won't award grants to scientists who do research at the same university where they did their graduate work. Here's Sapiurka:
This sounds well-intentioned, but packing up after over five years of study and moving to a new city for a few years isn't always possible. The students I've spoken to who have been disproportionately affected by this unspoken rule are women with families. They are scientists who finished their doctoral degrees while having children and who cannot or will not pick up their families to move to a new city for what may be only a year or two of training before moving to the next lab. All of them are working on substantially different projects in new labs. But because they've remained at the same university, they are cut off from the grants that would be most helpful to their careers and their futures.
For women, the academic system rubs directly against biology. The average PhD student graduates at 33 — right about the time fertility starts to drop off for women. Men can wait until they get tenure at 40 to think about having children. For women it's much more difficult.
This isn't a new idea. Sarah Gibbard Cook wrote a pretty thorough rundown of the problem of the “leaky academic pipeline” for women back in 2004. But Stock and Siegfried suggest that this is not just about women leaking out of the tenure track. The study also takes into account PhDs who went into industry, which Sapiurka considers the more flexible option.
This all leads me to a somewhat unsubstantiated theory: the more education you get, the more of a marriage/childbearing penalty you are likely to see. The years in which you would otherwise be building up the seniority to mitigate the career setback that inevitably accompanies having children are instead spent in school.
JDs and MBAs also have huge gender pay gaps (see Claudia Goldin's new paper, also presented last weekend at the AEA). Both are higher education degrees that people usually get after working for a couple of years, putting most graduates in their late twenties, and many around over 30. Like academics, young female JDs and MBAs are still green — and expected to be flexible and available in their careers — when they are confronted with the impending decline of their fertility. Therefore their sacrifices count more. It seems to me to be a much bigger risk to take maternity leave, or need to leave the office at 5pm, two years into your career as opposed to eight or ten years in.
As a result, I don't think we should only be talking about the marriage penalty. We should be talking about the education penalty, and what that says about us as a society.
Image: REUTERS/Jim Bourg
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The daughter of former Republican presidential candidate John McCain has joined the board of gay advocacy charity GLAAD.
Meghan McCain was named to the media charity's board of directors today, appointed alongside two others.
Her father, Arizona Senator John McCain, ran for president in 2008 with Sarah Palin as his running mate, but eventually lost to Barack Obama.
Sentor McCain has a long history of opposing rights for same-sex couples, co-sponsoring the federal Defence of Marriage Act, which banned recognition of same-sex marriages until it was repealed last year, and fighting attempts to repeal of the military's ‘Don't Ask Don't Tell' policy.
Last year, after a number of other Republican senators softened their positions, he said: “I respect anyone else's decision and we all learn in life and grow and mature.
“I have changed my position on other issues in my life, but on this one, I had not contemplated changing my position.”
Despite her father's views, Meghan McCain has advocated for same-sex marriage through her work as a TV pundit, though joking it was a “bitch” to be a pro-gay marriage Republican.
GLAAD President Sarah Kate Ellis said in a statement: “Equality is no longer a partisan issue.
“For years, Meghan McCain has lent her voice and platform to spreading messages of acceptance across party lines.
“Now, as the American south and our heartland move closer to LGBT equality, it's critical that we continue to build the bridges that unite us in our common ground – whether you're republican or democrat, gay or straight.”
In December, Senator McCain's former running mate Sarah Palin admitted to defending a Duck Dynasty star's anti-gay rant without even reading his comments.
One inconvenience about composting is that its generally a good idea to keep the compost bin away from the house. This keeps away potential vermin, flies and smells. The downside to keeping the compost bin out back is that it would require multiple daily trips to it without the use of an intermediate compost storage bin.
Since the storage bin would ideally be located in the kitchen where the scraps are being produced it should be small enough to remain hidden and out of the way. However, the bin should also be big enough to hold about 5 days worth of scraps. Ideally the scraps also get oxygen to keep away smells produced from Anaerobic bacteria.
Finally, any storage bin should keep out those pesky little fruit flies which somehow always manage to find their way into your house no matter what you do!
(This instructable originally found from material on my blog http://greentheo.scroggles.com/)
People browsing at the Lincoln Center store on Monday lamented the loss of one of the city's largest and most prominent bookstores, a sprawling space with a cafe on the fourth floor and an enormous music selection. For devoted theatergoers, it was a reliable site for readings and events that focused on the performing arts. (Still on the fall schedule are appearances by Patti LuPone and Elaine Paige.)
Photo
But many of those same people conceded that they have not bought as many books there as they did in the past. Some said they were more likely to browse the shelves, then head home and make purchases online. Others said they prized the store most for its sunny cafe or its magazines and other nonbook items.
“Oh, I really am sad,” said Lillian Kelly, a 70-year-old retiree, upon hearing the news that the store would close. “I love buying my greeting cards here.”
Ms. Kelly said she visited the store at least twice a week, usually heading upstairs to read magazines and to pick up a sandwich and cup of Starbucks coffee.
“They're getting business out of me, I suppose,” she said. “Even though I'm sitting there reading magazines for free.”
Roger Hawkins, a former television news producer who was busy e-mailing on his laptop in the cafe, said he had been a Barnes & Noble member, giving him additional discounts on purchases, but let his membership lapse after he started buying audiobooks online instead. “There are other reasons that people come to this bookstore,” Mr. Hawkins said. “You don't have park benches on the street anymore. It's hard to find a place where you can sit down and have a cup of coffee.”
At the store's entrance on Broadway, a steady stream of customers pushed through the revolving doors. A teenager in a turquoise T-shirt walked out, scarfing down a scone, but with no books in his hand. A couple from Tennessee paused outside the store, but decided to wander down the block to the Lincoln Square movie theater instead.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Melissa Rosati, an adjunct professor of publishing at Pace University, said she bought nearly everything online but came to the store on Monday to spend a $25 gift card on “The Tipping Point” by Malcolm Gladwell.
Photo
“It's not like I'm going to miss it that much,” she said. “There's another Barnes & Noble on 82nd and Broadway” (the one known for helping put the beloved independent bookstore across the street from it, Shakespeare & Company, out of business 14 years ago).
Ms. Keating, the Barnes & Noble spokeswoman, said a search was under way for a new location on the Upper West Side, but she declined to provide details.
Two other Barnes & Noble stores in Manhattan, one on Astor Place and one in Chelsea, have closed in the last three years. But Barnes & Noble still has the huge store at 82nd Street, and in July 2009, it opened a 50,000-square-foot superstore at 86th Street and Lexington Avenue.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
One result of the book chain's uncertain year may be that much of the old animosity toward Barnes & Noble, once seen by some residents as a corporate bully that helped squash small, independent bookstores, has lately been replaced with affection.
Monica Blum, the president of the Lincoln Square Business Improvement District, said she detected a change in the way people viewed big bookstores.
“It is a community gathering space,” Ms. Blum said. “I think the larger bookstores have worked hard to become those kinds of spaces.”
Dora Schulman, a shoe saleswoman who has lived in the neighborhood since the 1960s, left clutching a CD. “It's a pity,” she said. “All the stores on my route are closing — first Tower Records, then Blockbuster, now this.”
In the ninth year of the Hijrah, an 'Arab king made the first positive moves to Islam after years of feeling hatred for it. He drew closer to faith (iman) after opposing arid combating it. And he finally pledged allegiance to the Prophet, peace be on him, after his adamant refusal to do so.
He was Adiy, son of the famous Hatim at-Ta'iy who was known far and wide for his chivalry and fabulous generosity. Adiy inherited the domain of his father and was confirmed in the position by the Ta'iy people. Part of his strength lay in the fact that a quarter of any amount they obtained as booty from raiding expeditions had to be given to him.
When the Prophet announced openly his call to guidance and truth and Arabs from one region after another accepted his teachings, Adiy saw in his mission a threat to his position and leadership. Although he did not know the Prophet personally, and had never seen him, he developed strong feelings of enmity towards him. He remained antagonistic to Islam for several years until at last God opened his heart to the religion of truth and guidance.
The way in which 'Adly became a Muslim is a remarkable story and he is perhaps the best person to relate it. He said:
"There was no man among the Arabs who detested God's Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, more than I, when I heard about him. I was then a man of status and nobility. I was a Christian. From my people I took a fourth of their booty as was the practice of other 'Arab kings.
When I heard of the Messenger of God, peace be on him, I hated him. When his mission grew in strength and when his power increased and his armies and expeditionary forces dominated east and west of the land of Arabs, I said to a servant of mine who looked after my camels:
'Get ready a fat camel for me which is easy to ride and tether it close to me. If you hear of an army or an expeditionary force of Muhammad coming towards this land, let me know.'
One evening, my servant came to me and said:
'Yd Mawlayal! What you intended to do on the approach of Muhammad's cavalry to your land, do it now.'
'Why? May your mother lose you!'
'I have seen scouts searching close to the habitations. I asked about them and was told that they belonged to the army of Muhammad,' he said.
'Bring the camel which I had ordered you to get ready.' I said to him. I got up then and there, summoned my household (including) my children and ordered them to evacuate the land we loved. We headed in the direction of Syria to join people of our own faith among the Christians and settle among them.
We left in too much haste for me to gather together our entire household. When I took stock of our situation, I discovered that part of my family was missing. I had left my own sister in our Najd homelands together with the rest of the Ta'iy people. I did not have any means to return to her. So I went on with those who were with me until I reached Syria and took up residence there among people of my own religion. As for my sister, what I feared for her happened.
News reached me while I was in Syria that the forces of Muhammad entered our habitations and took my sister together with a number of other captives to Yathrib. There she was placed with other captives in a compound near the door of the Masjid.
The Prophet, peace be upon him, passed by her. She stood up before him and said:
Ya Rasulullah! My father is dead and my guardian is not here. Be gracious to me and God will be gracious to you.'
'And who is your guardian?' asked the Prophet.
Adiy ibn Hatim,? she said.
'The one who fled from God and His Prophet?' he asked. He then left her and walked on.
On the following day, the same thing happened. She spoke to him just as she did the day before and he replied in the same manner. The next day, the same thing happened and she despaired of getting any concession from him for he did not say anything. Then a man from behind him indicated that she should stand up and talk to him. She therefore stood up and said:
'O Messenger of God! My father is dead and my guardian is absent. Be gracious to me and God will be gracious to you.'
'I have agreed,' he said. Turning to those about him, he instructed:
'Let her go for her father loved noble ways, and God loves them.'
'I want to join my family in Syria,' she said.
'But don't leave in a hurry,' said the Prophet, 'until you find someone you can trust from your people who could accompany you to Syria. If you find a trustworthy person, let me know.'
When the Prophet left, she asked about the man who had suggested that she speak to the Prophet and was told that he was 'Ali ibn Abi Talib, may God be pleased with him. She stayed in Yathrib until a group arrived among whom was someone she could trust. So she went to the Prophet and said:
'O Messenger of God! A group of my people have come to me and among them is one I can trust who could take me to my family.'
The Prophet, peace be on him, gave her fine clothes and an adequate sum of money. He also gave her a camel and she left with the group.
Thereafter we followed her progress gradually and waited for her return. We could hardly believe what we heard about Muhammad's generosity towards her in spite of my attitude to him. By God, I am a leader of my people. When I beheld a woman in her hawdaj coming towards us, I said:
'The daughter of Hatim! It's she! It's she!'
Advertisement
When she stood before us, she snapped sharply at me and said:
'The one who severs the tie of kinship is a wrongdoer.
You took your family and your children and left the rest of your relations and those whom you ought to have protected.'
'Yes, my sister, I said, 'don't say anything but good.' I tried to pacify her until she was satisfied. She told me what had happened to her and it was as I had heard. Then I asked her, for she was an intelligent and judicious person:
'What do you think of the mission of this man (meaning Muhammad, peace be on him)?'
'I think, by God, that you should join him quickly she said. 'If he is a Prophet, the one who hastens towards him would enjoy his grace. And if he is a king, you would not be disgraced in his sight while you are as you are.'
I immediately prepared myself for travel and set off to meet the Prophet in Madinah without any security and without any letter. I had heard that he had said:- 'I certainly wish that God will place the hand of Adiy in my hand.'
I went up to him. He was in the Masjid. I greeted him and he said:
'Who is this man?'
Adiy ibn Hatim,' I said. He stood up for me, took me by the hand and set off towards his home.
By God, as he was walking with me towards his house, a weak old woman met him. With her was a young child. She stopped him and began talking to him about a problem. I was standing (all the while). I said to myself:
'By God, this is no king.'
He then took me by the hand and went with me until we reached his home. There he got a leather cushion filled with palm fiber, gave it to me and said:
'Sit on this!'
I felt embarrassed before him and said:
'Rather, you sit on it.'
'No, you,' he said.
I deferred and sat on it. The Prophet, peace be on him, sat on the floor because there was no other cushion. I said to myself:
'By God, this is not the manner of a king!'
He then turned to me and said:
'Yes, Adiy ibn Hatim! Haven't you been a "Rukusi professing a religion between Christianity and Sabeanism?'
'Yes,' I replied.
'Did you not operate among your people on the principle of exacting from them a fourth, taking from them what your religion does not allow you?'
'Yes,' I said, and I knew from that that he was a Prophet sent (by God). Then he said to me:
'Perhaps, 0 'Adiy, the only thing that prevents you from entering this religion is what you see of the destitution of the Muslims and their poverty. By God, the time is near when wealth would flow among them until no one could be found to take it.
'Perhaps, O 'Adiy, the only thing that prevents you from entering this religion is what you see of the small number of Muslims and their numerous foe. By God, the time is near when you would hear of the woman setting out from Qadisiyah on her camel until she reaches this house, not fearing anyone except Allah.
'Perhaps what prevents you from entering this religion is that you only see that sovereignty and power rest in the hands of those who are not Muslims. By God, you will soon hear of the white palaces of the land of Babylon opening up for them and the treasures of Chosroes, the son of Hormuz, fall to their lot.'
'The treasures of Chosroes, the son of Hormuz?' I asked (incredulously).
'Yes, the treasures of Chosroes, the son of Hormuz,' he said.
Thereupon, I professed the testimony of truth, and declared my acceptance of Islam."
One report says that when Adiy saw the simplicity of the Prophet's life-style, he said to him:
"I testify that you do not seek high office in this world nor corruption," and he announced his acceptance of Islam. Some people observed the Prophet's treatment of Adiy and said to him:
"O Prophet of God! We have seen you do something which you have not done to any other."
"Yes," replied the Prophet. "This is a man of stature among his people. If such a person should come to you, treat him honorably."
Adiy ibn Hatim, may God be pleased with him, lived for a long time. He later said:
"Two of the things (which the Prophet spoke of) came to pass and there remained a third. By God, it would certainly come to pass.
"I have seen the woman leaving Qadisiyah on her camel fearing nothing until she arrived at this house (of the Prophet in Madinah).
"I myself was in the vanguard of the cavalry which descended on the treasures of Chosroes and took them. And I swear by God that the third event will be realized."
Through the will of God, the third statement of the Prophet, on him be the choicest blessings and peace, came to pass during the time of the devout and ascetic Khalifah, 'Umar ibn 'Abd al-'Aziz. Wealth flowed among the Muslims so much so that when the town-criers called on people throughout the Muslim domain to come and collect Zakat, no one was found in need to respond.
Excerpted from Companions of the Prophet by Abdul Wahid Hamid.
Related posts from similar topics:
Da'wa: Invitation to Discover Peace? Being Mindful – An Islamic Perspective For the Love of God Jesus (PBUH) - The Spiritual Ascetic The Life of Jesus as Revealed to Mary Walk on Water: The Wisdom of Jesus Divine Methodology of Dawah A Forgotten Covenant Prophet Muhammad: A Mercy For All Creation Reclaim Societal Structure Founded by Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) Following Muhammad's (PBUH) Footsteps Ten Principles for Those Seeking the Path of Allah
Famed short-seller Jim Chanos told CNBC on Tuesday he's still betting against Tesla.
"We've been pretty accurate on most of the things we've said about the company — not the stock, certainly," said the founder and managing partner of Kynikos Associates.
He spoke on "Fast Money Halftime Report" from New York City at the 2017 Delivering Alpha conference — presented by CNBC and Institutional Investor.
Last year, Chanos voiced questions about the profitability of Tesla's business, and called the deal between the electric automaker and solar solutions firm SolarCity a "shameful example of corporate governance at its worst."
Tesla co-founder and chief Elon Musk had been chairman of SolarCity when it was a public company. SolarCity was founded by Musk's cousins.
Chanos said Tuesday Tesla is a good example of a cult stock "whereby the market will look at it anyway it wants to, in a glass-half-full kind of mode."
Shares of Tesla are up more than 70 percent so far this year.
Full Size Images
Step-by-Step Process
__________________________________________________________
Layered PSDs__________________________________________________________
||
||
||
||
||
||
||
||
[ENG]
I lightly redesigned her but I think you recognize her !
I tried to work a little more detail to polish the render, whether with the textures of the skin, the suit or the background, it took me a long time so I hope the result Is cool !
[FR]
MORE DC ART
Je me suis laissé aller à un léger designer mais je pense que vous la reconnaissez !J'ai essayé de travailler un peu plus les détails afin de polir l'image, que ça soit les textures du costume de la peau ou de l'arrière plan, ça m'a pris un bon moment donc j'espère que le résultat est au rendez vous !
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan interacts with locals at the Jhabua explosion site in Madhya Pradesh.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his Cabinet colleague Antar Singh Arya were allegedly heckled today while they were en route to the site at Petlawad town where a massive blast caused by mining explosives left over 90 people dead.Mr Chouhan and Mr Arya were stopped at the new bus stand square close to the tragedy site by angry protesters, including Congressmen, who came out on the roads in large numbers shouting slogans against the state government and district administration, alleging that it had not taken appropriate steps to prevent the tragedy, eyewitnesses said.The locals said the huge pile of explosives should not have been stored in a building at a public place, according to the law.They demanded stern action against the concerned officials for the lapse.The protesters also shouted slogans demanding the sacking of District Collector Aruna Gupta and also allegedly manhandled the area's Sub-Divisional Officer of Police (SDOP) A R Khan, who tried the clear the way for the chief minister.Gauging the public anger, Mr Chouhan and Mr Arya squatted on the ground after being gheraoed and gave a patient hearing to the protesters for more than 15 minutes before leaving for the mishap site, the eyewitnesses said.Earlier, Mr Chouhan and Mr Arya, who is the district guardian minister, visited the injured persons at the Petlawad community health centre.Over 90 people were killed and nearly 100 injured yesterday after a massive blast caused by mining explosives stored in a building ripped through a crowded area in Petlawad.The blast completely destroyed at least two buildings - one in which explosive material for digging wells was stored and an adjacent restaurant, and damaging several houses, officials said. Mr Chouhan had yesterday ordered a judicial inquiry into the incident and also announced an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh each to kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for those injured.
MARCHING OUT: Cooper Moller plays the Nutcracker in the Southern Star Academy of Dance Christmas concert. His toy soldiers watch on from behind. Photo Tessa Mapstone / South Burnett Times
MARCHING OUT: Cooper Moller plays the Nutcracker in the Southern Star Academy of Dance Christmas concert. His toy soldiers watch on from behind. Photo Tessa Mapstone / South Burnett Times Tessa Mapstone
MENTION the Disney film Frozen and the faces of 80 little dancers light up.
Southern Star Academy of Dance principal Danielle Wilkin said when she was planning the Christmas concert, as well as songs from The Nutcracker and The Grinch, she knew Frozen star Elsa had to be included.
"It's their favourite," she said. "We couldn't do it.
"They get to dance with Olaf the Snowman and Elsa the Snow Queen, and we have a sugar plum fairy and a Grinch."
For the younger dancers, some as young as two, it will be their first time on stage.
Ms Wilkin said seeing how far they had come was one of the most rewarding aspects of her job.
"It gives them the chance to get on stage and perform and they love it," she said.
The Kingaroy concert will be the second time Cooper Moller, 9, has performed on stage after taking up dancing this year.
Despite being new to the academy, he will perform in 10 dances, in styles including tap, jazz, ballet, hip-hop and neo. He will even star as the Nutcracker.
But Cooper said he was ready for the challenge.
"I practise a lot - three days a week. I'd like to be a dancer when I grow up."
The Nutcracker Grinch that Froze Christmas in Toyland will be performed at Kingaroy Town Hall on Saturday, November 29.
Christmas concert
WHEN: Saturday, November 29, 5.30pm
WHERE: Kingaroy Town Hall
TICKETS: Adults $15, children and concession $10
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants killed 18 people in northeast Nigeria on Friday, according to local witnesses and officials, the latest in an escalating number of lethal attacks in the region.
The knife-wielding attackers, moving under cover of night, targeted people in the town of Banki, 80 miles (130 km) southeast of the city of Maiduguri in Borno state, the epicenter of the eight-year conflict with Boko Haram, said a community leader and a local member of a vigilante group.
The attack on the town, which sits on the border with Cameroon, is the latest in a string of deadly Boko Haram raids and bombings that have undermined the Nigerian military's statements that the insurgency is all but defeated.
The frequency of attacks in northeastern Nigeria has increased in the last few months, killing at least 172 people since June 1 before Friday's attack, according to a Reuters tally.
The attack on Banki left 18 dead, according to Modu Perobe, a member of the Civilian Joint Task Force, a regional vigilante group. Abor Ali, a local ruler, confirmed the death toll.
Boko Haram's eight-year insurgency has left at least 20,000 dead and sparked one of the largest humanitarian crises in the world, with tens of thousands already in famine-like conditions, according to the United Nations.
Some 8.5 million people in the worst affected parts of northeast Nigeria are now in need of some form of humanitarian assistance, with 5.2 million people lacking secure access to food, the U.N. has said.
"When they're kicking you in the rear, it's just proving you're still out front."
Those are the words of former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who has emerged from relative obscurity to become a legitimate contender for the GOP presidential nomination - and a target of his rivals.
Last Wednesday, Huckabee's performance in the Republican debate garnered strong reviews. A new Des Moines Register poll in Iowa, home of the influential Jan. 3 caucuses, shows the likeable Baptist minister leading the field.
But success means scrutiny. The anti-tax Club for Growth has been hammering Huckabee over his record on taxes as governor; the Associated Press has spotlighted the 16 ethics complaints filed against him in Arkansas, five of which were found to be violations; his rivals for the GOP nomination have attacked him over his past support for college scholarships for children of illegal immigrants.
And then there's the story of Wayne DuMond.
In 1985, DuMond was convicted of the rape of a 17-year-old girl with a connection to then-Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton: She was the governor's distant cousin and the daughter of a major campaign contributor.
As Clinton rose to national prominence, the case came to the attention of his critics. Journalists and talk show hosts questioned the victim's story and suggested that DuMond had been railroaded by the former governor. Steve Dunleavy, a New York Post columnist, took up the case as a cause, calling DuMond's conviction "a travesty of justice."
The story also came with a tabloid-ready twist: DuMond said that while awaiting trial, masked men broke into his house and castrated him. Though there were doubts about the story, it engendered sympathy for DuMond among Clinton foes.
DuMond's sentence had been set at life in prison, plus 20 years. In 1992, Clinton's successor in the Arkansas governor's mansion, Jim Guy Tucker, reduced that sentence to 39 years, making DuMond eligible for parole.
When Huckabee became governor in 1996, he expressed doubts about DuMond's guilt and said he was considering commuting his sentence to time served. After the victim and her supporters protested, Huckabee decided against commutation. But in 1997, according to the Kansas City Star, Huckabee wrote a letter to DuMond saying "my desire is that you be released from prison." Less than a year later, DuMond was granted parole.
Huckabee's office denied that the governor played a role in the parole board's decision, but there was evidence (exhaustively detailed here) to contradict that claim.
Charles Chastain, a Professor of Criminal Justice at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, who was on the parole board at the time, told CBSNews.com the governor met with the board to argue on DuMond's behalf.
"He thought DuMond had gotten a raw deal," said Chastain, who calls himself neutral towards Huckabee. "He said he'd been born on the wrong side of the tracks and hadn't been treated all that fairly."
"I don't think the governor quite understood about parole proceedings," added Chastain. "I thought of the parole board as a quasi-judicial body that wouldn't be lobbied or otherwise interfered with by anyone outside of it, so I was a little bit surprised by it."
After the meeting, Chastain said, a number of the board members "switched their vote" from the previous year, and DuMond was paroled.
Joe Carter, director of research for the Huckabee campaign, insists that Huckabee did not seek to pressure the parole board. "If it was such an important issue for him, he would have commuted his sentence," Carter told CBSNews.com.
DuMond's release was delayed because a number of states did not want to take him in, but he left prison in 1999 and ended up in Missouri. Not long after he arrived, he was arrested again - this time for sexually assaulting and murdering a woman named Carol Sue Shields. DuMond was also the leading suspect in the rape and murder of another woman. He was convicted of murdering Shields and died in prison in 2005.
In a statement, Huckabee Press Secretary Alice Stewart told CBSNews.com that Huckabee "had no influence regarding the parole board's decision to release Wayne Dumond."
"Governor Huckabee had no authority to grant parole to Wayne Dumond or anyone else -- governors don't have that authority in the parole process," she said.
According to Arkansas Times editor Max Brantley, who has tangled repeatedly with Huckabee over the years, the governor's influence clearly played a role in DuMond's release from prison.
"In the end, he took a series of actions that can be interpreted only one way: That he was an advocate for Wayne DuMond," said Brantley. "And it was bad judgment. And he's never been willing to take responsibility for it."
"It's an unfortunate incident," said Carter, Huckabee's director of research, of the DuMond case. "He is devastated by what happened, but he felt he did no wrongful action."
By Brian Montopoli
10.class.unfold(&:superclass)
=> [Fixnum, Integer, Numeric, Object]
1.unfold(:to => '==10', :map => '**2', &'_+1')
=> [1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100]
(1..10).map(&'**2')
[7, 6, 10, 3, 9, 4, 8, 5, 2, 1].inject(&'+')
def zip(*lists)
lists.unfold(
:while => '.first',
:map => '.map(&".first")',
&'_.reject(&".length < 2").map(&"[1..-1]")')
end
zip([:a, :b, :c], [1, 2, 3])
=> [[:a, 1], [:b, 2], [:c, 3]]
[
[[:a, :b, :c], [1, 2, 3]],
[[b, :c], [2, 3]]
[[:c], [3]]
]
[
[:a, 1],
[:b, 2],
[:c, 3]
]
zip(first_names, surnames).map(&'"#{_[0]} #{_[1]}"')
"#{_[0]} #{_[1]}"
The Ruby Way is the perfect second Ruby book for serious programmers. The Ruby Way contains more than four hundred examples explaining how to do everything from distribute Ruby with Rinda to functional programming techniques just like these.
[[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6, [7, 8]], 9, 10].unfold(
:while => '.first',
:map => lambda { |first|
first = first.first while.kind_of?(Array)
first
}
) { |state|
state = state.first + state[1..-1] while state.first.kind_of?(Array)
state[1..-1]
}
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]
def flatten(arr)
arr.unfold(
:while => '.first',
:map => lambda { |first|
first = first.first while.kind_of?(Array)
first
}
) { |state|
state = state.first + state[1..-1] while state.first.kind_of?(Array)
state[1..-1]
}
end
The Haskell School of Expression is a terrific and relatively jargon-free introduction to the language that popularized fold, unfold, and all of the other functional programming idioms. As Eric Kidd says, it will make your head explode. Recommended!
Labels: lispy, popular, ruby
It's the stuff Hot Wheels collectors' dreams are made of… For the first time in over 40 years, we released a brand-new Ford J-Car—as part of the HWC Series Nine Neo-Classics.
Based on the 1967 Ford GT40 Mark IV, the original Ford J-Car was a Hot Wheels casting designed by Harry Bradley. It debuted in the 1968 as part of the original 16 line of castings and every version of the car had a die-cast body, die-cast chassis, Redline-era wheels and bent-axle suspension. The car hasn't been released since 1968 and this is the very first appearance of to retool! Take a look and you'll see that while we've honored the original design.
Opening rear hood
Spectraflame powder blue finish
Number “1” on hood and black stripes on sides
Neo-Classics Redline wheels with bent-axle suspension
Full-metal, polished-chrome-plated chassis and engine
Clear windshield
Black interior
SKU #: R8389
After years of being regarded as an unassailable haven for wildlife, South Africa's iconic Kruger National Park has been hit by elephant poaching. In May 2014, the first killing of an elephant for its tusks in ten years was reported in the park. By mid-October 2015, 19 Kruger elephants had been killed for ivory. Twelve of those were killed in September and October alone.
This prompted several prominent conservationists to warn that South Africa's parks are at high risk of being targeted for ivory in the near future. “South Africa can expect elephant poaching to increase dramatically in the Kruger Park,” said wildlife filmmaker and National Geographic Explorer-in-Residence Dereck Joubert.
Has the elephant poaching epidemic that has plagued other African countries in recent years now overtaken South Africa?
Pull Quote South Africa can expect elephant poaching to increase dramatically in the Kruger Park. Dereck Joubert, conservationist
Since 2008, Kruger has been a target for rhino poachers, who mainly come from across the border in Mozambique. Some 800 rhinos were killed in South Africa for their horns between January and September of this year, bringing the total to 4,635 rhinos killed since 2007. That's nearly a fifth of the continent-wide population.
Kruger had some 17,000 elephants in 2014, according to Sam Ferreira, the park's large mammal ecologist. Most of the elephants killed this year have been in the northern Pafuri area, bordering Zimbabwe and Mozambique. Elephant populations in both countries have experienced heavy casualties of late.
Mozambique has lost half its elephants during the past five years, according to recent data from the ongoing Great Elephant Census, an observation study funded by Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen's investment company, Vulcan Inc., to count more than 90 percent of the world's elephants. Meanwhile, Zimbabwe is reeling from a spate of macabre elephant poisonings by cyanide.
According to a recent genetic study, most of the poached ivory has been coming from Tanzania, northern Mozambique, and central Africa. With elephants becoming scarcer in these countries, the poaching scourge has nowhere to go but south.
South African authorities have anticipated that elephant poaching was going to “hit us like an avalanche as early as January next year,” Hector Magome, of conservation services at South African National Parks (SANparks), told Business Day last year. “Given what is going on in the rest of Africa, it is inevitable that South Africa's elephants will eventually be targeted.”
View Images Poachers shot this rhino in Kruger in November 2013. More than 4,600 rhinos have been killed in South Africa for their horns since 2007, and only about 25,000 of the animals are left in the wild in Africa. Photograph by Alet Pretorius, Foto24/Gallo Images/Getty
Making matters worse is the fact that the ivory trade “appears to be professionalising fast, with heavy involvement of police, border guard and political criminal networks,” according to a report published last year by the animal advocacy group Born Free USA. “Given the ease of rhino poaching in South Africa,” the report says, “fears of serious, professionalised ivory poaching in the Kruger Park are well founded.”
Referring to the elephant poaching epidemic elsewhere in the continent, William Mabasa, a Kruger spokesman, said, “We cannot allow this destabilization of our keystone species to continue further.”
Heads in the Sand?
Not everyone agrees that elephant poaching is going to be a serious problem for Kruger, but if the rhino situation is any indicator, things need to be monitored closely.
Mabasa says he's “confident that the dedication and efforts which our rangers and partners in the security sector have displayed towards the fight against rhino will prevail over this latest problem.”
Pull Quote Zimbabwe is reeling from macabre elephant poisonings by cyanide.
South Africa's environment minister Edna Molewa hasn't expressed much concern about elephant poaching. Last year, she said, “We did an ivory once-off sale, and elephant poaching has not been a problem since.”
The sale occurred in July 2008, when China and Japan were given permission by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), the international organization that regulates the wildlife trade, to buy 108 tons of ivory from four southern African countries. In those countries—Botswana, Namibia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa—elephant populations were regarded as relatively healthy and well managed.
Contrary to the minister's views, it is widely held that the sale has fueled the current poaching crisis. A 2008 report by the Environmental Investigation Agency, a nonprofit headquartered in London, showed that demand for ivory increased every year after an earlier experimental sale, in 1999, to Japan—and that it spiked after the 2008 sale.
At the 2008 sale, China and Japan paid an average of $71 per pound ($157 per kilo) from the southern African states. Since then, the price of ivory China sells from its legal stockpile has increased almost tenfold, to $681 per pound ($1,500 per kilo).
Michelle Henley, principal researcher for Elephants Alive, a research group that has collected data on Kruger's elephant populations for more than two decades, said that until now poachers have targeted the “higher value of rhino horn compared to ivory, which seems to have lulled many into a false sense of security.”
She said her research team had predicted that “it would be only a matter of time before poachers would turn to elephants for ivory.”
That time, she believes, has come.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 15, 2016, 11:30 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 16, 2016, 6:53 AM GMT By William M. Arkin, Ken Dilanian, Robert Windrem and Cynthia McFadden
The Obama administration didn't respond more forcefully to Russian hacking before the presidential election because they didn't want to appear to be interfering in the election and they thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win and a potential cyberwar with Russia wasn't worth it, multiple high-level government officials told NBC News.
"They thought she was going to win, so they were willing to kick the can down the road," said one U.S official familiar with the level of Russian hacking.
The administration did take action in response to the hack prior to the election. In September, President Obama privately confronted Vladimir Putin about the hacks at the G-20 summit in China. He warned the Russian President of unspecified consequences if the hacks continued.
On Oct. 7, the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence issued an unprecedented joint statement pointing the finger at Russia, saying hacks of U.S. political groups and individual politicians could only have been done with the authorization of "Russia's senior most" officials and that its intent was to undermine the integrity of the election.
Democrats and Republicans alike have criticized the Obama administration for not being more forceful.
"I think it is a legitimate question and I think given the stakes at the national level the question deserves an answer," said retired Adm. James Stavridis when asked by NBC News about the level of the administration's response. "In retrospect it certainly seems as though it was a mistake not to call the Russians sooner and respond to them in a very forceful way."
Click Here to Read the Exclusive NBC News Report on Putin's Involvement in the Hack
An administration official, in turn, criticized the news media for focusing more on the leaked documents than on the Russian covert operation that hacked into political entities to steal the documents.
Administration officials pointed out that the day the intelligence assessment was made public was the same day a tape was leaked revealing Trump's lewd conversation with Billy Bush. Eleven days later, at an October press conference, Obama was not asked a single question about the Russian hacks.
"We used the same playbook we did with Sony," an administration official said, referring to the North Korean cyberattack on the Hollywood studio. The difference, he said, was that the media and the public was focused elsewhere.
A Shift in Position?
On Thursday morning, President-elect Trump joined in the criticism of the Obama administration, writing, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking , why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Trump was no longer disputing, as he has for months, that Russia was involved. And his top transition aide, Anthony Scaramucci, went even further Wednesday night in an interview with MSNBC's Brian Williams.
"I don¹t think anybody thinks that you¹re wrong," he said of the NBC News report. "Our position right now is that we¹re waiting for more information. We reject the notion that people would cyberattack our institutions. We are very upset about it."
Scaramucci went on to suggest that Trump needed time to digest the intelligence.
"I wonder whether the tweet the president-elect sent out today is the beginning of his pivot, the beginning of his acknowledgement of the intelligence that Russia has been hacking our institutions," said Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.
Putin Did It
In an exclusive report Wednesday, U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News they now believe with "a high level of confidence" that Putin became personally involved in the covert Russian campaign in October.
Two senior officials with direct access to the information say new intelligence shows that Putin personally directed how hacked material from Democrats was leaked and otherwise used. The intelligence came from diplomatic sources and spies working for U.S. allies, the officials said.
Putin's objectives were multifaceted, a high-level intelligence source told NBC News. What began as a "vendetta" against Hillary Clinton morphed into an effort to show corruption in American politics and to "split off key American allies by creating the image that [other countries] couldn't depend on the U.S. to be a credible global leader anymore," the official said.
Ultimately, the CIA has assessed, the Russian government wanted to elect Donald Trump. The FBI and other agencies don't fully endorse that view, but few officials would dispute that the Russian operation was intended to harm Clinton's candidacy by leaking embarrassing emails about Democrats.
The latest intelligence said to show Putin's involvement goes much further than the information the U.S. was relying on in October, when all 17 intelligence agencies signed onto the joint ODNI/DHS statement attributing the Democratic National Committee hack to Russia.
Intelligence sources emphasize to NBC News that there is no evidence that Donald Trump collaborated behind the scenes with Putin or the Russians. A senior intelligence official also said that the possibility of Trump shifting his position on the hacks "will scare the bejesus out of the Kremlin."
Raif Badawi is a Saudi blogger who was convicted of apostasy and “insulting Islam” in 2014. He was sentenced to ten years in prison, plus 1,000 lashes to be administered in twenty installments. He received fifty lashes in January of this year, but the rest have been repeatedly postponed. He is said to be in poor health as he languishes in prison.
Mr. Badawi's wife and children now live in Quebec, and her husband has many supporters in Canada. On November 2 a protest organized by Amnesty International took place outside the Saudi embassy in Ottawa. Xanthippa was there on behalf of Czech Independent TV to report on the demonstration and interview some of the participants.
Many thanks to Victor Laszlo for recording this video, and to Vlad Tepes for uploading it:
To watch the same footage with Czech subtitles, see this program from Czech Independent TV (begins at 10:50).
Below are excerpts from an article about the Ottawa protest that was published last week in The Globe and Mail:
Raif Badawi's supporters met by closed doors at Saudi embassy in Ottawa Supporters of Raif Badawi found themselves up against the closed doors of Saudi Arabia's embassy Monday as they tried unsuccessfully to deliver 31,000 letters demanding the imprisoned blogger's release. Badawi, whose wife and three children live in Quebec, was sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for his criticism of Saudi clerics. Demonstrators gathered to hand over the letters and petitions, which come from about 20 different countries, primarily Canada. But unlike the first time they tried something similar earlier in the year, Saudi officials wouldn't open the door. Amnesty International said the timing was deliberate, with a new Liberal government to be sworn in on Wednesday. Badawi's wife, Ensaf Haidar, says she would like prime minister-designate Justin Trudeau to work to end her husband's detention and help him return to Canada. Hopefully he'd be released when the year began, Haidar said she doesn't see “a bright side” now.
American class of submarine-launched ballistic missile
This article is about the Trident missile. For a discussion of the British nuclear weapons program, see Trident nuclear programme
The launching of a Trident I C-4 missile from the submerged USS Francis Scott Key and the re-entry vehicles plunging into the Atlantic Ocean, 1981
The Trident missile is a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) equipped with multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRV). Originally developed by Lockheed Missiles and Space Corporation, the missile is armed with thermonuclear warheads and is launched from nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines (SSBNs). Trident missiles are carried by fourteen US Navy Ohio-class submarines, with American warheads, and four Royal Navy Vanguard-class submarines, with British warheads. The missile is named after the mythological trident of Neptune.[1]
Development [ edit ]
In 1971, the US Navy began studies of an advanced Undersea Long-range Missile System (ULMS). A Decision Coordinating Paper (DCP) for the ULMS was approved on 14 September 1971. ULMS program outlined a long-term modernization plan, which proposed the development of a longer-range missile termed ULMS II, which was to achieve twice the range of the existing Poseidon (ULMS I) missile. In addition to a longer-range missile, a larger submarine (Ohio-class) was proposed to replace the James Madison and Ben Franklin class SSBNs in 1978. The ULMS II missile system was designed to be retrofitted to the existing SSBNs, while also being fitted to the proposed Ohio-class submarine.
In May 1972, the term ULMS II was replaced with Trident. The Trident was to be a larger, higher-performance missile with a range capacity greater than 6000 mi.
Trident I (designated as C4) was deployed in 1979 and retired in 2005.[2] Its objective was to achieve performance similar to Poseidon (C3) but at extended range. Trident II (designated D5) had the objective of improved circular error probable (CEP), or accuracy, and was first deployed in 1990, and was planned to be in service for the thirty-year life of the submarines, until 2027.
Trident missiles are provided to the United Kingdom under the terms of the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement which was modified in 1982 for Trident.[3] British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher wrote to President Carter on 10 July 1980, to request that he approve supply of Trident I missiles. However, in 1982 Thatcher wrote to President Reagan to request the United Kingdom be allowed to procure the Trident II system, the procurement of which had been accelerated by the US Navy. This was agreed upon in March 1982.[4] Under the agreement, the United Kingdom paid an additional 5% of their total procurement cost of 2.5 billion dollars to the US government as a research and development contribution.[5]
D5 Life Extension Program [ edit ]
In 2002, the United States Navy announced plans to extend the life of the submarines and the D5 missiles to the year 2040.[6] This requires a D5 Life Extension Program (D5LEP), which is currently underway. The main aim is to replace obsolete components at minimal cost[citation needed] by using commercial off the shelf (COTS) hardware; all the while maintaining the demonstrated performance of the existing Trident II missiles. In 2007, Lockheed Martin was awarded a total of $848 million in contracts to perform this and related work, which also includes upgrading the missiles' reentry systems.[7] On the same day, Draper Labs was awarded $318 million for upgrade of the guidance system.[7] Then-British Prime Minister Tony Blair was quoted as saying the issue would be fully debated in Parliament prior to a decision being taken.[8] Blair outlined plans in Parliament on 4 December 2006, to build a new generation of submarines (Dreadnought-class) to carry existing Trident missiles, and join the D5LE project to refurbish them.[9]
The first flight test of a D-5 LE subsystem, the MK 6 Mod 1 guidance system, in Demonstration and Shakedown Operation (DASO)-23,[10] took place on USS Tennessee (SSBN-734) on 22 February 2012.[11] This was almost exactly 22 years after the first Trident II missile was launched from Tennessee in February 1990.
The total cost of the Trident program thus far came to $39.546 billion in 2011, with a cost of $70 million per missile.[12]
In 2009 the United States upgraded D5 missiles with an arming, fuzing and firing (AF&F) system[13][14] that allows them to target hardened silos and bunkers more accurately.
Description [ edit ]
The launch from the submarine occurs below the sea surface. The missiles are ejected from their tubes by igniting an explosive charge in a separate container which is separated by seventeen titanium alloy pinnacles activated by a double alloy steam system. The energy from the blast is directed to a water tank, where the water is flash-vaporized to steam. The subsequent pressure spike is strong enough to eject the missile out of the tube and give it enough momentum to reach and clear the surface of the water. The missile is pressurized with nitrogen to prevent the intrusion of water into any internal spaces, which could damage the missile or add weight, destabilizing the missile. Should the missile fail to breach the surface of the water, there are several safety mechanisms that can either deactivate the missile before launch or guide the missile through an additional phase of launch. Inertial motion sensors are activated upon launch, and when the sensors detect downward acceleration after being blown out of the water, the first-stage motor ignites. The aerospike, a telescoping outward extension that halves aerodynamic drag, is then deployed, and the boost phase begins. When the third-stage motor fires, within two minutes of launch, the missile is traveling faster than 20,000 ft/s (6,000 m/s), or 13,600 mph (21,600 km/h) Mach 18.
Minutes after launch, the missile is exo-atmospheric and on a sub-orbital trajectory. The Guidance System for the missile was developed by the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory and is maintained by a joint Draper/General Dynamics Mission Systems facility. It is an Inertial Guidance System with an additional Star-Sighting system (this combination is known as astro-inertial guidance), which is used to correct small position and velocity errors that result from launch condition uncertainties due to errors in the submarine navigation system and errors that may have accumulated in the guidance system during the flight due to imperfect instrument calibration. GPS has been used on some test flights but is assumed not to be available for a real mission. The fire control system was designed and continues to be maintained by General Dynamics Mission Systems.
Once the star-sighting has been completed, the "bus" section of the missile maneuvers to achieve the various velocity vectors that will send the deployed multiple independent reentry vehicles to their individual targets. The downrange and crossrange dispersion of the targets remains classified.
The Trident was built in two variants: the (C4) UGM-96A and II (D5) UGM-133A; however, these two missiles have little in common. While the C4, formerly known as EXPO (Extended Range Poseidon), is just an improved version of the Poseidon C-3 missile, the Trident II D-5 has a completely new design (although with some technologies adopted from the C-4). The C4 and D5 designations put the missiles within the "family" that started in 1960 with Polaris (A1, A2 and A3) and continued with the 1971 Poseidon (C3). Both Trident versions are three-stage, solid-propellant, inertially guided missiles, and both guidance systems use a star sighting to improve overall weapons system accuracy.
Trident I (C4) UGM-96A [ edit ]
The first eight Ohio-class submarines were built with the Trident I missiles. Tridents were also retrofitted onto 12 SSBNs of the James Madison and Benjamin Franklin classes, replacing Poseidon missiles.
Trident II (D5) UGM-133A [ edit ]
The second variant of the Trident is more sophisticated and can carry a heavier payload. It is accurate enough to be a first strike, counterforce, or second strike weapon. All three stages of the Trident II are made of graphite epoxy, making the missile much lighter. The Trident II was the original missile on the British Vanguard-class and American Ohio-class SSBNs from Tennessee on. The D5 missile is currently carried by fourteen Ohio-class and four Vanguard-class SSBNs. There have been 161 successful test flights of the D5 missile since design completion in 1989, the most recent being from the USS Maryland (SSBN-738) in August 2016.[15] There have been fewer than 10 test flights that were failures,[16] the most recent being from HMS Vengeance (S31), one of Britain's four nuclear-armed submarines, off the coast of Florida in June 2016.[17]
The Royal Navy operates their missiles from a shared pool, together with the Atlantic squadron of the U.S. Navy Ohio-class SSBNs at King's Bay, Georgia. The pool is 'co-mingled' and missiles are selected at random for loading on to either nation's submarines.[18]
Conventional Trident [ edit ]
The Pentagon proposed the Conventional Trident Modification program in 2006 to diversify its strategic options,[19] as part of a broader long-term strategy to develop worldwide rapid strike capabilities, dubbed "Prompt Global Strike".
The US$503 million program would have converted existing Trident II missiles (presumably two missiles per submarine) into conventional weapons, by fitting them with modified Mk4 reentry vehicles equipped with GPS for navigation update and a reentry guidance and control (trajectory correction) segment to perform 10 m class impact accuracy. No explosive is said to be used since the reentry vehicle's mass and hypersonic impact velocity provide sufficient mechanical energy and "effect". The second conventional warhead version is a fragmentation version that would disperse thousands of tungsten rods which could obliterate an area of 3000 square feet. (approximately 280 square meters).[20] It offered the promise of accurate conventional strikes with little warning and flight time.
The primary drawback of using conventionally tipped ballistic missiles is that they are virtually impossible for radar warning systems to distinguish from nuclear-tipped missiles. This leaves open the likelihood that other nuclear-armed countries might mistake it for a nuclear launch which could provoke a counterattack. For that reason among others, this project raised a substantial debate before US Congress for the FY07 Defense budget, but also internationally.[21] Russian President Vladimir Putin, among others, warned that the project would increase the danger of accidental nuclear war. "The launch of such a missile could ... provoke a full-scale counterattack using strategic nuclear forces," Putin said in May 2006.[22]
Operators [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
President Trump's budget director said Sunday that the White House is willing to remove a contentious provision taking aim at the Affordable Care Act from the Republican tax overhaul plan if politically necessary, a move that would fundamentally reshape the effort in the Senate.
In a television interview, Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said the Trump administration would be fine with jettisoning a proposal to repeal the ACA's individual mandate if it becomes a hindrance to passing the tax bill, which is the GOP's top legislative priority.
"If we can repeal part of Obamacare as part of a tax bill and have a tax bill that is still a good tax bill — that can pass — that's great," Mulvaney said on CNN's "State of the Union." "If it becomes an impediment to getting the best tax bill we can, then we are okay with taking it out."
He said it would ultimately be up to House and Senate negotiators to figure it out.
Mulvaney's comments came as party leaders race to try to get a tax bill to Trump's desk by year's end. Despite controlling both Congress and the White House, the GOP has been unable to produce any other sweeping legislative accomplishments.
The Republicans seek to pass a far-reaching plan to simplify the tax code and slash rates. The majority of the cuts would go to corporations and wealthy Americans.
Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, said Sunday that the White House is open to a compromise on the individual mandate for health insurance in order to get a tax bill to President Trump's desk. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
The House passed its version of the plan last week. The Senate intends to take up its own legislation on the Senate floor when lawmakers return from the Thanksgiving recess.
One key difference between the bills is the repeal of the individual mandate. In a strategy shift, Senate GOP leaders added the repeal to their plan last week. The House bill does not include it.
Adding the mandate repeal freed up more than $300 billion in additional revenue, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, allowing Senate Republican tax writers more flexibility to pay for the deep tax cuts they seek.
It also gave Senate Republicans an opportunity to go after the law known as Obamacare, which they have been unable to repeal and replace despite years of promises to the conservative base to do so.
But the CBO also found that 13 million fewer Americans would have health insurance after 10 years and that insurance premiums would rise by 10 percent.
Some Republican senators who have resisted their party's efforts to shred the ACA have approached with caution or hostility the idea of repealing the individual mandate with the tax bill.
Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) reiterated her opposition to the idea Sunday. Last week, Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) said a recent bipartisan compromise aiming to stabilize insurance markets was "important" and would be "particularly so" if the individual mandate was repealed.
If the health-care language is stripped from the bill, Senate Republican leaders could be forced to change the plan dramatically. Possibilities include making corporate tax cuts temporary rather than permanent and cutting back on a proposed expansion of the child tax credit.
Collins, a centrist who has voiced several worries about the Senate bill, said on ABC's "This Week" that the "biggest mistake" was including the repeal of the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate.
She expressed hope that it would be dropped from the proposal or that a plan pushed by her and other senators to mitigate its effects would be adopted. Collins did not say how she would vote on the bill, voicing a belief that the measure will change.
Speaking on the same program, White House legislative affairs director Marc Short said the White House is "very comfortable with the House bill" because it achieves its top priorities on taxes. He noted that the House bill does not include the mandate repeal.
But he also praised the Senate's inclusion of it, saying he believes the individual mandate is hurting middle-class families.
On "Fox News Sunday," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the mandate repeal is not a "bargaining chip. The president thinks we should get rid of it. I think we should get rid of it."
Still, neither Mnuchin nor Short said it was a must-have in the final bill.
The individual mandate requires most Americans to obtain health insurance or pay a fine. Including a repeal of the provision in the Senate bill gives GOP leaders more revenue to work with. It reduces the amount of subsidies the federal government would have to pay to help people purchase coverage, without any requirement that they have it.
A substantial portion of the savings, according to the CBO, would come from close to $179 billion in reduced Medicaid payments over 10 years because people would also drop out of that program if there was no penalty for bypassing insurance coverage.
Asked Sunday whether Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) would be willing to remove the mandate repeal if it becomes an impediment, Don Stewart, a McConnell spokesman, declined to say one way or the other.
Senate Republicans must be especially mindful of budget math since they are trying to pass the bill through a process known "reconciliation," which requires only a simple majority vote. The total tax bill, according to budget rules, can add only $1.5 trillion to the debt over 10 years, and it cannot add to the debt beyond that window.
Republicans hold a 52-to-48 advantage over Democrats in the Senate. So if no Democrats vote for the bill, Republicans can afford only two "no" votes in their ranks, with Vice President Pence breaking a tie. Already, Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) has come out against the plan without changes.
Trump took to Twitter on Sunday evening to criticize Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), a frequent critic of the president who said on a hot microphone last week that the GOP would be "toast" if it becomes the party of Trump and controversial Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore of Alabama.
"He'll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is 'toast,' " Trump tweeted of Flake, who is retiring.
Flake is a staunch deficit hawk whose vote could be key to the success or failure of the bill in the closely divided Senate. He has voiced concern about how the measure would add to the national debt.
He was "still reviewing" the legislation Sunday evening, said his spokesman, Jason Samuels.
"How he votes on it will have nothing to do with the president," Samuels said.
The margin of error could tighten next month. Recent polls show the Democratic candidate leading the Republican ahead of the Dec. 12 special election for a Senate seat in Alabama that has long been in GOP hands. The prospect of losing that seat has given Senate GOP leaders added incentive to try to pass their bill before then.
Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), a top McConnell lieutenant, predicted on NBC's "Meet the Press" that the Senate bill would pass. If the Senate passes its legislation, it would have to work out its differences with the House version.
Blunt said he thinks the House and Senate bills are "very reconcilable" — even with the inclusion of the individual mandate repeal.
Democrats have forcefully criticized the GOP tax plan, arguing it would benefit the wealthiest Americans.
On CNN's "State of the Union," Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) called it a "terrible, terrible piece of legislation." He said making the cut to the corporate rate permanent but the individual rate temporary in the Senate bill was "absolutely crazy."
Sarah Kaplan, Mike DeBonis and Anne Gearan contributed to this report.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meets scientists and technicians in the field of researches into nuclear weapons in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang. Reuters/KCNA President Donald Trump tweeted on Tuesday that China's effort to reel in North Korea "has not worked," leaving officials who commented to CNN baffled as to his meaning — but reports have started to circulate indicating that North Korea may be planning to test a nuclear device.
Spy satellites over spotted activity at North Korea's nuclear test site that could indicate preparations for a possible detonation, and Trump has been briefed on his options, should he choose to act, according to CNN.
Additionally, the online flight monitor CivMilAir has detected a flight of the WC-135, or the Constant Phoenix "nuke sniffer," which surveys the atmosphere to detect nuclear explosions. While CivMilAir has not pinpointed the location of the WC-135, it regularly flies around North Korea.
In April, Trump told CBS he would "not be happy" if North Korea tested a nuclear device, though he did not specify whether he would take action in response. Trump did not specify if "not being happy" meant that military action would follow.
At that time there was a flurry of speculation the North Koreans may test another nuclear device, but they have not since then. While North Korea has carried out missile tests almost weekly since April, it has only carried out six nuclear tests.
Generally, nuclear tests draw harsher condemnation from the United Nations, with China, North Korea's sole ally, signing on to increased sanctions on North Korea every time after a nuclear detonation.
Experts have told Business Insider that a military intervention against North Korea remains unlikely because of the spread and mysterious nature of the country's arsenal, but a limited strike against a single, high-value target could happen.
North Korea, the only country to test nuclear weapons in the 21st century, carries out its nuclear tests in a hardened structure underground.
BRATISLAVA, Slovakia — The People's Party-Our Slovakia, after months of stirring up fears about foreigners and Muslim migrants, decided to take action: This spring, the group's leader proudly stood in front of the main railway station in Zvolen, Slovakia, and announced that a new group of volunteers would begin patrolling passenger trains to keep the “decent citizens” of Slovakia safe from criminals and minorities.
Never mind that vanishingly few of the hundreds of thousands of migrants who have reached Europe over the last year ever set foot in the Central European nation, or that only 10 people last year became crime victims on a Slovakian train system patrolled by 600 railway police officers.
The xenophobic Slovakian group has been one of a wave of such extremist organizations across Central and Eastern Europe that have seized on last year's influx of migrants through Europe to advance their agenda and build popular support. In some cases, the vigilante groups have taken to patrolling borders, streets and other public places to defend against what they portray as a menacing incursion of asylum seekers, many of them Muslims from Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria and other poor, war-torn nations.
Is the war in Afghanistan winnable? I fear not, under any commander in chief. I suspect withdrawal in the very near future would be the best course among a set of bad options.
If the U.S. is going to surge more troops into its longest war, however, doing so under Donald Trump is folly. And the brave men and women who volunteered for the U.S. military deserve better. It is hard to imagine a commander in chief less suited to succeed. That is partly due to his dearth of experience; partly due to the chaotic atmosphere he brings to the executive branch; partly due to the extreme divisions in our polity that he stokes and exacerbates; and partly due to his belief that it is okay to issue changes in military policy via Twitter before telling the Pentagon.
But the biggest reason Trump is unfit to command U.S. forces in Afghanistan is his repeated, public insistence that the war there is an idiotic waste, that we should withdraw, that the billions spent there would be better spent rebuilding our country, and that additional lives lost are lives wasted.
The troops who will keep risking their lives in Afghanistan know their commander in chief's history. Six years ago, Trump started tweeting about America's longest war:
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 13, 2011
Four days later he repeated himself:
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2011
That autumn he called for a change in America's spending priorities:
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2011
And he reiterated his position in the spring of 2012:
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 27, 2012
He argued that the war was disadvantaging America relative to a geopolitical rival:
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan http://t.co/uNxQYQWi We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't. Time to get out. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 29, 2012
He called the war effort a total disaster:
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2012
He called the war a "complete waste":
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 21, 2012
He declared that the cost in American lives was too great:
84% of US troops wounded & 70% of our brave men & women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2012
He noted another batch of casualties:
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2012
At the end of 2012 he issued another call for withdrawal:
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2012
At the beginning of 2013 he kept up the pressure:
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq & Afghanistan building roads & schools but can't get money to the NJ & NY Sandy victims? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 3, 2013
We're wasting American lives and billions of dollars, he complained:
Let's get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense! Rebuild the USA. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2013
Use the money on domestic infrastructure instead, he urged:
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan. We should have a speedy withdrawal. Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2013
He characterized American lives lost in the conflict as "wasted":
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. Rebuild the US first. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 1, 2013
He asserted that some of the money the U.S. sends there winds up in the hands of our enemies:
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists http://t.co/bso3k1pR7l — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2013
Those who wanted the U.S. to stay there through 2024 are very stupid, he said:
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 21, 2013
That November he repeated several of his arguments for withdrawal:
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 21, 2013
He touted withdrawal again in the fall of 2014:
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 10, 2014
That December he complained that Obama was keeping U.S. troops in Afghanistan for another year:
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 1, 2014
In December 2015 he restated his position:
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 21, 2015
No one with a record of public statements like that is the ideal commander in chief to double down on the war in question, especially when he just campaigned and won office by promising withdrawal from abroad. Imagine that winning the Afghan war would require tens of thousands of additional troops, tens of billions of additional dollars, and five additional years. Could the guy elected after those tweets rally a nation to meet that burden? If the going gets tough, will he really stick with the position that the generals advising him pressured him to take rather than reverting to what he said for years?
To feed, fin whales open their mouths wide open to entrap their prey and plenty of water, then filter it all through baleen plates. The fin whale, which is found in deep offshore waters around the planet, can open its mouth so wide that you could stick a school bus inside, said University of British Columbia researcher Margo Lillie.
So how do whale jaws stretch that much?
It has to do with their nerves. Unlike the nerves in most other species, rorqual whales (including the fin whale) are capable of stretching to double their size and shortening without sustaining damage—and we finally know how, thanks to findings published today in Current Biology.
These nerves have a double-waviness that lets them expand, said the same UBC scientists who observed the capability two years ago in the Ventral Groove Blubber (VGB) nerves of fin whales. This expansion is necessary for whales to open their jaws and take in an incredible amount of water, sometimes more than the volume of the whale itself.
To eat, rorqual whales open their mouths and lunge while their tongues invert and their mouths fill like giant water balloons full of floating prey. The whales' nerves are stretchy so they can withstand the tissue deformation. Image: Wayne Vogl
In other species, like humans, more than a bit of nerve stretching can cause lethal damage. But when Lillie put the fin whale nerves under a microscope, they didn't look like other nerve cells: they expanded, contracted, and were abnormally wavy on two levels.
"I saw what looked like hairpin turns, and I said, 'Well this doesn't make sense,'" Lillie told Motherboard in a phone interview. "It shouldn't be able to make those really tight turns. How do you build a nerve, something that cannot stretch, to get longer and shorter?"
This is a micro-CT scan of a fin whale VGB nerve. The whole nerve is 8 mm wide. Image: Margo Lillie
All nerves have some level of waviness—but while my nerves would look like a gently sloping, mostly straight line, Lillie said whale nerves look more like "meandering rivers."
The surprise in this discovery was that it's not only the outer nerve walls that curve and fold (as shown in the navy walls of the winding islands in the illustration, which is actually a 3D scan of a fin whale nerve), letting the nerve stretch when it needs to, but also the nerve core (represented in light blue). It is this core that leads to nerve damage when overexerted in other species.
Read More: Why Solar Storms Might Be Killing Whales and Dolphins
Lillie and her colleagues collected some whale nerves, stretched them to see how far they would extend, and looked at their structure with micro-CT scan. They found that different nerves could extend to different amounts, and instead of the normal one layer, the VGB had a double layer of waviness that let them expand into a straight line or contract like tightly-twisted coil.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
Bill Cosby admitted to all of this and more over four days of intense questioning 10 years ago at a Philadelphia hotel, where he defended himself in a deposition for a lawsuit filed by Andrea Constand, the young Canadian basketball manager who accused him of drugging and molesting her.
He was not above seducing a young model by showing interest in her father's cancer. He promised other women his mentorship and career advice before pushing them for sex acts. And he tried to use financial sleight of hand to keep his wife from finding out about his serial philandering.
He talked of the 19-year-old aspiring model who sent him her poem and ended up on his sofa, where Cosby said, she pleasured him with lotion.
In the deposition, which Cosby, now 78, has for years managed to keep private but was obtained by The New York Times, the entertainer comes across as alternately annoyed, mocking, occasionally charming and sometimes boastful, often blithely describing sexual encounters in graphic detail.
Even as Cosby denied he is a sexual predator who assaulted many women, he presented himself in the deposition as an unapologetic, cavalier playboy, someone who used a combination of fame, apparent concern and powerful sedatives in a calculated pursuit of young women — a profile at odds with the popular image he so long enjoyed, that of father figure and public moralist.
At one point in the first day of questioning, Dolores Troiani, the lawyer for Constand, the plaintiff in the case, seemed struck by Cosby's jocular manner. (Constand, a graduate of Albert Campbell Collegiate in Scarborough, worked at Philadelphia's Temple University as a basketball manager.)
Through it all, his manner was largely one of casual indifference.
“I think I'm a pretty decent reader of people and their emotions in these romantic sexual things, whatever you want to call them,” he said.
He suggested he was skilled at picking up the non-verbal cues that signal a woman's consent.
He spoke with casual disregard about ending a relationship with another model so he could pursue other women. “Moving on,” was his phrase.
Interest in Cosby's deposition grew this month when a U.S. federal judge unsealed a 62-page memorandum of law in the case, which had been settled in 2006. The memorandum contained excerpts from the deposition, including Cosby's acknowledgment that he had obtained Quaaludes as part of his effort to have sex with women.
“I think you're making light of a very serious situation,” she said, to which Cosby replied: “That may very well be.”
A confidentiality clause that was part of the settlement agreement has prohibited the parties from releasing the memorandum, but the deposition itself was never sealed.
This month Constand's lawyer asked the court to lift the confidentiality clause so her client would be free to release the nearly 1,000-page deposition transcript. The Times later learned the transcript was already publicly available through a court reporting service.
Cosby has never been charged with a crime and has repeatedly denied the accusations of sexual assault, now levelled by dozens of women. David Brokaw, Cosby's publicist, did not respond to requests for comment Saturday.
In three suits, women who accused Cosby of sexual misconduct are pursuing civil claims against him. In addition, the Los Angeles police have said they are reviewing a complaint of a sexual nature against Cosby. Troiani declined to comment.
While Cosby described encounters with many women through the course of his deposition, it is through his long and detailed descriptions of his relationship with Constand, who is much younger, that Cosby's attitudes, proclivities and approach to women are most clearly revealed. Constand was present for at least some of Cosby's testimony in the Rittenhouse Hotel in Philadelphia.
First spotting Constand at Temple University in the early 2000s, Cosby said he felt romantic interest immediately (“she's good-looking”) and began a relationship that led, in his telling, to dinners and more.
Asked how he wooed her, Cosby, who has been married since 1964, responded: “Inviting her to my house, talking to her about personal situations dealing with her life, growth, education.”
He painted his relationship with Constand as one of mentor and mentee, casting himself in the role of an experienced guide and offering her the benefit of his contacts, fame and experience.
At times he described becoming frustrated after Constand failed to follow his advice, such as when he wanted her to pursue her interest in sports broadcasting by calling someone and she did not.
“Here's a mentor, Bill Cosby, who is in the business, Bill Cosby, who happens to know something about what to do and Andrea is not picking up on it,” he said.
Constand ultimately went to the police to complain of Cosby's behaviour, but in his telling, his seduction was one of persistence and patience.
Early on in his courtship, he arranged an intimate meal alone with her at his Pennsylvania home, complete with Cognac, dimmed lights and a fire, he said. At one point he led her to his back porch, out of sight from his chef.
“I take her hair and I pull it back and I have her face like this,” he said. “And I'm talking to her ... And I talked to her about relaxing, being strong. And I said to her, come in, meaning her body.”
But the two remained inches apart, he said, and he did not try to kiss her because he did not sense she wanted him to. Nevertheless, at the next dinner he said they had what he described as a “sexual moment,” short of intercourse. He described her afterward as having “a glow.”
Expounding on his philosophy about sex, Cosby said he tended to refrain from intercourse because he did not want women to fall in love with him. To him, he said, the act of sexual intercourse “is something that I feel the woman will succumb to more of a romance and more of a feeling, not love, but it's deeper than a playful situation.”
As far as he and Constand went, he said, they were, “playing sex, we're playing, petting, we're playing.”
Was he in love with her? “No.”
Yet the friendship endured for a few years, until one night at his Pennsylvania home, when Constand said Cosby drugged and molested her.
Cosby said he gave her 1½ tablets of Benadryl to relieve stress, they kissed and had sexual contact. Her lawyer said she believed it was a much more powerful drug.
Some time later, after Constand had moved home to Canada, Cosby spoke with Constand's mother on the telephone. Her mother, he said, was upset about what her daughter said Cosby had done, describing the experience as “a mother's nightmare.”
In the deposition, he said he was worried that Constand's mother would think of him as a “dirty old man.”
During the call, Cosby told the deposing lawyers, he wanted Constand to tell her mother “about the orgasm” so that she would realize it was consensual.
“Tell your mother about the orgasm. Tell your mother how we talked,” he said he remembered thinking.
Subsequently, concerned that Constand and her mother might seek to embarrass him, he said he offered to help pay for Constand's further education. Years earlier, he offered to reward another woman, Therese Serignese, whom he had met at the Las Vegas Hilton in 1976, with money as a bonus for good grades.
It is difficult to say to what extent Cosby's wife, Camille, was aware of her husband's womanizing, though it was certainly clear to her by 1997, when Cosby acknowledged an affair. Camille Cosby suggested at the time that there had been marital problems but they had put them behind them.
Still, in the deposition, Cosby, 78, described going to some lengths to hide his behaviour, blocking a magazine article to avoid publicity and funnelling money to one woman through his agent so “Mrs. Cosby” wouldn't find out.
In the case of Constand, who never sought any funds, Cosby said he imagined his wife would have known he was helping with her education. But, he said, “my wife would not know it was because Andrea and I had had sex and that Andrea was now very, very upset and that she decided that she would like to go to school.”
While Cosby insists the only drug he gave Constand was Benadryl, he is open about his access in the 1970s to Quaaludes, a sedative also popular as a party drug.
He said he obtained seven prescriptions for them over two to three years from a doctor in Los Angeles, ostensibly for a sore back but in reality to give to women.
He admits to giving young women Quaaludes at that time, “the same as a person would say have a drink,” he said, but not without their knowledge.
Though he portrayed the drug-taking and sex as consensual, Cosby — when asked whether Serignese was in a position to consent to sexual intercourse after he gave her Quaaludes in 1976 — said: “I don't know.”
Joseph Cammarata, a lawyer for Serignese and two other women who are suing Cosby for defamation, said of the deposition: “This information is important because it sheds light on the private practices of a man who holds himself out as a public moralist.”
During the questioning, Cosby cast himself as a sensitive and attentive supporter of Constand, though his tone changed when addressing Constand in the present tense.
Asked by Constand's lawyer about how he felt when Constand cried during her own deposition, Cosby was unsparing: “I think Andrea is a liar and I know she's a liar because I was there. I was there.”
And he could be dispassionate in recalling former relationships. With a woman named Beth Ferrier, a model he met in the 1980s, he recalled inquiring after her career and her father, who had died of cancer.
“Did you ask her those questions because you wanted to have sexual contact with her?” Troiani asked.
“Yes,” Cosby responded.
Still, he said he viewed himself as a good person, worthy of trust, and chivalrous in his desire to never tell others about the women with whom he had sex.
“I am a man, the only way you will hear about who I had sex with is from the person I had it with,” he said.
In some passages, Cosby offered a glimpse into a life long insulated by perks and wealth. Some idiosyncrasies are revealed, like his penchant for sweatpants (he had at least 100, he said), how he used the name Seymour Rapaport as an alias in the 1970s and 1980s when he travelled and how many of his employees signed confidentiality agreements.
In the deposition, Cosby described sexual liaisons — he sometimes calls them rendezvous — with at least five women, and having a “romantic” interest in two more, in locations like Denver, Las Vegas, New York and Pennsylvania, in hotels or in one of his homes.
In the court case, 13 women came forward with anonymous sworn statements to support Constand, saying that they, too, had been molested in some way by Cosby.
But they never had a chance to pursue their claims in court because, six months after the fourth and final day of his deposition, Cosby settled the case with Constand on undisclosed terms. His deposition was filed away, another document in a settled court case, until now.”
A 26 year old impoverished Slovakian man named Zoltan Kohari lives in an abandoned building, wearing a Batman costume he made himself. He hopes to help the police and recently was the subject of series of photos published by Reuters.
Police in Brazil have officially hired a 50 year old Batman impersonator to fight crime and to serve as a figure of hope and justice, particularly for children in poor neighborhoods.
A street performer in Toronto walks around in a full Batman costume, shouting “WHERE ARE THEY?” at startled passersby.
Perhaps this is most reminiscent of the moment when Bruce Wayne told Alfred, “That's not exactly what I had in mind when I said I wanted to inspire people” about the gun-carrying Batman copycats roaming Gotham in The Dark Knight. Or maybe is closer parallels the efforts made by Bruce Wayne to franchise the Batman name and logo in the Batman Incorporated comics series.
The question is, who can be Batman? Is it only the wealthiest, the strongest, the smartest? If those were the qualities required, surely it would not be any of the three men currently dressing as Batman. Zoltan Kohari does not have the money, resources, or skills of the Wayne heir. Andre Luiz Pinheiro does not have the youth (bringing up the obvious comparison to Frank Miller's depiction of an aging Wayne) and, unlike Batman, he has the cooperation of the police. The Toronto Batman does not have any real drive beyond a sense of humor.
Finally, none of these men have the anonymity of the Caped Crusader.
Is it his wealth alone that makes Bruce Wayne into Batman? Wayne is perpetually a child of privilege and wealth, and he knows it. When one of the Citizens for Batman in The Dark Knight asks him “What gives you the right? What's the difference between you and me?” Batman responds with “I'm not wearing hockey pads.” It's a funny moment, but a telling one: Bruce Wayne is Batman because he can be. He has the money, the skill-sets, the privilege, the status, and even the butler to make it happen.
I have often thought that, while Superman is in many ways the American Dream – an immigrant, born overseas and raised in Kansas, with large ambitions and an incredible work ethic – Batman is the Child of the American Dream. Batman is the child of those who worked hard for generations, only to be orphaned and alone, with no family, no friends, no peers. His only father figure is a man who works for him and will do whatever he asks. His friends, in both the comics and the films, are repeatedly killed, estranged, kidnapped, betrayed… or they betray him. The public figure of Bruce Wayne ultimately becomes only a mask, a playboy spendthrift facade used to hide the tragic character who hopelessly tries to clean up the streets, night after night.
And so, if there are real Dark Knight equivalents in this world, would they be wealthy and good-looking and privileged?
I'm afraid not. No, the defining characteristic of Batman is not his money, or his skills, or his costume. It's his tragedy. Which is why Zoltan Kohari, in his abandoned building and costume made of rags and leather, might be the closest thing to Batman that this world ever sees. Superman might be unbridled optimism and idealism, but Batman is a creature of a less hopeful obligation.
The truer question might be whether or not we would ever want a real Batman. If a masked vigilante with unlimited resources, driven by his own notions of justice and vengeance, could actually make this world a better place.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Print
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
KYODO NEWS - Jul 3, 2017 - 01:12 | All, Japan
Gov. Yuriko Koike's new party and allies scored a sweeping victory in the Tokyo metropolitan assembly election Sunday, securing an overall majority and dealing Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party its worst defeat ever in a Tokyo municipal election.
Koike's Tomin First no Kai (Tokyoites First party) became the biggest force in the assembly with 49 of its 127 seats. Together with allies, including the Komeito party which took 23 seats, the Koike camp won 79 seats.
The LDP won only 23 seats, far below its previous record low of 38 in 2009, prompting Hakubun Shimomura, who heads the party's Tokyo chapter, to step down from the post to take responsibility for the crushing defeat.
"I am pleased that voters acknowledged what we have achieved from the viewpoint of Tokyoites," Koike told reporters, commenting on a race widely viewed as a referendum on her first year in office after becoming Tokyo's first female governor last August.
The reform-minded Koike has pledged to change the opaque decision-making process in the local legislature, which controls a budget comparable to that of Sweden.
The landslide victory could encourage Koike to strive to make her party a force in national politics, but the former LDP lawmaker and Cabinet minister has denied having such plans.
The election is also being viewed as a barometer of national politics, and particularly public support for the ruling LDP and Abe, although no national election is scheduled until late 2018.
Opinion polls had shown Tomin First no Kai gaining momentum after Abe's approval rating dropped amid allegations of inappropriate involvement in two school building projects and his ramming through the Diet contentious legislation that critics say threatens civil liberties.
The LDP suffered more embarrassment in the days leading up to the poll when two close allies of Abe became embroiled in controversy. Defense Minister Tomomi Inada came under fire for appearing to imply in a stump speech that the Self-Defense Forces supported the LDP, and Shimomura, who served as education minister, was accused of mishandling political donations.
An audio recording also surfaced in which a junior female LDP lawmaker was heard physically and verbally abusing one of her secretaries.
One of the key issues in the assembly race was the Tsukiji fish market relocation plan that Koike announced just before campaigning began. Koike said the metro government will transfer the market to a nearby Toyosu waterfront site for five years before returning it to a redeveloped Tsukiji location.
The LDP lambasted the timing of Koike's announcement as an election tactic and said it wants the market permanently transferred to Toyosu as planned. The initial relocation project stalled over concerns about pollution at the Toyosu site.
Other issues in the campaign included preparations for the 2020 Olympics and Paralympics, and measures to reduce the number of children on waiting lists for nursery school.
Voter turnout stood at 51.27 percent, up from 43.50 percent in the previous election in 2013.
Among other parties, the Japanese Communist Party won 19 seats and the Democratic Party five.
Ahead of the election, the LDP held 57 seats in the Tokyo assembly, followed by Komeito with 22, the Japanese Communist Party with 17, the Democratic Party with seven and Tomin First six.
A total of 259 candidates, including a record 65 women, ran in the assembly race. The LDP officially endorsed 60 candidates, with Koike's party fielding 50, the Japanese Communist Party 37, and the Democratic Party and Komeito 23 each. Komeito is also the LDP's coalition partner in national politics.
Russian officials have hit back at Poland's defense minister after he implied Moscow may have been involved in downing a Polish presidential jet six years ago. The minister called the crash an act of "terrorism."
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov on Monday described as "groundless" and "biased" the allegation that foul play had brought the plane down.
Previous official inquiries have established that pilot error and bad weather caused the jet to crash in Smolensk, western Russia, on April 10, 2010, killing the then Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other mostly senior officials. But in a weekend university lecture, Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz appeared to suggest the president was deliberately targeted.
"After Smolensk, we can say that we were ... the first great victim of terrorism we now see playing out before our eyes," he said.
The minister also suggested the crash was orchestrated in response to Poland's 2009 request to define the World War II Soviet massacre of Polish officers in Russia's Katyn forest as "genocide."
Advertisement
"There is no doubt about the fact that what happened ... was meant to deprive Poland of a leadership that was leading our nation toward independence," Macierewicz added.
Macierewicz: Plane crash an act of "terrorism"
Quick retort
The minister's statements triggered an immediate response from Moscow. Kremlin spokesman Peskov pointed out that the circumstances surrounding the crash had already been thoroughly investigated.
"Based on all that, we can call such statements groundless, unobjective, and not having anything in common with the real circumstances of this tragedy," Peskov said.
In Poland, Rafal Trzaskowski from the opposition Civic Platform party dismissed the accusations as "terrifying."
"If the defense minister in some way accuses a state of terrorism, we can only be terrified, because one does not leave acts of terrorism without a response," the former deputy foreign minister told reporters.
Related Subjects Poland
Poles marked the fifth anniversary of the Smolensk crash in 2015
New probe
Right-wing politicians in Poland have long insisted the crash was no accident. The ruling conservative Law and Justice Party (PiS), which swept to power last October after eight years in opposition, last month launched a new probe into the crash.
It said key facts pointing to "Russia's responsibility" had been "hidden" during investigations carried out under the previous government.
Nearly one-quarter of Poles believe the air crash was an assassination, according to a poll last year.
nm/kms (Reuters, AFP)
How brilliant, I love this. There's a Jeremy Corbyn Christmas single!!!
‘JC4PM for me' with all profits going to @TrussellTrust Please RT. pic.twitter.com/C7CKpBKuMS — I was a JSA claimant (@imajsaclaimant) December 5, 2016
Corbynistas got mail this weekend from Crispin Flintoff, “JC4PM tour promoter/producer“, begging them to download Jezza's Christmas single because it is struggling to make it into the charts at all let alone be the Christmas number one:
“As a means of getting the message across about Jeremy Corbyn being a popular man with credible and exciting policies, we have released a Christmas single ‘JC4PM for me'. Our aim is for it to hit the charts and we will then see if it will get airplay (it's not at the moment).”
Do Corbynistas know it's Christmas time at all?
FRENCH athlete Yohann Diniz was praised for his courage after suffering a series of unfortunate incidents during the 50km walk race at the Rio Olympics.
Around 15km into the race, a dark liquid started pouring down the back of the world record holder's legs causing speculation on Twitter that he had potentially soiled himself.
EPA 4 Yohann Diniz battles through the 50km race
Getty Images 4 World record holder still managed to finish eighth in a heroic effort
Before the race French publication L'Equipe had reported that Diniz was suffering from stomach problems but was determined to race anyway.
And not long into the event it became clear that the athlete was suffering when blood started to pour down the hamstrings of Diniz who finished the race in eighth position.
The 38-year-old was leading the pack by a minute but had to stop soon after and clean himself up with a sponge and douse himself with water.
Around 35km into the event, Diniz, who was favourite for a medal, fainted to the ground but managed to get back up and still contend for a place on the podium.
Diniz was in obvious discomfort but was applauded by gathering fans as he decided to fight through the pain barrier and cross the finish line.
Getty Images 4 Diniz was praised for his courage in managing to finish the race
related articles FIRE SHOCK Rio 2016 Olympic velodrome track scorched following fire in arena where Laura Trott and Bradley Wiggins won gold IT'S A DON DEAL LA to offer Paris 2024 Olympics in return for hosting 2028 Games -when Donald Trump will be out of office NIGHT OF REGRET Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he contemplated suicide after fake Rio gunpoint robbery claims 'Falling to pieces' More than 100 Rio Olympics medals being replaced after athletes complain they are falling apart 'All I do is ride a bike' Olympic couple Jason and Laura Kenny are made CBEs for services to cycling at Buckingham Palace Kat out of the bag Katarina Johnson-Thompson pulls out of European Indoor Championships in Belgrade Dave Kidd Medals at what price? GB's Olympic gong targets are more ruthless than even China or old Soviet Bloc - and the latest Mo Farah controversy proves it Pictured OLYMPIC SHAMES Harrowing pictures show Rio Olympics venues in utter disrepair after Maracana Stadium power is turned off ORANGE IS THE NEW GREEN Rio Olympic swimming pool that was panned for going green during the Games is now ORANGE WALKING ON AIR Nicky Henderson unveiled two more Cheltenham Festival hopefuls in Top Notch and Buveur D'Air at Sandown
After the race it was reported that Diniz was immediately put in a wheelchair and taken to hospital for checkups.
It was a noble effort from the Frenchman with many people on Twitter praising him for his heroic efforts.
World record-holder Yohann Diniz, who led most of the race, stopped, got going again, then collapsed, has incredibly finished 8th #Rio2016 — Athletics Weekly (@AthleticsWeekly) August 19, 2016
Yohann Diniz stopped his watch before fainting .... a true athlete — Olive Loughnane (@OliveLoughnane) August 19, 2016
It's an unfortunate end for the athlete who is still hunting for his first Olympic medal.
He failed to finish in Beijing eight years ago and was disqualified during the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Slovakia's Matej Toth took the gold medal ahead of Australia's Jared Tallent and Japan's Hirooki Arai who finished second and third respectively.
Some of us might love to hate 'em, but we need millionaires in California — or we'd lose tens of billions of dollars in tax revenue that pays for things like education and public safety. So should we be freaking out that rich people will flee the Golden State if we vote to hike their taxes by passing either Proposition 30 or 38 in November?
Maybe not.
An analysis by this newspaper of IRS tax-return data shows that states that charge high income taxes — from California to New York to New Jersey — are home to the highest number of rich people per capita. And two-thirds of the states that don't charge any income taxes actually have fewer numbers of millionaire residents per capita, the analysis shows.
Consider Florida and Texas, which are often cited as havens for rich movie stars, CEOs and athletes because they are income-tax free. California, on the other hand, has the nation's second-highest income tax rate.
So in those three states, how many people earn at least $1 million a year for every 100,000 taxpayers?
Florida: 202. Texas: 217. California: 252.
Over the past 15 years, California has maintained the same share of the nation's ultrarich, even after voters passed the state's first “millionaires' tax” in 2004. That echoes the experience documented in studies of other states that have raised taxes on the wealthy.
“There just isn't any persuasive evidence out there to make you think that there would be a significant number of Californians moving because of this tax change,” said Carl Davis, senior policy analyst at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a nonpartisan research group based in Washington D.C.
The issue of where our millionaires live, always a fun one to gossip about, is also increasingly critical to the state's financial health as California tries to stave off cuts to classrooms and the poor. The wealthiest 1 percent of Californians — those Bentley-driving, mansion-living people who make about 50 times as much as us average folk — provide more than $20 billion in income taxes each year. That's about one-fourth of the state's general-fund budget — and could soon grow.
Proposition 30, sponsored by Gov. Jerry Brown, would increase the state sales tax by a quarter of a cent, costing the average person less than $100 a year. The bulk of the new revenue would come from raising the income tax on joint filers earning above $500,000 — and single filers who earn at least $250,000 — from 10.3 percent to as high as 13.3 percent. The extra tax would be in effect for seven years.
Civil rights attorney Molly Munger's Proposition 38 would hit almost all income groups — but tax the rich the most. If both initiatives pass, the one with the most votes will take effect.
Polls show Proposition 30 is favored by slightly more than half of likely voters while Proposition 38 is struggling to gain majority support, though there are plenty of voters undecided on both measures. Each is designed to increase the amount of money California spends on education while helping to balance the general-fund budget.
More than two-thirds of the Bay Area Council's executive committee — which includes dozens of rich people who would pay the higher tax, ranging from pro sports owners to corporate CEOs — voted to endorse Proposition 30.
“No one I spoke to said if this passes they're going to up and leave the state,” said Jim Wunderman, the council's CEO. “California is the place to be if you want to be at the top of the game. There's a price to be paid for that.”
Last year, Stanford University sociology professor Cristobal Young and Princeton University Ph.D. candidate Charles Varner found that a 2004 tax hike on New Jersey's wealthy had zero impact on the number of rich people in the state.
“They place substantial investments in building businesses and social networks in these communities and a small, couple-percentage points of extra tax just isn't in any way enough to prompt them to move out of state,” Varner said.
Proposition 30 opponents, however, point to anecdotal evidence of millionaires fleeing California and note that more workers overall have been moving out of the Golden State than into it over the past several years.
“At some point the tax and regulatory burden starts driving the decision” to move, said Jon Coupal, president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association and co-chairman of the No on 30 campaigns. “I hear every day from people who say if Prop. 30 passes, it's the last straw.”
Bay Area native David Friedman, president of Wealth-X, a global Singapore-based consulting firm focused on the ultrarich, said it depends on what profession the millionaire is in.
“Think about the venture capitalist who lives in Woodside: He's not moving,” Friedman said. “But the person launching a new company will at least consider it.”
Rich people pay a federal income-tax rate of as high as 35 percent but a much lower rate, usually less than 10 percent, on state returns.
Some wealthy people like GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney have avoided high federal taxes by earning most of their money through capital gains, which are taxed at a maximum rate of 15 percent. But in California capital gains are taxed at the same rate as wages.
Like other states, though, California has discovered that steep tax bills don't seem to scare off the rich.
“There's no empirical evidence that top income earners change states in response to tax increases of small magnitude like the one they're talking about in California,” said Varner, the Princeton researcher. “There's just an economic theory.”
Contact Mike Rosenberg at 408-920-5705. Follow him at twitter.com/rosenberg17.
Like most American Christians, my family celebrates Christmas with a mix of Jesus and Santa Claus. Our stockings are hung by the fireplace; there's a nativity set on top of the mantel. We sing “Rudolph” and “O Come, All Ye Faithful.” On Christmas Eve, we'll go to church and read the Gospel of Luke, then come home and put out cookies for Santa.
Generally, I am okay with this. Children are remarkably able to hold on to more than one reality at a time. I trust mine to understand that this season contains more than one story.
But there is one story we don't tell, one piece of secular Christmas that's missing from our collection: there are no elves on our shelves.
The “Elf on the Shelf” narrative (based on a storybook and accompanying toy elf) goes something like this: The elf sits quietly on a shelf all day, observing, and then flies back to the North Pole every night to report to Santa on who has been naughty and who has been nice. The next morning, the children are sent to find the elf, who will resume his surveillance from a new spot. (Forgetful parents, take heart: sometimes the elf has a favorite place to sit and comes back to the very same spot he was in yesterday.)
The brand—“A Christmas Tradition”—has only been around since 2005. But marketing works. More than 2 million book-and-toy combinations have been sold. So pervasive is this new “tradition” that when a friend's son visited and asked where our elf was, he didn't quite believe me when I said we didn't have one. He left convinced that we just hadn't found our elf yet.
Lee Hull Moses Lee Hull Moses is pastor of First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) in Greensboro, North Carolina. She is author of More than Enough: Living Abundantly in a Culture of Excess (Westminster John Knox Press). See All Articles
At the risk of sounding bah-humbug-y, I don't like the Elf on the Shelf. General creepiness aside—someone in our house watches everything we do and reports back to the higher-ups? Aren't there laws against this?—I find the idea particularly problematic for families trying to faithfully navigate the Christmas season.
For one thing, I am not willing to cede my parental authority to a toy, even one with magical powers. My husband and I are in charge around here; we get to judge what's naughty and nice, and to determine the consequences. Putting someone else in charge of discipline for a month is just plain confusing—and scaring people into good behavior has rarely turned out well.
And what will parents do come January, when the elf flies home for the rest of the year? Who will keep the children in line?
The tattle-tale elf leaves little room for redemption. Mischievous activity is reported to Santa, and that's the end of it. There's no role for repentance, making amends or healing relationships, and it's not at all clear how many naughty acts gets you demoted from presents or how many nice one make up for this.
One evening, I was trying to do too many things at once and my daughter's hands were getting into everything in the kitchen. I lost my patience and threatened her with a time out.
“I can't have a time out!” she cried, looking at me with something like fear in her eyes. “Santa won't bring me anything!”
The words were forming themselves on my tongue: Then stop touching everything! But I couldn't bring myself to say it.
Undeserved grace is the foundation of that other Christmas story we tell around here, the one with the baby and the manger. There's no amount of niceness that earns us the gift of God-with-us, no level of naughty that the mercy of God can't redeem.
I believe in grace too much to let Christmas be reduced to a month-long disciplinary tactic. Yes, my daughter needs to learn to keep her hands to herself, to stop taunting her baby brother, to hang up her jacket instead of leaving it on the floor. She won't receive every toy she asks for this year, but it won't be her behavior that dictates what she gets. The point of Christmas—at least the version I believe in—is not that we behave well. It's that we're not always all that nice, and God sends us the greatest gift anyway.
Moroccan Preserved Lemons
Pin 208 279 Shares
Although it's possible to buy citrons confits at Arab markets here in Paris, making Moroccan Preserved Lemons couldn't be easier and they taste far fresher than anything you can buy. I insist on foraging through the mounds of lemons at my market in pursuit of the smallest citrus possible (which I don't recommend doing here, by the way, unless you know the vendor pretty well.)
But you may be lucky to have a friend with a lemon tree and they're probably more than happy to let you take a few off their hands… although none of my friends in Paris seem to have lemon trees growing in their apartments, unfortunately. And if you live where Improved Meyer Lemons are available, by all means feel free to use them instead of the more common Eureka lemons.
I like to finely dice preserved lemons and mix them with sautéed vegetables, such as green beans, fava beans, or to elevate lowly rounds of carrots into something interesting and exotic, perhaps tossing in a few cumin seeds as well. They're also good mashed into butter with some fresh herbs, then smeared on top of grilled fish or a nice hunk of caramelized roasted winter squash. And I've been known to sneak some into a batch of tapenade, as well as adding some finely-chopped little pieces to a batch of lemon ice cream too!
In addition to their ability to multi-task, there's something comfortable and nice about having a jar of vivid lemons on the kitchen counter to keep tabs on their progess every morning, like a flowering Amaryllis bulb or a family of Sea Monkeys coming to life. I'm keeping a vigilant eye on my lemons daily, noticing how much juice they're giving off, how soft they're getting, and enjoying how they gently deflate and nestle themselves against each other as they settle nicely into the corners of my vintage glass canning jar (which I barely rescued from the clutches of some madame at a flea market last summer.)
For the big Christmas party his year, I made one of my favorite recipes, Israeli Couscous With Roasted Butternut Squash and Preserved Lemon to go with the Lamb Tagine that I cooked the day before…which made entertaining 15 ravenous Parisians a breeze. And speaking of braised meats or tagines, you can add thin strips of preserved lemons to any braising liquid during the last few minutes of cooking, which adds a nice little bit of bright, lemony flavor to whatever you're cooking. But do take care when adding them to a recipe; hold back on adding salt since the lemons will certainly add quite a bit more salty flavor than you think.
Always use organic or unsprayed lemons, since you're going to be eating the exterior (and I don't want to lose any of my readers prematurely.) I generally do 8-10 lemons at a time, but be sure to buy a few extra lemons for juicing a couple of days later, in case you need to add additional liquid to keep the lemons in the jar submerged while they ‘do their thing'. And never use ordinary table salt, which has a harsh, chemical taste. (Check the ingredients to make sure your salt is pure.) As always, I recommend sea salt or kosher salt.
Moroccan Preserved Lemons Print Recipe 1. Scrub the lemons with a vegetable brush and dry them off. 2. Cut off the little rounded bit at the stem end if there's a hard little piece of the stem attached. From the other end of the lemon, make a large cut by slicing lengthwise downward, stopping about 1-inch (3 cm) from the bottom, then making another downward slice, so you've incised the lemon with an X shape. 3. Pack coarse salt into the lemon where you made the incisions. Don't be skimpy with the salt: use about 1 tablespoon per lemon. 4. Put the salt-filled lemons in a clean, large glass jar with a tight-fitting lid. Add a few coriander seeds, a bay leaf, a dried chili, and a cinnamon stick if you want. (Or a combination of any of them.) 5. Press the lemons very firmly in the jar to get the juices flowing. Cover and let stand overnight. 6. The next day do the same, pressing the lemons down, encouraging them to release more juice as they start to soften. Repeat for a 2-3 days until the lemons are completely covered with liquid. If your lemons aren't too juicy, add more freshly-squeezed lemon juice until they are submerged, as I generally have to do. 7. After one month, when the preserved lemons are soft, they're ready to use. Store the lemons in the refrigerator, where they'll keep for at least 6 months. Rinse before using to remove excess salt. To use: Remove lemons from the liquid and rinse. Split in half and scrape out the pulp. Slice the lemon peels into thin strips or cut into small dices. You may wish to press the pulp through a sieve to obtain the tasty juice, which can be used for flavoring as well, then discard the innards.
Related Recipes
Israeli Couscous with Butternut Squash and Preserved Lemons
How to Make Candied Ginger
Making Glazed Fruit: Citron
Pin 208 279 Shares
Many tropical forests around the world have been severely fragmented as human disturbance split once-contiguous forests into pieces. Previous research indicates trees on the edges of these fragments have higher mortality rates than trees growing in the interiors of forests.
Researchers used satellite data and analysis software they developed to figure out how many forest fragments there are, and the extent of their edges. They discovered that there are around 50 million tropical forest fragments in the world today; their edges add up to about 50 million kilometers – about a third of the way from the earth to the sun.
When they calculated how much carbon is being released from tree death at these edges, they found a 31 percent increase from current tropical deforestation estimates.
The earth's forests have been broken into around 50 million fragments, the edges of which add up to a length that would make it a third of the way to the sun and which increase annual tropical deforestation carbon emissions by 31 percent. This, according to a new study published recently in Nature Communications that reveals forest fragmentation may be much more destructive than previously thought.
A few hundred years ago, most large tropical forests stood vast and largely undisturbed. But since then, agriculture and extractive industries have moved in, whittling away forests to make room for cattle pasture and soy fields, palm oil plantations and acacia concessions.
Today, owing primarily to human pressures, many of the world's tropical forests exist as a collection of remnants. The Atlantic Forest is one of these. Once covering a huge swath of the eastern coast of Brazil and into Paraguay, Uruguay, and Argentina, the Atlantic Forest (called Mata Atlântica in Portuguese) has largely disappeared, and some researchers estimate just 3.5 percent may still remain – mostly as fragments interspersed in an expanse of pasture and cropland.
Research has shown that forest fragmentation can have dire effects on wildlife, leading to higher extinction rates than if a forest is simply reduced in size while remaining in one piece. But how fragmentation affects carbon emissions is something that scientists haven't been able to grasp – until now.
Enter researchers with the Helmholtz Center for Environmental Research and the University of Maryland. They drew on previous studies that showed tree mortality in tropical forests was affected significantly by where they trees were, with trees on the edges of forests having double the chances of dying in a given year. This is because vegetation at edges is exposed to harsher conditions like stronger wind, more intense solar radiation, and lower humidity than trees in the interior of forests. The research showed that this wasn't only affecting periphery trees, but also tree as far as a hundred meters into forests.
“Large trees suffer most from this development, because they are reliant on a good supply of water,” said Andreas Huth of the Hemholtz Center, coauthor of the study released this week.
But how much is this fragmentation edge effect contributing to carbon emissions and, thus, global warming? To find out, Huth and his colleagues developed their own software to analyze satellite data and determine just how many forest edges human disturbance has created.
Turns out, it's a lot – around 50 million kilometers of edges for as many fragments. Placed end-to-end, these forest edges would make it about a third of the way from the earth to the sun. According to the study's findings, 19 percent of the world's tropical forests are currently 100 meters (328 feet) or less from a forest edge.
Current estimates peg the volume of carbon emissions from the clearing of tropical forests at around 1,100 million metric tons annually. Using field data and computer modeling, the team calculated 340 million more metric tons of carbon may be released globally due to forest edge effects. In other words, the study finds forest fragmentation may be contributing 31 percent more carbon to the atmosphere than previous estimates are accounting for.
“Fragmentation therefore plays an important role in the global carbon cycle,” Huth said. “Despite this fact, this effect has not been taken into consideration at all in the IPCC reports to date.”
The IPCC to which Huth is referring is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the international body responsible for assessing science related to climate change. The IPCC's findings provide the scientific scaffolds that inform policymakers and underlie the negotiations at the UN Climate Conference – the United Nations Framework on Climate Change (UNFCCC). One component of the UNFCCC is REDD+ (Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation), a program that aims to keep tropical forests in the ground – and, thus, carbon out of the atmosphere – by providing financial incentives to the developing countries that contain them.
The researchers hope the influence of forest fragmentation on carbon emissions will be taken into account when it comes to climate change policies and programs.
“Our analyses show that forest fragmentation augments carbon emissions beyond those caused by deforestation,” they write in their study. “Although we expect that our study bases on conservative assumptions, they are already substantial enough to highlight the importance of forest fragmentation in the global carbon balance.”
Citations:
Brinck, K., Fischer, R., Groeneveld, J., Lehmann, S., De Paula, M. D., Pütz, S., … & Huth, A. (2017). High resolution analysis of tropical forest fragmentation and its impact on the global carbon cycle. Nature Communications, 8, 14855.
Hansen, M. C., P. V. Potapov, R. Moore, M. Hancher, S. A. Turubanova, A. Tyukavina, D. Thau, S. V. Stehman, S. J. Goetz, T. R. Loveland, A. Kommareddy, A. Egorov, L. Chini, C. O. Justice, and J. R. G. Townshend. 2013. “High-Resolution Global Maps of 21st-Century Forest Cover Change.” Science 342 (15 November): 850–53. Data available on-line from:http://earthenginepartners.appspot.com/science-2013-global-forest. Accessed through Global Forest Watch on March 31, 2017. www.globalforestwatch.org
Margono, B.A., P.V. Potapov, S. Turubanova, F. Stolle, and M.C. Hansen. “Indonesia primary forest.” Accessed through Global Forest Watch on March 31, 2017. www.globalforestwatch.org
Observatoire Satellital des forêts d'Afrique centrale, South Dakota State University, and University of Maryland. “Democratic Republic of the Congo primary forests”. Accessed through Global Forest Watch on March 31, 2017. www.globalforestwatch.org
FEEDBACK: Use this form to send a message to the editor of this post. If you want to post a public comment, you can do that at the bottom of the page.
Josh Miller/CNET
LOS ANGELES -- Google takes another step toward the release of its in-car infotainment and app integration software with the announcement and release of an Android Auto API. This announcement means that developers can start adapting their apps for the dashboard today. I was able to get some hands-on time with Android Auto from behind the wheel of a 2015 Hyundai Sonata at the Connected Car Expo preceding the 2014 LA Auto Show.
Currently, the API only supports two categories of apps for Android Auto integration, but over a dozen third-party app developers are already onboard with working apps. There are messaging apps including early partners TextMe, textPlus, Kik, and WhatsApp. When demonstrated in the Hyundai, these apps didn't display any text on the screen; rather the body of the message was read aloud by Google's text-to-speech engine. The driver is then given the option to reply via voice, without taking a hand off the steering wheel.
The other supported category is audio apps which enable simple browsing and audio playback from the car. This can include music, podcasts, and news apps. Among the first batch of these apps are iHeartRadio, Joyride, MLB.com, NPR, Pandora, PocketCasts, Songza, SoundCloud, Spotify, Stitcher, and Umano.
Josh Miller/CNET
In the car, these audio apps look largely identical to one another. Spotify, for example, looks just like Google's first-party Play Music app, but with green accents instead of orange and with a slightly different list of options that slide out from the screen's left edge. Google tells us that it is aiming for consistency and simplicity in Android Auto and that it wants its drivers to always know exactly where the onscreen skip and pause buttons are whether listening to NPR or MLB. This will help them to spend more time with eyes on the road and less time scrutinizing the screen. Additionally, Android Auto will be able to take advantage of steering wheel controls for skipping tracks and voice controls for switching apps.
Via voice, drivers will also be able to initiate voice searches and destination input for Google Maps navigation, listen and reply to incoming text messages, and initiate telephone calls. Being an offshoot of Android 5.0 Lollipop, Android Auto also integrates Google Now contextual voice search and displays a simplified Google Now card interface on its home screen with information about upcoming appointments, current weather, traffic conditions and commute times. The demonstrated voice input had just a bit of lag between speech and recognition, but the accuracy of the voice recognition was excellent even with our demonstrator's Scottish accent, and even when I stumbled over a few words while making requests.
Josh Miller/CNET
Once it's fully baked and available to the public, end users of Android 5.0 will enable Android Auto by downloading an app from the Google Play Store and then connecting to a compatible automobile or aftermarket car audio receiver via USB. This is similar to how Android Wear users have to download a controller app to feed data to their smartwatches and means that as this app is updated via Google Play, the in-car experience has the potential to update and become more refined.
Hyundai expects to offer this functionality to drivers of the 2015 Hyundai Sonata alongside its upcoming implementation of Apple's CarPlay software, which will give its drivers two cross-platform app-integration options, as well as the built-in first-party BlueLink software's functionality. Honda Motor Co. has also pledgedto offer Android Auto in its vehicles starting in 2015.
We Americans view U.S. citizenship as almost holy -- as holy as any secular status could be. The Supreme Court described the national sentiment in the 1967 case Afroyim v. Rusk: Our "citizenry is the country and the country is its citizenry." Because citizenship is so fundamental to our collective and individual identities, the Immigration and Nationality Act treats it with extreme respect. For example, a false claim to U.S. citizenship is the immigration law kiss of death. It permanently bars the false claimant from future applications for most types of immigration status.
It is therefore troubling that government attorneys find it appropriate to interpret citizenship statutes differently depending on what reading would lead to a denial of citizenship -- and ultimately deportation. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has correctly labeled this practice "unfair." I recently raised the problem with a Department of Justice attorney, who assured me that the practice amounts to garden-variety "litigation tactics" (the tactics for which lawyers are generally scorned).
I submit that the practice is worse than unfair. It is unethical and undermines clarity and predictability in the law. When the government interprets a citizenship statute, it should adhere consistently to its interpretation, or explain on a principled basis why a prior interpretation was incorrect.
What sounds like abstract theory has harsh real-life consequences. One of our clients in the Boston College Immigration Clinic -- whom I will call "Jack" -- spent almost a year in immigration detention before an Immigration Judge found that he was a citizen, against the government's protestations. During that time, another inmate hanged himself and was carted away on a stretcher, his hand dangling off the side. Needless to say, Jack experienced extreme anxiety while detained.
The issue in Jack's case was whether his father had "legitimated" him, which results in a child's automatic citizenship if and when his father naturalizes. Even as my students and I litigated Jack's case in immigration court, we were unaware that the government had submitted a brief in another case that presented the identical legal issue, following remand from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In its 39-page brief, submitted November 25, 2011, the government interpreted the relevant citizenship statute the same way we did. In other words, according to the government's logic, Jack was a citizen. But neither the Immigration Judge nor the clinic knew that the government had adopted our statutory interpretation in one case, while advancing a contrary position in Jack's.
A few weeks after the Immigration Judge concluded that Jack was a citizen, he was finally released from detention. This was on February 28, 2012 -- more than three months after the government filed its brief in the parallel case. At that time, we were still entirely unaware of the brief's existence. I learned of the government's brief, and its conflicting statutory interpretations, only several months later, when lawyers from the National Immigrant Justice Center provided me with a copy.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE shot back at Mitt Romney on Saturday after the 2012 presidential candidate intensified his attacks on this year's presumptive GOP presidential nominee this weekend.
ADVERTISEMENT
During a rally in Pittsburgh, Pa., Trump mocked Romney for his 2012 election loss to President Obama and vowed that his campaign would succeed where Romney's failed.
“The guy was on yesterday, CNN. And I said to myself, ‘It's absolutely pathetic.' He lost. He choked — like a dog, he choked. And now it's time for somebody else. We're gonna win, folks. I don't choke.”
On Friday night, Romney blasted Trump for promoting “trickle-down” racism, misogyny and bigotry. The real estate mogul mocked him for the attacks.
“'He's a trickle-down racist and a misogynist,'" Trump said, paraphrasing Romney. "Now I know why he lost — you talk about communication.
“He doesn't know what a misogynist is,” he added.
Jeff Turner/Flickr
The fundamentals of the economy are, well, okay.
It's been slow and steady, but the recovery has chugged along enough to get us back to something close to normal. The economy has surpassed its pre-crisis peak, unemployment is at a six-year low, and stocks have more than tripled from their 2009 low. It's not the best of times, but it's certainly not the worst -- which was a very real possibility after Lehman Brothers' bankruptcy threatened to send us into a second Great Depression.
President Obama and his fellow Democrats, naturally, would like to claim some of the credit for that. If voters credited them with this economic turnaround, Obama and his party might have a better chance of holding the Senate this fall, an outcome that looks precarious. Indeed, Obama will give a high-profile speech Thursday at Northwestern University, trying to remind voters of all the economic success he's had.
Unfortunately for Obama, though, voters have rewarded him for the upbeat economic news by starting to trust Republicans more on the economy. What in the name of Phil Gramm is going on?
Part of this mystery isn't one at all: the economy simply isn't as healthy as the headline numbers suggest. Unemployment has fallen, in part, because so many people have given up looking for work rather than finding it, and there are still millions of part-timers who want full-time jobs.
But then there are deeper factors at work. The economy has gotten bigger, but much of that growth hasn't reached the middle class. Indeed, the top 1 percent grabbed 95 percent of all the gains during the recovery's first three years. And that's not even the most depressing part. Even adjusted for household size, real median incomes haven't increased at all since 1999. That's right: the middle class hasn't gotten a raise in 15 years.
But one of the biggest, and least appreciated reasons Democrats might be struggling, is that the middle class is poorer, too. Median net worth is actually lower, adjusted for inflation, than it was in 1989. Even worse, it's kept falling during the recovery.
Yes, even after the economy started to grow again, and the stock market started to boom, and housing prices began to bounce back, the median net worth of the average American household continued to decline.
This is a story about stocks and houses. The middle class doesn't have much of the former, which has rebounded sharply, but has lots of the latter, which hasn't. Indeed, only 9.2 percent of the middle 20 percent of households owns stocks, versus almost half of the top 20 percent. So the middle class has not only missed out on getting a raise, but also on the big bull market the past five years.
The only thing they haven't missed out on was the housing bust: 63 percent of that middle quintile own their homes, which are more likely to be a financial albatross than asset. And it doesn't help that, with student loans hitting $1.2 trillion, people have to take out more and more debt just to try to stay in, or join, the middle class.
It's no surprise, then, that people are still so gloomy about the economy. The recovery just hasn't been much of one, if at all, for most of them. Middle class wages are flat, and their wealth is still falling. At least during the bubble years, rising home prices gave people access to credit that helped mask their stagnant wages. But no more. Home equity lines of credit are down almost 25 percent from their peak, and are still declining. The middle class, in other words, can't borrow from the future to pretend that the economy is working for them today.
But people won't be happy until they don't have to pretend anymore.
After finishing the Netflix series Making A Murderer last month, Milwaukee comedian Ryan Holman had an idea for a joke.
“I remember that I had a key chain that looked kind of like the one in the show,” Holman says. “I just thought it would be funny. The whole thing hit me, how I'd write it.”
Placing the key chain resembling the one discovered—or planted, depending on who you ask—by Manitowoc County Sheriffs in Steven Avery's trailer beside a pair of his shoes, Holman snapped a photo and posted it on his Instagram account, with a joke about it being immediately found by sheriffs. Roughly a month later, that photograph and the accompanying joke have been viewed and shared by millions of people. It's been referred to as one of the funniest memes made in the wildly popular docu-series' honor by both noted national and international publications. It's remained a fixture of the #MakingAMurderer categories on Instagram, Twitter, Imgur, Facebook, Reddit, and every other viable social media site since the meme's creation.
Having a joke reach so many people on so many platforms is an incredible means of exposure for an aspiring stand-up comic. At least it is when the original source gets credit for it. Ryan Holman didn't.
Someone (or some people) wrote the crux of Holman's joke on the photo he snapped, posted it online without attribution, and started it on its way to going viral, as it steadily pushed ever deeper into public consciousness on numerous sites by a building wave of people—few of them aware of or concerned with who originally created it.
“At this point, it's all over the place. It's such a weird, silly area because I feel silly for wanting credit, when I really shouldn't feel that,” Holman says. “I do think it seems kind of petty, but as a comedian who writes jokes, you want to have some credit for the joke that you made.”
New York-based reporter Kate Briquelet—an Oshkosh, Wisconsin native and former Milwaukee Record contributor—might understand how Holman feels. After developing a crush on Avery's defense attorneys Dean Strang and Jerome Buting, The Daily Beast writer used a phone application to whip up an innocent valentine featuring the lawyers surrounded by terms like “Girl Crush” and a cascade of hearts in order to show “how everyone on the Internet was behaving” after watching the series.
“A couple people liked it. Nobody really noticed when I first posted it,” Briquelet says. “All of a sudden, everyone started retweeting it and it went totally bonkers.”
Within a week of being tweeted, Briquelet's collage found its way to actors Dax Shepard and Kristen Bell before being displayed on network news and various online articles, including the front page of Daily Beast competitor Buzzfeed.
“I started to see Kristen Bell's name in all these articles with the picture and everyone thought that they made it,” Briquelet says. “After it started to take a life of its own, I started to feel like I had no control of it anymore. It's just something I made and put out into the atmosphere.”
Briquelet confronted Shepard about his use of the meme without providing credit. The actor claimed he and his spouse were sent the image by someone else and they were unable to trace it back to its initial source. He even sent her screen shots from his phone to justify his claims.
“This isn't high art and I don't expect royalties or anything like that,” Briquelet says. “I've never made something or set out to make something that would go viral and appear on CBS morning news and every single news website ever, so basically, I'm just learning to let it go.”
Holman, too, attempted to locate the initial perpetrator, the patient zero responsible for exposing his work to so many. Given the popularity of the meme, the search ultimately proved to be futile. On January 7, he posted a revised version of the shoes meme to his social media accounts, this time with a watermark displaying his handle and an explanation of what happened. At the time this article was posted, it has amassed just 65 likes on Instagram.
“I feel like it's so weird and nerdy to try and get credit for what you did in this day and age,” Holman says. “I'm kind of in this middle ground. I don't want to sound like, ‘Oh my god, that's my joke! Give me credit for my joke!' but at the same time, I made a joke that's been shared a million times around the country. It's my picture and it's just kind of floating out there with no credit.”
For Briquelet, a self-proclaimed “lonely journalist in New York City” with no aspirations for a career in design nor entertainment, getting credit seems secondary to the knowledge she created something that's making people happy. However, she was admittedly puzzled to see her valentine had inspired a design by SweetAmbs, a gourmet cookie company with close to two million Facebook likes, that was posted on Tastemade's Facebook page (nearly eight million likes). The video showing the “Dean and Jerry cookie crush,” and has already been viewed close to three million times since being posted January 16.
“There are tons of memes out there and it's not like we know who created them. There's not a copyright stamp next to the picture,” Briqulet says. “I'm really happy that other people saw it and took joy in it, but I don't want it to spread to the point where people start monetizing it. I just thought it was a cute little graphic, but I hope someone doesn't use it to make a buck.”
These days, the breakneck speed in which the Internet moves in its ongoing effort to churn out the next topical rendering and feed its reference-hungry populace seems to make the concept of credit secondary, if not altogether unnecessary. Unless enough slighted parties band together against a common force (as comedians did last year to acknowledge joke thievery by Josh “The Fat Jew” Ostrovsky after Time Magazine called him “one of the 30 most influential people on the Internet”), memes will continue to be hastily piled on the heap with seemingly no urgency for author or artist acknowledgement.
At this point, it's impossible to determine the first person to use the term “bae,” figure out who coined the term “broke the Internet,” or know exactly whose hand is inching food ever closer to TV screens showing Ryan Gosling before the actor turns away. It's probably more likely that we'll sooner get the name of the cat starring in the pet meme du jour than the person who shot the photo or typed the accompanying text. At the height of the Making A Murderer craze, two people with Wisconsin ties and different motivations added to the conversation. While their contribution to the conversation has been repeated, shared, and referenced millions upon millions of times, few people will ever know where it started. And with the collective conversation bound to move to another topic in a matter of days, it seems as if few people will ever care.
“I do get that the Internet is a lawless place where most people who are sharing aren't passing it off as their own,” Holman says. “The thing is, in like a week, it's going to go away and not matter anymore.”
Two new character greeting experiences debut this spring at Disney's Hollywood Studios, where you can step into scenes with some of your favorite Disney characters, as they live out their Hollywood dreams. Coming in spring 2016 to the Echo Lake district at Disney's Hollywood Studios is the all-new Celebrity Spotlight, the perfect place for a dream encounter with one of Disney's latest stars. At opening, you are invited into the Celebrity Spotlight to meet lovable snowman Olaf, from Disney's blockbuster film “Frozen.” Olaf will be living his dream “In Summer,” chilling on the beach and ready with warm hugs for all his friends.
Also opening this spring is “Mickey and Minnie Starring in Red Carpet Dreams,” located just off Commissary Lane near the Sci-Fi Dine-In Theater Restaurant. Here you can join Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse, as they're living the dream as A-list Hollywood stars. You'll walk the red carpet and step into a scene with Minnie, where she appears as a Tinsel Town starlet in a ritzy setting straight out of a lush and colorful musical extravaganza. Nearby, you will find Mickey portraying his iconic role of the Sorcerer's Apprentice from “Fantasia.”
For Disney character fans, this spring at Disney's Hollywood Studios promises to be a dream come true!
Gay political pundit Iain Dale has said there are married MPs having gay affairs who plan to vote same-sex marriage
A gay political pundit has said there are closeted politicians who are planning to vote against marriage equality tomorrow (5 February).
Iain Dale, a former Conservative politician, has said while he does not believe in ‘outing' anyone, he knows others who will take a different view of ‘rank hypocrisy'.
He said: ‘I've been looking at the Coalition for Equal Marriage's website, and their list of MPs who intend to vote against allowing gay people to marry on Tuesday.
‘I note with interest the names of several MPs who most people in the Westminster Village know to be closet case gays. And I note also the names of two supposedly straight MPs who I know to be conducting gay affairs at the moment.
‘I don't believe in ‘outing' anyone, but because of the rank hypocrisy there will be others who will take a different view.'
The 50-year-old author added: ‘How is it possible to be married yourself, and yet at the same time vote to deny that privilege to someone whose pants you have just pulled down?'
There are two openly gay MPs who have spoken out against the marriage equality plans, Conor Burns and Ben Bradshaw.
Burns, who said there is no ‘clamour' for it in the gay community, and Bradshaw, who said the fight for equality was a case of ‘semantics'.
However Bradshaw has said he will vote for marriage equality, with Burns yet to say whether he was for or against it.
Dale has also written a letter that has been sent to all MPs in the House of Commons.
In it, he states: ‘In ten years time, when we look back on this debate, I suspect there will be very few people who will want to turn the clock back.
‘Equal marriage has been introduced in many other countries, including Catholic Spain and Protestant Holland. So far as I know it has not undermined straight marriage at all.
‘Each of you will know someone who is gay. A son or daughter. A work colleague. The guy who owns the shop where you buy your morning paper. Your researcher.
‘Can you really justify saying to any of them: “I am happy to vote to deny you the very same privileges and honour of marriage that I , as a straight man or woman enjoy?” Think on that.'
Within weeks, President Barack Obama's administration is set to unveil unprecedented emissions limits on power plants across the United States, much to the dismay of many Democratic candidates who are running for election in energy-producing states. Fearful of a political backlash, they wish their fellow Democrat in the White House would hold off until after the voting. But Obama can't wait that long. Unlike the Keystone XL oil pipeline, whose review the administration has delayed, probably until after November's elections, the clock is ticking for the power plant rules — the cornerstone of Obama's campaign to curb climate change. Unless he starts now, the rules won't be in place before he leaves office. If they're not set when he leaves, it will be easier for his successor to stop them. So even though the action could bolster Republican attacks against some of this year's most vulnerable Democrats, the administration is proceeding at full speed. Obama's counselor on climate issues, John Podesta, affirmed that the proposal will be unveiled in early June, just as this year's general election is heating up. "Having this debate now will only injure Democrats," said Hank Sheinkopf, a longtime Democratic strategist. "Democrats are in trouble." To be sure, Americans generally support cutting pollution. A Pew Research Center poll late last year found 65 percent of Americans favor "setting stricter emission limits on power plants in order to address climate change," while 30 percent were opposed. But Democrats are fighting most of their toughest races this year in conservative-leaning states that rely heavily on the energy industry, including Louisiana, Arkansas, Kentucky, West Virginia, Alaska and Montana. Already, conservative groups have spent millions accusing Democrats in those states of supporting energy policies that would impede local jobs and economic development. Never mind that it's the Obama administration — not House or Senate candidates — drafting the rules. Even when Democrats try to distance themselves from Obama on the issue, Republicans say that's evidence that congressional Democrats are unable to rein in their party's out-of-control president.
Rollout process
Last year, the administration proposed the first-ever carbon dioxide limits on newly built power plants. Climate activists say the next step — rules cracking down on existing plants — is even more critical to curbing the pollutants blamed for global warming. In contrast to the rules for new plants, the Clean Air Act doesn't let the government regulate emissions from existing plants directly. Instead, the government will issue guidelines for reducing emissions. Then each state will develop its own plan to meet those guidelines. Rolling out such regulations is complicated, and the Environmental Protection Agency is notorious for missing deadlines. There's little wiggle room for delay in the process, as laid out in an executive order Obama signed last year: In early June the EPA is supposed to propose the overall rule, known as a draft. Then there's a full year in which the public can comment. The EPA reviews those comments and makes any revisions before finalizing in June 2015. States then have another full year to submit their implementation plans, by June 2016. The EPA must then review each plan individually before deciding whether to accept it or force a state back to the drawing board. Expect litigation, especially in Republican-led states that oppose the rules to begin with.
Proposals fall short
Two weeks shy of his first birthday, doctors began feeding Jose Wesley Campos through a nose tube because swallowing problems had left him dangerously underweight.
Learning how to feed is the baby's latest struggle as medical problems mount for him and many other infants born with small heads to mothers infected with the Zika virus in Brazil.
"It hurts me to see him like this. I didn't want this for him," said Jose's mother, Solange Ferreira, breaking into tears as she cradled her son.
A year after a spike in the number of newborns with the defect known as microcephaly, doctors and researchers have seen many of the babies develop swallowing difficulties, epileptic seizures and vision and hearing problems.
While more study is needed, the conditions appear to be causing more severe problems in these infants than in patients born with small heads because of the other infections known to cause microcephaly, such as German measles and herpes. The problems are so particular that doctors are now calling the condition congenital Zika syndrome.
"We are seeing a lot of seizures. And now they are having many problems eating, so a lot of these children start using feeding tubes," said Dr. Vanessa Van der Linden, a pediatric neurologist in Recife who was one of the first doctors to suspect that Zika caused microcephaly.
Zika, mainly transmitted by mosquito, was not known to cause birth defects until a large outbreak swept through northeastern states in Latin America's largest nation, setting off alarm worldwide. Numerous studies confirmed the link.
Seven percent of the babies with microcephaly that Van der Linden and her team have treated were also born with arm and leg deformities that had not previously been linked to other causes of microcephaly, she said.
To complicate matters, there are babies whose heads were normal at birth but stopped growing proportionally months later. Other infants infected with the virus in the womb did not have microcephaly but developed different problems, such as a patient of Van der Linden's who started having difficulties moving his left hand.
"We may not even know about the ones with slight problems out there," Van der Linden said. "We are writing the history of this disease."
On a recent day, Jose laid on a blue mat wearing just brown moccasins and a diaper, his bony chest pressed by a respiratory therapist helping him clear congested airways.
Jose, who has been visited by The Associated Press three times in the last year, is like a newborn. He is slow to follow objects with his crossed eyes. His head is unsteady when he tries to hold it up, and he weighs less than 13 pounds, far below the 22 pounds that is average for a baby his age.
Breathing problems make his cries sound like gargling, and his legs stiffen when he is picked up. To see, he must wear tiny blue-rimmed glasses, which makes him fussy.
Arthur Conceicao, who recently turned 1, has seizures every day despite taking medication for epilepsy. He also started taking high-calorie formula through a tube after he appeared to choke during meals.
"It's every mom's dream to see their child open his mouth and eat well," said his mother, Rozilene Ferreira, adding that each day seems to bring new problems.
Studies are underway to determine if the timing of the infection during pregnancy affects the severity of the abnormalities, said Ricardo Ximenes, a researcher at the Fiocruz Institute in Recife.
Also, three groups of babies whose mothers were infected with Zika are being followed for a study funded by the U.S. National Institutes of Health. The groups include infants born with microcephaly, some born with normal-sized heads found to have brain damage or other physical problems and babies who have not had any symptoms or developmental delays.
At birth, Bernardo Oliveira's head measured more than 13 inches, well within the average range. His mother, Barbara Ferreira, thought her child was spared from the virus that had infected her during pregnancy and stricken many newborns in maternity wards in her hometown of Caruaru, a small city 80 miles west of Recife.
But Bernardo cried nonstop. The pediatrician told Ferreira that her baby was likely colicky and would get better by the third month. Instead, the crying got worse, so Ferreira took him to a government-funded event where neurologists were seeing patients with suspected brain damage.
"At the end of the second month, beginning of the third, his head stopped growing," Ferreira said. "Bernardo was afflicted by the Zika virus after all. I was in despair."
In Brazil, the government has reported 2,001 cases of microcephaly or other brain malformations in the last year. So far, only 343 have been confirmed by tests to have been caused by Zika, but the Health Ministry argues that the rest are most likely caused by the virus.
Health Minister Ricardo Barros said there was a drop of 85 percent in microcephaly cases in August and September compared to those months last year, when the first births started worrying pediatricians. He credited growing awareness of the virus and government attempts to combat mosquitoes through spraying campaigns.
Despite all the problems, some infants with the syndrome are showing signs of progress.
On a recent evening, 11-month-old Joao Miguel Silva Nunes pulled himself up in his playpen and played peek-a-boo with his mother, Rosileide da Silva.
"He is my source of pride," Silva said. "He makes me feel that things are working out."
Washington (CNN) The U.S. "sees indications" that North Korea is "likely preparing" for some type of weapons test in association with the 70th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers Party on October 10, a U.S. official told CNN.
A likely scenario is that North Korea will attempt, for the first time, to test a submarine-launched medium-range ballistic missile at sea off its eastern coast, according to two U.S. officials familiar with the latest intelligence. The test is seen by the U.S. as part of the regime's "usual provocative efforts."
In May, the regime published photos of what it said was leader Kim Jong-un standing in front of a submarine at sea, launching a missile, but U.S. intelligence experts said there was no electronic, infrared or satellite data to suggest a launch had occurred and that only the on-board ejection system was tested.
So far, there is no international notice for ships to remain out of any particular area in anticipation of a test, the official added. North Korea could also fire some short-range missiles, a more typical maneuver by the regime. Several U.S. officials said some type of "show of force" by the regime has been planned, but the exact timing remains to be seen.
U.S. and international monitors are also closely watching land-based missile launch sites and known nuclear test facilities for any indications of activity.
Read More
Popular security software developer Comodo has developed a Chrome remix said to have higher security features than its predecessors. Comodo Dragon is an aesthetically minimalist browser that is attractive, responsive, and secure.
Apart from the red hue, the Chromium-based browser's interface is identical to that of market contender Google Chrome. From the detachable tabs at the top of the screen to the bookmark-syncing option, it is impossible to instantly recognize where the "remix" takes place. The Help tab even redirects you to Google Chrome's Help page and the Extensions tab redirects you to Google as well. It also keeps Chrome's incognito mode option, where all browsing information and cookies are deleted following the user's Web session. Upon poking around the Options menu, there are a couple of visible differences: there are no location settings and Dragon does not present an option to send "usage statistics and crash reports to Google."
A browser developed by a company that is best known for its firewall software can leave people feeling more secure about their Internet usage. Comodo Dragon will pull up a bright-yellow caution message warning people that sending information may be unsafe when they are entering a Web site with an unstable security certificate. One such message pops up even when logging into large sites like Facebook. Also, Dragon does not send browsing information to a remote server.
Based on simple timer tests run on Microsoft Windows XP Service Pack 3, the average cold start-up time was 4.53 seconds, warm start-up was 0.92s, and navigation time from nytimes.com to facebook.com was 0.87s. Comodo Dragon proves to have slightly faster page-loading speed than Google Chrome 5.0.375.70, which had results of 5.71s, 1.27s, and 1.23s, respectively. However, in Sunspider JavaScript benchmark testing, Comodo Dragon received an average score of 929.6 milliseconds, whereas Google got 734ms. Based on these results, Google may have faster JavaScript performance than Comodo.
Dragon is not only fast, but like Google Chrome, it is not strewn with numerous icons, leaving more room for Web viewing. For those who are extra cautious about their online security, or for those who are worried about Google's data-mining, this fast browser is a great choice.
Things took a contentious turn when Chris Christie sat down with Nicolle Wallace Tuesday to discuss Robert Mueller‘s investigation.
It started out innocently enough as Wallace addressed Fox News' recent smear campaign against the acting FBI director. “Riddle me this,” she said, “if you're innocent of collusion, why would you malign or green light attacks that would have the effect of maligning a special counsel investigation that could exonerate you?”
Christie––who praised Mueller but had some criticisms regarding issues surrounding the investigation––pointed out that it my be a case of history repeating. “I think the special counsel investigation will ultimately be judged by the results of that investigation. You're going to hear a a lot of yelling back and forth, partisan yelling for the most part on both sides.”
Wallace refuted that argument saying she doesn't recall a member of the Democratic party comparing the FBI to the KGB.
After a few calm minutes, the Christie coaster sped up.
Wallace continued to grill the former New Jersey governor with several back to back questions regarding his knowledge into Trump's involvement with Russia.
“Who are you? Do you work for Mueller now?” Christie fired back at Wallace.
The Christie coaster slowed down long enough for him and Wallace to exchange in some playful banter about the FBI and Trump favorite judge, Fox News' Judge Jeanine Pirro.
Watch the clip above, via MSNBC.
[image via screengrab]
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Here it is guys…The Wing Zero EP. I decided to leak it a day early! This is definitely a solid nerdcore / otaku rap project to add to your collection! I really hope you guys enjoy this as much as I did making it. How much will this cost you? Absolutely nothing, the album's completely free! I really appreciate the support I've been getting from you guys, so consider this a token of my appreciation! All I ask is that you follow me on Twitter @richiebranson, subscribe to my youtube channel “richiebranson” and most importantly… contact your favorite anime / manga / japanese pop culture / hip-hop / gaming / music news / etc. blogs and websites and let them know about this project! Click the link below to download now!
Download HERE
After going 21 years between NCAA tournament appearances, the UNO men's basketball team did not even have to wait 21 seconds to find out where it was headed when the bracket was revealed Sunday afternoon.
The very first pairing shown was the Privateers (20-11) versus Mount St. Mary's (19-15) in a First Four game at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in Dayton, Ohio — causing an immediate eruption from the players and fans at the viewing party on campus. The winner will face defending national champion (and No. 1 overall seed) Villanova on Thursday in an East regional game in Buffalo, New York.
“It caught me in shock because it was so quick,” senior guard Christavious Gill said. “The (CBS selection) show had just come on. I looked at it, and then I jumped up with all the excitement for me, my teammates, my coaches, the university and the city, everybody. I'm just really excited about the opportunity.”
Some teams get angry when they are slotted in the First Four, figuring they aren't really in the tournament unless they win their play-in game. Not UNO.
The celebration was loud and proud, with players dancing and hugging one another while a brass band began playing nonstop music. About 200 fans showed up to celebrate with the team, creating a wild atmosphere at a school that has not had cause to party like this about athletics in a long time.
“I'm just happy to be there,” Gill said. “We'll take it any way it comes. It may be an advantage. We may get the pressure off us in the first game, and we'll be ready for the second game.”
Gill was one of the few Privateers who knew anything about Mount St. Mary's, an Emmitsburg, Maryland, school with a student enrollment of slightly more than 2,000. Mount St. Mary's, like UNO in the Southland, won the regular-season and tournament titles in the Northeast Conference.
Unlike UNO, the Mountaineers started 1-11 against a rough schedule of power conference teams before getting into league play.
“I watched them play in their conference championship game (a 71-61 victory against Saint Francis of Pennsylvania),” Gill said. “It should be a pretty good matchup.”
The logistics will not be easy for UNO, but they never are for the teams that play Tuesday. Coach Mark Slessinger still had not figured out whether the Privateers would practice before flying Monday to Dayton, but he has experience in that department.
When he was an assistant coach at Northwestern State, his team played in the first play-in game in 2001, beating Winthrop — a fact he pointed out four times in one sentence after UNO's overtime victory Saturday against Texas A&M-Corpus Christi in the Southland tournament championship game.
“There's no better basketball city for the NCAA tournament than Dayton,” he said. “It is a phenomenal place and one of the absolute best basketball venues in America. I'll never forget: You walk in there, and that bright blue carpet is laid out, it's clean and it's just a different feeling than the other places I've been in the NCAA tournament.”
UNO celebrated hard after beating Corpus on Saturday night, but to a man, the Privateers insisted they would be ready Tuesday. After a postgame dinner at Whataburger in Katy, Texas, the got back to their team hotel around 3 a.m. before heading back to New Orleans on Sunday morning.
“Our goals were very clear when they set them at the beginning of the year,” Slessinger said. “We wanted to win the league, we wanted to go the NCAA tournament and we wanted to win games there. We're just not going to show up. We're not happy showing up. We've got a goal, and we've trained all year to go to win the next 40 minutes — not to just show up.”
After winning the rebounding battle in the Southland championship game 40-25 against a physical Corpus team, the Privateers like how they match up with Mount St. Mary's, which is not as big or athletic as the Islanders.
“Despite our size, we're real physical,” senior guard Nate Frye said. “That's what got us a championship. I know one thing won't change: We'll always play hard and play together, be smart and pass up good shots for great shots like Coach talks about. We're going to get this win.”
Slessinger was thankful for the Southland tournament format that gave UNO a double bye to the semifinals, saving the Privateers' legs a bit because they had to win only two games in two days. If they had played three times, the turnaround to Tuesday's matchup with rested Mount St. Mary's would have been much tougher. Mount St. Mary's won its title game Tuesday in a format that spaced out its three games over seven days.
UNO had a case to avoid the First Four. Its RPI was better than five of the other teams in the field, and only four automatic qualifiers participate in those games. But late-season losses to Southeastern Louisiana and Northwestern State sealed the Privateers' fate, in Slessinger's view.
“I thought we would be in a play-in game,” he said. “Those losses were too much to overcome in the eyes of the committee, but that's OK. We're excited to go play. I'm undefeated in Dayton.”
Brace yourselves, New Yorkers: a new Penn Station is officially coming—for real this time. Today, Governor Andrew Cuomo unveiled plans for the forthcoming Pennsylvania Station-Farley Complex, along with announcing the developers and builders who will collaborate on the project. The plans call for a brand new, 255,000-square-foot train hall, which will accommodate both Amtrak and Long Island Rail Road passengers, that's scheduled to be completed by the end of 2020. (Yes, you read that date right.)
This comes after Governor Cuomo announced an RFP for the revamped complex back in January, seeking partners to work with the Empire State Development Corporation, Amtrak, and the MTA to revitalize Penn Station—which the governor today called "the LaGuardia of train stations" (and we all know how much he loves that particular piece of transit infrastructure).
Unsurprisingly, the partnership is made up of some of the real estate business's biggest names: Related Companies, Vornado Realty, and Skanska. Those three companies will work together, using the designs proposed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, to bring the revamped Penn Station to life.
Here are the biggest takeaways:
The James A. Farley Post Office building has been "reimagined from the original plan," which had called for the building to hold only Amtrak. Now, it will measure 250,000 square feet (larger than Grand Central Terminal), and will be known as the Moynihan Train Hall. It will hold Amtrak and the LIRR, along with 700,000 square feet of retail and office space. The design is similar to the renderings, created by SOM, that were revealed in January, with a dramatic glass skylight (meant to reference McKim, Mead & White's old Penn Station) arching over the concourse.
The LIRR concourses that currently sit within Penn Station will be redeveloped, and headed up by the MTA. This will include "nearly tripling the width of the 33rd Street Corridor, which is among the busiest sections of Penn Station and stretches along the station's lower level from Seventh to Eighth Avenue." An RFP will be issued for this work today, and a contractor may be chosen before the end of the year.
Both subway stations that service Penn Station—the A/C/E at Eighth Avenue and the 1/2/3 at Seventh Avenue—will be completely redone in keeping with the MTA's plans, announced earlier this year, to upgrade 31 stations throughout the entire system.
There are many other elements to the redesign: for example, the revamped Penn Station will get a tech-friendly upgrade, with free Wi-Fi, USB and laptop charging stations, and real-time train updates to be installed throughout the concourse.
Cuomo estimated that the Train Hall will cost about $1.6 billion altogether, with $600 million coming from the developer of the retail within the hall; $570 million from the Empire State Development Corporation; and $425 million from Amtrak, LIRR, Port Authority, and the federal government. Revamping the LIRR corridor within Penn Station will cost $170 million, and the subway station revamps will cost $50 million.
Less clear from the massive presentation that Cuomo unveiled during today's presser (which was actually a luncheon for the Association for a Better New York) was SOM's role in all of this. The firm has been attached to the Moynihan redevelopment for decades, and it provided new renderings of the Train Hall and the LIRR concourse, but they were not mentioned by name during the half-hour presentation.
SOM issued a statement, saying this: "SOM has provided pre-construction architectural, engineering and consulting services for the Train Hall work and will continue in that role thru the Construction Phases of the Train Hall. SOM is also the architect for the Related/Vornado/Skanska team and we look forward to working with them on the next phase of the project.​"
There also wasn't much talk of how Madison Square Garden will factor in to all of this, though there was this:
Cuomo says "Madison Square Garden is Madison Square Garden." He is not a supporter of moving the arena. So that's (probably) that. — Second Ave. Sagas (@2AvSagas) September 27, 2016
So there you go, New York: a "world-class 21st-century transportation hub," all due to arrive (God willing) by 2020. What do you think of the plans? Share your thoughts in the comments—the renderings for the new Moynihan Train Hall are below:
And the new LIRR concourse renderings:
Watch: Take a tour of Grand Central Station
The official website of Bandai Namco Entertainment's upcoming Dragon Ball Fusions Nintendo 3DS game revealed the game's first print limited edition bonuses and its Nintendo 3DS bundle on Monday.
The Nintendo 3DS bundle includes a New Nintendo 3DS LL (XL in North America) unit with a Dragon Ball Fusions themed design. The bundle also includes the unit's documentation, warranty, a copy of the game, an original menu theme, and the contents of the first print limited edition.
First print limited editions will include a download code that allows players to use Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan Son Goku immediately from the start of the game, and a card that can be used in the Dragon Ball Heroes arcade game (seen below).
The game is slated for August 4, and will retail for 5,700 yen (about US$52). The Nintendo 3DS bundle will retail for 23,700 yen (US$215).
An earlier issue of Weekly Shonen Jump had described the game as follows:
You (the protagonist) and Pinijji wish for Shenron to start the greatest and strongest martial arts tournament. He grants your wish, and the "Jikūichi Budōkai" (Number 1 in Time Space Martial Arts Tournament) begins!
Naomi Shindoh will voice Pinijji in the game. The game will put a large focus on fusion characters. By using a Capsule Corp-made bracelet, new fusions called "EX Fusions" have become possible. New fusions include Karoly (Kakarot (Goku) x Broly; spelled the same way as "calorie" in Japanese), Gorillin (young Goku x Krillin), Krigohan (Gohan x Krillin; a pun on the word chestnut rice), and Prillin (Piccolo x Krillin).
A manga adaptation of the game debuted in Shueisha's Saikyo Jump magazine on April 1.
Source: Famitsu
Elio Casareto, empresário de Carrillo, esteve em Sevilha e fechou o negócio com o clube andaluz, que pagará 1,5 milhões de euros por ano ao futebolista internacional peruano, um valor idêntico ao que o Sporting lhe tinha proposto no âmbito de uma renovação.
Elio Casareto, empresário de Carrillo, esteve em Sevilha e fechou o negócio com o clube andaluz, que pagará 1,5 milhões de euros por ano ao futebolista internacional peruano, um valor idêntico ao que o Sporting lhe tinha proposto no âmbito de uma renovação.
O Sevilha terá assegurado a contratação de André Carrillo, de acordo com notícias veiculadas em dois meios de comunicação social andaluzes, que de imediato tiveram eco no Peru, país natal do extremo cuja ligação ao Sporting termina em junho de 2016.Radio Sevilla e Canal Sur deram conta na segunda-feira que o Sevilha, acedendo a um pedido do treinador Unay Emery, garantiu Carrillo como reforço para a temporada 2016/17. Notícias na comunicação social peruana, como são exemplo oa jornaia "Líbero" e "Depor" e o site "peru.com", adiantaram depois que a transferência do extremo ficou assente desde já de forma a bloquear a concorrência do Valencia, FC Porto ou Galatasaray. O contrato será de três temporadas.
Rush Limbaugh laughed about Japanese refugees recycling after the earthquake that struck the country on his Tuesday show.
A caller asked Limbaugh, "If these are the people that invented the Prius, have mastered public transportation, recycling, why did Mother Earth, Gaia if you will, hit them with this disaster?"
Limbaugh called this an "interesting question," and played a clip of ABC's Diane Sawyer reporting from a shelter in Japan. In the clip, Sawyer is surprised that the refugees in the shelter have maintained a recycling program. Limbaugh first mocked Sawyer, doing an impression of her and saying that "she sounds like she saw her husband for the first time in six months." He then turned to his caller's question.
"He's right," Limbaugh said. "They've given us the Prius. Even now, refugees are recycling their garbage." Here, he began to laugh, continuing, "and yet, Gaia levels them! Just wipes them out!"
This angle has been something of a theme for Limbaugh; last week, he wondered if environmentalists would "cheer" the quake.
Watch (via Media Matters):
Wildstar Galeras Explorer Missions Guide
Wildstar Galeras Explorer Missions guide with walkthroughs for all the explorer missions. Galeras is a level 14-22 zone for the Exile.
Staking Claim – Galeras
Map
1. Overrun Outpost (4760, –2594)
2. Nibben's Fields (4995, –1893)
3. The Growling Forest (4899, –2586)
4. Kendra's Roan Ranch (5097, –2679)
5. Crimson Base of Operations (4881, –3044)
6. Noxbane Prison Camp (4639, –3079)
7. Hidden Hills (4750, –3371)
8. Control Site: Focus of Air (5352, –3471)
9. Skywind Ruins (5563, –3065)
10. Sandswept Pass (5538, –2599)
11. Thundercall Ritual Circle (5597, –2013)
12. Mudraker Roost (6272, –2658)
13. Broodlord's Roost (6624, –2687)
14. Temple of Osiric (6285, –3194)
15. Feathersquall Ridge (6049, –2103)
16. Kel Vishal (5850, –1748)
Scavenger Hunt
Scavenger Hunt: Fascinating Find (Nibben's Ranch)
Quest starter is Explorer Hailstone in Nibben's Ranch (5154, –2008)
1. If I were you, I'd check the buzzbing honeycombs
2. Rumor has it that somethin' is buried near a tree stump at the Wrecked Winery (5283, –2061). Have to dig it.
3. Them ravenok like to pick up bits of stuff for their nests. You try lookin' there? (5015, –1874). Have to dig it.
Scavenger Hunt: Unearthly Scavenge (Winding Ridge)
Talk to Rocky Moreland first to get clues.
1. It looks as if that augmented critter is lookin' for a place to bury that Eldan relic fragment
Kill the Augmented Gustclaws in the area to get a drop
2. Not like those relic fragments are gonna fly off on their own right?
Kill the augmented sickleswarm bee in this location to get a drop
3. Have you checked one of these rocky crevices? It's as likely a place as any
Found at (4855, –3779). You will need to dig.
4. Hey, is it me or there somethin' funny about those large flowers?
You can dig this up one at (5203, –3979)
5. I'm pretty sure I saw one of those excavators walk off with one..
Inside one of the Excavator's Lockbox – (5130, –4004)
Scavenger Hunt:Relic Research (Camp Dustdevil)
Talk to Explorer Britara in Camp Dustdevil first
1. One of the Darkspur Chompacabra may have swallowed a relic
Kill the Darkspur mobs in the area until one drops a relic
2. Check for a relic piece buried somewhere in the Gribbon canyons
Dig site for me was at (5518, –2919)
3. The Darkspur Cartel might have already secured a piece in a crate
Check the crates in the area, my was at (5697, –2955)
Scavenger Hunt: Windy Artifact (Thundercall Village)
1. I reckon the Thundercall Pell got one of them pieces
Kill Thundercall mobs in the area to get a drop
2. Might be possible that one of them gust elementals swept up a piece
Kill elementals in the area to get a drop off them
3. Ya think a piece might be buried near one of those large monuments?
For me it was at 5586, –1881, gotta dig it.
Scavenger Hunt: Exciting Excavation (Skywatch)
Start by talking to Explorer Wentworth in Skywatch (5749, –2547)
1. It'll be a sticky situation to retrieve that piece (6076, –2883) – Have to dig
2. Between a rock and a hard place. Throw in some large flowers (5966, –2707). Need to dig this one.
3. Some fuzzy creatures may have chomped on a piece
Kill the Windyburrow creatures around the area
Cartography
Cartography: Windmill Fun
(4700, –2049), Use the door to get up to place the beacon
Cartography: High Henge Overlook
(4613, –2893). Follow the arrows to reach High Henge.
Cartography: The Sandswept Pass
(5448, –2618), there is a ramp at the back of the big rock that you can use to get up.
Cartography: XAS Research Camp
(5521, –2868), there are a couple ways to get up this rock.
Cartography: Whimflower Watcher
(6378, –2331)
Exploration
Exploration: Down the Chua Hole
(5080, –2425)
Exploration: Crimson Legion Control Room
(5327, –3217)
Exploration: The Ruined Farmhouse
(5304, –2101)
Surveillance
Surveillance: Breezy Espionage – Windspire Vigil
(5115, –2948). Get up to here by using the rocks and ramps.
Surveillance: Dominion Surveillance – Control Site: Focus of Air
(5406, –3618). Get up to here from the top.
Surveillance: Murgh Assembly – Stormwing Fortress
(6568, –2370)
Operation
Operation: Eyes on the Osun
Stealthed Base Station #1
(6077, –1926)
Stealthed Base Station #2
(5995, –1878)
Stealthed Base Station #3
(5911, –1865), use the rock to jump over.
Stealthed Base Station #4
(5803, –1804)
Stealthed Base Station #5
Teardrops are all the rage right now because of their compact design, ease, and versatility. The Silver Tears Campers have caught our eyes though due to their incredibly detailed customized designs and the fact that two of their trailers are practically bars on wheels!
You can tell that each trailer has been hand-crafted and designed just for you - and we love that. All too often, trailers come off the factory line ready to be used by just about anyone. But teardrops feel special, and custom, and for that alone we love these little campers.
So take the tour and see all the great amenities and details fitted into these little campers - you won't believe it.
This camper is called the Tailgater - and you can probably see why. The hatch opens up and displays a beautiful bar that holds bottles, chills drinks, and essentially kicks off the party. We've never seen anything like this before, but we'd love to have one of these in the parking lot at the next big game .
Check out that bar! It looks like something you'd find at any fine dining establishment, but instead it's attached to the back of your very own little teardrop. Just imagine the parties you could kick off with that kind of equipment. ​
This is the Evening Flight Model, which also boasts an incredible, state-of-the-art, stainless steel grill. As if the bar wasn't enough, now you can give your guests the ultimate food and drink experience on the go.
From here, you can see just how much storage they've packed into the Evening Flight teardrop. The bar doesn't just have room for bottles and drinks, they've created real storage solutions for everything you'd need to bring along for your trip, party, or celebration.
Pictures have emerged of the Venezuelan military presenting soldiers with toilet paper rolls in what appears to be a reward for their loyalty.
“Is handing our soldiers personal hygiene products supposed to be a Maduro and [Defense Minister] Padrino victory, that they then show off? They do not respect the Armed Forces!” Venezuela opposition leader Henrique Capriles wrote in a tweet on Sunday.
Es acaso un "logro" de Maduro y Padrino entrega a nuestros soldados de artículos higiene personal y además mostrarlo?No respetan la FANB! pic.twitter.com/ham5Zv4n9j — Henrique Capriles R. (@hcapriles) July 22, 2017
Capriles, who currently serves as the governor of Miranda and ran against socialist president Nicolas Maduro in 2014, is one of the most prominent critics of the Venezuelan government. Maduro banned him from standing in elections for fifteen years on unsubstantiated charges of drug trafficking.
The military was reportedly rewarding the soldiers for a “great job” in the past few days as they continue to use brutality, such as water cannons, rubber bullets, and tear gas to contain continued mass protests against the socialist government.
Soldiers were pictured shaking hands with a superior, who handed them a package that included toilet paper, toothpaste, and sanitary wipes.
The soldiers were likely grateful to receive the packages given Venezuela's total economic collapse that has led to chronic shortages of sanitary products such as toilet paper and toothpaste, as well as other basic resources such as food, medicine, and electricity.
Inflation is expected to rise to 1500 percent by the end of the year, while the Venezuelan Bolivar has lost 99.9 percent of its value against the U.S. dollar since 2010.
Despite three minimum wage hikes in 2017, the minimum wage stands at 97,531 bolivars a month, which on Venezuela's official exchange rate equates to around $65 a month but only holds a real market worth of $9.53.
Amid the crisis, members of the military and national guard have been caught exploiting their power to make ends meet. A report from the Associated Press in January found that the Venezuelan military had seized full control of all food coming in and out of the country and are reselling stolen products at astronomical markups.
The report also found authorities regularly demanded bribes from food importers and truck drivers, thus hiking the prices of food products for ordinary Venezuelans.
Opposition leaders have also alleged that security forces regularly steal possessions from protesters and journalists, such as motorcycles, cameras, and even shoes. Responding to the allegations, the country's defense minister Vladimir Padrino López warned armed forces against bad behavior, saying he did not want to see “one more national guardsman committing an atrocity on the street.”
Head of Venezuela armed forces warning against bad behavior as videos circulate of riot police robbing protesters https://t.co/cORGxxbsed pic.twitter.com/LaOHaZpLwT — Hannah Dreier (@hannahdreier) June 7, 2017
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.
Good news for fans of Star Trek: Enterprise; the release date for the Blu-ray version of the first season has been announced.
And fans of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine andVoyager find out why Enterprise will be released ahead of those series.
The six-disc set will feature the twenty-five episodes for the first season, plus new special features, and will be released on March 26.
One of the new special features is a documentary called To Boldly Go: Launching Enterprise, which “gives fans an inside look at the development and production of the series.” Filmed as recently as last month, To Boldly Go includes:
Part One: Countdown – Chronicles the challenges faced by the producers and creative staff as they attempt to launch a new chapter in the Star Trek saga by making the then-radical decision to create a prequel to the beloved original series. Features all new interviews with key personnel including creators Rick Berman and Brannon Braga , production designer Herman Zimmerman , technical consultants Michael and Denise Okuda , writers Andre Bormanis, Phyllis Strong and more.
and , production designer , technical consultants and , writers and more. Part Two: Boarding the NX-01 – Follows the team as they begin the casting process and production on the series 2-hour pilot Broken Bow. Features all-new interviews with key cast and crew including series pilot director James L. Conway and series leads Scott Bakula (Jonathan Archer), Connor Trinneer (Trip Tucker), and Dominic Keating (Malcolm Reed).
and series leads (Jonathan Archer), (Trip Tucker), and (Malcolm Reed). Part Three: First Flight – Charts the course for the rest of the series' first season including all-new interviews with key production and post-production personnel. The six-disc set also includes a candid conversation with the series' creators, Rick Berman and Brannon Braga, offering a glimpse into their creative process. In addition, the Blu-ray features brand-new commentaries on select episodes from the season, along with a host of previously released special features such as deleted scenes and outtakes.
Star Trek: Enterprise recounts the adventures of the pioneers of space travel who ventured into the universe 100 years before James T. Kirk helmed the starship of the same name. Set in the 22nd century, Enterprise takes place in an era when interstellar travel is still in its infancy. Captain Jonathan Archer (Scott Bakula) has assembled a crew of brave explorers to chart the galaxy on a revolutionary spacecraft: Enterprise NX-01. As the first human beings to venture into deep space, these men and women will experience the wonder and mystery of the final frontier as they seek out new life and new civilizations.
Disc One includes: Broken Bow, Fight or Flight, Strange New World and the following special features: Audio Commentary with co-creator/executive producer Brannon Braga, director James L. Conway, visual effects producer Dan Curry and cast members Connor Trinneer (Trip Tucker) and Dominic Keating (Malcolm Reed) on Broken Bow, Audio Commentary with Brannon Braga and Rick Berman on Broken Bow, Text Commentary by Michael and Denise Okuda on Broken Bow, Deleted Scenes from Broken Bow, Deleted Scenes from Fight or Flight, In Conversation: Rick Berman and Brannon Braga—NEW, Archival Mission Log: Creating Enterprise, Archival Mission Log: O Captain! My Captain! A Profile of Scott Bakula, Archival Mission Log: NX-01 File 02, Cast Introduction—NEW, Network Presentation—NEW,
Syndication Presentation—NEW.
Disc Two includes: Unexpected, Terra Nova, The Andorian Incident, Breaking the Ice, Civilization and the following special features: Deleted Scene from Unexpected, Text Commentary by Michael and Denise Okuda on The Andorian Incident, Archival Mission Log: Cast Impressions: Season 1, Archival Mission Log: Enterprise Secrets.
Disc Three includes: Fortunate Son, Cold Front, Silent Enemy, Dear Doctor, Sleeping Dogs, and the following special features: Audio commentary with writer/story editor André Bormanis and visual effects producer Dan Curry on Silent Enemy—NEW, Deleted Scene from Sleeping Dogs, Archival Mission Log: Star Trek Time Travel: Temporal Cold Wars and Beyond, Archival Mission Log: Admiral Forrest Takes Center Stage.
Disc Four includes: Shadows of P'Jem, Shuttlepod One, Fusion, Rogue Planet, Acquisition, and the following special features: Audio Commentary with writers/executive story editors Mike Sussman and Phyllis Strong on Shadows of P'Jem—NEW, Audio Commentary with co-creator/executive producer Brannon Braga, director David Livingston and cast members Connor Trinneer (Trip Tucker) and Dominic Keating, (Malcolm Reed) on Shuttlepod One—NEW, Deleted Scene from Shuttlepod One, Archival Mission Log: Inside Shuttlepod One, Archival Mission Log: NX-01 File 01, Archival Mission Log: NX-01 File 03.
Disc Five includes: Oasis, Detained, Vox Sola, Fallen Hero, Desert Crossing, and the following special features: Deleted Scenes from Oasis, Deleted Scenes from Fallen Hero, Text Commentary by Michael and Denise Okuda on Vox Sola, Archival Mission Log: Enterprise Outtakes, On The Set —NEW.
Disc Six includes: Two Days and Two Nights, Shockwave, Part 1 and the following special features: Deleted Scene from Two Days and Two Nights, Deleted Scenes from Shockwave, Part 1, Documentary: To Boldly Go: Launching Enterprise—NEW (Part 1: Countdown, Part 2: Boarding the NX-01, Part 3: First Flight), Archival Mission Log: Celebrating Star Trek.
The suggested retail price for Star Trek: Enterprise Blu-Ray S1 will be $130.00 US and $150.00 Canada.
Fans of Deep Space Nine and Voyager got an answer as to why Enterprise is being released ahead of those series. “It's a massive undertaking to go to in and meticulously rebuild DS9 or Voyager from scratch in high definition with the same process being employed on TNG,” said Ken Ross, Executive Vice President and General Manager, CBS Home Entertainment. “Enterprise was finished and broadcast in HD, so practically speaking, it is much easier for us to turn it around quickly and release it into the market, while we are still releasing seasons of The Next Generation. The fact that the show was HD-ready allows us to give fans an opportunity to revisit the series and also offer an in-depth exploration on the making of the series and its significance in the Star Trek canon by producing all-new special features along the lines of the material we've been producing for the TNG Blu-ray releases.”
Source: Home Theater Forumvia StarTrek.com
The Bonesaw is taking his talents to Wilmington.
USL PRO side Wilmington Hammerheads announced that the ex-Philadelphia Union midfielder had signed with the club yesterday. As part of the deal, Bone will also participate in preseason training with New York City FC. Bone spent a portion of the 2014 season in Wilmington on loan, notching two goals in nine games.
Bone spent the first four years of his career with the Chicago Fire. He played in eighteen games with the Fire, notching his lone assist back in 2011. He was picked up by the Union during Stage 1 of the 2013 Re-Entry Draft and played in two matches. In his thirteen minutes with the Union, Bone picked up the fastest red card in club history on May 14 in a match against Sporting Kansas City. Less than 90 seconds after being subbed on, he made a horrific tackle on Jacob Peterson and was immediately sent off.
Bone never appeared in a Union uniform again.
This Sunday the US Men's National Team takes on Panama at the StubHub Center in Los Angeles, hoping to break a five match winless streak. In fact, the USMNT has only one win in their last nine matches. Panama is a team the United States should expect to beat regularly, and the fact that this match is being played at home should only increase the chances of a USMNT victory.
That said, now that the United States has begun its road to the 2015 Gold Cup, the focus of this match against Panama should be less on the poor form the USMNT seems to be in, and more on what their play now says about how things will shape up as we approach the Gold Cup this summer. While everyone wants and should expect the US to beat Panama, what's more important is that Jurgen Klinsmann, his coaching staff, and the players on the field learn things that will help them prepare for the Gold Cup and, going forward, the 2016 Copa America and 2018 World Cup.
Here are five things Jurgen Klinsmann and the USMNT needs to do against Panama:
1. Stick to a formation for the entire 90 minutes
This game is about learning, not results. Against Chile, the USMNT played the first half in a 3-5-2 before going to a 4-4-2 in the second half. Now maybe Klinsmann wanted to see how his players would do in each formation, but changing formations midway through a game, especially in the second half of a friendly when lots of substitutions are being made, is never going to be a good way to find out what works. If Klinsmann wanted to see a 3-5-2 and a 4-4-2 maybe he should've done a 3-5-2 against Chile and a 4-4-2 against Panama.
Whatever formation the USMNT lines up in against Panama they should stick with it for 90 minutes. If it works, great. If it doesn't work early on, it gives the team 90 minutes to try and make adjustments within the system to see if it can work.
In a competitive match formation changes are sometimes needed in game to avoid a result that can knock a team out of a competition. In a friendly there's no competition to be knocked out of, so why not stick with a formation for the full 90 and learn something rather than abandoning it halfway through?
2. Wil Trapp or Perry Kitchen next to Bradley
Mix Diskerud lined up next to Michael Bradley against Chile, with Clint Dempsey operating in the more attacking role of the midfield three and the USMNT suffered for it. In a 3-5-2 each midfielder needs to contribute to the defensive side of the ball. Dempsey did very little defensively, and while Diskerud is improving defensively, he's still well suited for the deeper defensive role.
Bradley is at his best in a box-to-box role, a role he can play with more of a stay-at-home defensive midfielder like Trapp or Kitchen alongside him. Pairing him with Diskerud forced Bradley to sit deeper, rather than allowing him to make those late runs into the box he so excels at. When he did push forward, the US was vulnerable in defense. Pairing Bradley with Trapp or Kitchen would free him up to make those runs, and also ensure a stronger defensive presence in all of the midfield.
3. Clint Dempsey up top with Jozy Altidore
Another contributor to the United States' defensive problems against Chile was Clint Dempsey's lack of defensive work in the midfield. As many have noted, every single midfielder in the 3-5-2 needs to defend. The most advanced midfielder in the 3-5-2 doesn't need to be as defensively focused as the two deeper midfielders, but they still need to be disciplined enough to put in the defensive effort something Dempsey simply did not do against Chile. Whoever replaces him, simply moving Dempsey out of this role in the midfield should help when the United States is defending.
Dempsey has played well in the past up top alongside Jozy Altidore. If Klinsmann goes with his best available lineup, Dempsey should be moved up top alongside Jozy. In this case, Mix Diskerud would be the obvious replacement, though given the lack of minutes Lee Nguyen has received so far, perhaps he should get a chance in the attacking midfield role he played in the second half of the Chile match.
4. More disciplined play from the wing-backs
Both DeAndre Yedlin and Brek Shea had mixed performances against Chile. Shea scored the opener on a very good run, but was mostly quite poor after that. Yedlin had more good moments than bad ones, but still got beat for a lack of positional discipline far too often.
For Yedlin, this is something he needs to figure out sooner rather than later. If he's going to break into the lineup at Tottenham he needs to prove that he can stay focused for 90 minutes and not get burned for pushing too high up the field at the wrong time. For Shea, if indeed his future with the USMNT lies at wing-back, this is something that he should probably learn to do with his club team, Orlando City, and not with the national team.
One of Klinsmann's biggest mistakes this January camp has to be not bringing in other players who can play wing or outside back. Both Yedlin and Shea played the full 90 against Chile, despite struggling in the late stages because of fatigue, and unless Klinsmann plays another player out of position, they're going to have to do it again against Panama. Players like Miguel Ibarra, Luis Gil, and Dillon Serna can play out wide, but none of those is a defender.
The 3-5-2 has the potential to be a useful formulation for the USMNT, but so much of hte success of the 3-5-2 hinges on the play of the wing-backs. If they can't get up and down the wings to contribute on both the attack and defense, they leave huge gaps which are easily exposed. Whoever Klinsmann decides to put at wing-back this time around will need to be more defensively disciplined or it will continue to cost the team in the goals against column.
5. Extended minutes for younger guys and fringe players
There's no better time than a January camp to give younger players and those on the fringes a real run out for the national team. Playing at home in the StubHub center would be the perfect opportunity to give a guy like Gyasi Zardes his first USMNT start. Despite getting called into the last two teams, Lee Nguyen has yet to get a start. I already made the case for either Perry Kitchen or Wil Trapp to start alongside Bradley. Klinsmann has had high praise for Miguel Ibarra in recent days, but Ibarra too has yet to see significant minutes with the national team.
If Klinsmann really wants to figure out what he has to work with as the Gold Cup approaches and the 2018 World Cup cycle begins, perhaps it's time to give some of these new guys a chance to actually prove themselves on the pitch.
The United States should win against Panama, but unless the team learns something from this friendly, then what's the point of even playing it? While the Gold Cup isn't until this summer, there aren't that many remaining opportunities for Klinsmann to experiment in games that don't matter. It's time to start learning who can and can't contribute to this team going forward and what this particular style of play is going to be the trademark of this version of the USMNT.
Read more of our Road to the Gold Cup series here, here, here, here, and here.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter- @ericwalcott. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Feel free to discuss this and other footy related articles with thousands at r/football.
Main Photo by Mike Lawrie/Getty Images
Pokémon fans gathered on the waterfront to play the new Pokémon Go phone game.
New Zealand's landmarks were taken over by thousands of Pokémon GO fans glued to their phones on Saturday.
They ambled about in a "zombie-like" state at the Auckland Domain, pressed up against shop windows in Hamilton, lazed on the steps of Parliament in Wellington, and rushed through Hagley Park in Christchurch.
Despite confusion over the event being cancelled in Auckland by the organiser after a misunderstanding with the council, hundreds still turned up.
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/stuff.co.nz The lure of catching Pokémon drew a couple of hundred trainers to a Hamilton walk on Saturday. ﻿
Organisers of the Pokémon Go Walk announced on Friday night the meet up would be postponed because they were unable to get an event permit.
READ MORE:
* Misunderstanding leads to 'cancelled' Pokémon GO event at Auckland Domain
* 8 reasons you should be playing Pokémon Go with your kids
* Pokémon Go is already a big boon for museums
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/FAIRFAX NZ Hunter Elliott was among those playing in Hamilton.
But Auckland Council said there had been a misunderstanding and there was no permit required for Pokémon fans to wander around the domain while playing on their phones.
Kristhea Palabrica and James Jennings hadn't realised the event had been postponed. Despite the change in plans, it had turned out to be a great day, with plenty of fellow gamers around the park.
Jennings, 28, said he'd partially been attracted to the game because of the social element to it - he had moved to Auckland in February and said it had been hard going meeting people outside of work.
CATHERINE GROENESTEIN/FAIRFAX NZ Antony Cleghorn was all set for an afternoon hunting Pokémon in New Plymouth on Saturday.
"It's hard to make new friends as an adult," Jennings said.
The hiking enthusiast said he had been chatting to a few people and while he hadn't made any contacts yet it was "early days".
Dad Chris Benjamin was at the Domain with his four-year-old son Caleb, who was a huge Pokémon enthusiast.
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/FAIRFAX NZ The lure of catching Pokémon drew a couple of hundred trainers to a Hamilton walk.
The prerequisite to Caleb catching Pokémon around the Domain was he had to visit the Museum with his dad first.
In Hamilton, the rain did not deter fans who pressed up against shops to avoid getting wet. But the sun soon came back as the Pokémon Go Walk Hamilton group split into two to start its search.
Eyes were never far from phones as players swiped their way through the city, with chatter about catching Weedles, pokestops and evolving Pidgeys.
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/FAIRFAX NZ Players even dressed up for the occasion. From left: Jordy Macdonald, Jamie Macdonald and Amelie Macdonald.
The aim of the day was simple: Pikachu onesie-clad Jordy Macdonald said.
"We're just going for a huge walk around town to catch Pokémon, go to Pokestops, collect balls, potions, all that kind of thing," she said.
"It's just a big fun game of exploring and making your team the best in the country."
LAWRENCE SMITH/ FAIRFAX NZ The players were glued to their smartphones at Auckland Domain.
"I grew up watching Pokémon ... it's one of those things that's always going to remind me of my childhood and that's probably why I like it so much even now."
By lunchtime on Saturday, Wellington's waterfront was crowded by a swarm of Pokémon Go players moving slowly en masse.
The crowd of what could have been as many as 2000 Pokémon Go players moved from Waitangi Park toward the Botanic Garden.
LAWRENCE SMITH/ FAIRFAX NZ Despite the event being cancelled in Auckland, hundreds turned up.
The vibe was reminiscent of the capital's Armageddon pulp culture expo, as cos-players armed with iPhones low-speed chased the virtual beasts with names like Psyduck and Charmander.
Lorenzo Saled and his friends had wandered off the walk by the time the Pokémon Go crowd had moved on to Parliament.
He was not a die-hard Pokémon Go player, he said- but found it addictive: "There's way too many to catch."
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/FAIRFAX NZ Plenty of plush toys were brought along for the occasion.
Palmerston North was also bustling, with more than 100 Pokémon players spread across The Square.
Anthony Robertson was out catching Pokémon within hours of the app becoming available and was one of the first to arrive at the fan-organised event on Saturday.
"I didn't really expect it to be this popular. I thought there'd be a couple of people wandering around playing it, not all of Palmerston North.
GLENN MCCONNELL/ FAIRFAX NZ Pokémon GO fans descended on Parliament for a meet-up on Saturday, July 16.
Some groups did circuits of the Pokestops, while others just chatted with fellow fans over the tops of their phones around the war memorial.
Eventually, Robertson stuck his hand up as an impromptu team leader to get a group moving.
"We were supposed to be walking at 12pm, so I decided I'd see if I could get people moving to the Esplanade," he said.
GLENN MCCONNELL/ FAIRFAX NZ Pokémon GO fans descended on Parliament for a meet-up on Saturday, July 16.
Up to 100 gamers also gathered for a group hunt in New Plymouth, with a Pikachu beanie-clad Antony Cleghorn the first to arrive.
The 37-year-old, who was sporting a 20-year-old Pokémon shirt, said he became a Pokémon fan when the first games were released on Game Boy in the 1990s.
"A lot of people have commented on Facebook about Pokémon Go, saying 'get a life.' But I'm 37. I work, I have a wife and a son, and I have beaten cancer. I have a life," he said.
JOHN BISSET/ FAIRFAX NZ The meet up also attracted big crowds in Timaru.
​In Christchurch, some players didn't even bother getting dressed for the occasion.
Cameron Mora, 26, who was still clothed in his dressing gown, lauded software developer Niantic's creation.
"It's a bit nostalgic for me, really.
"I mean obviously I played it a lot and watched it a lot when I was a kid, but it's fun, it's interactive, I mean you go outside, you go out with your friends, you meet new people.
Robert Palmer, 16, downloaded the game as soon as it became available last Wednesday.
Since then, he has spent hours playing the game.
"It says I've walked around 40km, I think."
*Comments on this article have now closed.
+ 11
Eero Saarinen is one of the most respected architects of the 20th Century, often regarded as a master of his craft. Known for his dynamic and fluid forms, his design for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's chapel takes on a different typology than his previous works. Completed in 1955, the MIT Chapel is a simple cylindrical volume that has a complex and mystical quality within. Saarinen's simple design is overshadowed by the interior form and light that were meant to awaken spirituality in the visitor.
The non-denominational chapel is intended to be more than just a religious building, rather it's meant to be a place of solitude and escape that induces a process of reflections. Located at the heart of MITs campus, the chapel's cylindrical form breaks the rigidity of the campus's orthogonal grid.
Tucked away in a small forested area on campus, the windowless chapel sits as a simple object in the Kresge Oval. Upon approaching the chapel, one encounters a shallow concrete moat that surrounds the chapel that seeps into the interior around a series of low arches that provide the structure for the chapel. Once inside, the visitor is transported to a completely unexpected interior space that is unknown from the exterior façade. The interior is inundated with a high level of detail and atmospheric qualities that are enhanced by filtered natural light.
Due to the windowless façade, the interior of the chapel is completely masked by the exterior of the volume. Unlike the smooth uninterrupted façade, the interior brick walls undulate around the circumference of the chapel, which creates a new spatial dynamic that is illuminated by the moat that slips into the interior from outside.
In addition to the undulating walls, there is one main design feature in the interior of the chapel that was not part of Saarinen's design, but nonetheless creates an impressive atmosphere. Above the white marble altar, there is a metal sculpture by Harry Bertoia that hangs from the skylight that shimmers in the sunlight reflecting and distributing light into the interior of the chapel. The sculpture appears as a cascading waterfall of light that is constantly adjusting, moving, and redefining the interior of the chapel.
From a distance, Saarinen's chapel appears as nothing more than a brick building that contextually aligns with the dormitories and the older buildings on campus, but it's inside of the chapel that the true architecture takes effect. The dynamic interior essentially transforms into a light box that absorbs and filters the light from the small moat and the skylight. Light transforms the simple chapel into a chapel of light that is consistently undergoing changing atmospheric and dematerializing effects. Saarinen's meticulous attention to detail regarding light transforms the spiritual space into a religious architectural experience that words cannot fully describe.
“Through sheer manipulation of light and its focus on a blazingly white marble altar block, Saarinen created a place of mystic quiet.” – Leland M. Roth
Photo
All eyes are on the Vatican after an Italian news magazine leaked what is very likely the final text (the Italian translation) of Pope Francis's forthcoming encyclical letter on humanity's obligations to protect the environment, avoid dangerous climate change and overcome poverty and inequity. The official release of the letter, “Laudato Si' — On the Care of Our Common Home,” comes Thursday, but interpretations abound already as translations spread. While there are allegations that traditionalists in and around the Catholic Church leaked the text to the magazine to deflate the impact of the release, I don't see that happening.
I added quite a few translated passages to my initial post last night, reflecting Francis's dim view of consumptive capitalism and yearning for greater human care for the environment and the most vulnerable among us. There is something for everybody in his messaging.
For me, a particularly resonant passage (no surprise) recognizes the inevitability of a mix of pathways as people try to shape a sustainable human journey:
From one extreme, some maintain at all costs the myth of progress and say that the ecological problems will be solved simply by new technical applications, not by ethical considerations or fundamental changes. From the other extreme, others believe that the human species, no matter what it does, can only be a threat and compromise the global ecosystem, so that humanity should reduce its presence on the planet and prevent any kind of interaction with it. Between these extremes, reflection should identify possible future scenarios, because there is not only one possible solution. This would leave room for a variety of contributions, which could enter into a dialogue aimed at a full answer.
Most papal letters don't resonate beyond the world's Catholic pulpits. But this one, amplified by Francis's personal push for meaningful climate policies, including visits to Congress and the United Nations later this year, is very different.
His effort has been hailed by environmental campaigners and United Nations officials as a critical prod to negotiations aimed at crafting a meaningful international climate agreement in December in Paris.
Photo
With that in mind, a coalition of Brazilian environmental groups, Observatorio Clima, posted an amusing video, shot in the style of an action-film trailer, to build a “caped crusader” feel around Francis's climate campaign. At its core, the leaked version of the encyclical does have a heroes-and-villains theme. But, as will come clearer on Thursday, Francis also clearly sees a need for changed personal priorities among the world's privileged classes.
The greatest value in the pope's decision to press on climate policy and environmental care, to my mind, lies in the reminder that, while science matters enormously in identifying the risks from an unabated buildup of greenhouse gases, the choices we make are shaped more by values and appropriately should involve every sector of society. (That's why it was so inspiring to see a wide range of participants — from a young labor lawyer to an aged oceanographer — in the Vatican meeting on “Sustainable Humanity, Sustainable Planet, Our Responsibility” a year ago.)
This is also why there's no merit in attacks from Republicans like Senator James M. Inhofe of Oklahoma, who gave a speech to climate contrarians the other day in which he said the pope had no business weighing in on climate policy. (Of course there was even less merit in the pretzel-logic “leaving science to the scientists” criticism of Francis used by presidential long-shot Rick Santorum earlier this month, only partly because the pope has a chemistry background*.)
As I've written previously, “His engagement clarifies that while science paints the general picture of the causes and consequences of climate change, it is values and circumstances that will largely shape what societies do, or don't do.”
I've also recommended that Francis watchers read “The pope as messenger: making climate change a moral issue,” an essay on The Conversation website by Andy Hoffman, director of the Erb Institute at the University of Michigan, and Jenna White, a graduate student studying the role of religious institutions in shaping humanity's response to global warming.
It's worth noting again.
But, as I wrote in a comment on that post, “It's important not to conclude that moral arguments for action on global warming, even conveyed by a pope, are a world-changing breakthrough. The reason is that the climate issue doesn't exist in a moral vacuum. A powerful moral argument can also be built around the right of poorer countries to get out of poverty using fossil fuels. That argument bolsters Prime Minister Modi's commitment to double coal production by 2020, for example, even as India also (at a much, much smaller scale) expands solar capacity and nuclear power.”
I'm excited to see such an influential and thoughtful figure pressing the case for action, and acknowledging the need for dialogue.
But Francis remains a man, not a Superman.
A similar sentiment built in 2009 ahead of the Copenhagen climate talks, with newly elected President Obama cast as the dynamic figure who could propel a breakthrough.
But the realities of deep-rooted dependence on fossil fuels, divergent national interests among 196 countries and the primacy of economic concerns ensured that Copenhagen was a stop on a decades-long decarbonization journey, not the end of the road.
In December, even with a valuable papal push, that road will lead through — not to — Paris, as well.
Addendum, 4:35 p.m.| Matthew Nisbet of Northeastern University has written an excellent piece for The Conversation on the potential and limits of a moral call to action from the head of the Catholic Church. He says political and social pressure can build as a result, but must still be coupled with concrete policies and investments given the scope of the challenge in cutting greenhouse gas emissions in an energy-hungry world:
It's impossible to predict precisely the impact of Pope Francis' moral call to action on climate change, making it an exaggeration to say that his encyclical is a political game changer. But the Vatican-led campaign is a significant sign that the conversation about climate change may be shifting. As Vatican adviser and Columbia University economist Jeffrey Sachs argues, it's also important to stay focused on the major technical hurdles to decarbonizing the world economy. Such a transformation will require not just moral commitment and more mindful consumption, but most importantly major government financing of innovations in solar, wind, nuclear energy, and carbon capture and storage technologies.
Correction, June 17 | * At the asterisk, I originally wrote that Francis, in his secular life, had a chemistry degree. As the National Catholic Reporter has reported, he had training, but not a university degree.
LIFE&STYLE
Suzy Kang (Won Ho-jung/The Korea Herald)
Pieces on display at the Gwangmyeong Upcycle Art Center (Won Ho-jung/The Korea Herald)
A few minutes' walk from the entrance of Gwangmyeong Cave in Gyeonggi Province stands the Gwangmyeong Upcycle Art Center, which opened in June.The Korea Herald got a look around the center's two buildings -- one for exhibitions and one for hands-on classes and seminars -- with Suzy Kang, the executive director of Gwangmyeong City's Cultural Regeneration Project Team, which oversees the center's operations.“This is the first physical space in Korea devoted to the idea of upcycling,” Kang said.Designed by Belgian architect Laurent Pereira, the center was approved as part of the Culture Ministry's project to use abandoned industrial centers as cultural spaces. The city of Gwangmyeong's idea was to remodel the PR building of an old garbage incineration center into a place devoted, appropriately, to art created with objects that have been thrown away.The exhibition building is airy, with big glass walls, a predominantly red-and-gray color scheme, and a ceiling that opens up to the second floor.“We thought a lot about the content that would be housed here, and how the building design would reflect that. There was a long study conducted before construction began.”So what is the content? Kang acknowledged that the concept of upcycled art is not yet commonly known.“Upcycled art isn't an actual genre of art,” said Kang. “You can say that its roots were in junk art, which used junk to criticize the inaccessibility of art.”“But I don't think of junk art as upcycling. Junk art focuses on creating a particular shape out of particular materials, for example making an animal shape out of old tires, or making a bicycle shape out of plastic bottles. For me, upcycled art is more layered. There's a message that the artist is trying to convey through a piece, which happens to be made from objects that have been thrown away.”When asked why upcycled art has only reached a limited audience despite growing interest in the environment and sustainability, Kang quickly named three things: “supply of materials, sales distributions, and price competitiveness.” She said that her dream was to have a warehouse-style center for upcycle-use materials, collecting materials by working with garbage collectors or donations.Once the pieces are created, Kang said it was important to sell the art in more conventional spaces. “Right now, the upcycled art is being sold in small ‘objet' markets in Hongdae, but that's not enough. It needs to break into department stores, places like that.”As for price, Kang said the government could be doing more. “Upcycled art is 100 percent handmade,” she said. “It's labor-intensive. If the government could reduce costs in other areas, the price would go down.”Potential cost-cutting measures she mentioned included support in finding and acquiring materials, marketing, and transporting pieces for sale.According to Kang, her work is not just about artistic value. The idea behind having classes in addition to the exhibition area is to use upcycled art as a gateway into thinking about broader themes such as sustainable living.“For sustainability, we need to think about what we can do with art and design. How can we live an eco-friendly life, and keep it sustainable? We can teach people about how they can do their part.”Currently, the center is holding its second exhibition, called “Re-Born Furniture.” It will run at the Gwangmyeong Upcycle Art Center until next January. Entrance is free, and the center opens from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. all days except Mondays. For more information, visit gmupcycle.modoo.at.By Won Ho-jung ( hjwon@heraldcorp.com
With an IQ of 162, a 12-year-old schoolgirl in UK has been rated brainier than even Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking.Olivia Manning, from Liverpool, has been accepted into Mensa, the largest and oldest high IQ society in the world after she got a whopping score of 162 in an intelligence test.Her score is not only two points better than German genius Einstein and physicist Hawking, it also puts her in the top one per cent of intelligent people in the world, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Being honoured with entry into Mensa means she will join a network of brains from across the globe.As a confirmed genius, Olivia is now getting celebrity status at her school - the North Liverpool Academy in Everton."A lot more people are coming up to me asking for help with their homework. I just like challenges and making my mind think," Olivia said.Olivia admits having a knack for quickly absorbing and remembering new information. She however, confessed to being "speechless" after she discovered her score.Despite outdoing the likes of TV mathematician Carol Vorderman, who could only muster 154, Olivia is set to put the stage before sums.She barely needs a script - with the youngster saying she learned her lines for a Macbeth production within 24 hours."The success of the Mensa enrichment club shows how with the right support, students can excel and become the best in the world," said her school principal.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/10olW
— The State Board of Elections voted 3-2 Thursday to remove Malcolm "Mac" Butner from the Rowan County Board of Elections, citing his "intemperate remarks" regarding race and sexual orientation as well as indications that he favored particular candidates or political causes.
"These are remarks that I would not tolerate in my home, I won't abide them in my workplace, and I sure as heck am not going to leave a person who says these things on a county board of elections – not on my watch," said Joshua Howard, a Republican and chairman of the State Board of Elections.
Howard voted along with the board's two Democrats to remove Butner. The other two Republicans voted against removal.
The social media posts in question were derogatory toward immigrants and minorities as well as gays and lesbians. Some indicated that he believed the former confederacy was "illegally occupied by force" since 1865.
As an example, one post on Twitter from 2013 addresses Oprah Winfrey's receipt of the Presidential Medal of Freedom by saying, "@Oprah WELL YOU GOT YOUR MOF THANKS TO YOUR BLACK PREZ AND A LOT OF WHITE WOMEN. CAN YOU EVER DO ANYTHING ON YOUR OWN?" In another Facebook post, he questioned why a local chamber of commerce official had not taken her husband's last name.
Butner, a Republican, has been one of three members of the Rowan County Board of Elections since being appointed this summer. He was already a controversial figure in the community following his service on a local housing authority board.
However, members and staff of the state board said it appeared a "clerical error" led to his appointment. In particular, Butner was supposed to be an alternate selection, not one of the two active appointments made this summer.
Butner's mobile phone mailbox was full Thursday morning. A message left at his home was not immediately returned.
State board members said they were frustrated with Butner's lack of cooperation with their proceedings. Officials said they offered to move Thursday's hearing in order to accommodate Butner, who has been ill. They also solicited his input. All board members say they received in return was a three-sentence response.
"Since my appointment to the Rowan County Board of Elections, I have not violated any parameter or law regarding my conduct as a board member of chairman of my board," he wrote. Butner went on to cite foot and heart surgeries as reasons he could not participate in Thursday's hearing.
The two state board members who voted against removing Butner said it appeared he had, in fact, abided by rules governing social media postings since his appointment.
"I was a little bit more unwilling to go back in a person's past to remove them," said James Baker, a former judge and prosecutor.
The bulk of the material cited during Thursday's hearing was posted before Butner became an elections board member.
Nancy Evans, director of the Rowan County Board of Elections, told the board Butner had been "professional" during his service.
That said, Baker said that, if he were deciding whether to initially appoint Butner, he would not have done so.
But Howard and the board's two Democrats said the nature of the posts, plus a few that remained online after his appointment, indicated an ongoing pattern. They were also troubled that Butner had not been more responsive.
"Mac Butner could have picked up the phone and answered questions today," said Joshua Malcolm, a Democratic board member.
Should Butner appeal the board's decision, that case would go to Superior Court.
How to Make Bullet Journaling a Productive Habit by Tom Oddo
If you've already consumed some information on Bullet Journaling, you may have already seen that the practice of Bullet Journaling exists on a spectrum. On one end, you have a practical, utilitarian system for managing your actionable goals while logging other significant thoughts and activities. On the other end is a wildly colorful planner peppered with stickers, stamps, stencils and finished with washi tape. Where does your journal exist on this spectrum?
Oh wait, you haven't started yet? Or you only got so far as the future log and gave up? Are you still trying to pick the perfect weekly layout?
This might be the 10th article on Bullet Journaling that you've read and the 15th video that you've watched, but we guarantee that you'll come away with far more practical information, along with the impetus to get moving on your journaling instead of constantly searching for more inspiration, layouts, ideas, and tips.
See, the problem you may be experiencing lies not in the technique, but in the failure in enforcing habit. So, you can read a million blogs and engorge upon the litany of information that is out there on Bullet Journaling (and there is a lot, trust me), but you'll never get to utilize the benefits of keeping a journal if you don't make it part of your daily life.
First of all, get the basics down. Forget about all the decorative supplies. There will be plenty of opportunities later for you to go crazy with Tombow brush markers, washi tape, and stickers. If you need a primer on how to use the Bullet Journal system, watch our helpful video below that uses the Leuchtturm 1917 Bullet Journal dotted notebook.
This notebook is particularly useful because it includes the basic tenets of the Bullet Journal System, including example symbol keys and layout information. With all the information printed in the book, it's a quick reference guide that you don't have to go online to view (and get side-tracked by the internet in the process).
Set up
Now, once you understand how a Bullet Journal is supposed to work, take out a writing implement, find a place of quiet, tell no one to bother you for 20 minutes, lock the door, hire a babysitter, do what you have to do. Get some headspace to think and write everything down.
If you already have a calendar, write in notebooks, keep a to-do list, or have any other system that keeps useful information, bring all of that good stuff with you to your special hiding place where you can effectively set up your journal.
So you have all of these inputs - appointments, birthdays, anniversaries, "honey do" list, deadlines, goals and the like. Now that you are tucked away in your own little bubble, get to work in dumping all of these important tidbits in your journal.
If anything is time sensitive or dated, you would want to include it within your future log, monthly log, and daily logs.
If you simply have a list, like home improvement projects to tackle, books to read, podcasts to listen to, internet passwords, and such, you can list them topically per page. Dedicate a page per topic, then record it in the index for easy reference. You can always evaluate those lists later and figure out when you are going to actually address all of these things. For now, just dump them all in the journal and move on.
At the end of this writing session, you should have all the pertinent information you need in your journal that you can safely put away any other notebooks and papers you were using before and rely solely on your Bullet Journal to keep you on task. To start actually applying the journal to your life, move forward to your first Daily Log page.
DAY 1
Here's where the rubber meets the road. You've spent some time setting up your journal, but what do you do next to make sure it creates a positive change in your life?
Starting at Day 1, what are your obligations? What needs to happen so that you still have a roof over your head, food in your belly and that others who depend on you are cared for? While I would avoid writing any repetitive, general tasks like "go to work," or "eat breakfast," if you have a specific time that something routine needs to be done, note it like "12:30 pm meeting @ work with boss," or "3:00 lunch with Barbara."
Once you have your absolute necessary commitments, take a step back and look at your goals, both professionally and personally. Looking to lose weight? Want to get a promotion? Have a project that needs to be completed? A party that needs planning? These are complicated, multi-step objectives that need to be broken down into bite-sized tasks that you can list as a "to-do" in your day.
Most of the time, a complicated project needs its own page in your journal so the various tasks and progress can be tracked and evaluated. In your daily log, you would want to throw in a bite-sized task from these larger projects so you can keep the ball rolling each and every day. When I say bite-sized, I mean something that may take between 5-30 minutes to accomplish.
Taking the "lose weight" objective as an example, a bite-sized task to write in your journal's daily log is to "jog 2 miles" or "do salad meal prep."
Don't worry if all of your tasks weren't completed by the end of the day. That's going to happen. Don't beat yourself up about it. You make plans and life dashes them to pieces sometimes. Simply migrate that task to the next day or schedule it for a better time later in your future log.
Keeping up
Set a reminder once or twice a day on your phone to alert you when you should be cracking open your journal to evaluate the day's tasks. Most people like doing this first thing in the morning after waking and/or right before bed. Personally, I have my journal out on my work desk all day long, open to the current daily page so I can quickly glance at what needs to be done next. After putting the kids to bed later in the evening, I open it again to look at what else needs to be done and set up tomorrow's log.
Any good habit is enforced by faithful repetition. Doing effective Bullet Journaling creates this positive feedback loop that is evident after the first few days of seeing your accomplished tasks. You can physically track your progress as you flip through the months of small wins on every crinkly page.
When you start feeling led astray, you can always refer to your overarching goals and the items written in your future log to gain perspective and direction. Once you start to rely on the system to keep you pointed in the right direction, it will be your compass during trying times.
Now, I shall cross off "finish writing bullet journal article" from my daily log list. :-)
If you're a seasoned Bullet Journalist, please feel free to share your journaling habits in the comments below. What helps you stick to writing as a routine?
Regarding Opera Mini and the App Store
[Update: Addendum regarding iPhone SDK guideline 3.3.2 appended.]
I've done some digging on this “Opera Mini was rejected from the App Store” story, and the truth appears to be very different than what has been reported and assumed.
It all started with this paragraph from Saul Hansell on the NY Times Bits weblog, regarding Opera CEO Jon Stephenson von Tetzchner:
Mr. von Tetzchner said that Opera's engineers have developed a version of Opera Mini that can run on an Apple iPhone, but Apple won't let the company release it because it competes with Apple's own Safari browser.
Note, though, that this is not a quote from von Tetzchner — he's being paraphrased by Hansell.
My understanding, based on information from informed sources who do not wish to be identified because they were not authorized by their employers, is that Opera has developed an iPhone version of Opera Mini, but they haven't even submitted it to Apple, let alone had it be rejected.
One thing I hadn't realized before is that Opera has two different mobile browsers: Opera Mini and Opera Mobile. Opera Mobile is pretty much a traditional, regular web browser. It's Opera, but stripped down and optimized for mobile platforms. Opera Mini, though, is something else. Rather than a web browser that interacts with web sites directly, Opera Mini goes through proxy servers run by Opera.
In a nut, it works like this: You request a URL in Opera Mini. Opera Mini makes the request to a proxy server run by Opera. Opera's proxy server connects to the web server hosting the requested URL, and renders the page into an image. This image is then transmitted (in a proprietary format called OBML — Opera Binary Markup Language) to the Opera Mini client. Opera Mini displays the rendered image on screen. This may sound convoluted, but apparently the result is very effective — it's faster to transmit, because only OBML (a compressed binary format) is transmitted to the mobile device over the phone network, and far faster to render on slow mobile processors.
It is Opera Mini, not Opera Mobile, that Hansell indicated that Apple rejected. So, my speculation that it was rejected from the App Store for running its own JavaScript interpreter was wrong — Opera Mini is really only a thin client that knows how to display OBML. It doesn't even render HTML, let alone contain a full JavaScript interpreter. (Chris Mills wrote a piece on the Opera developer weblog last year regarding Opera Mini and JavaScript.) OBML is more like PDF than HTML. So in theory, I think a version of Opera Mini that complies with the iPhone SDK Agreement could be developed.
However, the version that Opera has developed for the iPhone is problematic in other ways. The cross-platform code base for the Opera Mini client software is written in Java. The assumption being that it should run on any mobile phone with a Java ME virtual machine. The iPhone, of course, doesn't support Java in any form.
On the Opera Labs web site in April, Chris Mills described how they ported Opera Mini to Android. Android uses the Java programming language for development, but doesn't use a standard Java virtual machine; instead, for Android, Google has developed their own virtual machine called Dalvik. Here's Mills's description of how Opera ported it for Android:
We decided to use the existing Opera Mini code base (even the binary package) instead of creating a separate port, to save on resources. We created a special wrapper that translates Java ME (mostly MIDP) API calls into Android API calls. The tool used was MicroEmulator — this is an open source (LGPL) implementation of Java ME that runs on top of Java SE. The lead Opera Mini Android developer is also the lead developer of MicroEmulator, so it was an inspired choice! The Android platform is similar to Java SE, with the exception of several libraries normally included in Java SE (like AWT/Swing — these are excluded because they would likely be too heavy to fit into the embedded environment.) It is therefore fairly simple to port MicroEmulator to run inside Android environment. The only major task was to replace the AWT/Swing graphics backend of MicroEmulator with Android specific APIs.
So in short, they've written their own bridge to run Java ME bytecode on Android.
If what they've done for the iPhone is along the same lines — that they've gotten a Java ME runtime running on the iPhone — it's clearly outside the bounds of the iPhone SDK Agreement. The guideline in question is rule 3.3.2, which reads:
3.3.2 — An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means, including without limitation through the use of a plug-in architecture, calling other frameworks, other APIs or otherwise. No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple's Published APIs and built-in interpreter(s).
My somewhat informed hunch is that the iPhone version of Opera Mini that von Tetzchner alluded to in his interview with Hansell is running only on jailbroken iPhones. If it's using APIs only available on jailbroken iPhones, it might not even run as it stands today on a standard iPhone using only the official APIs.
What Opera would need to do to have a version of Opera Mini they could submit to the App Store would be to port the entire client software to the C and Objective-C APIs officially supported on the iPhone. It could well be that even then, Apple would reject it from the App Store on anti-competitive grounds — but contrary to this week's speculation, that has not happened.
And I hope it wouldn't, because Opera Mini sounds like a very cool app.
Addendum
Several readers dispute my interpretation of rule 3.3.2, arguing that it does not forbid interpreters in general. The key word in the clause is “downloaded” — that you cannot ship an iPhone app containing an interpreter which allows you to download additional executable content, circumventing the App Store. For example, a generic “Flash Player” app which allowed you to download directly to your iPhone games and utilities written in Flash — that's the sort of thing 3.3.2 forbids.
An app which contains an interpreter that only executes scripts or bytecode that is self-contained within the app bundle, however, should be permissible under this guideline. And there are, apparently, apps that are shipping through the App Store today using just such technologies.
There are even commercial developer projects like Innnaworks's AlcheMo, which translate J2ME Java apps to native iPhone apps, and Unity3D, a game development framework based on Mono, using JavaScript, C#, and Python, but which outputs native ARM assembly code and, thus, native iPhone apps.
So there may well be nothing in the iPhone SDK Agreement that would forbid Opera Mini from appearing in the App Store. Again, though, just because an app doesn't violate the rules doesn't mean Apple will accept it.
Rosberg: It's not going to continue like this forever
Nico Rosberg joined an ultra-select group of Formula One drivers with his seventh win in a row for Mercedes at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday but the German will remain the odd man out for some time yet.
Only four drivers since the championship started in 1950 have won seven races in a row and only four have triumphed in the first four rounds of a season.
Just one, Rosberg's compatriot Sebastian Vettel, has won more than seven in a row — nine for Red Bull in 2013 when he won his fourth championship.
All, bar Rosberg, were title winners but he is well on the way with a 43-point lead over triple champion, teammate Lewis Hamilton, who suffered power unit problems in both qualifying and the race, with 17 races remaining.
“It sounds cool. But beyond that it's not my focus,” Rosberg said when asked about the streak that started in Mexico last November. “It's great stuff but I just enjoy winning and I enjoyed winning today.
“Of course it's not something I could have expected, to start the season with four. But now that's the way it is and I'm very happy about it. It's been a great four races, very enjoyable.
“I'm aware it's not going to continue like that forever. Sport is always about up and downs and the down will come at some point,” he added. “I just need to mentally prepare for that to then come straight back up when it does happen.”
That moment might almost have come in Sochi on Sunday, according to Mercedes motorsport head Toto Wolff, even if Rosberg gave every impression of enjoying a sunny afternoon drive in the Olympic Park.
Wolff told reporters that data from the power unit on Rosberg's car “gave us some grey hair” during the race.
“It looked at a certain stage that he wouldn't finish the race,” added Wolff.
Rosberg did not mention the problem on the podium or during a subsequent news conference, when he said the car was “fantastic” and he had driven flat out to the finish with plenty of life in the tyres.
Asked about it later, the German conceded that he had lost “a fair chunk of performance” but Hamilton openly questioned that.
“He was worried he wouldn't finish? As far as I'm aware, he didn't have a problem that was going to stop him finishing,” said the Briton, who finished runner-up 25 seconds behind.
ADELAIDE and Port Adelaide could share about $11 million in additional revenue over the next three years after signing a new stadium deal at Adelaide Oval.
Following a review of the financial model that distributed income in the stadium's successful first season, the SANFL, Crows and Port Adelaide have all agreed to a new deal covering the next three years.
The agreement provides the AFL clubs with new revenues and inventory to enable them to share an estimated additional $3.1m in 2015, rising to $4.1m in both 2016 and 2017.
The deal rewards the two clubs with a higher return for bigger crowds.
It will also provide the Crows and Power with additional reserved seating income and corporate facilities; provide incentives for playing home finals, and protects the SANFL's ability to drive game development in South Australia.
SA Football Commission chairman John Olsen said the agreement was "a good outcome" for all parties.
"We now have an agreement that delivers the lion's share of the uplift from the move to Adelaide Oval to the two AFL clubs, while also protecting the SANFL's ability continue to develop the critical pathways to elite football in South Australia," Olsen said.
"This has been an exhaustive process but it's a complex model and we had to ensure we got it right. We are now in a position where football in South Australia has a springboard for the future."
Port Adelaide chairman David Koch said the club was delighted with the support of its members and fans at the new stadium.
"Port Adelaide is looking forward to continued strong support from fans and members at our games in 2015, and we are pleased that this support will translate into solid financial returns for our club,” Koch said.
Adelaide chairman Rob Chapman said the length of the review reflected its importance, while the outcome brought positives for all parties.
"Our loyal members and fans have taken their support to another level since we arrived at the new stadium, and we were compelled to achieve the best possible outcome to ensure the club continues to prosper," Chapman said.
AFL CEO Gillon McLachlan said the deal would provide a fairer distribution of the financial spoils produced by the new stadium's success.
"The new arrangement agreed today is a win for South Australian football, providing a fair share of revenue from the success of the new stadium to the clubs and to local football," he said.
"Without the foresight of the State Government and the passion of South Australians for both football and cricket, our competition would not have this world-class facility."
Last week, Global Entrepreneurship Week announced ‘GEW 50' – an annual list of the 50 most innovative new startups who will be the finalists in its Startup Open competition.
The list includes TalLee, a hardware startup based in Islamabad and incubated at the Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship in NUST, H-12 Islamabad. Rafi Imran Amjad, the CEO of TalLee, started the company after winning the Islamabad Google Startup Weekend competition earlier this year. Now his company holds the distinction of being the only startup from Pakistan featured in the GEW 50 2014 as well.
The company's main offering is a GSM based doorbell. If you've ever seen an intercom, installation and usage is pretty much the same. Where it differs is what happens when a visitor presses the button on the doorbell. A call is placed to your cellphone and you can talk to the visitor from anywhere through your cellphone. TalLee has an inbuilt battery backup as well so it won't die on you when your electricity inevitably goes out. You can book your pre-order your TalLee unit from the official website here for PKR 9500.
More than 600 startups from 38 countries took part in the competition to be named in the GEW 50 and were judged on their idea, growth potential for business and knowledge of their respective industries. The final list contains 50 startups across areas like biotechnology, communications, education, fashion, finance and others from 19 countries.
The winner of the GEW 50 will be offered an all-expenses paid trip to Milan, Italy for the 2015 Global Entrepreneurship Congress. The GEC is a way to bring together entrepreneurs, investors and startups from across the world for building and exploring entrepreneurship ecosystems. The grand prize will offer a lucky startup an opportunity to meet future investors, collaborators and mentors who could be invaluable in helping the startup grow.
Image: ACS, Yang et al.
Image: ACS, Yang et al.
By combining the new cathode with the previously developed silicon anode, the team created a battery with an initial discharge of 630 watt-hours per kilogram of active ingredients. This represents an approximately 80 percent increase in the energy density over commercially available lithium-ion batteries, according to Stanford's Cui, who was a coauthor of a paper describing the work published last month in Nano Letters. Further increases in energy density--as much as four times that of lithium-ion batteries--are theoretically achievable by optimizing the battery's electrodes, Cui says. (source)
A few months ago I wrote about a battery breakthrough related to silicon nanowire anodes . The researchers said that it showed great promise, but that one of the main challenges to its commercialization was finding a cathode that could handle all this extra power. Well, it looks like that problem has been solved (that was quick!) thanks to a new lithium sulfide (Li2S) cathode with 10 times the power density of conventional lithium-ion cathodes.
But that's not all. This battery would also be "significantly safer" than existing lithium-ion batteries, another benefit if it is to be used in moving vehicles.
Via NanoLetters, GCC
More on Batteries
Li-Ion Battery Breakthrough: Silicon Nanotubes Boost Capacity 10x
Selling Like Hotcakes: Battery Suppliers for Mitsubishi's i-MiEV to Boost Production by 50%
Fisker Raises $115.3M, Makes Battery Deal with A123 Systems
A 14-year-old girl was almost pronounced dead prematurely after being shot in a Kalamazoo, Michigan, Cracker Barrel parking lot.Abigail Kopf, a "strong-willed" 14-year-old, is on a ventilator in critical condition after being wounded in the attacks, her parents and doctor say.She was originally believed to be among those killed early Sunday morning after the Saturday night rampage by alleged shooter Jason Dalton.Dr. Aaron Lane-Davies of Bronson Children's Hospital said Abigail's heart beat stopped during attempts to save her life, but it was restored. An organ donation service was contacted with her parents' permission, though she was never declared medically brain dead, he said.That's when the girl squeezed her mother's hand.Lt. Dale Hinz with the Michigan State Police tells ABC that the mother then asked her daughter to squeeze her hand again if she could hear her, and she did. The doctor asked the girl to give a thumbs up if she could hear him, and she gave two thumbs up.According to Hinz, the hospital then immediately started prepping the teen for surgery.As of Monday morning, the girl is still hanging on, but there is no change in her condition.Authorities are trying to piece together the hours-long weekend rampage that left six people dead in western Michigan.Dalton, a 45-year-old Uber driver and former insurance adjuster who police said had no criminal record, was arrested in connection with the shootings after a massive manhunt and was expected to be arraigned Monday. Authorities did not provide a motive for what they said was his targeting of victims with no apparent connection to him or to each other."How do you go and tell the families of these victims that they weren't targeted for any reason other than they were there to be a target?" Kalamazoo County Prosecutor Jeff Getting said at a Sunday news conference.Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Paul Matyas described a terrifying series of attacks that began about 6 p.m. Saturday outside the Meadows apartment complex on the eastern edge of Kalamazoo County, where a woman was shot multiple times. She was expected to survive.A little more than four hours later and 15 miles away, a father and his 17-year-old son were fatally shot while looking at cars at a car dealership.Fifteen minutes after that, five people were shot in the parking lot of a Cracker Barrel restaurant, Matyas said. Four of them died."These are random murders," Matyas said.Dalton was arrested without incident about 12:40 a.m. Sunday after a deputy spotted his vehicle driving through downtown Kalamazoo after leaving a bar parking lot, authorities said.Matyas declined to disclose anything found in the vehicle except for a semi-automatic handgun.By midday, authorities were investigating a Facebook post that indicated the suspect was driving for Uber during the manhunt and had taken at least one fare, Getting said.A spokeswoman for Uber confirmed that Dalton was a driver for the company, but she declined to say whether he was driving Saturday night.Uber prohibits both passengers and drivers from possessing guns of any kind in a vehicle. Anyone found to be in violation of the policy may be prohibited from using or driving for the service.A man who knows Dalton said he was a married father of two who never showed any signs of violence.Gary Pardo Jr., whose parents live across the street from Dalton in Kalamazoo Township, described him as a family man who seemed fixated on cars and often worked on them."He would go a month without mowing his lawn but was very meticulous with his cars," Pardo said, explaining that Dalton, at times, owned a Chevrolet Camaro and two Hummer SUVs.Progressive Insurance confirmed that he once worked for the company before leaving in 2011.Dalton was an insurance adjuster who did auto-body estimates and once taught an auto-body repair class at an area community college, said James Block, who has lived next door to him for 17 years."He loved to do things outside with his kids" like taking them for rides on his lawn tractor, Block said.Dalton's wife and children were unhurt, authorities said.The four people killed outside the restaurant were identified as 62-year-old Mary Lou Nye of Baroda and 60-year-old Mary Jo Nye, 68-year-old Barbara Hawthorne and 74-year-old Dorothy Brown, all of Battle Creek.The two victims killed at the car dealership were identified as Tyler Smith and his father, Richard, who was 53.With a population of about 75,000, Kalamazoo is about 160 miles west of Detroit. It is home to Western Michigan University and the headquarters of popular craft beer maker Bell's Brewery. The city also is known for the anonymously funded Kalamazoo Promise program, which has paid college tuition of students who graduate from Kalamazoo Public Schools for more than a decade.
By
Wondering what to do in Mexico City that isn't in most tourist guides? Desierto de los Leones National Park is the most underrated place for picture perfect natural beauty, history, and great eats!
When people think of the parks and green areas of Mexico City, what usually comes to mind first is Chapultepec Park. While Chapultpec is on most tourist's to-do list alongside other modern and ancient attractions, what usually is overlooked is Desierto de los Leones National Park. It is hands down my absolute favorite getaway located just outside the business district of Santa Fe, inside the limits of Mexico City (Cuajimalpa). A true sight of natural beauty and fresh air, it is a refreshing contrast to the bustling life of the millions that engulf the megalopolis every day.
It was appointed Mexico's first ever national park in 1917 and rightly so with it's many mile spans of oaks, firs and pines. Desierto de los Leones translates to “Lion Desert” but is neither a desert nor related to Lions! The park is elevated at an even higher altitude than the majority of the metro area, making the temperatures always colder and damper than the surrounding areas. The chilly drop in temperature, combined with the plethora of living trees, makes the air incredibly refreshing to breathe in and savor.
A pilot project launched at AIIMS Delhi will sell anti-cancer drugs, cardiac stents etc at a fraction of the market rates. Called AMRIT, it will be run in association with the public sector HLL Lifecare; the pilot was launched by Union Health Minister J P Nadda Sunday.
The drugs range
Advertising
“Under the AMRIT (Affordable Medicines and Reliable Implants for Treatment) programme, we want to give medicines at an affordable cost. We have identified 202 drugs of cancer and cardio-vascular diseases where the price is going to be reduced on an average by 60 to 90 per cent,” Nadda said. “In the same way, 148 cardiac implants will be given from the centre and sold here and their cost will be reduced by 50 to 60 per cent.”
HLL chairman and managing director Dr M Ayyappan said, “To begin with, HLL will dispense 195 oncology drugs, 186 cardiovascular drugs and 148 cardiac implants through AMRIT pharmacy. Initially, the pharmacy will retail cancer drugs. By this month-end, it will commence the dispensing of cardiovascular drugs and implants in line with the cancer drugs.”
The discount range
AIIMS officials cited the examples of Docetaxel 120mg, an injection used in the chemotherapy cycle, and Caboplatin 450mg.
