CLOSE Clowns are about to become scary again as Stephen King's 'It' hits the big screen for the first time. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Apparent promotions for a Stephen King movie remake are leaving some Pennsylvania police officers quaking in their boots. (Photo11: Screenshot)
A spooky promotional tactic for a Stephen King movie remake is leaving some Pennsylvania police officers quaking in their boots.
The Lititz Borough Police Department said "they were completely terrified" when they found balloons tied to sewer grates, a tactic infamously used in Stephen King's It movie to lure children to the grates.
"We give points for creativity, however, we want the local prankster to know that we were completely terrified as we removed these balloons from the grates and we respectfully request that they do not do that again," the department said on their Facebook page.
The eerie balloons appeared days before the movie It opens in theaters. For those unaware of the story, they recommended that the public search for It online and ended their statement with three ominous words from the original movie: "You'll float too."
Since then the post has been shared more than 10,000 times and reached even more.
They later had a little more fun with the post with a follow-up that they were putting the Criminal Investigations Division on the case of this balloon caper adding that it "took on a life it's own (no pun intended)."
The picture included, well, "It" speaks for itself.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xOoz95
The timing of President Trump's pardon of former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio had nothing to do with a desire to dodge media coverage, Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert said Sunday.
Trump pardoned the controversial law enforcement figure, who was convicted in July of violating a court order in a racial profiling case, hours before Hurricane Harvey touched down on the Gulf Coast last Friday.
While the pardon itself drew criticism from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, several Democrats also accused the president of taking advantage of news coverage of the hurricane to reduce the attention the Arpaio announcement would have otherwise drawn.
"As millions of people in TX and LA are prepping for the hurricane, the President is using the cover of the storm to pardon a man who violated a court's order to stop discriminating against Latinos and ban courageous transgender men and women from serving our nation's Armed Forces," Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said in a series of tweets.
"The only reason to do these right now is to use the cover of Hurricane Harvey to avoid scrutiny," Schumer added.
Bossert rejected such accusations during an appearance on CBS' "Face the Nation."
"He's clearly wrong," the White House aide said of Schumer.
Bossert continued, "The president weighed the totality of the circumstances and the sheriff's history of service, both in the military and to the law enforcement community, and decided that the 80-something-year-old man with his history and record of service deserved clemency at this point."
"That was a very unique and personal decision the president took, and he made that decision on Friday night. I don't think that took up more than a minute of his time on Friday night," he said.
Texas police have arrested a shameless woman who walked into a funeral home and stole a ring from the finger of an 88-year-old dead woman.
Kalynn Homfeld, 41, was taken into custody and is facing two years in prison after she was caught on surveillance swiping the jewelry from the corpse of Lois Hicks.
The shocking incident occurred around 5.30pm Friday at the Sunset Memorial Gardens and Funeral Home in Odessa.
Police say the woman walked in asking to use the bathroom, however instead went into a viewing room and took the ring.
Arrested: Kalynn Homfeld, 41, has been taken into custody in Odessa, Texas, after she was caught on surveillance camera stealing a ring from a dead woman's finger in a funeral home
Shameless thief: Surveillance footage from inside the funeral home in Odessa, Texas, shows the woman walking in from the street on Friday. She then proceeds to rob a dead woman
In the surveillance video, the woman is seen walking straight over the casket and then leaning into the body. She also appears to be talking to the corpse
Brazen: The woman appears to try and cover up what she has just done by walking out her arms folded
The heartless thief then left, driving off in a red or maroon four-door Saturn.
Homfled has been charged with theft from a human corpse.
Robbed: The funeral for Lois Hicks was held Monday
Vel McKee, Hicks' daughter, told the Odessa American that the family did not know the woman who took the ring from her mother's hand.
Mrs McKee also said that, in the process of ripping off the ring, the woman had torn skin from Hicks' finger.
'We had only been gone for 15 minutes,' McKee told the newspaper.
'It's just heartbreaking.'
Lois Hicks passed away on April 7 in Odessa. A mother of 10, she is survived by eight of her children and many grandchildren and great grandchildren.
Her funeral was held at the funeral home on Monday. She was to be buried at Sunset Memorial Gardens.
Odessa police said Monday that they had received several tips about the theft but had yet to make an arrest.
In the surveillance video, the woman is seen walking straight over the casket and then leaning into the body. She also appears to be talking to the corpse.
Wanted: Police say they have received numerous tips about the woman and are searching for her car
After a few seconds, she can be seen trying to get the ring off the finger, which takes some effort.
She then walks out with her hands folded across her body.
While Hick's family are shocked and appalled at what happened, they are comforted by one thing - the ring was purely decorative and put on just for the viewing.
The jewel is made of plastic and cost about $10.
However officials are still adamant to find the woman who stole it.
Anyone with information about the woman or her whereabouts can call the Odessa Police Department at 335-5784 or Odessa Crime Stoppers at 333-8477.
Dreamworld safety audit: Inspectors issue improvement notices after fatal accident
Updated
Seven improvement notices have been issued to Dreamworld by Workplace Health and Safety (WHS) officers in the wake of a deadly ride malfunction last month, as a minister reveals she expects the Gold Coast theme park to reopen by Christmas.
In a statement acknowledging the breaches, Dreamworld said none related to the safety of visitors and all the inspectors' concerns would be addressed before the park reopened to the public.
It said along with the improvement notices, several "prohibition" notices were issued concerning the BuzzSaw ride, specifying concerns with the "maintenance safety harness anchor points" and an error regarding the "maintenance safety chain".
Several of the notices related to Dreamworld's adjoining facility, WhiteWater World.
The safety audit follows the accident last month on the Thunder River Rapids ride in which public servants Kate Goodchild, her brother Luke Dorsett and his partner Roozbeh Araghi were killed alongside 42-year-old Cindy Low.
Two young children escaped when a raft flipped into another raft.
A coroner's investigation into the accident is ongoing, and the Thunder River Rapids has been permanently decommissioned.
Dreamworld chief executive officer Craig Davidson said the breaches identified by WHS involved procedural matters, paperwork improvements and the safety of staff and maintenance workers.
He said the notices would be addressed before the parks reopened.
In addition to that safety audit, he said there would be a multi-tiered review by Dreamworld's own engineers, an international theme park safety expert and leading Australian amusement ride engineers, Pitt & Sherry.
Dreamworld outlined the improvement notices in a statement released late yesterday:
Green Room Waterslide — the "Emergency Stop" button's colour is faded and the label contains the manufacturer's ride name not WhiteWater World's name.
WhiteWater World is required to submit a Chemical Register to notify WHSQ of storage of hazardous chemicals.
The Flowrider ride requires an updated chemical log book.
Staff working on the Flowrider are required to use upgraded Personal Protective Equipment (respiratory masks) when adding pool chemicals and should be trained in how to use the new masks.
A Flowrider plastic mat connection contained a sharp edge and was a potential scratch hazard. Dreamworld has repaired this.
Dreamworld requires durable tags for all electrical equipment/tools ("tag and test" tags).
A maintenance staff member working on the Escape from Madagascar ride did not comply with "work at heights" requirements.
In addressing the three "prohibition" notices, Dreamworld said it would undertake "independent certification to ensure the ride manufacturer's anchor systems comply with Australian standards".
Minister 'more than happy' to go on rides
State Industrial Relations Minister Grace Grace said she expected Dreamworld to reopen to the public before Christmas.
"My understanding is Dreamworld is anticipating to open before the busy Christmas time," she said.
"I welcome that they are going to make sure that everything is ticked off before they do that."
Asked if she would visit the park again, Ms Grace said she would "absolutely".
"I have full confidence that when they open, I would be more than happy to go on any one of the rides," she said.
"Although I'm one of those people that does get sick on some rides, so there may be some that I might give a miss."
Life Saving Queensland to audit pools
The statement said Royal Life Saving Queensland representatives were on site this week to audit the pools and lifesaving procedures at WhiteWater World.
Mr Davidson said Dreamworld would "go well beyond legislative requirements" to ensure the facility's 24 rides and 10 water slides "exceed even the most stringent of safety measures".
"Dreamworld is Australia's biggest theme park and we are layering three levels of engineering inspections on top of the Workplace Health and Safety Queensland audit," he said.
"These expert safety and engineering teams are continuing to work through each section of Dreamworld and WhiteWater World and we are confident of being able to announce a reopening date for both parks very soon.
"Our hearts and thoughts remain firmly with the families and their loved ones involved in the tragic incident and we will continue to keep their representatives informed of our plans."
Topics: accidents, arts-and-entertainment, travel-and-tourism, travel-health-and-safety, qld, upper-coomera-4209
First posted
Australian cricket's domestic season has begun with the JLT One-Day Cup underway, and fielding has moved under the microscope like never before.
Cricket Australia's National Fielding Group spent the winter completing a comprehensive analysis of the past six years of domestic cricket, from the under-17 level and up, recording and cataloguing not just catches but also run outs, stumpings and, crucially, the chances that have gone begging.
QUICK SINGLE CA using light touch on big bat crackdown
The data will be available for the National Selection Panel and, while runs and wickets will still reign supreme, a player's ability in the field can now be proven with hard data. And that could be just the thing that gives them the edge at the selection table.
Conversely, poor fielding stats will stick out and could well cost a player a spot in a national squad if they don't meet increasingly tough standards.
The statistics from matches are also supplemented by data now tracked from training drills and testing to measure improvements.
Nielsen takes 'mark of the year' against state teammate
The new data has immediate ramifications for Australia's looming Magellan Ashes series, with the wicketkeeping and No.6 batsman berths wide open.
Currently only domestic cricket stats are available, but international fielding results across all formats are being processed and will be available before the Ashes squad is picked.
The move to take the focus on fielding away from the anecdotal and into hard data analysis has been growing for some time, with CA developing its own fielding average metric ahead of last summer's KFC Big Bash League.
QUICK SINGLE New analysis to change how we view fielding
That method has now been further refined with the introduction of an 'Impact Rating'. This IR takes into account both the players' fielding average (dismissals made divided by the total of opportunities) and their strike rate (dismissals per innings).
The IR gives a readout to demonstrate not just how efficient a fielder is, but how often they are involved in the game, and provides a more accurate and complete picture of a player's fielding prowess.
The data collected also extends to 'assisted' dismissals: Twenty20 cricket has seen an explosion in athletic boundary-line fielding, and where a player dives over the rope to parry a ball to a teammate, both players now get credit.
Match Highlights: CA XI v SA
Run out assists are now also being collected and tracked, and poor return throws, missed direct hits from close-range or bad gathers at the stumps are counted as errors against the players involved.
What constitutes a 'Grade 1' or severe error remains subjective and has the most ability to cause controversy. Put simply, it is a chance that would normally be expected to be taken: a ball hit straight to a player and put down would be a Grade 1 error, but a full-stretch dive that just grazed the fingertips would not. CA has attempted to get around the subjectivity by setting some standardisation among all team data analysts, who are responsible for coding the fielding as well as the usual batting and bowling statistics.
So, now the data is there, what does it say for some of the leading Ashes hopefuls? A look at the country's top wicketkeepers could prove instructive.
Domestic dismissals, all formats since 2011
While the data available to the team analysts and selectors drills down much further, the table above is a top-line look that takes the totals and Grade 1 errors. It includes results from the BBL, the one-day domestic 50-over competition and Sheffield Shield cricket from the 2011-12 summer onwards.
It shows that across all three domestic formats incumbent Test wicketkeeper Matthew Wade has made 168 catches, 21 run outs and 12 stumpings in 116 innings.
Peter Nevill has 197 catches, 23 run outs and 22 stumpings in 164 innings, while rising star Alex Carey has 88 catches and 3 stumpings in 45 innings, including Wednesday's JLT Cup opener.
Wade and Nevill have both had three Grade 1 catching errors with Carey one. Wade has missed four run outs and Nevill three, while for stumpings the errors are six for Wade, eight for Nevill while Carey had his first against the CA XI on Wednesday.
When the above numbers are crunched, you can derive the fielding average, strike rate and Impact Rating, and the results may surprise some who have previously relied on anecdotal evidence.
Fielding analysis, all formats since 2011
All three 'keepers have a fielding average of 0.93 or better, which is elite and where it should be for contenders for international honours.
Carey's 91 dismissals in 45 innings gives him the highest strike rate, and that leads to an Impact Rating of 197.87 which shows that the 26-year-old – from a lot less games played – is both more efficient and more actively involved than either Wade (IR of 161.99) or Nevill (139.49).
Of course, these numbers will provide just one piece of the puzzle, with runs (and wickets for bowlers) as well as character and attitude all part of what selectors will mull over before naming the Ashes squad.
But with analysts now tracking fielding data from teenage years onwards, the message has never been more clear: fielding is no longer cricket's forgotten third discipline.
During President Donald Trump's campaign rally Saturday, first lady Melania Trump made a rare speaking appearance, leading the crowd in prayer before delivering a speech of her own.
In a video recovered from the event, you can see that before Melania Trump began the Lord's Prayer, Donald Trump came over and touched her on the arm. As he does so, Melania Trump seems to flinch and look away before saying "thank you" and moving on — around the 11 second mark in the video below:
It's a moment that has reminded many of Inauguration Day, when Melania Trump was caught looking similarly unhappy with Donald Trump:
While it's been established that Melania Trump is a grown woman who has power and autonomy (no need to #FreeMelania, guys), this video has still caught the eye of some people on Twitter because, as Ursula the Sea Witch once noted, don't ever underestimate the importance of body language:
The flinch at 14 seconds is mesmerizing. https://t.co/RNeaF0wB4T — James Brennan (@Denver_Brennan) February 21, 2017
It's a warning squeeze. I'd venture to guess he doesn't like her getting more cheers than him. — Megravy & Beescuits (@onedankmom) February 19, 2017
But was Melania Trump actually flinching away from the touch of her husband? Was she simply startled by the gesture? Was she unhappy, perhaps, that he was giving her a hint to get a move on with her prayer when she was reveling in the applause?! Who knows? Some mysteries aren't meant to be solved.
JK Rowling (Crédits Tracy Lee Carroll, CC-BY-NC-ND 2.0)
JK Rowling, l'auteur de la saga Harry Potter, publie des lettres de rejet qu'elle a essuyées d'éditeurs. Instructif sur la place de l'erreur dans nos sociétés.
Par Alexis Vintray.
Pour progresser, il est indispensable de laisser chacun essayer de nouvelles solutions. Une quasi-évidence connue depuis longtemps (errare humanum est, perseverare diabolicum) mais qui a du mal à être entendue en France, dans l'éducation ou le monde de l'entreprise.
Pourtant, dans le monde anglo-saxon, cela est bien plus accepté comme en témoigne la publication récente, par la célèbre auteur JK Rowling, mère de Harry Potter, de plusieurs des lettres de refus essuyé de la part de nombreux éditeurs.
By popular request, 2 of @RGalbrath‘s rejection letters! (For inspiration, not revenge, so I've removed signatures.) pic.twitter.com/vVoc0x6r8W — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) 25 mars 2016
Et en effet, son témoignage est une belle source d'inspiration, puisque, malgré quelques dizaines de rejets de maisons d'édition, elle finit par publier un livre qui devient l'un des plus gros succès de l'histoire de l'humanité : “I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down » écrit-elle sur Twitter (en français : « je n'allais pas abandonner tant qu'il restait au moins un éditeur qui n'avait pas encore refusé mon manuscrit. »).
I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down, but I often feared that would happen. https://t.co/bMKu4zJ3nm — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) 25 mars 2016
Les lettres de refus qu'elle publia sur son compte Twitter étaient celles de son dernier livre, écrit sous le pseudonyme de Roger Galbraith. L'auteur explique sur Twitter que celles concernant Harry Potter dorment dans son placard, mais que l'un des éditeurs qui refusa son dernier livre avait aussi refusé Harry Potter.
Le fail, une tendance mondiale
Cette publication par JK Rowling de ses lettres de refus s'inscrit dans une tendance plus générale, d'afficher aussi ses erreurs ou ses échecs et de capitaliser sur ceux-ci. Ainsi, le média spécialisé Frenchweb publiait récemment un article sur la publication par le fonds de capital risque Isai de ses plus gros fail :
En France, c'est bien connu, on a du mal à se vanter de ses échecs, à l'inverse des États-Unis où celui-ci est perçu comme une étape avant le succès… C'est pour imiter l'inititive de «l'anti-portfolio» du fonds américain Bessemer Venture Partners, que le fonds français Isaï vient d'ouvrir son propre portfolio de fails.
Et dans la liste des entreprises dans lesquelles le fonds refusa d'investir figurent Captain Train, la start-up française à succès qui concurrence Voyages SNCF dans la réservation de Train. Mais… c'est le seul nom dans cette liste. Pour Bessemer Venture Partners, pourtant un des meilleurs fonds américains, c'est chez HP, Apple, Ebay, Facebook ou Intel que le fonds refusa d'investir. Une longue liste de fails qui souligne à quel point le capital-risque est un secteur difficile.
Le droit à l'erreur, indispensable pour le succès
Cette valorisation de l'erreur est bienvenue tant qu'elle est dans une perspective éducatrice, et s'inscrit pleinement dans la lignée des idées libérales : les libéraux reconnaissent le rôle inévitable de l'erreur dans le processus normal de l'évolution et, plutôt que de proposer une solution idéale comme les constructivistes, proposent de donner à la société un cadre qui permette ces erreurs et leurs corrections. Ainsi, par essais et erreurs (trial and error dans le vocabulaire de Karl Popper), les individus qui constituent la société peuvent perfectionner progressivement leurs actions.
Les libéraux ne prétendent pas apporter une solution clef en main à tous les problèmes de l'humanité. Cette solution, si tant est qu'elle existe, ne pourrait sûrement pas être découverte par un organisme central qui « gérerait » la société toute entière ou par une classe sociale « pionnière ». Les libéraux encouragent l'apparition d'une société au sein de laquelle l'identification et la correction de l'erreur soient aisées, une société ouverte donc. Espérons qu'elle émerge vite en France, en particulier en cassant tous les carcans actuels…
À lire aussi : pour un droit à l'erreur dans les entreprises.
Image caption President-elect Nicolas Maduro, left, is rejecting Henrique Capriles's calls for a recount
Venezuela's electoral body has announced it will carry out a full audit on all the votes cast in Sunday's disputed presidential poll.
The announcement comes hours ahead of President-elect Nicolas Maduro's inauguration.
Opposition leader Henrique Capriles has challenged Mr Maduro's narrow victory, calling for a vote-by-vote recount.
The decision to audit all the paper receipts of electronic votes is seen as a major concession to the opposition.
The electoral authorities had earlier audited 54% of the vote and said this showed that Mr Maduro, the chosen successor of the late President Hugo Chavez, had won a slim majority.
The official count indicates Mr Maduro won by a narrow margin of about 1.5%, winning 50.8% of votes to Mr Capriles's 49.0%
Mr Capriles said he believed the crucial votes that cost him the presidency are among the unaudited 46% of the vote.
He said there were more than 3,000 incidents from Sunday's poll that needed to be examined.
Correspondents say the announcement comes as a surprise to many after the National Electoral Council initially said the the results, which it announced on Sunday night, were "irreversible".
The council's president, Tibisay Lucena, told AFP news agency that the expanded audit was not a recount but would cover all ballot boxes not audited on election day by reviewing a sample two-thirds of them over the next month.
Venezuela uses electronic voting machines which register an elector's decision and then emit a printed receipt for the voter to deposit into a sealed ballot box. For the audit, the receipts will be compared with the electronic tallies, to check for any irregularities.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Cuban leader Raul Castro were among the first heads of state to congratulate Mr Maduro on his win.
The governments of Brazil, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, Bolivia and Argentina, among others, have also voiced their backing for Mr Maduro's victory.
But the US has so far refused to recognise Mr Maduro's win, calling for an audit of the results.
Secretary of State John Kerry said the US was not yet ready to validate the results of Sunday's poll.
Several opposition-led protests erupted across the country after the official results were announced on Sunday.
But Mr Capriles has urged his supporters to back down from confrontation and instead engage in peaceful rallies, play music and bang on pots in protest.
Mr Maduro is scheduled to be sworn in at 15:30 GMT.
Please do not share the details of this article openly on social media and spoil Star Wars: Episode VIII for those that want to remain spoiler free. These are very general spoilers but lets respect everyone's wishes and not spoil those that do not appreciate spoilers like us.
In Star Wars: Episode VIII we get a closer look at the nefarious forces of the First Order. Not only are the First Order Stormtroopers back as expected, but they have some minor alterations to them which we will get to in a moment. We will see other classic designs brought back to life for the modern incarnation of evil in the galaxy. The red “Imperial Guards” and “Imperial Gunners” have been redesigned for the First Order era. The First Order “Imperial Guards” have a strange visor on them with under-armor and cuffed sleeves and armor under the robes (much more on them later, I promise). This article is really about the new Stormtroopers in Episode VIII and one featured Stormtrooper in particular.
In the past, you may recall I have complained how hard it is for sources to describe Stormtroopers and the differences. Nothing has changed but we were able to pull out some details during the filming we can now share. The Stormtroopers in VIII are pretty much the same as the troopers we saw in The Force Awakens to the average filmgoer. However, you're a Star Wars fan and you can tell the difference between TK armor in A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi. So I know the details matter to you. While the helmets are pretty much the same, one notable difference is that the mouthpiece is said to have become more like the mouth piece on the Original Trilogy Stormtrooper helmet.
I think it is safe to say FN-2199 was the breakout star Stormtrooper of The Force Awakens. In Episode VIII there is a featured Stormtrooper that is a force to be feared in the film. I've heard him referred to as The Executioner and other minor variations of that name. He has a matte black line that goes over half his mask on one side that sets him apart.
The Executioner's weapon is not unlike FN-2199's at the handle but it has three spinning blades on the end that are said to be like something out of Phantasm (think of the crazy blades that come out of the spheres in those films). We think he has a shield but we haven't been able to confirm if he actually uses it in the film or not.
One rumor with some legs we have heard but cannot confirm is that Finn will go up against The Executioner and this time he doesn't have Han Solo to save him like in he did last time (more on Finn's mission very soon).
I passed the details of The Executioner onto our friend Lumberjack Nick. This is like a “police sketch” (or cartoon for that matter) of what the trooper looks like. The weapon is a little different in the film but Nick did a good job at capturing the gist of the character in case the text above leaves anything to be desired. This isn't 1:1 accurate just to be clear; it is to give you an idea of how The Executioner is being described:
I would not be surprised to learn that the The Executioner is a working title or coded pseudonym for the character but you never know. So there you have it–some new variations on the First Order Stormtrooper design and a new featured Stormtrooper with a black matte line across his face. More to come!
Who knew that Allentown once had a fall festival? Apparently 15 years ago it did. And now it's coming back, which is awesome because fall is my favorite season and there should be more fall festivals.
On October 11, 2014, the Allentown Association is bringing back this tradition, featuring live music, street performers, art and artisan vendors, beer tents, food trucks, a farmers' market and a Children's and Family area with performers, face-painting, a petting zoo and a whole lot more.
The entire event will be preceded by a Buffalo Bike Ride, organized by GOBike Buffalo. The ride will start at 10am at GO Bike headquarters (640 Ellicott Street), and arrive at Allen Street and Delaware sometime around noon to 1pm. It's a 27-mile ride throughout historic Buffalo streets, extending from Allentown to MLK Park and then South Buffalo, to the waterfront and LaSalle Park (where some riders will break away back to the festival while others will continue on a longer leg before joining up with the others.
“Bicycling is an integral part of Allentown life,” says Jim Nash, Allentown Association board member and Buffalo Bike Ride organizer. “The Allentown Association is proud to help present the Buffalo Bike Ride as an introduction to Allentown and to the visual beauty of the City of Buffalo.”
*Registration for the ride is $35 and can be done on the morning of the event, but pre-registration is encouraged. Participants will receive an event t-shirt and food vouchers good for any food vendor at the Fall Festival. The Buffalo Bike Ride is produced by the Allentown Association in collaboration with GObike Buffalo, with proceeds benefiting both organizations.
More information and registration is available at www.gobikebuffalo.wildapricot.org under the EVENTS menu.
Following is an update from the festival committee at the Allentown Association:
Allen Street, Buffalo's premiere destination for Art and Entertainment, will be closed from Delaware Avenue to Main Street and will feature live music on stage from 2:00-9:00 PM. Great local bands will perform throughout the day including Pine Fever, The Freshwater Four, David Kane, Intrepid Travelers and Aircraft, along with a professional DJ spinning music in between sets.
Two beer tents on Allen St. will feature Labatt Blue, Blue Light, Flying Bison Octoberfest and Mckenzie's Hard Cider along with Pepsi-Cola and soft drinks. Food vendors and over 25 artist booths, along with food trucks, will enhance the atmosphere and provide unique shopping and dining in addition to over a dozen great restaurants located on Allen Street.
For the young and young at heart, a special Family Fall Celebration area will be located at the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural National Historic Site, just North of Allen St. at 641 Delaware Ave. Franklin Street will be closed from Allen to North Street so that Festival goers can easily travel the half block from the Family Celebration to Allen Street
The Family Fall Celebration goes from 1:00-5:00 PM and will include muscians, acrobats, a petting zoo with over a dozen different animals to meet and interact with, face painting – and each child will have the opportunity to select a pumpkin to paint and take home as a souvenir of the day.
Fall Festival is FREE and open to all of Western New York. For full event details, visit www.allentown.org.
Several of President Donald Trump's close associates met with a Russian lawyer last summer, including his son, Donald Trump Jr., and son-in-law and senior White House adviser Jared Kushner.
The New York Times first reported the meeting on July 8, citing “confidential records” described to the paper. According to the Times, Trump Jr., Kushner, and then-campaign manager Paul Manafort met with a lawyer the paper identified as Natalia Veselnitskaya. According to the Times, Veselnitskaya represents several state-owned Russian businesses and a son of a senior government official whose business was under investigation in the U.S. at the time of the meeting.
The Times notes that this is the first time a meeting between Trump's closest associates and a Russian national has been reported to have taken place during the campaign.
Trump Jr. said in a statement to TIME that an acquaintance asked him to attend the meeting, but did not tell him who he would be meeting with, and that the meeting was primarily about the Russian adoption program in the United States.
Putin banned American families from adopting Russian children in 2012. The ban was part of the country's response to the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, which allows the U.S. to sanctions Russian officials who are believed to have violated human rights. Veselnitskaya is an opponent of the Magnitsky, the Times reports.
“It was a short introductory meeting. I asked Jared [Kushner] and Paul [Manafort] to stop by,” Trump Jr. said in a statement. “We primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children that was active and popular with American families years ago and was since ended by the Russian government, but it was not a campaign issue at that time and there was no follow up.”
Kushner's lawyer told TIME he “briefly” attended the meeting at the request of Donald Trump Jr. Although the Times reported in April that Kushner initially did not disclose contacts with foreign officials in his security clearance forms, his lawyer explained that was a “premature” error was rectified one day later, and that this meeting was disclosed.
“Mr. Kushner has submitted additional updates and included, out of an abundance of caution, this meeting with a Russian person, which he briefly attended at the request of his brother-in-law, Donald Trump Jr. As Mr. Kushner has consistently stated, he is eager to cooperate and share what he knows,” his lawyer said in a statement.
Veselnitskaya told the Times the meeting was primarily about the adoption issue. “Nothing at all was discussed about the presidential campaign,” she told the paper.
The Times subsequently reported Sunday that Donald Trump Jr. attended the meeting after being told there was compromising information about Hillary Clinton, which was not released in his initial statement.
In an additional statement provided to TIME, Donald Trump Jr. Acknowledged that he was told Vesinitskaya could provide “information helpful to the campaign” and she said she had information that individuals connected with Russia were “funding the DNC and supporting Mrs. Clinton” but that her statements didn't make sense.
Kushner's office did not respond to requests for comment. Trump Jr. said he asked Kushner and Manafort to attend the meeting but told them nothing else about the substance.
Write to Alana Abramson at Alana.Abramson@time.com.
After years of lobbying, pro marijuana activists finally have a bill on paper headed for the General Assembly.
The draft bill legalizes recreational marijuana for anyone over 21-years-old. They can buy up to an ounce at a time from shops around the state.
It would still be illegal to smoke in public under the bill and it wouldn't allow people to grow their own plants for personal use.
Anyone under 21 would receive a $100 civil fine for the first offense and an unclassified misdemeanor for any further arrests.
If it passes, initial retail licenses would be limited to 40 stores in Delaware, but the state could expand after three years if there's enough demand.
Lawmakers backing the plan are touting it as a significant job creator across the agriculture, retail and tourism sectors.
"Other states that have regulated marijuana report that they have created thousands of new jobs, direct and indirect," said Rep. Helene Keeley (D-Wilmington South).
Keeley and others are embracing a study from the Marijuana Policy Project, a pro-pot advocacy organization based in Washington, D.C., that pegs tax revenue at $22 million for the first year.
Rep. John Kowalko (D-Newark South), a sponsor of the bill, says legislation like this will help better refocus priorities of the law enforcement community.
“I think that's a waste of resources and I think it's certainly an infringement on people to try to reflect on the heyday of ‘Reefer Madness,'” Kowalko said.
20 percent of all tax revenue raised would go directly to the Department of Education, while another 30 percent would be split by the state health department for addiction treatment, education campaigns and helping those with past pot convictions get jobs.
The rest would go to the General Fund, if not further earmarked.
Kowalko says the money will be a boon to the cash-strapped state, but it should be invested wisely.
“Understand that whatever revenue we get now, being an early entrant into the game is not going to be sustainable and that's okay as long as we prepare for the future. And prepare for the future means we can't just put it in our wallet and go out and spend it on joy rides the next day,” he said.
Last year, a University of Delaware poll found 61 percent of state residents supported full legalization and advocates have held several lobbying days in Dover this year to push lawmakers into action.
But the bill faces opposition from some lawmakers and Gov. John Carney (D).
Carney spokesman Jonathan Starkey says he supports both recent legislation that decriminalized the drug and making marijuana available for medical use.
But the governor wants to monitor other states that have legalized pot before taking any additional steps.
Others in the past have called marijuana a “gateway drug” that leads users to try harder substances.
Former gubernatorial candidate and state Sen. Colin Bonini (R-Dover South) partly campaigned on legalizing marijuana, but he says he needs to digest the bill further before he can support it.
“We've decriminalized it to the point where it's basically legal already, so we should go ahead and legalize it. I think that's the best way to regulate it,” Bonini said.
The General Assembly made possessing less than an ounce of the drug a civil fine in 2015 and legalized medical marijuana in 2011.
It took until 2015 for the first dispensary to open with two more expected to be up and running this year.
"We have not seen any adverse effects from either one of these laws taking place," said Keeley, who has sponsored all three bills in recent years.
Senate Majority Leader Margaret Rose Henry (D-Wilmington East), another key sponsor of the bill, says this will solve a longstanding criminal justice disparity between white and minority offenders.
"There is a disproportionate number of African Americans who are arrested for possession of marijuana who end up in our criminal justice system and who unfairly serve prison terms and are ostracized for the rest of their lives as a result," Henry said.
So far, Alaska, California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon and Washington State have legalized the recreational sale of the drug.
Marijuana products won't be taxed at the cash register. Instead, there would be a fee when growers ship weed to the retail stores.
Retail shops can't be within 1,200 feet of each other within a city or incorporated area, while rural stores have to be separated by at least a mile.
Towns and cities could also pass ordinances to outlaw grow centers, processing plants and storefronts should they choose.
Operating hours would be similar to liquor stores, limited from 9 a.m. to 1 a.m. with further restrictions on Sunday sales. Shops could not open on Thanksgiving, Easter and Christmas.
Anyone looking to run a shop, grow facility or processing center would have to pay up to $5,000 to apply, with a $10,000 business license fee every two years.
The final bill is expected to be introduced Thursday.
Stop me if you've heard this one before:
The $50 Lesson Recently, while I was working in the flower beds in the front yard, my neighbors stopped to chat as they returned home from walking their dog. During our friendly conversation, I asked their little girl what she wanted to be when she grows up. She said she wanted to be President some day. Both of her parents, liberal Democrats, were standing there, so I asked her, “If you were President what would be the first thing you would do?” She replied… “I'd give food and houses to all the homeless people.” Her parents beamed with pride! “Wow…what a worthy goal!” I said. “But you don't have to wait until you're President to do that!” I told her. “What do you mean?” she replied. So I told her, “You can come over to my house and mow the lawn, pull weeds, and trim my hedge, and I'll pay you $50. Then you can go over to the grocery store where the homeless guy hangs out and give him the $50 to use toward food and a new house.” She thought that over for a few seconds, then she looked me straight in the eye and asked, “Why doesn't the homeless guy come over and do the work, and you can just pay him the $50?” I said, “Welcome to the Republican Party.” Her parents aren't speaking to me anymore.
It makes so much sense right? We should all put aside our liberal ways and vote Republican!
Except all this does is highlight the sheer child-like ignorance of the Republican standpoint. The Republican in the story fails to point out some pretty obvious reasons why this wouldn't work.
For starters, no one is homeless by choice. Think about it: shower every night, a roof over your head when it rains, warmth in winter, a cool place to relax in summer, you can go to the bathroom in private…or…you can sit around outside dealing with exposure, wondering where your next meal is going to come from, and being kicked around and treated like a sub human by jerks in business suits.
So why might this guy have no job? Mental illness? Disability? But there's “entitlements” for that!
Here's the deal though: in order to get on disability you a) have to have a diagnosed problem, and b) have to have months worth of bill and rent money to sit on while your case is being processed. Or else, you get evicted. What happens if you get evicted and have no family or friends or church groups to help you out? You end up homeless.
Now, assume you are homeless. Most people, progressives included, like to think of themselves as kind. Ask yourselves this: when was the last time you let a homeless man into your house or yard? How are you supposed to get a job when you have one set of clothes you can't wash, you can't afford a haircut, you have nowhere to shower and clean yourself up, and people are so busy being terrified of you to hire you to clean their house or pull their weeds?
Well, there are shelters, you might say. Churches will help you out. People will give you money, and you can make a boatload panhandling.
Makes sense, unless you've been there. Most communities, if they have a shelter, are not open 24/7. The ones that are, are usually overcrowded. Most churches might give you some outdated clothes that don't fit, but they aren't going to give you a place to live. They aren't going to pay your rent and bills until you can find a job.
How much do people usually give a panhandler? Some change? A dollar? How many people actually give money to the homeless?
Now assume we are talking about an incredibly lucky homeless person here — someone walks up, offers this person a job right off. That doesn't fix things. What kind of job are you going to give a homeless person off the street? Some minimum wage or less than minimum wage job? They certainly won't be making as much as a CEO of a major corporation.
Say they get lucky, and they get a full time minimum wage job — Federal minimum wage is $7.25 an hour. You work about 38 hours a week. Your gross income is $14,326. After taxes, it works out to about $1000 a month for a single person.
Out of that $1000, you have to pay your transportation to work, say, the bus. Busses cost, say, $2.00 a trip. That's $4 a day, or about $120 a month. Now you are left with $880. You need to eat, and you don't have a house, so cooking a meal at home is out of the question. McDonald's it is. Two meals a day (because you are trying to save up here) at $6 a meal, is $12 a day, or $360 dollars a month. You are now left with $520. Then there's the laundry costs. You can't go to work in stinky clothing. One load of laundry a week is what, $10? $4.25 for a washer, $3.75 for a dryer, plus the cost of detergent. That's $40 a month. We are down to $480.
You're gonna want a place to sleep, most cheap motels have weekly rates of about $200 a week, or $800 a month. We arrange a roommate to split this, $400 a month.
The most you can really afford rent wise is $800 — that is what you are paying now for a motel with a roommate. First month's rent, plus a deposit are going to cost you about $1600. Add in another $200 or so for utilities. $1800 gets you an apartment with no furniture, but power and water! You can sleep on the floor.
It would take you 23 months to save up that $1800. 23 months is just under 2 years — assuming you never have a sick day, never have your hours shorted, and your bills don't go up.
It isn't as easy as Republicans seem to think.
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent, BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The oldest evidence of four-legged animals walking on land has been discovered in southeast Poland. Rocks from a disused quarry record the "footprints" of unknown creatures that lived about 397 million years ago. Scientists tell the journal Nature that the fossil trackways even retain the impressions left by the "toes" on the animals' feet. The team says the find means that land vertebrates appeared millions of years earlier than previously supposed. "This place has yielded what I consider to be some of the most exciting fossils I've ever encountered in my career as a palaeontologist," said team member Per Ahlberg from Uppsala University, Sweden. "[They are] fossil of footprints that give us the earliest record of how our very distant ancestors moved out of the water and moved on to the land and took their first steps." Numerous trackways have been identified in the Zachelmie Quarry in the Holy Cross Mountains. They represent the movements of many animals as they scurried around what would have been a tropical muddy shoreline in the Middle Devonian Period of Earth history. Slabs of carbonate rock are dappled with prints that range in size and detail. Some indentations are obscured where successive animals have trampled over the same patch of ground; but others retain exquisite features of the pads and digits that made them. The animals were probably crocodile-like in appearance and lived an amphibian-like existence (although those specific animal forms did not appear until many millions of years later). The dimensions of the prints suggest some individuals were more than two metres long. How one of the Devonian animals might have made the tracks
The Polish and Swedish scientific team analysed the trackway patterns to reconstruct how the ancient creatures would have moved their "hips", "elbows" and "knees". This confirms that only true four-legged animals, or tetrapods, could have left the marks. Theory holds that the first land creatures evolved from fish that had pairs of lobed fins. The precise timing of this transition has been a dynamic field of study in recent years. The assumption of palaeontologists had been that there was a swift but stepwise transition between water and land. The discovery changes the story of the emergence of vertebrates on land Perhaps the most notable fossil in this story is an organism called Tikaalik roseae, an animal that had features intermediate between fish and tetrapods. But Tiktaalik lived about 375 million years ago; and although there are slightly older transition fossils, the Zachelmie Quarry tetrapods break the neat and simple timeline. "The discovery of undoubted trackways from the earliest period of the Eifelian - that is 397 million years ago - pushes back the divergence between fishes and the four-legged vertebrates by about 18 million years, if not probably more," commented Dr Philippe Janvier from the National Museum of Natural History, Paris, France. "I suspect that now we can push the divergence back to the Emsian stage, maybe 400 million years ago. That's surprising, but this is what the fossil evidence tells us," the independent researcher told BBC News. Another key surprise from the research is the recognition that these tetrapods lived in a marine environment, perhaps a coral lagoon. The favoured origin before now for the emergence of tetrapods had been marshy environments, such as deltas or lakes where freshwater dominated. The team behind the latest research said the new explanation made sense because it would have allowed marine ancestors of tetrapods gradually to acquire terrestrial competence while accessing a new and essentially untouched resource of food washed up with the tides. "In the intertidal setting, you've got a smorgasbord laid out twice a day," said Dr Ahlberg. "Every time the tide goes out, it leaves behind this drift-line of dead and moribund animals. All this was just left there for vertebrates - our ancestors - to emerge on to land and pick them off." Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Direct TV dish is seen outside a home in the Queens borough of New York Thomson Reuters LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - DirecTV Chief Executive Officer Mike White on Thursday called for U.S. regulatory scrutiny of Comcast Corp's proposed purchase of Time Warner Cable Inc and the "effective broadband monopoly" he said it might create in as much as two-thirds of the United States.
White said his company, the nation's largest satellite TV provider, was still determining what position to take with Washington regulators who will review the merger. The deal will be reviewed by the Federal Communications Commission and either the U.S. Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission, the two agencies that share antitrust oversight in the United States.
"If the deal is approved as proposed, it clearly represents an unprecedented media concentration in one company," White told analysts on a conference call after DirecTV reported quarterly results.
"One of the challenges is to try and ensure that it is appropriately scrutinized," he said.
Comcast, when it announced the deal on February 13, said it would not reduce competition because the two cable providers do not compete in any markets. Comcast also said the deal would benefit consumers, in part because it would eventually result in higher broadband speeds.
A Comcast spokesman had no comment on White's remarks.
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by Jan Paschal)
In early August 2017, Malhama Tactical, an unusual militant group operating in Syria and sometimes labelled the “Blackwater of jihad,” issued a statement in which it hinted at a planned expansion into China and alluded to the experiences of China's Uighur population in the western Chinese province of Xinjiang.
The message is a departure from the group's previous statements, which have been aimed at the Syrian government and its allies — Russia and Iran. It is likely only rhetoric, as the Malhama Tactical's operations have so far been confined to the Syrian conflict, where its battle-hardened Chechen fighters have turned the training of young jihadists into a profitable business.
However, the group claims to have added Chinese fighters to its ranks. While for now its proposed expansion into Xinjiang appears fanciful, it is possible Malhama Tactical ultimately has bolder ambitions.
Jihadist Training Force
The Malhama Tactical group is run for profit and advertises itself on social media networks as the first jihadist private military training company. In January 2017, it even posted a job opening on Facebook for instructors with military experience interested in joining a “fun and friendly team” and who were willing to conduct “professional training sessions on military theory and practice” for inexperienced fighters.
The group is comprised of a dozen jihadist veterans from Russia's Muslim republics of Chechnya, Dagestan and Tatarstan, as well as other former Soviet-countries such as Belarus and Uzbekistan, and some native Arabic-speaking fighters.
Online video clips posted by the group show professionally kitted-out mercenaries armed with AK-47s, Stayer AUG assault rifles and the ubiquitous rocket-propelled grenade launchers (RPGs). In one film, the group addresses prospective jihadists in Russian, explaining how to become a professional fighter for Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (formerly known as Jabhat Fateh al-Sham and Jabhat al-Nusra) and its allies fighting in Syria. This is complemented by well-produced video footage showing assaults against Syrian government loyalists, recorded in high-definition by commercial aerial drones and accompanied by a soundtrack of Arabic music.
In videos posted on YouTube, Facebook and VKontakte (a Russian equivalent to Facebook), Malhama Tactical claims to offer training in military tactics and weapons maintenance, as well as offering advice and analysis. It also provides online guides for insurgents on how to maintain and build weapons (Gazeta.ru, March 12).
Most of Malhama Tactical's online training materials are in Russian, with only a few items in Arabic. The modus operandi of its publications is that of the Chechen guerrilla — in one online manual, prospective fighters are taught how to construct a “khattabka grenade,” a Chechen insurgent modification of the commonly used Russian grenade launcher cartridges.
Origins and Leadership
The group was founded in March 2016 by a 23-year-old ethnic Uzbek named Abu Rofiq. According to Verdens Gang, a Norwegian tabloid newspaper, he was born in Uzbekistan and moved to Russia as a young man, where he grew up in Moscow (Verdens Gang, January 18). He seems to have had military training — a Russian newspaper claimed he enlisted in the Russian army as a common soldier, or possibly a cook — though he appears to have later spent time in Russia's elite Vozdushno-Desantnye Voyska (VDV) or air-landing force (Gazeta.ru, March 12).
In August 2013, he travelled to Syria, where he joined Jamaat Saifullah ash-Shishani (a.k.a. Katiba Sayfullah), a Chechen militant unit that operated under the auspices of Jabhat al-Nusra. In 2014, he was appointed to run a training camp belonging to al-Qaeda in Aleppo and worked as an instructor for new recruits.
He led the Malhama Tactical until February 2017, when a Russian airstrike brought an end to his career. Abu Rofiq, his wife and infant son were all reportedly killed in Idlib on February 7 (Gazeta.ru, March 12).
The group has continued, however, under the leadership of Abu Salman Belarussi. His appointment was announced on the group's Twitter page on May 5. According to an online statement released by the group, Abu Salman Belarussi, like Abu Rofiq, is of military pedigree, having been a senior sergeant of the 103rd Guards Airborne Brigade of the Special Operations Forces of Belarus based in the Vitebsk Region.
Non-Aligned and For-Profit
The fact the group advertises itself as a professional training unit and not as an active fighting force has unleashed the ire of other militants. Islamic State (IS) supporters on various social media platforms frequently criticize Malhama Tactical's yearning for profits as a perversion of the true call for jihad. Complaints that Malhama Tactical deliberately avoids direct participation in the conflict are visible in comments and posts made by various IS supporters and fighters on Twitter, Facebook and other blogging websites.
Instead, Malhama Tactical has worked with a range of jihadist groups, despite avoiding pledging allegiance to any particular one. It has worked with Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, Ahrar al-Sham, the Chechen-led militant group Ajnad al-Kavkaz, which is fighting in Syria's Latakia province, the Turkistan Islamic Party (TIP) in Syria and Ansorul Jihad, a Central Asian militant unit.
In February 2017, a video posted by Ansorul Jihad on YouTube featured scenes of the group's members conducting “joint tactical training” with the Malhama Tactical in northern Syria. Ansorul Jihad, founded by Abu Umayr Turkistani in 2016, is an independent militant unit in Syria fighting against the Syrian government forces, and its predominantly ethnic Uzbek and Central Asian fighters share cultural commonalities with members of Malhama Tactical.
The video featured a group of more than ten masked fighters practicing military tactical drills and undergoing weapons and physical training in a ruined building. The fighters performed exercises with small arms and grenades, as well as with the insurgent weapon of choice, the RPG.
Similarly in 2016, Malhama Tactical was involved in a number of major operations launched by Jaish al-Fatah and its other jihadist allies against Syrian government forces in the north of Syria, including participating in the battle for the 1070 al-Hamdaniyah Housing Project in Aleppo in August 2016 (al-Masdar News, February 7). It also took part in the battle in the east of Aleppo in the fall of 2016, which ended with the invasion of the Dahiyat al-Assad and Minyan districts (al-Masdar News, February 7).
Malhama Tactical's main area of operations is in Syria's ravaged cities of Idlib and Aleppo. Throughout 2017, Malhama Tactical trained militants from Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, Ajnad al-Kavkaz and their affiliated groups in modern guerrilla warfare, advancing their capabilities against the Syrian military.
From May 2016 to May 2017, Malhama Tactical produced and posted about 37 instructional videos providing guidance on a wide range of military exercises, including on-battlefield medical response, target practice, military assault courses, the use of rocket-propelled grenades and ambush tactics.
Funding and Finance
Profit is supposedly Malhama Tactical's main motivation. Its direct income is from training fighters, but it also relies on online donations. The group has made numerous fund-raising appeals through Twitter, Telegram, Facebook, YouTube and Russian social-networking sites like VKontakte and Odnoklassniki (Classmates).
The group uses electronic online payment services for its crowd-funding calls, including platforms like Wallet One and QIWI Koshelek. It has even used crypto-currencies. In the past, when Abu Rofiq operated as a trainer for Jamaat Saifullah ash-Shishani (a.k.a. Katiba Sayfullah), he reportedly requested donations via QIWI Koshelek, a Russian online payment system (RFE, September 26, 2015).
In September 2015, Abu Rofiq made two separate appeals to raise donations to help the group purchase equipment and “assist those who are in need.” He instructed would-be supporters to contact him privately for details on how to donate. Most recently, group members have begun crowd funding using the crypto currency Bitcoin (Ria Fan, May 28).
The online support base is growing with nearly 2,400 subscribers and 250,676 views on YouTube, as well as 600 members on its public Facebook page. On Twitter, the group has more than 1,500 followers. In January 2017, a member of Malhama Tactical used Twitter to call for anonymous donations and give an account number with Wallet One, a Johannesburg-registered international payment system.
While the group's online financial network is developing, local donations — even in the form of livestock — appear to be welcome. In November 2016, on its Twitter page, the group claimed to have received a sheep from an unnamed local Syrian as a token of his support.
Malhama's Expansion Plans: China
In March 2017, a video issued by the group indicated that Malhama Tactical's military strength is increasing. The videos showcased more than 30 militants in the group, an increase from the initial core unit of a dozen trainers. It also has fighters from Arab countries, Turkey, the Maldives and China.
Malhama Tactical has trained low-skilled Uighur fighters belonging to the Turkistan Islamic Party's division in the Levant (TIP-L) and participated alongside TIP-L in operations against the Syrian regime in southern Aleppo in September 2016 (CSEF Russia, March 2). The group claims that not only Uighurs, but also Han Chinese are among its trainees.
In April 2017, the group published an online photo of two new fighters in its ranks. One of them, a trainer/translator who is a Mandarin Chinese speaker, was identified as “Yunus Kitaets” (Yunus from China).
The threat of a Malhama Tactical-led jihad to China seems fanciful at present. However, in its message published on Twitter in August, the group warned: “O our brothers in Turkistan [Xinjiang]! We have not forgotten about you. You are our beloved brothers. We promise that the help will come to you. Allah is with us. There is no blessing in those who, after all of these, say that the time of battles has not come. Now, the time of battles has come!” [1]
The ripples of Malhama Tactical's threat to Beijing are expanding from Syria to Xinjiang. If the group has the capacity to shape angry Uighur youth into elite fighters, then it is going to be able to threaten not only the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, but also the land corridors along Beijing's Belt and Road initiative.
There is perhaps some irony here as Blackwater founder Eric Prince has positioned himself as key to Beijing's effort to secure the Belt and Road initiative via his Hong Kong-registered private military company, Frontier Services Group.
Tackling the Threat
If Messrs Prince and Abu Rofiq have anything in common, it is the recognition of, and ability to, capitalize on the international private military security market. Malhama Tactical is a commercial enterprise — preventing future terrorist cells from benefiting from its capabilities starts with countering the group's financial support.
Tracing and following the money trail to Malhama Tactical is fundamental to preventing it from augmenting the capabilities of other militant threats. Also of paramount importance is countering the online narrative of “Boys' Own” adventurism in conflict zones that such groups promote.
NOTES
[1] Author translation from the Russian.
In Geneva, a senior Libyan diplomat vehemently denied that Libyan forces had committed atrocities, including a systematic campaign of rapes by soldiers, possibly including the distribution of Viagra, as prosecutors for the International Criminal Court suggested on Wednesday.
Investigations into rape and sexual abuse in war zones are notoriously difficult, and even some human rights groups have cast doubt on the accusations. Amnesty International said in a statement on Thursday that the group's researchers, working in eastern Libya, Misurata and in refugee camps along the Tunisian border, “have not to date turned up significant hard evidence to support this allegation” of systematic rape.
Libyan officials have also steadfastly denied talk of any deal involving Colonel Qaddafi's leaving the country, but even so officials meeting here as part of what is called the “contact group” increasingly took steps to prepare for what Mrs. Clinton in her remarks called “the inevitable: a post-Qaddafi Libya.”
The officials established a financial mechanism — first agreed on when they met last in Rome a month ago — that would allow direct assistance to the Libyan opposition despite United Nations sanctions that remain in place on the country. That cleared the way for nearly $300 million in assistance already pledged by Kuwait and Qatar, two Arab nations that have strongly supported international action against the Qaddafi government. Italy, France, Turkey, Australia and other countries also pledged additional money on Thursday totaling more than $1 billion, much of it backed by frozen Libyan government assets. But the money still faces legal hurdles before it can reach the rebels.
Video
The United States and Australia joined Britain and other countries in recognizing Libya's opposition as the legitimate representative of the country, a step closer to diplomatic recognition.
The opposition in the eastern half of the country, known as the Transitional National Council, has pleaded for as much as $3 billion worth of immediate assistance to pay for emergency needs and basic services in the parts of Libya it controls. And its leaders expressed frustration over what they viewed as the plodding pace of international diplomacy.
“It's beyond frustration,” the opposition's finance minister, Ali Tarhouni, said on the sideline of Thursday's meeting, held at the Emirates Palace, an opulent hotel on the shores of the Persian Gulf.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The foreign minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheik Abdullah bin Zayed al-Nahyan, acknowledged the sluggish pace of international efforts to dislodge Colonel Qaddafi from power, following his crackdown on a popular uprising that began in February. “I understand the dissatisfaction that is felt, and this dissatisfaction is legitimate,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Our brothers and sisters in Libya are losing blood and money and time as well,” he added, but then laid the blame on the refusal of Colonel Qaddafi and his aides to respond to international demands to end the violence. “How did they allow this situation to reach this point in the first place?”
The tone of the meeting here contrasted with that of defense ministers of the NATO alliance the day before in Brussels. There, the strains of a military operation now nearing the end of its third month became public, as Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates pressed some allies — Germany, Poland, the Netherlands, Spain and Turkey — to contribute more to the military effort, only to be rebuffed.
Turkey's foreign minister, Ahmet Davutoglu, appeared with Sheik Abdullah and declared that “we have a duty and a burden on our shoulders” to support Libya's opposition, through humanitarian means, if not military ones. Mr. Davutoglu also called for a political resolution, though that seems as remote as ever.
In Washington, President Obama's nominee to replace Mr. Gates as defense secretary, Leon E. Panetta, testified before the Senate that there were signs that Colonel Qaddafi's government might “be starting to crack.” But, he added, “The odds of a stalemate remain far too high.”
Mrs. Clinton announced here that the United States would contribute an additional $26 million in humanitarian aid to international organizations, not directly to the rebels. That would bring American humanitarian aid to $81 million over all, as Congress worked on legislation that would allow the administration to free up some of the more than $38 billion in Libyan assets now frozen under the United Nations Security Council resolution, a process that could take weeks or months longer.
While Mrs. Clinton said she was aware of quiet diplomacy that included “the potential for a transition,” she appeared to dismiss the possibility of a negotiated exit by Colonel Qaddafi, saying, “There is not any clear way forward yet.”
She sounded optimistic, though, even as some in Congress have begun to express concern about the depth and duration of another American conflict in the Middle East. “We have very good reason to believe that time is on our side,” she said, “so long as we sustain the pressure.”
Cyber Monday Shop Arrives at Midnight
Gear up and get your glow on!
Congratulations on CRUSHING EbilCorp in our Thanksgiving 2017 war! You drove out Mr. Z and his BogoDrones... and then got to reap the war rewards. But with the feast done and war won, the time for battling is over. Now heroes across the game (and America) are fighting for... NEW GEAR! Set your alarm clocks, because our Cyber Monday gear goes live at 12:01 AM EST on Monday morning.
Cyber Blood of Nulgath armor: 1,500 ACs or 50,000 gold (member-only)
1,500 ACs or 50,000 gold (member-only) Cyber Caladbolg: 1,000 ACs (blue variant)
1,000 ACs (blue variant) Proto Caladbolg: 1,000 Legion Tokens (blue variant)
1,000 Legion Tokens (blue variant) Viral Caladbolg: 1,000 ACs (red variant)
1,000 ACs (red variant) Cyber Bloodletters of Nulgath: 300 AC (blue variant)
300 AC (blue variant) Re-Vitalized Bloodletters of Nulgath: 25,000 gold (member-only, red variant)
25,000 gold (member-only, red variant) M4tr1x Bloodletters of Nulgath: 300 AC (green variant)
300 AC (green variant) Cyberlord Blade of Nulgath: 200 AC
200 AC Vampiric M4tr1x of Nulgath: 9,000 gold
9,000 gold Galactic OmniKnight Blade 1.0: 1,000,000 gold
1,000,000 gold Cyber Knights's Hammer: 2,500 ACs
The Cyber Caldbolg is also available for Legion Tokens (find that in the Undead Legion merge shop as the Proto Caladbolg). Plus, the ALL-NEW Moglitech Armor set from Axeros, available for ACs or member gold!
Also available are our Black Friday 2017 items:
Obsidian Legion Vampire armor: 1,000 ACs
1,000 ACs Onyx Legion Vampire armor: 1,000 ACs or 1,000 Legion Tokens
1,000 ACs or 1,000 Legion Tokens Obsidian BladeMaster armor: 1,000 ACs or 100 Legion Tokens + 200,000 gold
1,000 ACs or 100 Legion Tokens + 200,000 gold Shadowed Berserker armor: 500 ACs
500 ACs Dark Iced Jester armor: 500 ACs
500 ACs Shadow Void of Nulgath armor: 1000 ACs or 7 gold (member-only)
1000 ACs or 7 gold (member-only) Shadow Fox pet: 25,000 gold (member-only)
25,000 gold (member-only) Dark Champion swords: 30,000 gold (member-only)
30,000 gold (member-only) Black Blunderbuss gun: 100,000 gold (member-only)
100,000 gold (member-only) Dark Midknightgown armor: 10,000 gold
10,000 gold Dark Chaos Berserker armor: 100,000 gold
Both the rare Cyber Monday and Black Friday shop items will be availalble until Monday, December 4th!
What follows below could be considered spoilers by some. Read on if you don't mind knowing about a planet from The Force Awakens that will appear in Star Wars: Episode VIII.
Yesterday I reported:
dwellings are being made at Pinewood to be carried to off-site locations for filming around May 2016.
Today my favorite Irish Star Wars Podcast, “Blabba The Hutt” helped us confirm that. The Skellig Michael beehive dwellings are being replicated. “Blabba The Hutt” also have a huge contribution to the information, and that's where the dwellings are being taken:
We also got a tip as to where the ‘Cheat' location for Skellig Michael will be! Our sources have told us that ‘Ceann Sibeal' (Irish for Sibil Head) in West Kerry will provide the backdrop for Ahch-To (the planet we find Luke Skywalker). Production crew are expected to roll into town as early as April 2016!
That lines up perfectly with a few things I have been told recently with people believing they're going to be involved with the production out there closer to Summer 2016, the back end of the shoot.
It is always nice working with an Irish Hutt to talk about dwellings and huts. Check out the “Blabba the Hutt” podcast.
China's treatment of tigers has been condemned by charity groups
Huddled in filthy cages and starved to the extent their fur is hanging off their jutting bones, these once majestic creatures are mercilessly being killed to decorate the homes of the elite, while their bones are ground down to make “tonic” wines.
As few as 3,500 tigers survive in the wild, yet more than 5,000 captive-bred tigers are held in sickening Chinese ‘farms' and ‘zoos'.
Now, pictures released by environmental campaigners shame China's failed efforts to protect these endangered creatures.
Deplorable: Refrigerated tiger carcasses in cold storage
Investigations by the London-based Environmental Investigation Agency (EIA) have uncovered a legalised domestic trade in the sale of tiger body parts, with skins alone being worth up to £25,000.
Although a 1993 State Council order in China banned the use of tiger bone for medicinal purposes, new evidence suggests a ‘secret' Government notification on the use of the bones of captive-bred tigers is being used to justify the manufacture of ‘tonic' wines, which can sell for as much as £130 a bottle.
The body of a tiger is found by authorities
More than 5,000 captive-bred tigers are held in sickening Chinese ‘farms' and ‘zoos'
Tiger bones are soaked in wine, but are not listed as an ingredient in the 'tonic', the reports states.
The report accuses China of defying the will of the international community and calls upon more senior levels of the Government to take control and amend laws to facilitate the destruction of stockpiles of all tiger parts and the phasing out of tiger farms.
Tigers are starved to death and then turned into wine, the report reveals
A new report has revealed the shocking cruelty China's tigers must endure
EIA also wants the Government to send a clear message to all breeders, consumers and the industry that official policy is to end all demand and trade.
Debbie Banks, Head of EIA's Tiger Campaign, said: “The stark contradiction between China's international posture supporting efforts to save the wild tiger and its inward-facing domestic policies which stimulate demand and ultimately drive the poaching of wild tigers represents one of the biggest cons ever perpetrated in the history of tiger conservation.
“Pro-tiger trade policies are championed by only a handful of officials in a couple of Government departments and it behooves China to vigorously address and terminate this intolerable disconnect between words and deeds which so undermines international efforts to save the tiger.”
A vat of the tiger wine "tonic"
Jill Stein could be on the hook for millions of dollars to cover the cost of a Michigan election recount if a Republican-sponsored bill is enacted into law.
HB 6097 would require candidates more than 5 percent of the vote behind the winner to pay the entire actual cost of a statewide recount, and it would be retroactive to the beginning of 2016.
It would only apply to statewide and federal offices.
House Elections Committee Chair Lisa Lyons, R-Alto, introduced the bill last week and it passed out of that committee on Tuesday, Dec. 6.
House bill would amend Michigan's recount law in response to Jill Stein request At least one member of Michigan's House of Representatives is interested in changing how ballot recounts are done in the state following Green Party candidate Jill Stein's unprecedented statewide presidential recount request.
All five Republicans on the committee approved moving the bill forward. Democrats Jeff Irwin, D-Ann Arbor, and Jon Hoadley, D-Kalamazoo, voted against it and Democrat Gretchen Driskell, D-Saline, abstained.
A recount of Michigan's vote in the Nov. 8 presidential election began Monday. Stein, the Green Party's presidential candidate, is paying a required fee of $973,250, but Michigan Secretary of State Ruth Johnson has said the actual cost could be $2 million or more.
Michigan vote recount up and running as additional legal challenges loom MASON, MI -- Michigan's presidential recount is underway in two counties so far as Attorney General Bill Schuette and the Michigan Republican Party set the stage for more legal battles over the effort.
Michigan Republican Party officials believe the full cost could be much higher. Eric Doster, an attorney for the state party, said the cost could reach up to $12 million.
Stein paying $973K for ballot recount as estimates for total cost climb to millions Attorneys for Green Party candidate Jill Stein announced Wednesday that they expected to pay $973,250 to the state for the statewide presidential ballot recount, but were vague on whether the campaign would contribute funding for additional costs associated with the effort.
"This legislation would protect taxpayers from frivolous recounts," Lyons said during a committee hearing Tuesday morning. "Candidates should have the right to ask for a recount, but they should have the responsibility to pay for it, especially if the outcome is unlikely to change.
"We're just asking to protect taxpayers from frivolous recounts," Lyons said.
Rep. Jeff Irwin, D-Ann Arbor, questioned making the proposed law retroactive, saying it was unfair "to change the rules in the middle of the game."
But his amendment to make the change effective in April 2017 was defeated on a 5-3 party-line vote.
Irwin also questioned the presumption "that the only important outcome in a recount is an actual change in the election."
He argued the current recount is serving as an important "audit" of the process that could uncover fraud as well as "simple incompetence" by election officials.
"Sometimes when we do these recounts, we find irregularities that are worth looking into," Irwin said.
"There has been a lot of concern expressed in this committee about voter fraud. Most of the concern on our side of the aisle is about fraud by officials. This gives us a chance to see if somebody is putting their thumb on the scale," he said.
Under current law, any candidate on the ballot can file for a recount and pays a fee on a pay scale depending on the closeness of the vote. If the official canvass of the votes shows the candidate seeking the recount lost by more than 50 votes or half of 1 percent of total votes, the candidate pays $125 per precinct. Otherwise, the candidate seeking the recount would pay $25 per precinct.
Stein's campaign has said it is working with the Board of State Canvassers to get an accurate estimate of total statewide recount costs and finding out where it could contribute beyond the legal obligations.
Find An Event Create Your Event Help Beer by Design First Year of Beer Beer By Design Brewery
Northglenn, CO Share this event:
Join us for a month-long of exciting events to celebrate our First Year of Beer!
June 9th- Beer and Cheese Pairing Buffet
June 13th- LIVE MUSIC with Call Us a Cab
June 14th 1:00pm - Brewmaster's Class w/ Vance Sabbe- $10
Join our brewmaster Vance as he takes you through the brewhouse and the brewing process. Fee covers beer samples and class
June 18th 7:30pm - Trivia Night
June 19th 7:00pm - Chocolate and Beer Pairing- $12
Ziva Chocolates has partnered with us to bring you 3 beer infused chocolates paired with 3 beers
June 21st- Car Show! Live Music! Food Truck!
June 24th 6:30pm- Anniversary Pairing Dinner- $35
A 3-course 4 beer pairing dinner with Comfortable Food Truck
1st Course:
Watermelon and Cucumber Gazpacho with Jalapeño Popper Grilled Cheese Bites
2nd Course:
Chicken 'n Biscuits with Lemon Garlic Broccoli made with Chili Ale
3rd Course:
Apple Pie with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream
June 26th 6:30pm- Drink Like a Girl Class- $15
Ladies, this one if for you! Get the girls together and come learn about malt and how it makes the beer we love to drink
June 27th- LIVE MUSIC with Vintage Highway
June 29th 10am- Homebrew Day
Quirky Homebrew supply will be here with us today to help us brew 100 gallons of homebrew! Bring your system or just come to check out others. Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. Not Available Location Beer By Design Brewery (View)
2100 E 112th Ave
Northglenn, CO 80233
United States 2100 E 112th AveNorthglenn, CO 80233United States
Categories Education > Classes Food > Beer, Wine, Spirits Food > Sweets Food
Minimum Age: 21 Kid Friendly: No Dog Friendly: No Non-Smoking: Yes! Wheelchair Accessible: Yes! Contact Email:
support@brownpapertickets.com
SANTIAGO CITY - Around 55 different kinds of explosives were found in this city's dumpsite in Barangay San Jose Monday morning.
Waste segregator Romeo Pineda first discovered the explosives while sorting out garbage in the Solid Waste Management and Disposal Facility of the dumpsite.
Pineda immediately reported it to the City Public Safety Company (CPSC) for the proper disposal of the explosives. The explosives were retrieved by the Explosive Ordnance Disposal Team of CPSC.
According to Police Superintendent Alex delos Santos, CPSC's chief, the explosives include a 40mm mortar and vintage bombs or explosives used during World War II.
Delos Santos suspected that a junkshop disposed of the explosives knowing the danger these pose.
“Mga junkshop lang naman yung madalas na bumibili ng mga ganyan dahil nga inaakala nilang pwedeng pagkakitaan yung bakal,” added delos Santos.
(Junkshops usually buy these explosives believing that they can make profit out of its metal casing.)
He also revealed that six of the old bombs, weighing about four kilos, still have primers indicating that these remain active.
“Pinapayuhan natin ang mga makakadiskubre ng ganito na huwag ng galawin dahil pwedeng maging sanhi ng sakuna kapag sumabog. I-report na lang sa awtoridad."
(We advise those who will discover these bombs to refrain from touching these because it can cause serious damage. Instead, report it immediately to authorities.)
The explosives were already turned over to the Explosive Ordnance Disposal team of the Philippine Army.
Activists say country stuck in mindset of pantomime depictions of LGBT people and hopes Io e Lei will help spark sensible debate on same-sex marriage
Same-sex couples in Italy have found a new champion in the actor Sabrina Ferilli, who is seeking to change the perception of lesbians in a country where homosexuality is often depicted in negative terms.
Ferilli is starring in Io e Lei (She and I), a romantic comedy released in cinemas this week that depicts what critics are calling a “normal” lesbian relationship.
“It is an important movie that is speaking to society and politicians, and it's saying that there aren't rights for gay and lesbian couples,” said Fabrizio Marrazzo, a gay rights campaigner with the campaign group Arcigay.
“Sabrina Ferilli is a real female symbol in Italy. It's important she has this role so that people understand that lesbians don't come from another planet,” Marrazzo adds, noting that gay and lesbian people in Italian films are usually characterised in very stereotypical ways, with men looking feminine and women looking butch.
Ferilli has compared her decision to take on the role to Tom Hanks's decision to play a gay man with Aids in the 1993 film Philadelphia. Hanks was the first box office star to play a gay man and won an Oscar for his portrayal of a sick lawyer who sued his firm for discrimination.
An article in Italian daily La Stampa said that the value of Io e Lei, a film by Maria Sole Tognazzi, was that it would not scare people, but instead “entered on tiptoe” in a country that regards same-sex relationships as deeply controversial.
It has also been noted that the film “minimises the erotic sphere”, and has been called the “anti-Blue is the Warmest Colour” – the critically acclaimed French film about a lesbian relationship, which contained several graphic sex scenes.
“I was caught by the idea of a story of two women who love each other, with total communion of feelings,” Ferilli told La Stampa. “I never turn away from battles. We live in a country that is bigoted, that leaves people on the street, with no solutions, particularly those who are considered not normal.”
The film's release comes as Italian lawmakers are gearing up for a potentially controversial vote this month that would offer same-sex couples the right to a civil union, since Italy is the only major western European country that does not recognise such partnerships.
Matteo Renzi, the centre-left prime minister, has vowed since he came to power last year to pass legislation offering same-sex couples the right to civil unions, but he has struggled to find a willing majority to push the law through. The proposal faces tough opposition from Catholic groups and conservative parties.
Italy is facing international pressure to act following a July ruling by the European court of human rights that found the country did not offer adequate legal protection and recognition to same-sex couples.
Marrazzo, the gay rights campaigner, said a majority of Italians do support civil union rights – about 80% – although support wanes when people are asked whether LGBT couples ought to be allowed to adopt children.
Marrazzo sees the release of Io e Lei as a good step, even if the real battles ahead cannot be left only to “fiction”.
Could the bizarre 'bagel head' look be Japan's most extreme beauty trend yet?
National Geographic's Taboo shows three people having saline infusions to create the look, inspired by the breakfast favourite
A new television series has shed light on the bizarre Japanese trend for 'bagel heads'.
The extraordinary look, which is created by injecting saline into the forehead, then pressing in the centre of the swollen area with a thumb, is a hit on the country's underground body modification scene.
The dramatic results of the two-hour treatment last just 16-24 hours, after which the saline is absorbed by the body and the forehead reduces back to its normal size.
Bagel heads: John (left), Marin (centre) and Scorpion (right) pose after having saline injected into their foreheads to create the bizarre body modfication
The process is revealed on National Geographic's Taboo , where three people are seen undergoing the treatment in Tokyo.
It shows John, Marin and Scorpion having a large needle, attached to a saline drip, inserted into their foreheads.
The practitioner administering the treatment, Asami, is heard saying: 'You really need to do it the right way, to reduce the risks.'
The sensation is evidently uncomfortable. As it punctures the skin, John says: 'Ooh... That's a needle going into my head... Ooh.'
Breakfast chic? Marin poses with her new 'bagel head'. The effects are temporary and the saline will be absorbed by her body after 16-24 hours
Once fully inserted, the outline of the needle is clearly visible under the surface of the skin, and the saline slowly begins filling the forehead. At this point, John describes feeling 'a slight stinging sensation'.
'It's a relaxing sensation, kind of tingly, and also a building pressure that's kind of slow and steady that kind of feels like it's putting me to sleep'
He then reports a trickling feeling so intense, he is convinced that the liquid is falling down the outside of his face, asking the room: ' Is there something dripping down my head? ... I can really feel it in there, trickling down.'
After an hour or so, the brave trio's foreheads look significantly swollen, and they appear to have become accustomed to the needle in his head.
'Right now it's kind of a relaxing sensation, kind of tingly, and also a kind of building pressure that's kind of slow and steady that kind of feels like it's putting me to sleep,' John says.
Over the course of two hours, around 400cc of saline is transfused into each forehead. Once it has reached the desired size, the practitioner removes the needle, and presses his thumb into the centre of the swelling.
Extreme procedure: Practitioner Asami pinches Marin's forehead to insert the needle for her saline transfusion
When the thumb on his forehead is removed John looks stunned, and the room breaks into a round of applause.
'Oh sweet buttery bagels - I'm impressed!' he exclaims. 'I look delicious!'
' Oh sweet buttery bagels - I'm impressed! I look delicious!'
The finished look is deemed 'cute' by Marin, who sits beside him. Once she and Scorpion, have also had their needles removed and thumbprint made, the trio admire their new looks with delight.
The trend was initially sparked by the artist Keroppy, according to an interview in Vice last year.
He told the magazine how he came across it in Toronto, Canada, at the extreme body modification convention Modcon in 1999.
'I happened to meet Jerome, who was the person who pioneered saline infusions,' he explained. 'We stayed in contact, then eventually I experienced saline with him in 2003 and he gave me permission to bring it to Japan.
Waiting game: John, Marin and Scorpion must allow two hours for their foreheads to fill with saline
'I set up a team in Tokyo to administer infusions for other people. That's been going since 2007.'
He said fans of the procedure enjoy 'saline parties' about twice a year, though some people will take their 'bagel head' to clubs and fetish parties.
The saline injections can be done on any part of the body - some people have even had 'scrotal infusions', he revealed - but for the most part, it is just the forehead.
On its (thankfully) short-term effects, Keroppy joked: 'We enjoy being freaks for the night!'
"We do not agree on the different measures that recently were stated by the government of the United States (that) affect Mexico," Osorio Chong said.
Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson were in Mexico to try to smooth the relationship and address some of the differences that have emerged between the United States and its neighbor.
Their visit to Mexico City follows months of charged rhetoric from President Donald Trump and US immigration measures announced this week that have dramatic implications for the country, including potentially sending significantly more migrants back over the southern border.
"We have expressed our concern about the increase of deportations," Osorio Chong said of meetings he and other Mexican officials had Thursday with Kelly and Tillerson.
Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking ahead of Osorio Chong, was also quick to raise some of these tensions, telling reporters that there was a perception in Mexico that the Trump administration was pursuing "policies that might be hurtful for Mexicans."
Pointing to the issue of illegal migration, he said, "Our concern, to respect the rights of Mexicans living in the United States more, specifically the human rights."
He added that it would be "a long way to go" to be in agreement with the United States and that "facts" were needed in order to "overcome the negative feelings that are prevailing now."
Tillerson, for his part, noted that "two sovereign countries from time to time will have differences."
Standing with Videgaray, however, he focused more on shared concerns in his public comments.
"We listened closely and carefully to each other as we respectfully and patiently raised our respective concerns," he said.
"There's no mistaking that the rule of law matters on both sides of our border," Tillerson said, pledging to work with Mexico to stem the flow of cash and weapons from the US.
But his message in meetings, according to a senior administration official speaking after the top US diplomat's arrival in Mexico Wednesday night, was a little more forceful.
"Tillerson will make, he will acknowledge this, that if we are gonna to have a relationship that works, on border that works, it goes both ways," the official said.
Ahead of their remarks, President Donald Trump said Thursday that he told Tillerson the visit to Mexico was "going to be a tough trip."
Trump, speaking to manufacturers at the White House, said the trip would be difficult "because we have to be treated fairly by Mexico."
As Tillerson arrived Wednesday, Videgaray said publicly that he wanted to "make it clear, in the most emphatic way, that the Mexican government and the people of Mexico do not have to accept measures unilaterally imposed on a government by another government."
US administration officials said Kelly and Tillerson's trip was meant to allow the new Cabinet secretaries to establish relationships and coordinate on bilateral issues that range from counterterrorism, border security and trade amounting to $1.5 billion a day.
They also met with President Enrique Peña Nieto and Mexican military officials.
JUST WATCHED Kelly, Tillerson visit Mexico amid strained relations Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kelly, Tillerson visit Mexico amid strained relations 04:12
But the top US officials make their Mexican debut under a cloud, as Trump has introduced policies meant to back up campaign rhetoric that painted Mexico and Mexicans as a security threat and economic drain on the US.
On Tuesday, the Trump administration issued guidance that broadens the scope of deportations from a previous focus on criminals to apply to every undocumented immigrant in the US. It also enables state and local law enforcement to act as immigration officers.
Another change to asylum procedures would make it easier for immigration officers to send non-Mexican migrants to Mexico if they came through the country on their way to the US. The change could potentially send tens of thousands of Central Americans fleeing violence, gangs and drug cartels back into Mexico.
A Mexican official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive diplomatic matters ahead of Thursday's meeting, told CNN that Kelly and Tillerson would hear from Pena Nieto, Videgaray and other officials that Mexico would not take deportees who are not Mexican nationals. A second official pointed out that no bilateral agreement requires Mexico to take these immigrants and that Mexico isn't bound by any US presidential order. There is nothing the US can't do to force the matter, this official said.
And Mexico has some leverage, the second official said. The country has been stopping Central American migrants before they reach the US for more than two years, the official said, adding that if Trump doesn't stop his "orders," it will make it more difficult for Mexico to continue this cooperation.
Trump may be trying to figure out his own ways to apply pressure to get Mexico to pay. He has suggested putting a 20% tariff on Mexican goods entering the US and his campaign has floated the idea of seizing remittances from Mexicans in the US sending money home.
The President has also ordered Cabinet agencies to inform him of the total direct and indirect aid the US gives Mexico, a move that some see as an attempt to amass some leverage in the debate over the border wall that Trump insists will be built and that Mexico will pay for. Mexican officials have repeatedly said they will do no such thing.
Under the Merida Initiative, the State Dept has given Mexico $2.6 billion since 2008. That's to strengthen rule of law, counter narco-trafficking, support judicial reform and police professionalization. It doesn't include aid from other State Department programs. Mexico also gets funding from the departments of Defense, Energy, Labor, Health and Human Services, Interior, the Peace Corps, the US Agency for International Development and DHS.
Kelly distributed an implementation memo on February 21 asking his staff to calculate how much direct and indirect aid DHS gives Mexico. That process is still underway.
As of Feb. 27, encryption protected 77 percent of requests sent from computers around the world to Google's servers, up from 52 percent at the end of 2013, according to new figures.
Released Tuesday as part of Google's Transparency Report, the data covers most Google traffic, with the exception of YouTube. The Web giant said it's aiming to achieve 100 percent encryption across all its products and services.
Since March 2014, 100 percent of Gmail traffic has been protected with HTTPS, a mechanism that allows your browser or app to securely connect to a website. As Google explains in the report, HTTPS "relies on encryption—SSL or TLS—to secure the connection," and offers protection against "eavesdroppers, man-in-the-middle attacks, and hijackers who attempt to spoof a trusted website."
"We are working to implement HTTPS across all of our products," the company said. "We continue to work through the technical barriers that make it more difficult to support encryption on some of our products."
Breaking it down by product, 100 percent of Drive traffic and 83 percent of Maps traffic is currently encrypted with HTTPS, Google's graphs show. Encryption also varies by country, "due to a variety of factors, including the types of devices in use in that country, as well as the availability of software that can support modern TLS," Google said.
Mexico leads the pack, with encryption protecting 86 percent of its traffic to Google; followed by Brazil at 84 percent; and Japan, India, and the U.K. tying for third at 82 percent. The U.S. comes in ninth, with encryption protecting 72 percent of requests Google receives.
Google also notes that the "vast majority" of unencrypted end user traffic comes from mobile devices, largely because some older devices cannot support modern encryption, standards, or protocols. "Unfortunately, these devices may no longer be updated and may never support encryption," Google wrote in the report.
Several other "technical and political challenges" are standing in the way of Google's goal to attain full traffic encryption, including countries that "block or otherwise degrade HTTPS traffic," and a lack of technical resources within some organizations to implement it.
Catching up with C9 HyperX
I had the opportunity to speak with a few members of Cloud 9 HyperX and owner Jack Etienne about the recent changes and additions to the Cloud 9 HyperX family.
Hello Hai! So C9 HyperX has a lot of new faces. Would you mind telling me about them?
Hai: Yeah! So we got two new amateur teams, one in Europe and one in NA. They are called Tempest/Eclipse, and then we got a new smite team called Aurora. It's cool because our brand is growing and gaining more fans!
Has adopting the two new LoL teams affected how you practice? Did this have any factor in picking up new teams?
Hai: Not at all. We don't practice with the European team for obvious reasons, and for the challenger team we don't play too often as well. This didn't really have a factor in picking up the new teams.
Have you guys played against C9 HyperX Tempest or Eclipse yet? What are your initial thoughts on them?
Balls: We have played against C9 HyperX Tempest and the team seems fine mechanically, but just needs more experiences together.
You also acquired a new analyst. What kind of changes has Charlie brought to strategizing and scrimming? How much does Charlie being the analyst for all C9 teams affect your play style?
LemonNation: Charlie first had worked with C9 HyperX Eclipse and they recommended him heavily. Charlie basically watches all of our scrims and does a really good job making sure everyone is doing the correct thing at all times. He watches what we build, when we build it, and gives suggestions. He watches how everyone wards, and so on. He watches all of the little things and makes sure we are not overlooking anything. Charlie also has a lot of intelligent input on what champions we should be picking up and playing in important games.
We're almost into week 4 of the LCS, how does the NA scene look so far?
Balls: The NA scene in my opinion, looks really close. Any team can pull out a win from each other if they play well on that day and it really just comes down to whoever prepared more for the other. Regarding XDG's role swap, they just needs more time for their jungler and ADC to get used to their respective roles. I think they still have problems regardless of the role swap with communication and not having a real shot caller. CLG looks like they need dexter with them right now because they need people to actually play their role and people are taking advantage of that.
How do you think the Challenger Series will affect Challenger teams? Do you think they'll be more prepared for the LCS?
LemonNation: Having a Challenger Series is extremely important and a huge move in the right direction to ensure that Challenger teams get visibility and weekly games. The money it provides could incentivise more talented players/teams to dedicate enough time to become LCS level. Hopefully the viewership it pulls in will be enough for the teams to draw in sponsors and become sustainable.
How has Dan Dinh helped improve Cloud 9 outside of playing the game? How much has this helped with you [Jack Etienne] not living near the C9 house?
Jack: Dan has done a fantastic job for C9, without him our move to LA would not be possible. For starters, Dan was able to find our place and negotiate the agreement. This is not as easy a task as you might think… just try convincing a property owner that 5 men aged 18-25 living in a 2-bedroom condo with a loft is a good idea and see how that goes. 99% of the property owners out there will slam the door in your face.
After getting us a place, Dan rented a truck in San Jose and we all packed it up and drove straight to LA. The team hopped on a flight to LA, met Dan at the house and unpacked it. So within 24 hours he had the team up and running in a new house with very little downtime. Dan has essentially made the transition with the team down to LA stress free because he can take care of the stuff I'd usually do myself when the team was closer to me.
What factors played into the selection of the new NA and EU LoL challenger teams?
Jack: Both C9 Eclipse & C9 Tempest are stood out teams in their region that we've been honored to support.
Regarding C9 HyperX Eclipse, I first talked with the manager of C9 Eclipse, Robin “Jed” Jedhammar, when they were climbing the ranked 5s ladder to qualify for the EU Challenger Series. After a few conversations with the team, it was clear that they had built something special and that I wanted to do whatever I could to support them. When I presented this opportunity to our sponsors, they were 100% on board for adding and supporting additional teams. So I'd like to thank Logitech, Alienware and our title sponsor HyperX for making this happen.
As for C9 HyperX Tempest, I met the manager of C9 Tempest, Danan “Kaniggit” Flander, at the Battle of the Atlantic tournament. I'd already heard good things about Danan as a manager. Something that not many people might know is that Danan was the former manager of Sneaky's team prior to C9. Part of the reason Sneaky is with C9 is that after their team disbanded, Danan reached out to Hai and introduced him to Sneaky. Danan convinced Hai to try Sneaky out for the open ADC position and the rest is history. With that bit of history in my mind and several productive conversations with Danan and the rest of the team including their team analyst, AGenT, I knew I wanted to support this team as well. Again, our sponsors supported the idea of continuing to expand C9 and with the help of Logitech, Alienware and our title sponsor HyperX we were able to make C9 HyperX Tempest a reality.”
Do you think other organizations may start picking up challenger teams to complement their main team?
Jack: I do think other organizations will start to pick up challengers teams. Not only is it a great way to keep an eye out for upcoming talent but also the viewership for the North American and European Challenger series has been staggering. It's great to get involved with these young teams to give them some stability and support while they strive to be the future of the LCS.
Thanks for taking the time to answer a couple questions! Any last minute remarks or shoutouts you'd like to make?
Thanks to all the fans who have supported us and aZooRe for doing the interview! Also thanks to our sponsors, Logitech, Alienware, Crunchyroll, HomeJoy, LoLClass, and our title sponsor, HyperX!
Be sure to follow Hai, Lemon, Balls, Jack and the rest of Cloud 9 at:
Hai Twitter
Balls Twitter
LemonNation Twitter
Jack Twitter
Cloud 9 Twitter
We look forward to all the continued support!
Alex Salmond lanched the White Paper on independence at a glitzy press event in Glasgow this morning, beginning a canny air war that has already enraged the unionists. But while political junkies are glued to the live coverage, forces on the ground that could ultimately determine the referendum are mobilising.
Crucial to this ground war is the Radical Independence Campaign (RIC). They are a motley army of socialists, anarchists, greens, trade unionists and radicals of all stripes. On Saturday, I joined them as over a thousand rallied in Glasgow's Marriott Hotel to share ideas and flesh out their strategy to "take Scotland back for the people".
The pro-Union campaign Better Together has described RIC as "the true face of independence." Far from a compliment, this is meant to tarnish the SNP, painting them as secret radicals. In the eyes of the unionists, RIC are nothing more than a bunch of lefty loonies determined to ditch the Queen, the pound and Nato membership in favour of building a socialist republic. In fact, they exist outside of the party and the official Yes campaign. Which is why it is astounding that in the space of a year they have built up such a strong following. Run on a shoestring by a small group of young activists, they have also managed to open local branches across Scotland, from the Highlands to the borders.
On Saturday, the campaign launched a rousing declaration of intent. It ends with the call for "a Scotland of the Common Weal, of shared wealth and shared wellbeing. Our Scotland. All of us first." The all-day conference was crammed with debate on how to build a new green economy, claim the oil wealth for the public and bolster the welfare state. The Common Weal initiative, referred to in the declaration, gives substance to their vision of a fairer, more equal Scotland with policy proposals for a high-wage, high-tax economy.
The Radical Independence Campaign is easily dismissed as utopian. But this misses the point. While they will not achieve their objectives, RIC may play a pivotal role in convincing voters that the independence movement is on the side of the common people. On Saturday, Robin McAlpine of the Jimmy Reid Foundation called the referendum "a class conflict". He said "the rich are voting No", while those suffering under austerity are more likely to place their hopes in an alternative future.
The hope versus fear argument is also designed to reach out to the young. It's no surprise that the SNP made giving 16 and 17-year-olds the vote a priority. For many young people in Scotland, growing up within the Union looks like a bleak prospect. Next year they will choose between strengthening the powers of a nation that offers them free education and a London government set to strip benefits from under-25s. They look to those implementing the cuts and see a Tory government for whom the Scottish never voted.
Take the story of Liam McLaughlin, a campaign activist. Liam is 17 years old and grew up in Easterhouse, one of the most deprived areas in Scotland. For him, the referendum boils down to an essential question: "is this the best that we can do?" On Saturday, he spoke about how the campaign can "plant the seed" in the minds of young people. He is helping to set up a Scotland-wide school students network to persuade first-time voters that an independent Scotland can do better. According to RIC, door-to-door campaigning in Easterhouse this month found not one resident in favour of staying in the UK.
The problem is getting these people to vote. Will the independence movement reach the "missing million", those habitual non-voters that are so often the elusive pot of gold for political parties? Patrick Harvie, co-leader of the Scottish Greens, believes so. "The UK's political culture is dead on its feet" he argued, while in contrast "this is the most inspiring and creative period," he said he could remember in Scottish politics. It is this civil awakening, outside of the SNP party structures, that has a chance at convincing those disaffected with politics. The Radical Independence Campaign's strident message of "Scotland for the people" is more persuasive than debate on the ins and outs of corporation tax levels. The National Collective, who organised the after party on Saturday, will also prove important in getting the word out. As a loose network of artists and musicians for independence, they are spreading the message to Scots who may not trust campaigners or politicians.
When the SNP won the Scottish parliament back in 2011, it came as a shock to the political and media elite. The system was supposed to be geared to stop that majority from happening. I would not be surprised if another shock is around the corner. At least, for those who weren't at Saturday's conference. It ended with Cat Boyd, one of the most committed organisers, quoting the trade union activist Jimmy Reid: "The untapped potential of our north sea oil is nothing compared to the untapped potential of our people." Every one of the thousand participants on Saturday was urged to put boots on the ground, go door to door and reach the "missing million" of Scotland in the coming year. The Better Together campaign can only dream of bringing that number of activists together, let alone with that level of commitment and energy.
Outside the conference hall in Glasgow, Scotland's largest city, 30 per cent of homes is jobless. These people have little faith in the political system to change their lot. But this is no ordinary vote. If apathetic and disillusioned citizens can be persuaded that an independent Scotland will bring real change to their lives, it isn't even a question. Scotland will vote yes, with a mandate from the missing million.
Niki Seth-Smith is a freelance journalist and front page editor at openDemocracy
Nokia 's Symbian smartphone sales share fell from 12.4 per cent a year ago to just 2.4 per cent. Apple 's iPhone now accounts for 28.7 per cent of all smartphones in use in the UK, compared to 22.7 per cent a year ago.
The Symbian operating system is being phased out in the developed world after Nokia Chief Executive Stephen Elop described it as a 'burning platform' prior to announcing the company's shift to Microsoft 's Windows Phone.
The company is however still making money from the OS in the developing world, and at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona it announced the PureView 808 phone , featuring a 41 megapixel camera and running Symbian.
Google's Android operating system also rose and is now 48.5 per cent of all smartphones phones, up from 37.8 per cent a year ago. Proportionally, however, Windows Phone was the largest riser, up from 0.5 per cent to 2.5 per cent. It outsold Symbian's 2.4 per cent share for the first time, according to data from Kantar Worldpanel ComTech.
Nokia's Lumia 800 handset was however the most popular Windows Phone device, accounting for 87 per cent of sales for the entire operating system. The 900 and the 710 models have, however, respectively been announced and launched only recently.
Dominic Sunnebo, of Kanatr Worldpanel, said “There are strong signs that WP7 Nokia handsets are starting to make an impact on the European smartphone market though US sales, where the Nokia brand is weaker, remain underwhelming. The fact that WP7 sales have overtaken Symbian based on one handset is encouraging; however, Nokia will need to expand the range quickly in order to keep up with the slew of next generation competitor products being launched in quarter two.”
Consumers with smartphones also said they were happier with their devices than people with older devices. Apple customers scored their satisfaction at 8.8 out of 10, compared to Samsung's 8 and an average of 7.9. UK non-smartphone customers averaged 6.9. Smartphones accounted for three quarters of all phones sold, meaning 51.3 per cent of the UK population now owns a smartphone.
Nearly half of all smartphone users said that had used GPS in the last week, and four in ten had watched videos. These were up from a third and one in ten respectively.
Garfield may hate Mondays, but Bill Murray loathes Garfield.
The “Caddyshack” star, who voiced the finicky feline in 2004's “Garfield: The Movie,” revealed he took the part because he mistakenly thought it was penned by famed film scribe Joel Coen — and not Joel Cohen, a relative unknown.
Murray told fans Friday in a Reddit chat that he didn't bother to read the hit comedy's full script because he thought it was written by Coen of “Fargo” and “The Big Lebowski” fame, not Cohen, whose credits include Howard Stern's failed TV talk show and the film “Cheaper by the Dozen.”
It was only during the recording of his dialogue that Murray watched — in horror — parts of the comedy that were already filmed.
“There was just this long, two-minute silence,” he recalled. “I probably cursed a little, and I said, ‘I can fix this, but I can't fix this today. Or this week. Who wrote this stuff?' ”
Murray, an Oscar nominee for “Lost in Translation,” went off on a 15-paragraph screed about the comic-strip-inspired film after a fan asked if there'd be a third installment.
“I don't think so,” he wrote.
“They sort of shot themselves in the foot, the kidneys, the liver and the pancreas on the second one,” he added, referring to 2006's “Garfield: A Tale of Two Kitties,” which went straight to DVD.
Bellevue Police have fired an officer who stopped a fellow cop for drunk driving, but let him go.
Officer Andrew A. Hanke was pulled over by Bellevue Police Officer Doug Brennan on November 20, 2013 along I-90 in Issaquah. According to a police report, Brennan was on his way home when he witnessed a Jeep driving at a high rate of speed and swerving.
Brennan later said he thought he recognized the vehicle and the driver turned out to be Hanke.
Brennan wrote in his report that he smelled the odor of alcohol inside the vehicle and that Hanke had a “glazed look on his face and his eyes were bloodshot, watery and droopy.”
Rather than making an arrest, Brennan called Hanke's wife to drive him home.
That was a mistake and a factor in the decision to fire Brennan, according to Bellevue Police Deputy Chief Jim Jolliffe. “But the laser focus for the termination was on the providing false information, violation.”
A police internal investigation concluded that Brennan told an Issaquah officer on the scene that night that Hanke was affected by medication, even though Brennan later admitted that he knew Hanke was drunk.
Jolliffe concedes that Brennan was torn about what to do that night.
“I have a little bit of empathy for that. He was put in a bad position. I think his decisions, based on what he was faced with, could have been better. It's a big nightmare for an officer to face,” said Jolliffe.
Hanke was immediately placed on administrative leave. He resigned from the department in January and pleaded not guilty to DUI.
Brennan was eventually placed on administrative leave in February. Bellevue Police Chief Linda Pillo, who was set to retire from the department on April 15, determined that Brennan violated their code of ethics and provided false information.
KIRO Radio's Tim Haeck and Brandi Kruse contributed to this report.
Researchers Analyze Economic Impact Of Climate Change In The U.S.
A team of scientists and economists claims they've come up with the most thorough analysis of the cost of climate change in the U.S. Most of the country will suffer economic loss in addition to higher mortality from heat waves and loss of agriculture productivity by 2100. But like all predictions far into the future, this one has a wide range of outcomes and could be overshadowed by new technology still to be invented.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Climate scientists agree that the 21st century will be warmer. That warming will likely bring economic pain to the U.S., though economists aren't sure how much. Now, a research team says they can at least tell which parts of the country are likely to suffer the most. NPR's Christopher Joyce reports on their new study.
CHRISTOPHER JOYCE, BYLINE: The team started with history. How have heat waves and drought affected the economy in the past? Then they applied that metric to various warming scenarios for the future, county by county. They found that if warming continues at recent rates it could shave several percentage points off the country's gross domestic product by century's end. But lead researcher Solomon Hsiang says that's not really the bottom line.
SOLOMON HSIANG: I think the takeaway message that is most striking is that the effects of climate change on the U.S. are not the same everywhere. Where you are in the country really matters.
JOYCE: Colder places like New England might see an economic upturn - lower heating bills, for example. But hot places like the South and Midwest could see huge damage to their local economies - enormous electric bills or dying crops. Maybe that's not so surprising. But Hsiang, an economist at the University of California, Berkeley, takes it a step further. Climate change will redistribute wealth away from hard-hit regions and mostly toward the North and West. Exactly how much is hard to predict. Hsiang acknowledges that his numbers are uncertain. But he says that's actually part of the message.
HSIANG: When you start changing the climate, it starts affecting all these aspects of the economy. And it makes the future world harder to predict.
JOYCE: Things like new technologies to help people adapt, for example. With so many uncertainties, why do this kind of exercise? Economist Billy Pizer at Duke University says research like this at least brings a distant threat into focus.
BILLY PIZER: It's important to figure out - are we talking about something the size of a bread box or the size of an elephant, you know, or the size of a mouse? And I think getting those sorts of magnitudes right is really important. And I think that that's what this paper does.
JOYCE: And it continues a 10-year effort to determine something called the social cost of carbon, carbon dioxide being the major greenhouse gas. What's a ton of carbon pollution going to do to the economy? And should polluters pay that cost now? The Trump administration says it's not interested in the cost of carbon or moving away from carbon-based fuels. Economist Chris Field at Stanford University says, yes, that would be expensive. But he compares it to the space program in the 1960s.
CHRIS FIELD: It cost a lot. But it also unleashed a huge amount of creativity and innovation and really launched the United States on the trajectory to being ready for the 21st century.
JOYCE: The research appears in the journal Science. Christopher Joyce, NPR News.
[POST-BROADCAST CORRECTION: In this report, Chris Field is referred to as an economist. He is a climate scientist]
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
We are back with our Europe's Coolest Offices series and today we bring you a very unique office from one of the world's most popular beverages, Red Bull. The energy drinks giant' UK HQ in Soho, London, is another master creation from Jump Studios.
Red Bull's UK HQ interior design was created with the Red Bull Spirit at its core – hyperactivity, and adrenaline-overload. Instead of stairs, there are slides, yes slides, to move from one floor to another and ping pong tables, so on the employees break they can go and have a game of ping pong and relax. They also have boardrooms upstairs modern enough to inspire future business. It must be one of the coolest offices in the world!
It has three specially designed meeting pods that are very modern and cool and were designed to be really productive because it's such a cool place, it also has different chill-out rooms for when their employees are tired or unproductive. They can go and have a sit down on the beanbags and watch some TV or just chill out and get de-stressed.
Benefits of having a cool office:
Morale boost for employee's
Employees will enjoy their work more
Less likely for employees to be sick/off work
PRODUCTIVITY!
Built in the top 3 stories of an existing 19th-century office, the place is decorated with bright colours and dynamic shapes in a layout to encourage cheerful interaction between employees without losing the brand's strong values. It is a very innovative building that hasn't followed the normal type of office building which is drab and dull and breaks through those boundaries and makes it a place where anyone would be proud to say they work there.
Visitors ascend from the street by elevator and enter via a rooftop reception lobby overlooking London's West End. Not a normal entrance. But then again, this isn't any company. This is Red Bull. This entrance separates them from the rest of the businesses on the block. The main reception has a bar and cafe on the same floor there are also formal and informal meeting rooms, and you can see the London Eye. It is a very modern looking building that looks good in the trendy area of Soho where Facebook and Badoo also have their London offices.
This is a truly unique office space that I bet any office cleaner in London would love to work there, cleaning the slides especially.
Grover Norquist speaks to CPAC
Prominent Republican lobbyist Grover Norquist accused Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) of causing the shuttering of government operations by selling his counterparts in the House a bill of goods he couldn't provide.
“He said if the House would simply pass the bill with defunding he would force the Senate to act,” Norquist told the Washington Post in an interview published on Wednesday. “He would lead this grass-roots movement that would get Democrats to change their mind. So the House passed it, it went to the Senate, and Ted Cruz said, oh, we don't have the votes over here. And I can't find the e-mails or ads targeting Democrats to support it. Cruz said he would deliver the votes and he didn't deliver any Democratic votes. He pushed House Republicans into traffic and wandered away.”
Norquist also criticized Cruz for making the entirety of a continuing resolution funding the government contingent upon opposition of the Affordable Care Act and turning on fellow Republicans who might not fall in line with his specific approach on the issue, regardless of the party as a whole opposing the new law.
“Ted Cruz, from left field, said we have to defund Obamacare permanently in this [resolution],” Norquist complained, adding that Cruz wouldn't accept other concessions.
“So that got locked in as a principle,” Norquist explained. “And people went out on talk radio and said if you're not for this you're a coward, you're a RINO.“
At the same time, Norquist argued, Democrats were endangered by their opposition to attempts to defund the law, not mentioning that more than 4 million people have already gone online to sign up for the healthcare exchanges that will be available under it. Democratic lawmakers, Norquist alleged, are now trying to prove they are not “clones” of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) or President Barack Obama.
“We have enough votes in the last few days showing these Democrats do what Harry Reid and Barack Obama want and not what North Carolina and Arkansas and Alaska want,” Reid told the Post.
One thing that probably goes without saying. Most pretenders don't believe they are pretenders. They are often completely sincere people who believe they have cracked the code, and thus they take exception to my characterization. The cellulosic guys , the algae guys , and even the hydrogen guys will insist that I have it all wrong. In fact, following the posting of this essay on my blog , I heard from all of them. I got numerous e-mails assuring me that they really had come up with the solution. What I have discovered in many of these cases is that people often believe this because they have no experience at scaling up technologies. They might have something that works in the lab, but this can instill a false sense of confidence in those who have never scaled a process up.
This essay initially started out as " Pretenders, Contenders, and Niches ." However, the section on pretenders grew to the point that I have decided to split that essay up. The first part, Renewable Fuel Pretenders , will cover some of the current media and political darlings. The second part, Renewable Fuel Contenders , will discuss some options that have received less attention, but in the long term are more likely to have staying power in my view. The final part on niches will discuss situations in which certain options might work in very specific situations.
Reality Begins to Sink In
There was an interesting article in the Wall Street Journal this past week:
U.S. Biofuel Boom Running on Empty
A few pertinent excerpts:
The biofuels revolution that promised to reduce America's dependence on foreign oil is fizzling out. Two-thirds of U.S. biodiesel production capacity now sits unused, reports the National Biodiesel Board. Producers of next-generation biofuels -- those using nonfood renewable materials such as grasses, cornstalks and sugarcane stalks -- are finding it tough to attract investment and ramp up production to an industrial scale.
This all boils down to something I have said on many occasions: You can't mandate technology. Just because you mandate that 36 billion gallons of biofuel are to be produced by 2022 doesn't mean that it has a remote chance of happening. This is not a hard concept to understand, but it seems to have eluded our government for many years. Politicians would probably understand that they couldn't create colonies on the moon in 10 years via mandate. They know they can't cure cancer via mandate. But in the area of biofuels, they seem to feel like they can just conjure up vast amounts of hydrogen, cellulosic ethanol, or algal biodiesel.
Domestically produced biofuels were supposed to be an answer to reducing America's reliance on foreign oil. In 2007, Congress set targets for the U.S. to blend 36 billion gallons of biofuels a year into the U.S. fuel supply in 2022, from 11.1 billion gallons in 2009. Cellulosic ethanol, derived from the inedible portions of plants, and other advanced fuels were expected to surpass corn ethanol to fill close to half of all biofuel mandates in that time. But the industry is already falling behind the targets. The mandate to blend next-generation fuels, which kicks in next year, is unlikely to be met because of a lack of enough viable production.
Most people don't realize that the Germans were the first to produce ethanol from cellulose. That happened in 1898. For our political leaders and many industry boosters, cellulosic ethanol is a recent discovery, and thus they expect big leaps in the technology in the next few years. These expectations completely ignore the fact that researchers have been hard at work on making cellulosic ethanol a reality for decades - with little success. The situation is like needing to make a journey of 100 miles, and companies send out press releases every time they move an inch. This gives the false impression that the technology (same story with algae) is expanding by leaps and bounds.
In President Bush's 2006 State of the Union address, he broadly expanded the mandate for ethanol. He voiced his strong support for cellulosic ethanol, and included billions of gallons in the Renewable Fuel Standard - as well as billions of dollars of financial support.
How quickly our politicians seem to have forgotten the 2003 State of the Union, in which Bush set forth his vision of the hydrogen economy:
"A simple chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen generates energy, which can be used to power a car producing only water, not exhaust fumes. With a new national commitment, our scientists and engineers will overcome obstacles to taking these cars from laboratory to showroom so that the first car driven by a child born today could be powered by hydrogen and pollution-free."
We spent some two billion dollars toward that goal. Once again, this ignored many technical and economic realities, and so in May 2009:
Hydrogen Car Goes Down Like the Hindenburg: DoE Kills the Program
The dream of hydrogen fuel cell cars has just been put back in the garage. U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu announced yesterday that his department is cutting all funding for hydrogen car research, saying that it won't be a feasible technology anytime soon. “We asked ourselves, ‘Is it likely in the next 10 or 15, 20 years that we will convert to a hydrogen car economy?' The answer, we felt, was ‘no,'” Chu said.
My prediction is that in the not too distant future we will start to see headlines like this for cellulosic ethanol. The troublesome barriers to commercialization are quite fundamental, and aren't likely to be resolved by government mandate. If enough money is thrown at it, cellulosic ethanol will certainly be produced. After all, the Germans could do it 110 years ago. But it can never be a scalable, economic reality.
Pretenders
Broadly speaking, in the world of next generation renewable fuels there are contenders, pretenders, and niches. Over the past decade, we have thrown an awful lot of money at pretenders and have little to show for it. There are many reasons for this, but fundamentally I believe it boils down to the fact that our political leaders can't sort the wheat from the chaff. If a proponent extols the benefits of hydrogen, cellulose, or algae - the politicians just don't know enough to ask the right critical questions. They listen - generally to the very people who will benefit from more funding - and then they allocate money. Billions of dollars and little progress later, they or their successors may begin to realize that they have been misled and they start to dial the funding back.
Here is how I define a next generation Biofuel Pretender: A company or group that makes grandiose promises about the ability of a technology to displace large amounts of fossil fuel, despite facing significant (and often unrecognized) barriers to commercialization.
Here are some examples:
Hydrogen
One of the original renewable energy pretenders. Proponents ignored practical realities in many different areas, including fuel cell vehicles that cost a million dollars, the fact that most hydrogen is produced from natural gas, the fact that the energy density of hydrogen is very low, and the fact that there are multiple issues with hydrogen storage and transport. Technical breakthroughs were being counted on to solve these challenges. After all, we put a man on the moon. Surely we could solve these challenges.
The real problem is that the potential for success falls rapidly as the number of needed breakthroughs pile up. Imagine for instance that each of the following - cost of vehicle production, cost effective storage, and cost effective transport of hydrogen - individually have a 25% chance of achieving commercial viability in the next 20 years. The total chance for success of all three in that case falls to 1.5%. Thus, most technologies that truly require multiple technical breakthroughs will fail to materialize commercially except perhaps over a much longer period of time.
Cellulosic Ethanol
As was the case with hydrogen, this one requires multiple technical breakthroughs before commercial (unsubsidized) viability can be achieved. I won't go through them all now, as I have covered them before. The fundamental reason that cellulosic ethanol won't scale up to displace large amounts of gasoline is that the energy efficiency of the process is so low. You have the sugars that make up cellulose locked up tightly in the biomass - which has a low energy density to start with. So you add energy to unlock the sugar and turn it into ethanol, and then you end up with ethanol in water. More energy inputs are required to get the ethanol out. Even if the energy can be supplied by the by-products of the process like lignin, the net BTUs of liquid fuel that you end up with are going to be low relative to what you started with.
For example, assume you start off with 10 BTUs of biomass. You expend energy to get it to the factory, to process it, and then to get the water out. You burn part of the biomass to fuel the process, and input some fossil fuel. You might net something like 3 BTUs of liquid fuel from the 10 BTUs of biomass you started with. Don't confuse this with fossil fuel energy balance, though. If the external energy inputs in this example only amounted to 1 BTU of fossil fuel, one could claim a fossil fuel energy balance of 3/1. But that doesn't change the fact the final liquid fuel input is a small fraction of the starting BTUs in the biomass.
This is analogous to the situation with oil shale, which is why I have compared the two. There may in fact be a trillion or more barrels of shale oil locked up in Colorado, Utah, and Wyoming. But if the extraction of those barrels requires a trillion barrels worth of energy inputs and lots of water - then that oil shale might as well be on the moon. So, a trillion barrels isn't really a trillion barrels in the case of oil shale, and a billion tons of biomass is much smaller than it seems when talking about cellulosic ethanol.
So despite the claims from the EPA that the Renewable Fuel Standard program will increase the volume of renewable fuel required to be blended into gasoline from 9 billion gallons in 2008 to 36 billion gallons by 2022 - that is not going to happen unless the government is willing to throw massive amounts of money at an inefficient process.
Algal Biofuel
Like many, I was initially enchanted by the possibility of weaning the world away from fossil fuels by using fuel made from algae. Proponents wrote articles suggesting that we could do just that, provided the necessary investments are made.
Sadly, the story is much more complex than that. The U.S. DOE funded a study for many years into the potential of algae to produce fuel. (For an overview of where things stand from John Benemann, one of the men who co-authored the close-out report of that study, see Algal Biodiesel: Fact or Fiction?) The problem is again one of needing to surmount multiple technical hurdles, and the close-out report discusses that reality. Again, I won't go into those details, as that has been covered before.
While it is a fact that you can produce fuel from algae, the challenges are such that John has written that you can't even buy algal biofuel for $100/gallon. He said that if you want to separate the reality from the hype, just try to secure a contract with someone to supply you with algal fuel.
Note: Following the initial publication of this essay, a person who has been active with algae research for many years wrote to me: "In spite of all the hype and non-stop press releases, no one to my knowledge is producing algae on a commercial basis for biofuel production." Again, if someone claims they are, ask where you can buy some of their fuel.
First Generation Biodiesel
This story is primarily about 2nd generation fuels, and as such I won't get into corn ethanol issues. But I will say a bit about biodiesel. As indicated in the Wall Street Journal story, conventional biodiesel producers are in trouble. Briefly, a conventional biodiesel producer is someone who takes vegetable oils or animal fats and generally uses methanol (almost all of which is fossil-fuel derived) and converts that into an oxygenated compound (called a mono-alkyl ester). This compound has been defined as 'biodiesel', and can be used - subject to certain limitations - in a diesel engine.
Again, the problems are fundamental. It takes a lot of effort (energy, cost) to produce most of the oils that are used as raw materials, and then you have to react with methanol - which usually contains a lot of embodied fossil fuel energy. Presently, the first generation biodiesel producers benefit from a high level of protectionism (to the extent of punishing the more efficient 2nd generation producers). But even with the protectionism and the subsidies, producers are still struggling to survive. What really killed them is that they were exporting a large amount of the biodiesel production to Europe. This enabled them to collect double subsidies - U.S. and European - but the Europeans recently put a stop to that, thus putting the industry in financial crisis.
Miscellaneous
There are a number of miscellaneous pretenders that we probably don't need to discuss in depth, such as various free energy schemes or water as a fuel. If you think you might be dealing with a pretender, one caution flag is when their promoters are from backgrounds that have nothing to do with energy. For instance, the person who founded the dot.com that ultimately morphs into an energy company is almost certainly a pretender chasing funds.
Summary
To summarize, the biofuel pretenders fall into several broad categories. The big ones are:
• Hydrogen
• Most would-be cellulosic ethanol producers
• Most would-be algal biofuel producers
• Most first generation biodiesel producers
This isn't to say that none of these will work in any circumstances. I will get into that when I talk about niches. But I will say that I am confident that none of these are scalable solutions to our fossil fuel dependence. Frankly, I wish the algae story was true. I love the idea of getting renewable fuel from brackish waterways. But I try not to let a hope get confused with what I believe is realistic.
The problem is that political leaders have been, or are still convinced that there is great potential for some of these and we waste billions of dollars chasing fantasies. This is a great distraction, causing a loss of precious time and public goodwill as taxpayer money is squandered chasing schemes that ultimately will not pan out.
In the next installment, I will talk about contenders - options that I think can compete with fossil fuels on a level playing field.
By Emma Young
In 1750, Benjamin Franklin wrote: “There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one's self.” Since then, plenty of research has proven him right: we're not much good at knowing ourselves and, sadly, we're especially bad when it comes to judging traits in ourselves that we care about the most. Now Stefan Leach and Mario Weick at the University of Kent, Canterbury, have added to this sorry picture of human delusion, reporting in Social Psychological and Personality Science that people who believe they're intuitive are no better than anyone else at tasks that require intuition.
Leach and Weick recruited 178 students who completed the Preference for Intuition Scale (which asks respondents to indicate how much they agree or disagree with statements like “With most decisions, it makes sense to completely rely on your feelings”). Some also completed the Faith in Intuition Scale (which includes statements such as “I believe in trusting my hunches”).
Then the participants completed a task that involved copying out several non-sensical strings of between two and four letters. Unbeknown to the participants, there were complex rules that determined the ordering of these letter strings. After this, they were told that the strings all adhered to hidden grammatical rules and their next challenge was to use their “gut feelings” to decide whether new strings of letters adhered to the rules or not (in these kinds of tasks, implicit learning is thought to manifest consciously as “vague feelings” – intuitions – about what's going on, though the individual can't express what their new knowledge actually is).
After making their judgments, the participants answered questions designed to probe their confidence in their intuitions, how well they thought they did on the task, how much effort they put in, and the extent to which they felt they relied on intuition to decide if a sequence of letters was “correct” or not.
Leach and Weick also ran another study, involving 222 people, which used rules governing the ordering of pictures of people rather than letters. These volunteers also completed a scale exploring their belief in the importance of intuition and their self-rated intuitive abilities before the task, and they answered post-test questions about how well they thought they'd done.
The analysis of all this new data, as well as some data collected previously, showed that whether a participant considered him or herself to be intuitive or not had any bearing on their performance at judging the letter strings, or their grasp of the rules. When the participants were asked specifically about how confident they were that their particular intuitions regarding this task were accurate, a positive relationship with performance did emerge – but it was very weak.
Earlier studies have found that people who consider themselves to be more intuitive also tend to believe that their intuitions lead to good results, and are useful. So these new findings are likely to come as bad news to them.
One caveat is that this research involved participants using their intuition to make judgments based on recently acquired knowledge. As the authors themselves stress, “the findings … should not be generalised to other facets of intuition, such as the intuitive decision-making of experts.” However, they added that, “it is interesting to note….that studies on expert intuitions often arrive at similar conclusions as the present research.”
—Can People Judge the Veracity of Their Intuitions?
Emma Young (@EmmaELYoung) is Staff Writer at BPS Research Digest
Michael Phillips spent 12 years in prison for a rape he did not commit. Friday, the Dallas County District Attorney's office will exonerate him. Phillips was arrested at 33. (Photo11: Dallas County District Attorney)
Michael Phillips had long ago given up trying to clear his name. At 57, he was a registered sex offender, living in a nursing home, wheelchair-bound from severe sickle cell anemia.
Then in May, two police officers delivered news that Phillips says only God could have ordained: Dallas County, Texas, prosecutors had proved through DNA testing that he had spent 12 years in prison for a rape he hadn't committed.
Hundreds of people have been exonerated through DNA testing. But on Friday, Phillips will become the first exonerated by DNA through systematic testing by a prosecutor's office even though he hadn't requested the testing, according to the National Registry of Exonerations, a project of the University of Michigan Law School and the Center on Wrongful Convictions at Northwestern University School of Law.
"I'm in awe," Phillips of Dallas told USA TODAY. "At first, I thought I was like, kind of in another time zone or a twilight zone."
As the news sank in, he says, the Holy Spirit confirmed to him that it was all part of his life's plan.
The exoneration comes thanks to the Dallas County District Attorney's Conviction Integrity Unit, which is testing DNA evidence on decades-old cases even when convicted defendants aren't proclaiming their innocence.
The project examines rape cases when sperm or seminal fluid was found and the DNA samples are from one assailant.
In 2007, Dallas County District Attorney Craig Watkins created the nation's first Conviction Integrity Unit, which investigates wrongful conviction claims. Friday, his office will exonerate Michael Phillips, the 34th wrongfully imprisoned person cleared by Watkins. (Photo11: Dallas County District Attorney)
In 2007, Dallas County District Attorney Craig Watkins created the nation's first conviction integrity unit, which investigates claims of wrongful conviction and has exonerated 33 people.
That caught the attention of Samuel Gross, editor of the National Registry of Exonerations. In 2007, he urged Watkins' office to look at rape cases, because the evidence usually includes DNA testing, even if the convict did not claim innocence. The office began that work in 2009.
The project has completed testing in seven cases from 1990, shortly before DNA testing became routine.
Only Phillips has been exonerated.
"This case means not just Dallas County but other DAs (need) to proactively look at issues that they may have in their files," Watkins says. "There may be an innocent person that is languishing in prison for something they didn't do. Don't wait for somebody to knock on your door to tell you ... 'I didn't do the crime.' "
Phillips' ordeal began in 1990, when a 16-year-old girl was raped at a motel where he worked and lived. The victim, who was white, says she was attacked in her room by a black man wearing a white ski mask. A police report says the woman pulled up her attacker's mask and "immediately recognized suspect Phillips as a man she had previously seen at the same location." The woman told officers she fought and bit her attacker.
Phillips says he was home sleeping when the crime happened.
Days later, he was awakened at 7 a.m. by eight police officers with guns drawn.
"I was sleeping, and they snatched me out of bed and told me I was being arrested for rape," he says. "I couldn't believe it was happening."
Phillips denied raping the woman, but she identified him in a photo lineup.
Semen from a 1990 rape of a 16-year-old woman matches the DNA of Lee Marvin Banks, according to the Dallas County District Attorney. Banks can no longer be prosecuted because the statute of limitations on the crime has run out. (Photo11: Dallas County District Attorney)
Once Watkins' office began its project, semen from the 1990 rape kit was put into the FBI's Combined DNA Index System and identified another man, Lee Marvin Banks, as a real rapist, Watkins said. Banks lived at the same motel where the rape took place but cannot be prosecuted because the statute of limitations has run out. His criminal record will note that he was a match in the rape, Watkins said.
Phillips feared a jury would take the word of a white woman over a black man. Gross says it's not unusual for a victim of one race to identify the wrong person if the perpetrator was another race.
Phillips says his public defender told him he could be sentenced to as much as 99 years in prison because he had already done time for aggravated burglary.
"In 1990, it felt like slavery was still going strong for me," he says. "The deck was stacked against me from Jump Street — like 100-to-1."
Watkins echoes Phillips. "The bigger picture is black men have been marginalized for years, and I'm tired of that. I take that very personal," he says. "We can offer things to the world, and yet we have people in power that want to keep us in positions that don't allow us to present those talents."
In a plea bargain, Phillips pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 12 years in prison. His lawyer said he'd be out in about four, but he was denied parole and served the full term.
Of the 1,404 U.S. exonerations since 1989, more than 10% involved people who pleaded guilty, according to the registry.
Phillips' father died while he was in prison. He went for one month confined to his cell 24 hours a day. He was hospitalized nine times because of sickle cell anemia.
Released in 2002, Phillips was quickly rearrested and did an extra six months in prison for failing to register as a sex offender.
Back then, he filed a court challenge to his conviction but it failed.
Michael Phillips spent 12 years in prison for a rape he did not commit. Friday, the Dallas County District Attorney's office will exonerate him. (Photo11: Dallas County District Attorney)
Eventually, he went to live with his brother and gave up claiming he was innocent.
"As far as my case was concerned, I just said it was over with," Phillips says. "All I had to do was finish my time and then go about my business."
It's very rare for someone to be exonerated without seeking it, Gross says.
"We should learn that there are people who have been convicted of serious crimes who are not actively seeking exoneration but who are innocent nonetheless," he says. "We don't know how many, but there may be many more than we suspect. And if we try, we can find some of them."
Under Texas law, Phillips will be compensated $80,000 for each of his 12 years in prison plus $80,000 a year for the rest of his life, Watkins' office says.
"It feels good now that I know that my father God was behind everything," Phillips says. "Everything he does puts me in awe. It just makes my faith stronger and stronger every day."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mJLuUW
The White House on Tuesday dismissed questions about why President Trump waited 18 days to fire national security adviser Michael Flynn after learning that Flynn had lied about contacts with the Russian ambassador, saying the person who delivered that message — then-Acting Attorney General Sally Q. Yates — was considered a “political opponent” of the president.
Yates, who was named by Trump to fill the attorney general job while the new administration awaited confirmation of Jeff Sessions, was “appointed by the Obama administration and . . . a strong supporter of [Hillary] Clinton,” Trump's opponent in the presidential election, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters.
Asked how he knew that, Spicer said “it was widely rumored” that Yates would “play a role in the Justice Department” if Clinton had won.
He said Trump “made, ultimately, the right decision” to fire Flynn in mid-February after a thorough review. The decision came three days after the information about Flynn's Russia contacts became public.
The Flynn case re-emerged to dog the administration on Monday, when Yates testified to Congress that she met with White House counsel Donald McGahn on Jan. 26 and told him that Flynn was compromised and open to possible Russian blackmail. The White House has said that McGahn immediately informed Trump. At McGahn's request, Yates returned on Jan. 27 for further discussion.
(Reuters)
But for the next 18 days, Flynn participated in highly classified meetings and activities in the White House, including Trump meetings and numerous telephone calls with foreign leaders, including a call with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin.
Spicer's description of the McGahn meetings, and explanation for the delay, diverged at several key points from that of Yates and other former senior Justice Department officials. While they agreed that McGahn, in his second meeting with Yates — on a Friday — requested transcripts and other evidence of Flynn's conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, Spicer said the information was not made available until a week later. Officials said McGahn viewed the material at the Justice Department.
In her testimony, Yates said that she had called McGahn the Monday after they met to tell him the material was ready to review. She said she did not know what happened after that, because Trump fired her that day, Jan. 30, after she said his executive order banning Muslim immigrants was unlawful and instructed Justice employees not to implement it.
Spicer suggested that that action proved that Yates was “not exactly someone that was excited about President Trump taking office or his agenda.”
Yates, whose Justice career spanned 27 years, had held leadership positions in Democratic and Republican administrations. She was first hired as an assistant U.S. attorney in Atlanta by a Republican, and her case as a public corruption prosecutor there was against a Democrat, Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell. Nominated as deputy attorney general in 2015, she was introduced at her confirmation hearing by Sen. Johnny Isakson, a conservative Georgia Republican, and was overwhelmingly confirmed in a bipartisan vote.
“The only reason she was acting attorney general was because Donald Trump” appointed her, said Matthew Axelrod, Yates's former principal deputy. “His transition team asked her to stay on.”
The Flynn-Kislyak conversations occurred during Trump's transition in late December, when the Obama administration announced sanctions and expulsions of Russian diplomats for Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 election. In a telephone conversation shortly before the announcement — monitored by U.S. intelligence as part of regular surveillance of Kislyak — Flynn discussed the measures and suggested the possibility of sanctions relief once Trump was president.
Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates testified to Congress Monday that she met with White House counsel Donald McGahn on Jan. 26 and told him that Michael Flynn was compromised and open to possible Russian blackmail. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
Putin, to the surprise of many, announced that Russia would not retaliate.
On Feb. 9, when The Washington Post reported that Flynn and Kislyak had spoken, Spicer denied that sanctions were discussed, saying the call had centered only on “logistics” of a future Putin-Trump call. When Vice President Pence asked Flynn for details, Flynn assured him there had been no sanctions conversation — an assurance that Pence repeated on national television.
It was that television appearance that led Yates to request an urgent meeting with McGahn, informing him that there were transcripts of the Flynn conversations. The Russians knew Flynn had lied to the Vice President, Yates said, leaving him in a compromised position.
On Feb. 13, The Post reported the Yates intervention with McGahn. Later that day, Trump fired Flynn.
Ellen Nakashima contributed to this report.
Venezuelan prosecutors present two captured men accused of “Bitcoin mining” legal fight begins
Venezuelan prosecutors present two captured men accused of “Bitcoin mining” legal fight begins
A few days ago, two Venezuelans were arrested in the city of Valencia for Bitcoin mining. Now, the Venezuelan prosecution has gone to the Seventh Court of Control.
***
According to what has been reported the last few days, a group of troops from the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (Sebin) stopped Augusto Padrón Celis (31) and Jose Eleazar Perales Gonzalez (46) in an industrial area of ​​Valencia, specifically in an establishment where they had a Bitcoin mining operation.
So far it has been observed that officials seized mining machines and four laptops. The two involved are still held at the headquarters of SEBIN, located in the municipality Naguanagua Carabobo State.
For now we are still waiting for more information. Meanwhile, in different groups on Facebook Bitcoin users in Venezuela say that mining is legal. Poststhat show that the use of this Bitcoin is not dangerous nor violates the countries laws.
One of 10 things Bitcoin could take 5% of.
Don't forget über, Airbnb,western union etc etc.
Bitcoin had just survived the most negative smear campaign we have seen so far. If it doesn't die it simply has to go much much higher than 2,000.
Laila Ali vs. Jacqui Frazier-Lyde Turning Stone Casino, Verona, New York, June 8 2001
fight report by Dee Williams
originally published on the Women's Boxing Page
Jacqui Frazier-Lyde WBAN profile To check out more fight reports, complete up-to-date boxing records, with huge digital photos you can go to the WBAN Records Member Site Page last updated: Wednesday, May 12, 2004
TORONTO — It was a well-attended funeral. The guests mostly wore white.
And if you didn't think too much about what comes next, it was fun. It was loud. It was a reminder of what things could be like.
They tried to focus on the good times, all the ‘We the North' chants that have rocked this house. There was even a heartfelt “Let's Go Raptors” that shook the rafters midway through the fourth quarter for the first time in the series. It was a powerful reminder of how a fan base helped make a team so often ignored into a darling, something cool.
But although they fought the good fight, the Toronto Raptors died tryin' Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre, sent to an uncertain off-season by LeBron James himself, the Eastern Conference's Grim Reaper, the one who alone decides which dreams live and which dreams die.
But this iteration of the Raptors has been on life support for a while now, the final blow likely coming when Kyle Lowry sprained an ankle in Game 2 and wasn't able to play in Toronto on the weekend. He was dressed in all black as he sat on the bench. Was the pending free agent mourning what could possibly be his final moments as a Raptor after the five best seasons of his career?
You couldn't help but wonder.
Every off-season has its questions but this one seems fundamental – almost existential – for the Raptors.
What do they really want to be, and how do they make it happen?
It's the curse of the very good in the NBA, a league that venerates only the very, very best. And that guy is named LeBron James and wears No. 23 for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
“If we had LeBron on our team, too, we woulda won,” said the Raptors DeMar DeRozan, who finished with 22 points and eight assists, not enough in other words. “We can say that all day, time, everything, we didn't. It happened. We got swept. It's gonna be one of them long summers for us.
Officially, the death blow in Cleveland's 109-102 win came with 2:43 left in the fourth quarter as – and this was fitting – James rocked and rolled with his dribble, putting P.J. Tucker on a string before pulling up for the long three that put Cleveland up 11, capping 14-4 run sparked by running mate Kyrie Irving after Serge Ibaka had put the Raptors up by 1 with 6:32 left on a three-point play.
Fitting because there was always the sense James was toying with the Raptors through the four games – pretending to sip beer, going through his free-throw routine before draining triples, offering to take Drake out for drinks over the weekend in Toronto – and because the few times the Raptors did challenge Cleveland they always had a turbo boost they could hit at will.
There was hope that the re-tooled Raptors could push the Cavaliers, who limped through the regular season finishing 12-15 after the all-star break, compared to the 18-7 mark the Raptors managed, most of it without an injured Lowry.
But James is now headed for his ninth Eastern Conference Finals in 14 years – “I'll take those numbers,” he says – so it's safe to say he understands what it takes to play deep into May and June. He finished with 35 points, nine rebounds and six assists and is on pace for the most statistically dominant playoff run ever seen in the NBA as he helped push Cleveland's playoff winning streak to 11, dating to the NBA Finals last year.
“Anytime you have No. 23 you can flip every switch you want to,” said Casey. “What did he play? 46 minutes? People complain about that. He is the difference. They did flip a switch. They are a totally different team defensively and offensively (since the end of the regular season). Anybody that thinks anything differently doesn't know anything about basketball.”
But the Raptors also proved vulnerable because as the Cavaliers kept lobbing one triple after another as the game continues its evolution from inside-out to outside-in, Toronto was unable to keep up and too often became too predictable in their approach as the loss dropped Toronto's post-season record in the Casey-Lowry-DeRozan era to 17-24.
The disparity of the two teams' ability to leverage the three has been a running theme in the series, underlined by the fact that the Raptors' most competitive outing came in the game they took and made the most threes (29 and 10, respectively).
The Raptors scored just 81 points from deep during the series while the Cavaliers counted 183. Cleveland was shooting 47 per cent from three, the Raptors just 28 per cent.
Can the Raptors, as populated, thrive in a league where the number of three-point attempts keep rising year-over-year. Can Casey challenge his stars to adapt to a ball-movement based approach that generates those open looks?
Image caption Martha's NeverSeconds blog attracted even more attention after she was banned from taking photographs of her school dinners
Argyll and Bute Council are in the news for falling foul of what's known as the Streisand Effect - the act of trying to suppress information but simply making it more widespread as a result.
Martha Payne, from Argyll, was writing about her school dinners on her NeverSeconds blog, taking pictures of them and offering ratings for their nutritional value.
But Argyll and Bute Council banned her from taking photos of her school's food, saying press coverage of the blog had led catering staff to fear for their jobs.
However, they reckoned without the Streisand Effect, which saw the photo ban make headline news in some of the nation's biggest media organisations and the story spiral into a much bigger one than it ever was before.
The furore forced the local authority to reverse the ban, with the leader issuing a statement to say there was "no place for censorship" on the council.
The story sums up the Streisand Effect, named after singer Barbra Streisand, which is an online phenomenon in which an attempt to hide or remove information - a photo, video, story etc - results in the greater spread of the information in question.
Paul Armstrong, head of social for Mindshare , a global media network, says the Streisand Effect is a reminder to brands and celebrities about the effect groups, and individuals, can have on the internet in a very short space of time.
"People have an innate inquisitiveness. When this is mixed with a fear of missing out, feeling something is being hidden from them or that someone is overacting to something, it can cause individuals to react in undesired or mischievous ways that others then support.
"Mix this combination with a natural dislike for censorship and brands or individuals can have a recipe for disaster on their hands."
Here are some examples of the Streisand effect:
Funny Girl Unamused
In 2003 Barbra Streisand attempted to suppress photographs taken of her house, and a meme was born.
Image caption Barbra Streisand was unhappy that a photograph of her Malibu home was put on the internet
She sued aerial photographer Kenneth Adelman for displaying a photograph of her home in Malibu, California, published as part of a series of photos of the California coastline that he was taking for a photographic project.
Her legal action was later dismissed under California law - but she was probably more upset by the 420,000 visits in a month to the site where her photo was published. Naturally, these all came after the news of her legal action made headlines around the world.
In fact, according to documents filed in a California court, her house's image had been downloaded only six times before Streisand's legal action - including twice by her own lawyers.
Mike Masnick of Techdirt coined the singer's attempt to suppress publication of the photograph as the "Streisand effect" in January 2005.
Pirates Ahoy
The High Court in the UK ordered five British ISPs to block access to The Pirate Bay in April this year, due to concerns over copyright infringement.
The subsequent media coverage led to The Pirate Bay, a file-sharing website based in Sweden, receiving a record amount of traffic. The number of unique visitors increased by up to 12 million during that period, according to the site's blog.
Paul Armstrong describes this as "a prime example of large entities misunderstanding the internet and publicity. Announcing the blocking only served to create desire to know more".
Winger Clipped
Ryan Giggs was already world famous as a footballer for Manchester United - and then he decided to take on Twitter.
He sued the site after a user revealed that he was the subject of an anonymous privacy injunction - commonly known as a super-injunction - preventing the publication of details regarding an alleged affair with model Imogen Thomas.
Image caption Ryan Giggs's attempts to hide his identity in the story of his alleged affair were scuppered by Twitter
However, this legal action greatly offended the "twitterati" or at least 75,000 of them, who subsequently retweeted - or republished - Giggs's name and affair claim around the site.
It posed a challenge to Giggs and to the law, to see if they were both willing to chase an ever-growing number of microbloggers for their publication of his name in this particular context.
Eventually Giggs consented to being named as the football player behind Imogen Thomas's injunction.
"A nation obsessed with the latest celebrity gossip, a dislike for censorship and innate human inquisitiveness made for an own goal here," says Mr Armstrong.
Bruised Cruise
In January 2008, the Church of Scientology tried unsuccessfully to get websites to delete a video of Tom Cruise speaking about Scientology, even filing a copyright claim in an effort to get the videos removed.
But not only did the footage get much more attention than before the church's legal efforts, it even resulted in the creation of Project Chanology - an anti-Scientology campaign.
Image caption A Tom Cruise video containing his views on Scientology attracted widespread ridicule
A Scientology spokeswoman said the full video could be seen in its churches, and that what appeared on the internet was a "pirated and edited" version of an acceptance speech Cruise had made in 2004 after receiving a "freedom medal" from the International Association of Scientologists, she said.
"The Church of Scientology would have been better with a less aggressive approach - in all likelihood this video, without the extra attention, would have petered out after the initial buzz subsided," says Mr Armstrong.
Cover Story
It all began when the Internet Watch Foundation, an online watchdog, warned internet providers that the picture on a Wikipedia page for the German heavy metal band Scorpions , may be illegal.
Their claims led to the band's Wikipedia page being blocked. The IWF's concerns surrounded an album cover of the band's album Virgin Killer, released in 1976, which features a photo of a young girl.
The IWF said the image could potentially contravene the Protection of Children Act 1978.
Image caption The Scorpions are a long-standing German rock band
It was noted at the time that the IWF had blocked Wikipedia but not Amazon, where the album could be seen and bought, apparently for "pragmatic" reasons. Critics said this was because Amazon had more money than Wikipedia and would have been better placed to fight the blockage.
Volunteers who run Wikipedia said it was not for the foundation to censor the site, also arguing that the image was available in a number of books and had never been ruled illegal.
Eventually the IWF backed down, saying that given the age and availability of the image, it was no longer on its list of proscribed sites.
"Sometimes it's best to pick your battles, or platform," says Mr Armstrong. "The exact opposite desired effect was observed when the IWF over-reacted to a Wikipedia article and in turn helped to spread the very image it regarded as indecent."
Copper sheathing is the practice of protecting the under-water hull of a ship or boat from the corrosive effects of salt water and biofouling through the use of copper plates affixed to the outside of the hull. It was pioneered and developed by the Royal Navy during the 18th century. In antiquity, ancient Greeks used lead plates to protect the under-water hull.
Development [ edit ]
Deterioration of the hull of a wooden ship was a significant problem during the Age of Sail. Ships' hulls were under continuous attack by shipworm, barnacles and various marine weeds, all of which had some adverse effect on the ship, be it structurally, in the case of the worm, or affecting speed and handling in the case of the weeds. The most common methods of dealing with these problems were through the use of wood, and sometimes lead, sheathing. Expendable wood sheathing effectively provided a non-structural skin to the hull for the worm to attack, and could be easily replaced in dry dock at regular intervals. Weed, however, grew rapidly and slowed ships. Lead sheathing, while more effective than wood in mitigating these problems, was too heavy and reacted badly with the iron bolts of the ships.[1]
Even older than the sheathing methods were the various graving and paying techniques. There were three main substances used: White stuff,[2] which was a mixture of whale oil, rosin and brimstone; Black stuff,[2] a mixture of tar and pitch; and Brown stuff,[2] which was simply brimstone added to Black stuff. It was common practice to coat the hull with the selected substance, then cover that with a thin outer layer of wooden planking.[3]
The use of copper sheathing was first suggested by Charles Perry in 1708, though it was rejected by the Navy Board on grounds of high cost and perceived maintenance difficulties. The first experiments with copper sheathing were made in the late 1750s: the bottoms and sides of several ships' keels and false keels were sheathed with copper plates.[citation needed]
In 1761, the experiment was expanded, and the 32-gun frigate HMS Alarm was ordered to have her entire bottom coppered, in response to the terrible condition in which she had returned from service in the West Indies. HMS Alarm was chosen because, in 1761, a letter had been sent regarding the ship's condition, saying that the worms from the waters had taken a significant toll on the ship's wooden hull.[4] Before the copper plates were applied, the hull was covered with Soft stuff, which was simply hair, yarn and brown paper. The copper performed very well, both in protecting the hull from worm invasion and in preventing weed growth for, when in contact with water, the copper produced a poisonous film, composed mainly of copper oxychloride, that deterred these marine organisms. Furthermore, as this film was slightly soluble, it gradually washed away, leaving no way in which marine life could attach itself to the ship. However, it was soon discovered by the Admiralty that the copper bolts used to hold the plates to the hull had reacted with the iron bolts used in the construction of the ship, rendering many bolts nearly useless. In 1766, because of the poor condition of the iron bolts, Alarm's copper was removed.[citation needed]
After this experiment, and deterred by the unanticipated and not understood electrolytic reaction between the copper and iron, lead sheathing was tried again, though it was found to be unsuitable to the task, as the plates tended to fall from the hull alarmingly quickly. By 1764, a second vessel, HMS Dolphin, had been sheathed in copper, specifically to prepare it for a voyage of discovery in tropical waters.[5] Dolphin's hull was inspected in 1768 after the ship had twice circumnavigated the world; there was significant corrosion of the hull's iron components, which had to be replaced.[4] In 1769 another attempt was made at coppering a ship's hull, this time on a new ship that had been constructed using bolts made from a copper alloy. The results were far more favourable this time, but still the problems with the bolting remained. The onset and intensification from 1773 of the war with America took the focus off the bolting issue necessary to allow a full-scale coppering programme.[citation needed]
By the 1780s the technology had spread to India. The ruler of Mysore, Tipu Sultan ordered that all his navy vessels have copper sheathing after observing the benefits in French and East India Company ships.[6]
Widespread implementation [ edit ]
With the American war in full swing, the Royal Navy set about coppering the bottoms of the entire fleet in 1778. This would not have happened but for war. This also came about because in 1778 a Mr. Fisher, a Liverpool shipbuilder (who did a brisk trade with West Africa) sent a letter to the Navy Board.[7] In if he recommended "copper sheathing" as a solution to the problems of ship worm in warm tropical waters, and the effect on speed of tendrils of seaweed latching onto hulls. The letter itself does not survive and is obliquely referred to in other official correspondence held by the National Maritime Museum; it may have contained or been coincidental with a critical new technical breakthrough of protecting the iron bolting by applying thick paper between the copper plates and the hull. This had recently been trialled successfully (probably) on HMS Jupiter. This breakthrough was to be what would win over the Admiralty.[8]
Fisher's letter was seen by the new Navy Board Controller Charles Middleton, who had the major problem at the time with supplying over 100 ships for the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783), which was compounded that same year (1778) by French opportunism in declaring war on Britain to support the American rebels. This effectively turned what was a local civil war into a global conflict. Spain followed in 1779 and the Netherlands in 1780, and so Britain had to face its three greatest rivals. Middleton took the view that the Britain was "outnumbered at every station", and the Navy was required to "extricate us from present danger". He understood that coppering allowed the navy to stay at sea for much longer without the need for cleaning and repairs to the underwater hull, making it a very attractive, if expensive, proposition. He had to expand the Navy but there was no time to add to the fleet, and limited resources available. It could take five years and 2000 trees to build a warship. However he could refurbish the existing fleet, he grasped Fisher's solution and on 21 January 1779 wrote to the Admiralty. He also petitioned King George III directly on this "matter of the gravest importance" for the necessary funding. He took with him a model of HMS Bellona showing a coppered bottom to illustrate the method. The King backed him for what was an expensive process for an untested technology.
Each ship on average required 15 tonnes of copper applied on average as 300 plates. All the copper was supplied by British mines (the only country in the world at that time that could do so), the largest mine being Parys Mountain in Anglesey, north Wales. The Parys mine had recently begun large-scale production and had glutted the British market with cheap copper; however, the 14 tons of metal required to copper a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line still cost £1500,[9] compared to £262 for wood. The benefits of increased speed and time at sea were deemed to justify the costs involved. Middleton in May 1779 placed orders at the Portsmouth Docks for coppering all ships up to and including 32 guns when next they entered dry dock. In July, this order was expanded to include ships of 44 guns and fewer, in total 51 ships within a year. It was then decided that the entire fleet should be coppered, due to the difficulties in maintaining a mixed fleet of coppered and non-coppered ships. By 1781, 82 ships of the line had been coppered, along with fourteen 50-gun ships, 115 frigates, and 182 unrated vessels.
All this was too late to avert the loss of the American colonies, however; meanwhile the French were threatening the lucrative sugar trade in the Caribbean, reckoned at the time as being of more importance to British interests than the 13 colonies. The sugar trade was paying for the costs of the American Revolutionary War and the Anglo-French War (1778–1783). The Royal Navy's newly coppered ships, as yet untested, were used successfully by Rodney in defeating the French at the Battle of the Saintes off Dominica in 1782.
By the time the war ended in 1783, problems with the hull bolting were once more becoming apparent.[citation needed] Finally, a suitable alloy for the hull bolts was found, that of copper and zinc. At great cost, the Admiralty decided in 1786 to go ahead with the re-bolting of every ship in the navy, thus finally eliminating the bolt corrosion problem. This process lasted several years, after which no significant changes to the coppering system were required and metal plating remained a standard method of protecting a ship's underwater hull until the advent of modern anti-fouling paint.[citation needed] In the 19th century, pure copper was partially superseded by Muntz metal, an alloy of 60% copper, 40% zinc and a trace of iron. Muntz metal had the advantage of being somewhat cheaper than copper.
Civilian use [ edit ]
With its widespread adoption by the Royal Navy, some shipping owners employed the method on their merchant vessels. A single coppered vessel was recorded on the register of Lloyd's of London in 1777, a slaver sloop Hawke, 140 tons.[10][11] This particular vessel impressed the Admiralty when it was inspected by Sandwich in 1775 at Sheerness after a 5-year voyage to India.[12] By 1786, 275 vessels (around 3% of the merchant fleet) were coppered. By 1816, this had risen to 18% of British merchant ships.[11] Copper sheets were exported to India for use on ships built there. In the late 18th and early 19th century, around 30% of Indian ships were coppered.[13]
Merchant shipowners were attracted by the savings made possible by copper sheathing, despite the initial outlay. As the coppering was expensive, only the better owners tended to invest in the method, and as a result the use of copper sheathing tended to indicate a well-found and maintained ship, which led to Lloyd's of London charging lower insurance premiums, as the vessels were better risks.[citation needed] From this stems the phrase "copper-bottomed" as an indication of quality,
Coppering was more commonly used on merchant ships sailing in warm waters. Ships sailing in colder, northern waters often continued to use replaceable, wooden sheathing planks. Wood-boring organisms were less of a problem for these vessels and they were often routinely careened – an operation that could cause considerable damage to expensive coppering.[11] Coppering was widely used on slave ships.[11] After the Abolition of the Slave Trade Act became British law in 1807, the slave trade became illegal so slavers valued fast ships that were more likely to evade patrolling Royal Navy vessels intent on capturing them.
Humphry Davy's experiments with copper sheathing [ edit ]
In the late 18th to early 19th century, Sir Humphry Davy performed many experiments to determine how to lessen the corrosion that the seawater caused on unprotected copper sheathing. To this end he had various thicknesses of copper submerged on the shore and then measured how much the seawater had degraded each one. Sheets of different metals remained in the seawater for four months and then were examined. Two harbour ships were also used in this test, one with an additional zinc band, the other with an iron one. Davy observed, that while the zinc and iron themselves became covered in carbonate that allowed weeds, plant life and insects to attach themselves to the metal, the copper sheets that were connected to cast iron or zinc parts were free of any attached life forms or discoloration. Unprotected copper would quickly go from a reddish color to a greenish color of corrosion.[14] When the other metals were mixed with copper in ratios from 1:40 to 1:150, there was no visible sign of corrosion and minimal weight loss.[14] When the ratio was changed to 1:200 and 1:400, there was significant corrosion and weight loss. Davy therefore advocated cast iron for protecting copper, since it was the cheapest to manufacture, and in his observations malleable iron and zinc seemed to wear down faster.
See also: cathodic protection
Other uses [ edit ]
The term copper-bottomed continues to be used to describe a venture, plan or investment that is safe and is certain to be successful.[15] The related copper-fastened (and verb form copperfasten) is used similarly, though with the nuance of "secured, unambiguous", rather than "trustworthy, reliable".[16]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations
Bibliography
SALT LAKE CITY — It's been six months since leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints asked members to aid refugees as some 60 million people from across the world sought asylum from conflict-riddled areas.
Since then, refugee aid organizations in Utah have experienced a dramatic influx of volunteers as LDS members have flocked to serve. Individuals and church groups have also taken it upon themselves to organize donation and relief efforts sending much-needed items across the world while also befriending refugees that settle in Utah.
In these last six months, the state of Utah has also witnessed several new changes designed to help refugees that have positively influenced the state and the rapidly-growing refugee population in and out of Utah. The following are six changes from the last six months:
University of Utah's new refugee research center
The University of Utah launched a refugee research center on Sept. 28 of this year that will focus on integrating refugees into local communities. The center will research the challenges that refugees face as they come to the US and how to best serve their needs.
A main concern for many refugee parents is keeping their children in school and away from drugs and alcohol, but many refugee parents do not have the knowledge of American culture, grasp of the language or time to help their children in the ways they would like said Caren Frost, director of the university's new Center for Research on Migration & Refugee Integration. The new center hopes to aid parents in this area, as well as others.
Utah Refugee Center's ‘Serve Refugees' app
Soon after the LDS Church urged members to aid refugees in April, the Utah Refugee Center launched a new smartphone app called “Serve Refugees” that enables users to learn more about refugees in their area and discover how they can help.
The app responded to the flood of hopeful volunteers that acted on church leaders' admonitions and gave them a direction to follow in their journey to serve refugees. The app lists refugee centers and resettlement agencies and gives users the opportunity to either “learn, serve or give.”
Lifting Hands International
Though Hayley Smith, founder of Lifting Hands International, began her nonprofit organization in January 2016 after returning home from working in refugees camps in Greece, she has seen it really take off since the LDS Church's women's conference in April. Lifting Hands International became a federally tax-exempt organization just days before the conference.
Smith had noticed while in Greece that, while the refugee camps were receiving a lot of donations, many people were sending the same items, not all of which could be used or were even needed. When she came home she began sending more organized packages of donations that she knew would be more useful.
Smith then created an Amazon wish list that allows people to purchase items that the camps need that are then shipped to the areas that need the items the most. Since the conference, the amount of donations Smith receives has increased astronomically.
Run4Refuge
After returning home from a study abroad in Jordan this year, a group of Brigham Young University students organized the first Run4Refuge 5K and 10K races, located in Provo. The Run4Refuge races will take place on Oct. 8 with all proceeds going towards the Doctors Without Borders Syrian Response Team.
The event will also include a cultural fair that focuses on the “art, music and food of different refugee cultures in Utah,” according to the group's website. The event hopes to raise money and awareness for local and foreign refugees.
Refugee Support
Refugee Support is a Facebook page, created by Jessica Olson and her family, that seeks to simplify the process to aid refugees in Utah County and all over the state.
“We have spent countless hours researching sites, asking friends and family if they know of refugees, and looking for community groups… (and) have decided to share the opportunities that we have found to give support to families, in hopes that we will all be able to help more people together,” the Refugee Support Facebook page reads.
Olson has since received many donations from around the community and has invited people to deliver the donations to refugees in an apartment complex in Salt Lake City that houses over 200 refugee families.
LDS Church donations
Since the push to aid refugees in April, the LDS Church has donated millions of dollars to various organizations for just such a purpose.
In July, the Church donated $3 million to the United Nations' World Food Programme and donated $2 million to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) and International Rescue Committee (IRC) in August after having previously committed $6 million to refugee relief efforts in the US.
As refugees enter Utah over the next six months that follow, Utah can hope to continue extending a helping and welcoming hand to all those searching for a home.
×
Related Stories
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Lobby groups spent more than $3.2 billion trying to sway federal lawmakers and officials last year. Yet like Washington's solitary UFO lobbyist and fake-meat lobbyist, some would-be influencers are pushing some pretty specific, even obscure, agendas. Here are six of America's most specialized influence groups:
The Balloon Council: “To educate consumers and regulators about the wonders of foil and latex balloons,” it spent $80,000 on lobbying in 2014—not adjusted for inflation, of course.
Families Conserving Antiques: Three families who own collections of elephant ivory formed this organization in 2014 to lobby against federal bans on the tusk trade.
US Association of Reptile Keepers: This group of “herp” lovers fighting prohibitions on certain types of pythons has been lying quietly lately—like a snake waiting to strike.
Dollar Coin Alliance: Switching from greenbacks to coins will save America billions of bucks, according to this group backed by vending-machine and copper-mining companies.
Victoria McCullough: This oil heiress and equine philanthropist has spent $135,000 spurring lawmakers to keep American horses off foreign dinner plates.
California Dried Plum Board: Don't you mean “prune”? Yes—but in 2000, the then-California Prune Board successfully lobbied the Food and Drug Administration to let it use the more female-friendly (really, that's what it said) “dried plum.”
ANAHEIM – Nick Ritchie got the early promotion while Shea Theodore turned heads when he got his call-up to the Ducks last season. Lurking behind those two top prospects was the one who quietly made the greatest surge of any hopeful.
Little fanfare came Brandon Montour's way but that didn't stop the word from getting out about his continued rapid rise in the organization. All Montour, 22, did in his first full pro season was rank second among American Hockey League defensemen in scoring.
His 57 points also tied for the lead on the San Diego Gulls. Montour made the AHL all-star first team, becoming the first league rookie to do so since Justin Schultz and Sami Vatanen in 2013. Schultz and Vatanen both were also Ducks draft picks.
And with all that, Gulls coach Dallas Eakins felt Montour, a second-round selection in 2014, was deserving of greater recognition.
“The biggest thing with Brandon is I was surprised at his output points-wise,” Eakins said. “These young defenseman that come into the league — the American Hockey League, it's a tough league. It's an extremely hard league. And the overall season that he had was highly impressive and obviously caught the ice of people everywhere.
“I've got a history coming out of Toronto and I had reporters media calling me about him from there. So he's a guy that became very high profile very quickly.”
Vatanen was in the NHL for good in 2013-14 and became a big-minute fixture the following season. Montour could be on the same trajectory and join the Finn sooner than later.
Similarities are plentiful with their games. Like Vatanen, Montour is a right-handed shot that plays bigger than his smallish frame. There is a creative element that makes him highly effective in the attacking zone, especially when he's operating on the power play.
And like Vatanen had to do as he developed into an everyday NHL player, Montour has had to tame down his risk taking on the ice and become more responsible about defending without losing that offensive creativity.
“I like to join the rush and kind of create offense,” said Montour, who added five assists in nine Calder Cup playoff games. “But I think in this past year, I really focused on my defensive aspect. My defense has come a long way and I take a lot of pride in that.
“I feel like I've become more of a two-way guy and I'm just playing [better] in my own end. This past year has really helped me a lot and it's really exciting. I'm just ready for the next step.”
As training camp opens Friday, Eakins is hoping that Montour makes its difficult for the Ducks' brass to leave him off their opening night roster. Eakins said the defenseman really began to grow when he became more calculated in his risk-taking and formed a strong relationship with Gulls assistant Marty Wilford.
“The biggest thing is Brandon decided to accept the coaching,” Eakins said. “At that level, as soon as you get to that, you release yourself and you accept it. And if you want it, good things will happen for you. I think that was the biggest thing.
“Marty's direction, Brandon's willingness to listen and Brandon's passion for the game have all stacked up to him having an incredible season. And now it'll be interesting to see where he is at this year. Whether he can do the same or improve.”
Within two years, Montour has gone from the junior-level United States Hockey League to the NCAA level with Massachusetts-Amherst to the AHL. There is one problem with his swift ascension. Many are now blocking his way.
The Ducks have one of the deepest defense corps in the NHL. Theodore, 21, impressed the brass enough in his 19 games last season that he was called upon in their playoff series against Nashville when Josh Manson was sidelined.
Even with that showing, Theodore is far from fixture status. General Manager Bob Murray didn't make any changes on the blue line. Vatanen, Cam Fowler and Hampus Lindholm are set as their top three, while Manson, Kevin Bieksa, Simon Despres and Clayton Stoner fill out the remaining four spots.
Despres and Manson, who battled injuries throughout last season, should be fully recovered. The Ducks also re-signed Korbinian Holzer so Theodore would have to force his way onto the blue line. It means that Montour likely will have to wait his turn.
“They know what they're doing up there,” Montour said. “They have a plan for me. I had a good year last year and I was happy with the results. I improved in all aspects and I got stronger.
“I was happy with the summer. Just going to come in here and work my legs off. Hopefully there's a spot for me.”
The public will soon get its first chance to drive the new section of U.S. 31 between South Bend and Plymouth.
The 20 mile limited access highway will open to traffic this Thursday morning, August 21st.
“Don't expect this to be ready for the public at 6:00 a.m. on Thursday,” said INDOT spokesman Matt Deitchley. “We usually wait until after the morning rush to probably sometime after 9:00, 10:00 in the morning.”
Work on the project began in September of 2008 as then Governor Mitch Daniels presided over groundbreaking ceremonies. Daniels has since gone on to become the president of Purdue University and only now is the new 31 ready to make its debut.
“Again, really want to stress to folks though this road is not done, there's plenty more work to be done. The last interchange, the 7th Road interchange near Plymouth is not even open to the public yet,” said Deitchley.
But after six years and $221 million dollars most of the road is finished.
It's a 20 mile stretch of limited access highway that stretches from the U.S. 20 Bypass on South Bend's south side to U.S. 30 near Plymouth.
Starting about a half mile south of the Kern Road interchange, the speed limit is set at 65.
“I'm looking forward to that,” said Abe Ropp of South Bend. Perhaps no ordinary citizen has watched the construction more closely than Ropp, who admits to bringing his own lawn chair to take in the building of the bridge deck over Kern Road.
When Ropp says he can't wait to drive the new highway—he really, really means it. “I was, last fall, I was on it clear down to Pierce Road and come back and I didn't get caught so I crossed by fingers.”
While the new road will keep the U.S. 31 name, the similarities with the old version end there.
For instance, 480 driveways emptied out onto the old U.S. 31, while the new road has just four interchanges.
“They key reason why we're doing this, a lot of people think it's simply a faster trip to Indy, and while we're obviously not upset about that the best thing about it is it's a safer road,” said Matt Deitchley.
To investigate the possible interactions between kavalactone-based molecules and proteins of the endocannabinoid system and provide novel and synthetically accessible structural scaffolds for the design of cannabinoid receptor ligands sharing pharmacological properties with kavapyrones, a preliminary SAR analysis was performed on five commercially available natural kavalactones and nine kavalactone-analogues properly synthesized. These compounds were investigated for assessing their cannabinoid receptor binding affinity and capability of inhibiting the activity of the two major metabolic enzymes of the endocannabinoid system, fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL). Among the molecules tested, only yangonin exhibited affinity for the human recombinant CB₁ receptor with a K(i)=0.72 μM and selectivity vs. the CB₂ receptor (K(i)>10 μM). None of the compounds exhibited strong inhibitory effects on the two enzymes analyzed. The CB₁ receptor affinity of yangonin suggests that the endocannabinoid system might contribute to the complex human psychopharmacology of the traditional kava drink and the anxiolytic preparations obtained from the kava plant.
Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
THIS should have been a walk in the park for Mitt Romney.
Barack Obama's approval rating was below 50 per cent, more and more Americans believed he was pushing the country down the wrong path and - crucially - the unemployment rate was a frightening 8 per cent throughout most of his presidency.
The last president to get re-elected on worse job figures was Franklin Roosevelt; history and the economy were against Obama.
Yet, Romney never managed to deliver the killer blow. Obama was still in the game throughout the entire campaign, and despite hysterical Republican calls to the contrary, the momentum was with him, not Romney.
Here's how Romney blew it:
1. Say anything
Romney looks like a movie president: chiselled good looks, dazzling white teeth and perfectly coiffed hair. He's just the sort of candidate you'd expect on the Republican ticket but the GOP hummed and hawed about Romney throughout the primaries. Party members flirted with a pretty strange and unelectable bunch - Michele Bachmann, Rick Perry, Rick Santorum and Herman Cain - before settling on Romney. But to get the party's seal of approval, Romney, who had been a moderate while governor of Massachusetts, had to shift ever more to the right and ditch everything that would make him appealing to independent voters. He suddenly became the Etch-a-Sketch candidate who would do or say anything to get elected.
2. $10,000 bet
Romney is rich, richer than a lot of rich Americans, so even before the White House race started, he should have known his wealth was going to be a problem. Obama's strategy was to show Romney to be an out-of-touch plutocrat, a predatory capitalist who didn't care about the struggles of ordinary Americans. Romney should have worked hard to avoid this but he let it become an issue when he bet rival Republican candidate Rick Perry $10,000 over a disagreement over healthcare. Romney's team insisted the bet was a joke but it seemed the kind of flippant remark that spoke heaps about Romney's attitude to money. In the same category was comment that he liked firing people.
3. Taxing issue
Throughout the campaign Democrats called into question Romney's tax affairs, with some claiming that the multi-millionaire had avoided paying the correct amount. Romney repeatedly refused demands to publish his tax returns and the issue dragged on and on, making it look like he had something to hide. He didn't acquiesce until quite late in the day, and although the returns showed he paid no less than he was required, they did remind voters of the huge amounts he had in his bank accounts.
4. Golden gaffe
When you manage to upset America's closest ally, you know you have a gaffe problem. Romney questioned London's ability to host the Games while on a trip to the UK, telling NBC that issues surrounding Olympic security were "disconcerting". Britain's tabloids dubbed Romney "Mitt the Twit" and Prime Minister David Cameron noted that it was more difficult to organise Olympic Games in one of the busiest capital cities in the world than in the "middle of nowhere", a reference to the Salt Lake City Games Romney organised.
5. Clint Eastwood v empty chair
Getting Dirty Harry to endorse him at the Republican National Convention should have been Romney's chance to stick it to left-leaning Hollywood and show America he had a legend on his side. But Eastwood's address made the headlines for all the wrong reasons and gave stand-ups the kind of material they dream of.
6. 47 per cent
This was the defining moment of the campaign: Romney managing to dismiss half of American voters as worthless scroungers. A secret recording of a Republican fundraiser leaked to the media in September has Romney describing non-taxpaying dependents as people who would never vote Republican because they would not "take responsibility for their own lives". "Forty seven per cent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what." He also managed to offend Palestinians and Latinos in the same speech and it shows just how dissatisfied voters were with Obama that Romney managed to claw back in the polls.
7. Benghazi
The attack on the US embassy in Benghazi on September 11 and the deaths of the US Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three others should have given Romney the chance to skewer Obama on security. Romney criticised the White House for not properly recognising the threat in the region but his attack, just hours after the deaths, seemed opportunistic and un-presidential. Although he was right to highlight the failure of the Obama administration to be straight on the issue, Democrats were able to paint him as a candidate who was "working hard to exploit" American deaths.
8. Binders full of women
Romney was ahead. Obama had stuffed up the first debate and for the first time Romney didn't look like a crazy guy who would take America over the edge. He seemed like a moderate Republican, the sort of politician he had been when he was in office. Obama was a disaster and had looked half asleep. All Romney had to do was avoid saying anything controversial and he would be home free. But then he went and coined one of the best phrases of the campaign: "Binders full of women." The comment, made while Romney was trying to show he furthered women's careers while he was governor, made him look like a reactionary Republican who lived in the 1950s.
9. Sandy, Mike and Chris
All campaigns are hostage to freak events and Sandy was the biggest freak event of them all, ripping the eastern seaboard to shreds, killing 110 people and leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power or clean water. It stopped any momentum Romney had been building and showed Obama at his best - as a president who could quietly get things done and hold the nation together. But superstorm Sandy battered Romney in other ways. It brought the little-discussed issue of climate change to the fore and Romney's current position did him no favours. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a former Republican, endorsed Obama because Romney had flip-flopped on the environment:
"Mitt Romney has reversed course, abandoning the very cap-and-trade program he once supported. This issue is too important. We need determined leadership at the national level to move the nation and the world forward.
"I believe Mitt Romney is a good and decent man, and he would bring valuable business experience to the Oval Office. He understands that America was built on the promise of equal opportunity, not equal results. In the past he has also taken sensible positions on immigration, illegal guns, abortion rights, and health care. But he has reversed course on all of them, and is even running against the health-care model he signed into law in Massachusetts."
Hurting Romney further was the praise Republican Governor of New Jersey Chris Christie was heaping on the president for his actions during the hurricane. Photos of the two together, shaking hands and smiling, were a gentle reminder that Obama was a man the Republicans could do business with.
Hillary Clinton gives her concession speech on November 9, 2016 in New York City. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
In the 64-year history of televised presidential concession speeches, Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who's ever said “I'm sorry.”
A Fortune analysis of all concession speech transcripts since 1952, when Adlai Stevenson gave the first televised post-election address after losing to Dwight D. Eisenhower, revealed that none of Clinton's forerunners said “sorry” to their disappointed voters. “This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for, and I'm sorry that we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country,” Clinton said in her speech.
It can't be a coincidence that the first presidential candidate to say “sorry” after losing the election is a woman. Too often, women apologize for messes they didn't make and actions that warrant no apology. (Some women even built an app last year to help others stop apologizing in emails.) In the workplace, this can function as a way for a woman to soften her image and quell perceptions of being pushy or intimidating. For Clinton, who has endured a disproportionate volume of society's projected fears of ambitious women, “sorry” might have been one last shot at seeming like the warm, soft blanket men seem to want their female political leaders to be.
Or maybe Clinton apologized because this election was different from any other in recent memory. Among Clinton supporters, it felt like a referendum on women in leadership, open-armed pluralism, and common decency, not just a political disagreement. Her loss as a candidate represented the general failure of people who detested Donald Trump's nativism and lifelong misogyny, among other things, to beat back the threat he poses to the constitution and American democracy.
The feeling Clinton addressed in her speech was not just disappointment at a campaign's loss or anger at what steps toward progress would be lost. It was grief for a hopeful country supporters believed they knew, before they were proven wrong by Trump's election. Clinton bore the pain of her devoted fans, and she apologized for whatever blame they might cast on her for failing to stem the rising tide of racism and xenophobia in America.
Her apology stands in stark contrast to the ethos of Trump, whose refusal to apologize for tangible damage he's caused is a major facet of his character—and possibly a major reason why people who voted for him read his insecurity as strength. When given the chance to apologize for arousing racial hatred around Barack Obama's birth certificate, Trump said he “did a good job,” congratulating himself on getting the president to release his proof of U.S. birth. When military-loving voters balked after Trump said of Sen. John McCain, “He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured,” Trump doubled down rather than say his sorries, saying he was “disappointed” in the senator's work for veterans.
Trump told Jimmy Fallon he's not against apologies in principle, “but you have to be wrong.” The president-elect promised he'd apologize “sometime in the distant future if I'm ever wrong.” Nice for America that, instead of electing a woman who says “sorry” for hurt she didn't cause, we ended up with a man who won't apologize for the actual harm he does.
This week, meat-eaters receive another diet-based kick in the ribs. A new study, published in the journal Gut, links the consumption of red meat to an increased risk of developing diverticulitis.
A recent study uncovers a link between the consumption of red meat and diverticulitis. A recent study uncovers a link between the consumption of red meat and diverticulitis.
Diverticulitis is a relatively common complaint that occurs when bulging sacs appear in the lining of the intestine.
These pockets can become infected or inflamed, leading to symptoms such as nausea and fever, constipation and/or diarrhea, cramping, and pain in the abdomen.
Approximately 4 percent of people with diverticulitis go on to develop severe or long-term complications, including abscesses, perforations in the gut wall, and fistulas, which are abnormal connections between the hollow spaces of the body.
Each year, diverticulitis accounts for around 210,000 hospital admissions in the United States. This costs an estimated $2 billion per year.
Worryingly, the number of new cases appears to be rising, particularly among younger individuals.
Known risk factors include using nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), a sedentary lifestyle, obesity, and smoking. However, despite the high number of cases, a full range of causes has not yet been described.
Although low levels of fiber intake are thought to play a role, dietary influences on diverticulitis had not been examined thoroughly.
Recently, a team led by Dr. Andrew Chan - from Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston - set out to investigate dietary factors involved in diverticulitis in more detail. They specifically focused on the consumption of meat, poultry, and fish in 46,500 men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study.
The participants were aged 40-75 when they joined the study between 1986-2012. Every 4 years, the men were asked how often they had eaten standard portions of red meat, poultry, and fish over the preceding 12 months. The responses were given using a 9-point scale, ranging from "never" or "less than once a month" to "six or more times a day."
Over the 26-year study period, 764 men developed diverticulitis.
Dietary trends in diverticulitis
Participants who ate higher quantities of red meat were also more likely to have used NSAIDs and painkillers, smoked more, exercised less, and consumed less dietary fiber.
Conversely, individuals who ate more fish and poultry were more likely to take aspirin, smoke less, and exercise vigorously more often.
Although these differences were clear, a significant effect was still observed once they had been accounted for: total red meat intake was associated with an increased risk of diverticulitis.
Perhaps surprisingly, this association was not influenced by age or weight.
When those consuming the least red meat were compared with those consuming the highest quantities, a 58 percent increased risk of developing diverticulitis was found. Each daily serving was associated with an 18 percent increased risk, peaking at six portions per week.
The strongest links were found with unprocessed meats; swapping just one daily portion with poultry or fish was associated with a 20 percent reduction in risk. The authors conclude:
"Our findings may provide practical dietary guidance for patients at risk of diverticulitis, a common disease of huge economic and clinical burden."
How does red meat influence diverticulitis?
The next question to ask is why red meat consumption might increase diverticulitis risk. Further research will be necessary to answer this query, but there are some theories in circulation.
The researchers explain that red meat has been linked to increased levels of C-reactive protein and ferritin, both of which are inflammatory chemicals. Red meat has also been linked to cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes, conditions where inflammation plays a key role.
Another theory is that red meat consumption influences the types of bacteria present in the gut - the microbiome. It is possible that alterations in populations of these bacteria could affect the integrity of the gut lining and the immune responses.
Similarly, the higher temperatures required to cook unprocessed meats might influence microbiome factors and levels of inflammation.
Although the investigation tapped into a relatively large pool of participants, the authors note some shortfalls. For example, because the study is observational, cause and effect cannot be concluded. Additionally, the study only focused on men, and inaccuracies in participants' recall could also affect the results.
More research is needed, but for people at increased risk of diverticulitis, these preliminary results may guide future eating habits.
Learn how red meat might be linked to kidney failure.
Arunabh Kumar
social media
TVF
Aayushi Aggarwal
`Social media has already declared me an offender'Hours after a female `staffer' accusedof sexual harassment, several women step out onrevealing unsavoury encounters with himArunabh Kumar, CEO of the digital entertainment start-up The Viral Fever (TVF) has labeled allegations of sexual harassment against him as “fake.“ Speaking to the Mumbai Mirror on Mon day evening, Kumar said he would request the woman making these allegations against him to either report the matter to the police or to the HR team atwhere she allegedly worked.In the post on Medium, a New York-based free platform, the victim has alleged that Arunabh Kumar, 35, molested and harassed her for months, but has given no clues to her identity, except that she is a native of Muzaffarpur in Bihar and that she joined TVF as a 22-year-old in 2014.The post has since been shared extensively on social media and Kumar is being pilloried. Some other women too have come forward to complain about Kumar himself and about TVF.According to Kumar his company has not hired any woman from Muzaffarpur in the last the three years and added that they have complained to Medium about the defamatory post and have asked for it to be removed. Medium, he claims, has sought 48 hours for verification of the post. “If the post is fake, it will be removed,“ he says.In the post on Medium titled `The Indian Uber ­ That Is TVF', the alleged victim who calls herself the Indian Fowler after Susan Fowler, the engineer who exposed instances for sexual harassment at Uber on social media last month, detailed the harassment she suffered at TVF “right from Pitchers to Tripling“, two of the company's productions released in 2015 and 2016 respectively.The victim writes that at parties Arunabh would try to lift her or would try and fall on her pretending to be drunk. Referring to a particular incident, she wrote that he once walked out of a meeting and called her to take some notes. “I walk up. He says it's time we do a quickie. I am stunned. And I told him I will go to the police. He said: `Police to meri pocket me hai'.“Describing the entire Medium post as slanderous, Kumar says: “Social media has already declared me an offender, but I am ready to address all the allegations against me. I am open to receiving a police complaint so that I can respond legally as well.TVF is bigger than me and if there is a remote chance that I have done any wrong, let me be persecuted.“ But the Medium post is just one of the troubles that Arunabh Kumar now faces. Two more women have since made allegations of having suffered sexual harassment at TVF, one of them by Kumar, who is the largest stakeholder at TVF valued at Rs 270 crore.In an open letter on facebook on Monday, filmmaker Reema Sengupta has alleged that Arunabh repeatedly touched her inappropriately during a five-hour shoot for TVF. “As I talk, he finds some lame excuse to place his hand on my hand (which was on the table in his glass cabin). In the middle of the shoot, he touches my shoulder tattoo and tells me he finds it sexy. After every other shot, he would come over to the monitor to see how the shot looks, but at the same time graze his hand against my waist,“ she wrote in the post. While he accepts that Sengupta had filmed a promo for his company, he denies he misbehaved with her. "The kind of insinuations the FB post makes are untrue. I am a heterosexual, single man and when I find a woman sexy, I tell her she's sexy - but this is only done in my personal capacity. I compliment women in my personal space and not at the workplace. Is that wrong? Is every man whose compliment a woman doesn't like, a molester.Having said that, I am very particular about my behavior - I will approach a woman, but never force myself. However, if my words may have still offended anybody, I am open to investigation," he says.Another ex-employee of TVF,, in an online post alleged she felt exploited at TVF and left the job “under very bad circumstances.“Referring to the post on Medium, Aggarwal wrote: “I hope things have worked out for you. It (TVF) is indeed no place for a woman. I would never recommend anybody to work there.“ Out of 200 employees at TVF, 80 are women.While accepting that Aggarwal did complain of harassment during her employment with TVF, Kumar says that a committee was appointed to look in her complaints and a colleague of hers was found guilty of misconduct and asked to leave. “The entire process was handled as it would be at any other corporate office,“ he told this newspaper.
Social media did not take kindly to U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions referring to the country's 50th state of Hawaii as just “an island in the Pacific.”
Using the hashtag #IslandinthePacific, many on Twitter reminded Sessions that Hawaii is in fact part of the country, the birthplace of former President Barack Obama and home to Pearl Harbor.
Sessions told “The Mark Levin Show” earlier this week that he was “amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and Constitutional power.”
READ MORE: Hawaii judge extends order blocking Donald Trump's travel ban indefinitely
Sessions was referring to Judge Derrick Watson, a federal district court judge in Honolulu, who struck down the second version of Trump's immigration order banning immigrants from six majority-Muslim countries temporarily. He ruled the order discriminated against Muslims.
Hawaii was the first state to sue over Trump's revised ban.
The now infamous phrase from Sessions has been mentioned more than 27,000 times online, according to Brandwatch, a social media monitoring company.
The Attorney General of Hawaii's office tweeted an image of the act admitting Hawaii into the Union in 1959.
Senator Mazie Hirono chided Sessions for indulging in “dog whistle politics.”
Hey Jeff Sessions, this #IslandinthePacific has been the 50th state for going on 58 years. And we won't succumb to your dog whistle politics — Senator Mazie Hirono (@maziehirono) April 20, 2017
Fellow Hawaiian Senator Brian Schatz also railed at Sessions' jab.
Mr. Attorney General: You voted for that judge. And that island is called Oahu. It's my home. Have some respect. https://t.co/sW9z3vqBqG — Brian Schatz (@brianschatz) April 20, 2017
State of Hawaii has many islands, not one island. We have around 1.5 m people. Island of Hawaii has 186,000 people. Please use the Google. https://t.co/aoZewx7jzT — Brian Schatz (@brianschatz) April 20, 2017
A number of other Twitter users also made their voices heard:
Really amazed that an attorney general with ancestors from Britain (itself an island!) can be such an ignorant bigot. #IslandInThePacific — Jared M. Gordon (@JaredMGordon) April 21, 2017
Just wait until Sessions finds out New Mexico isn't really new and isn't really Mexico. #Sessions #IslandinthePacific — Katzenjammer (@Katzeyammer) April 21, 2017
Funny how US took Hawaii by force, claimed it as OURS..then when it pushes back & affects establishment, it's just an #IslandinthePacific 🤔 — Deena (@deelynn84) April 21, 2017
Our 50th state #IslandinthePacific is home to the only US WWII battlefield at Pearl Harbor. AG Sessions, have some respect. — RTED.ORG (@RTED2016) April 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congress is likely to agree on cybersecurity legislation this summer, U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Tuesday, citing growing consensus among lawmakers on the need to help industry share data with government about attacks on computer networks.
Lawmakers have been considering legislation to clarify how private companies should be required to disclose security breaches and cyber threats, but spats over liability and privacy protections have repeatedly thwarted comprehensive cybersecurity bills.
“My sense is that there's an effort to try to get something done this summer,” Johnson told the Reuters Cybersecurity Summit, adding that he has discussed the matter with members of both the House of Representatives and the Senate.
“I've seen a fair amount of activity coming from both the House and the Senate and a real bipartisan desire to get something done,” he said.
The legislation could include some targeted, transaction-specific form of limitations on civil liability to protect companies that share information about cyber breaches, he said.
Some observers remained skeptical that the divided Congress could agree on any meaty legislation giving government access to more data, especially in the wake of revelations about the scope of U.S. government surveillance programs by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.
“Cybersecurity was tough to pass before Snowden. It's much tougher now,” Georgia Tech Professor Peter Swire told the Cybersecurity Summit.
Related Coverage Quotes from the Reuters Cybersecurity Summit
“I don't believe Congress is going to vote on a massive increase of information sharing at the same time as it is voting to end (NSA's) bulk collection,” said Swire, a member of President Barack Obama's independent panel that reviewed U.S. government spying practices in the wake of Snowden's disclosures.
But Johnson, who replaced Janet Napolitano as homeland security secretary in December, said tightening cybersecurity standards was “a good government, good business” practice that should not be a “political hot potato,” even for a divided Congress.
“My sense is that Congress realizes this is an area where we can legislate and we ought to try,” he told the summit.
The issue, he added, does not carry the religious or moral component of overturning the “don't ask, don't tell” policy that for 17 years applied to gays and lesbians serving in the military. Johnson helped to repeal that policy in 2011 while he was the Defense Department's general counsel.
The House last year for the second time passed a bill designed to help companies and the government share information on cyber threats, but it fizzled in the Senate. It did not address industry standards and the Obama administration had threatened to veto it over privacy concerns as many Democrats sought a broader bill.
Efforts to pass cybersecurity legislation got second wind in Congress last month as leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee drafted their own bill, now circulating among key stakeholders in hopes of avoiding disagreements that have thwarted passage in the past.
The draft, from Senators Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, and Saxby Chambliss, a Georgia Republican, would offer liability protections and consider the possibility of data being shared not only with a civilian government agency but also military or intelligence agencies.
U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson gestures during the second day of Reuters CyberSecurity Summit in Washington, May 13, 2014. REUTERS/Larry Downing
Privacy advocates have opposed giving companies liability protections because of concerns about abuses of consumer data.
Besides the limited liability, Johnson said key components of any legislation would be updating the Federal Information Security Management Act; clarity on the authority that DHS has over government web operations; and clarity on what commercial firms should share with the government.
He did not say if the Feinstein-Chambliss bill met all of those criteria.
Kejriwal and his deputy, Manish Sisodia had even addressed a press conference saying that no developed nation in the world uses EVMs since their software can be tampered with..(IE)
The Election Commission is reported to be planning an open challenge for scientists, technologists and political parties in the first week of May to prove the temporality of EVMs. The allegations of tampering of the Electronic Voting Machines had emerged after Aam Aadmi Party chief and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal had informed the media that one of the EVMs used in UP polls only voted for the Bhartiya Janata Party, irrespective of where the voter clicked. He had also asked the Election Commission to go back to ballot boxes in the MCD. Kejriwal and his deputy, Manish Sisodia had even addressed a press conference saying that no developed nation in the world uses EVMs since their software can be tampered with.
Earlier yesterday, the Bahujan Samaj Party, led by former CM of Uttar Pradesh, had staged a nationwide protest against the tampering of EVMs in the UP and Uttarakhand state assembly elections, to “benefit BJP”. The BSP workers had held demonstrations in all 75 district headquarters if UP and other party headquarters across the country to protest against what they termed as the “murder of democracy”. Opposition party members had also met unitedly to take up the issue of EVM tampering in the recently concluded elections. On April 10, opposition leaders had decided to take the matter to the Election Commission with the demands that their concerns were genuine and needed to be addressed.
Also watch:
The opposition leaders demanded that the paper trail of voting should also be introduced in all future elections to come. In the face of these allegations, the Indian National Congress had also been pushing for the use of ballot papers instead of Electronic voting machines. Opposition leaders told media that those free and fair elections were basic building blocks of a democracy and any erosion of these rights needed to be addressed forthwith and in the right earnest.
The government's “full arsenal” of measures under Operation Sovereign Borders remains available, immigration and border protection minister Scott Morrison said on Friday as he emphasised the bilateral nature of elements of the hardline policy to deter asylum seekers arriving in Australia by boat.
The minister said that aspects of the policy had been consistently misrepresented in the media, adding that “constructive” and “collegial” talks between the prime minister, Tony Abbott, and the Indonesian president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, meant the hardline policy was still on course.
“We have always respected Indonesia's sovereignty in the positions we have taken, and our policies have always been about protecting Australia's sovereignty. Nothing has changed in that respect,” Morrison said.
Morrison said the Coalition had “never had a policy of towing boats back to Indonesia” and blamed “misrepresentation over a long period of time” in the media for that impression.
In 2011 Abbott, then opposition leader, gave a number of interviews suggesting he would bring the policy back. In an interview in October 2011 with MTR Radio in Melbourne, Abbott said of towing boats back: “it's been done in the past, successfully done in the past and what was done in the past can be done again in the future.”
On 16 July, 2013, Abbott told 4BC Radio in Brisbane that “our policy is turn-around, not strictly speaking towbacks. It's turn-around. But we've done it before, we can do it again. These boats are Indonesian-flagged, Indonesian-crewed, Indonesian-home ported. They have a right to proceed to an Indonesian port.”
Morrison added that the Coalition had never claimed they would set up transit points in Indonesia to ensure that asylum seekers attempting to enter Australia by boat never reached Australian territory.
“We have never said that. What I have said in our policy is that we will seek to have transit centres. The location of those we were never specific about and it remains our policy to have those centres.” Morrison did not go into detail on the locations of proposed transit centres.
In the third Operation Sovereign Borders briefing, brought forward to Friday to avoid the public holiday in some states, Morrison announced that talks are under way in Jakarta between Australian officials and their Indonesian counterparts on strategies to combat asylum seeker boats and people smuggling. These talks were agreed during Abbott's visit to Indonesia this week.
Acting commander of the operation, Air Marshal Mark Binskin, said that one suspected asylum seeker boat had arrived in the past week, carrying 79 people. He said that since Operation Sovereign Borders began on 18 September, 171 people had been transferred for offshore processing.
There are currently 953 asylum seekers held on Manus Island and 801 on Nauru, with a further 43 in transit.
Binskin said there was “sufficient offshore processing capacity to meet requirements”.
The minister will visit regional processing facilities on Nauru next week and will not be accompanied by journalists.
I know a GREAT way to spend a rainy day…
Cuddling up indoors with The Collected Works of Hayao Miyazaki box set! In addition to Miyazaki's 11 feature films, the set includes a bonus disc with the 1972 television pilot film Yuki no Taiyō (Yuki's Sun), three episodes of the 1972-1973 series Akado Suzunosuke (Little Samurai), and a video of Miyazaki's retirement press conference.
The set was released on November 17. It also includes Tomohiro Machiyama's The Great Dichotomy: Looking at the Works of Hayao Miyazaki book, which explores the films' themes and features early production notes from Miyazaki.
The main 11 discs have these feature films directed by Miyazaki:
Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro (1979)
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind (1984)
Laputa: Castle in the Sky (1986)
My Neighbor Totoro (1988)
Kiki's Delivery Service (1989)
Porco Rosso (1992)
Princess Mononoke (1997)
Spirited Away (2001)
Howl's Moving Castle (2004)
Ponyo (2008)
The Wind Rises (2013)
The Collected Works of Hayao Miyazaki is OUT NOW for a LIMITED TIME! Available exclusively on Amazon.com
According to Eurostat more than 8 million ICT specialists were employed in the EU in 2016. Bulgaria ranks #1 in female ICT specialists among the EU countries.
“In the European Union (EU), 8.2 million persons were employed in 2016 as Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) specialists, representing 3.7% of total employment. Over recent years, both the number and the share of ICT specialists in total employment have continuously risen to better adapt to an ever digitalised world.”
The fact that cannot be denied, the ICT field is largely dominated by men, “accounting in 2016 for more than 8 out of 10 ICT specialists employed in the EU (83.3%), and of highly educated people, with more than 6 in 10 ICT specialists (61.8%) having a tertiary education or higher.”
Across Europe women mostly remain underrepresented in technology. Bulgaria has the highest proportion, with 31,02 percent female ICT specialists, according to recently released Eurostat data. Romania showed a close result with 26.3 percent. Latvia, Lithuania, Finland, Iceland and Sweden follow with over 20 percent.
The European Union's average of Women in Tech is 16.7 percent. #womenintech #eurostat
The country with the lowest number of women in tech is Slovakia with less than 10 percent.
According to the World Economic Forum: “Yet women make up a small proportion of the working force in Europe's digital sector, and they are under-represented at all levels, especially in decision-making positions.”
Based on a current trend we can assume that there are going to be around 10 million ICT related jobs in the EU by 2020. How many of them will be occupied by women?
Coding Girls are doing their best to empower girls to explore tech careers and to get started in coding, to increase the number of women in tech all over Europe. Join our communities, don't wait for the change, be the change!
More than 1 billion people have been issued the Aadhaar, but campaigners say its ubiquitous use could create a surveillance state
MUMBAI, Dec 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - When Parash, an HIV-positive man, went to a government hospital in Delhi a few months ago to get his medication, he was turned away.
He did not have an Aadhaar, a biometric identity card with a unique identification number issued by the Indian government.
The 27-year-old had earlier showed his driver's licence or voter card to get his anti-retroviral therapy (ART) drugs at a charity, but the hospital did not accept these as proof of identity. They insisted on his Aadhaar.
"The medications are my lifeline. I have other government IDs - passport, driver's licence, a voter ID, but without Aadhaar, I am nothing to the state," said Parash, who declined to give his last name.
India launched Aadhaar, now the world's biggest biometric database, in 2009 to streamline welfare payments and reduce wastage in public spending.
Since then, the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been keen to mandate the use of Aadhaar for everything from filing income taxes to the registration of mobile phone numbers and booking railway tickets.
Campaigners and technology experts have raised concerns about privacy and the safety of the data, the susceptibility of biometrics to failure, and the misuse of data for profiling or increased surveillance.
Aadhaar is now mandatory for welfare, pension and employment schemes, despite a 2014 Supreme Court ruling that it cannot be a requirement for welfare programmes.
Parash suspects his experience is not an isolated case.
"I have heard of others - sex workers and transgender people - who have been denied ART because they did not have Aadhaar or because they did not want to give (their data) because they are scared of being outed and linked to other databases," he said.
SURVEILLANCE STATE
More than 1 billion people of India's 1.25 billion population have been issued the 12-digit Aadhaar, which uses personal data, fingerprints and iris scans to identify them.
"An eco-system is being created where we don't have control of our own data and where a single identifier - the Aadhaar - links all databases and becomes a tool for profiling and surveillance," said Reetika Khera, an associate professor at the Indian Institute of Technology in New Delhi.
"There is rampant interlinking of discrete databases without data protection," she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
An Aadhaar, which means "foundation" in Hindi, speeds up transactions such as opening bank accounts and getting new mobile phone contracts, doing away with middlemen and potential fraudsters, the government says.
Banks, mobile services companies and airlines can access parts of the Aadhaar database to verify identities.
Companies could also share information on a person's spending and consumption habits, for example, and link the data to public records like the electoral register.
The government can use the data without the consent or knowledge of individuals to profile and monitor them, said Khera.
Some of India's most vulnerable people - including migrants and the elderly - are at risk of being excluded if they are unable to prove their identity, said Usha Ramanathan, a lawyer.
"The state is making Aadhaar ubiquitous and putting pressure on people to prove their identity, forcing even those who otherwise have no digital presence to leave a digital footprint," she said.
"It is not just a violation of privacy, it is the creation of a surveillance state: everyone is being forced to get this number, and every agency is becoming an agent for the state."
There have been reports of biometrics failing when fingerprints have faded, and of deaths linked to denial of subsidised food when verification failed.
There have also been reports of security breaches, but the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), which oversees the programme, said Aadhaar is "fully safe and secure and there has been no data leak or breach".
DYSTOPIA
India's top court in August ruled individual privacy is a fundamental right and part of the freedoms guaranteed by the constitution.
The court's landmark ruling also recognised "informational privacy" as part of the right to privacy and asked the government to put in place a robust data protection framework.
While the ruling was seen as a setback for the rollout of Aadhaar, the information technology minister said it affirmed the government's view that privacy is subject to "reasonable restrictions".
Last month, the ministry for information technology released a draft data protection law to prevent misuse of personal information, which also suggested grounds under which such data can be processed without consent.
But in addition to a comprehensive data protection law, Aadhaar must be made voluntary, as it was originally intended, said Mishi Chaudhary, a technology lawyer.
"People should not be forced to do this. We need privacy, not just for those of us who understand what it is about, but also for people who don't understand what they are giving up for certain services," she said.
"I don't want to live in a panopticon, where even the FedEx guy can ask for my Aadhaar number," she said, pointing to China's social credit system as an example of the dystopian future that India could be headed towards with Aadhaar.
The Chinese system, due to become mandatory in 2020, rates daily activities to create a score of trustworthiness that could determine if a person is eligible for a mortgage or a job.
Meanwhile, some countries are reining in their digital identity systems, with Estonia - seen as a leader in providing government services online - suspending 760,000 national ID cards last month to fix a security flaw.
PROTECT RIGHTS
Any data protection law in India must ensure an individual's constitutional rights are protected, said Nishant Shah, co-founder of think tank Centre for Internet & Society.
"Data touches every part of our life, and has a material impact on how we live and love and die," he said.
"As long as we think of data as property, we must constantly find ways of regulating and protecting it, and reconcile ourselves to the fact that it's a commodity. With digital IDs, we have no agency," he said.
For people like Parash, who was denied his life-saving medication because he does not have an Aadhaar, and for others who do not want to surrender their data to the state, another option must be considered, Shah said.
"If we were to think of right to data as an inalienable right, like the right to dignity, then even if we voluntarily give it, we could be sure that it can't be used for purposes that violate our dignity," he said.
"The ones who are hurt most by its extraction are often the most vulnerable," he said.
Floyd Hartwig and wife Violet are shown in this undated Hartwig family photo released to Reuters February 26, 2015. REUTERS/Hartwig Family/Handout via Reuters
A California couple, married 67 years, died hours apart while holding hands this month, their daughter said on Thursday.
Floyd Hartwig, 90, and wife Violet, 89, died on Feb. 11 in their home in Easton, California, outside Fresno, their family said.
The couple had known each other since they were children and married in 1947 while Floyd was on leave from the Navy, going on to settle in a ranch in Easton.
“They enjoyed working side by side their entire lives,” said daughter Donna Scharton. “They were very loving. Very hard-working. Not into materialistic things.”
Each had battled illnesses in recent years. Violet had dementia and had suffered strokes. Floyd, who survived bladder and colon cancer, had been diagnosed with kidney failure, family said.
Floyd and Violet had been given hospice care in the last weeks of their lives, and with the end near, family members pushed their beds together, Scharton said.
Floyd died first, holding Violet's hand. She passed away five hours later, she said.
“They were very devoted to each other and had a lot of respect for each other,” Scharton said of their long marriage.
The couple had three children, four grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren, family said.
Violet, known as “Vi,” would wake up at 4 a.m. through much of her life to tend to her family and the ranch, “sewing, cooking, gardening, and volunteering for the PTA,” according to her daughter and her obituary.
Floyd spent six years in the Navy and served in World War Two, his obituary said.
(Reporting by Victoria Cavaliere in Seattle; Editing by Eric Beech)
An antifa group is physically training outdoors to learn the skills they need in "Trump's America," as the “Haymaker Collective” works to gain the funds to open a martial arts gym in Chicago.
“In the wake of the election of Donald Trump and the emboldened far right, Haymaker: Popular Fitness & Self-Defense is bringing free martial arts training to Chicago for anyone who wants to learn self-defense,” the organizations' indiegogo fundraising page says.
Since anti-First Amendment, um, "anti-facist" groups are known more for attacking Trump supporters and police, how the concept of “self-defense” will be applied could be concerning. Luckily, there is video of their training that allows the public to gain some vital insight to their rigorous program.
Alt-Media site Unicorn Riot provides some memorable, in-depth video coverage of the group training outdoors. Once you see it, you will not be able to forget it.
“A lot of people think that when you learn how to fight it's all about being aggressive and learning about how to go start fights with people, that's not what we're about at all,” Wes of Haymaker Collective, says in the video.
“We're really investing into the capacities for our bodies to just be stronger, because at the end of the day stronger people are harder to kill,” according to Haymaker Collective member Meyer.
Haymaker Collective says, their gym will be free and open to everyone – except those affiliated with police or right-wing groups.
They have already collected $6,000 towards the $50,000 goal but the group hopes to open an indoor gym in the fall.
Thank you for supporting MRCTV! As a tax-deductible, charitable organization, we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here!
In episode 114 of Redacted Tonight, host Lee Camp hilariously covers how 3rd party candidates, like the Green's Jill Stein, are not only getting marginalized but also CENSORED. PBS Newshour, which has a good reputation generally, actually cut Jill Stein's interview with them in a bizarre way to make her look insane.
Also, Lee does a news medley rundown of crucial stories, including a Democratic party leak concerning how to “deal with” Black Lives Matter, Trump and the human urine connection, and prisoners across the country unifying in strike to reclaim their human rights and escape, essentially, slave labor. Correspondent Naomi Karavani joins Lee at the desk to discuss how the Pentagon has just revealed that the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, was actually in the notorious US torture prison in Iraq, Abu Ghraib. And Correspondent John F. O'Donnell files a report on the Redacted aspects of the Colin Kaepernick National Anthem media firestorm, including the super racist, lesser known 3rd verse of the Star-Spangled Banner.
The establishment mouthpieces of the mainstream media are frequently acting like they are anxious to present Jill Stein and other "undesirable" interviewees as, more or less, completely unreliable. They use various techniques, like quite frequent interruptions which prevent the interviewee to present a complete and sensible point of view, disorientating questions, logical leaps, or, the known methods of censorship.
As Jill Stein told for Redacted Tonight: "Thanks to the free and open internet, people's eyes are being opened to how corporate-funded media outlets, including PBS, have controlled the narrative by choosing what to report and what to leave on the editing room floor."
The three mission DLC has more sandboxes to play in
Shortly after launch, Dishonored sprung some mini-DLC on us with the Trials of Dunwall challenge pack. But fans wanted so much more than that. They wanted full sandboxes, more story, and more of the world to explore. Enter The Knife of Dunwall, a DLC pack that explores the man that murdered Dishonored's Empress, and framed the hero Corvo for his crime.
The DLC will consist of three missions, all of which are sandbox oriented, and have multiple paths -- just like Dishonored's campaign. During my hour long hands-on with the game, I hit up a quick intro section. It was a short dream sequence (similar to the first game) that set me on my path to the first mission -- the whaling slaughterhouse. Before I embarked, I had a chance to upgrade and kit out Daud, similar to pre-mission setups for Corvo.
In addition to abilities and items, Daud can also buy "favors," which are essentially optional bribes and special level variations Daud can set up through his influence -- such as having someone "accidentally leave a door open" and so forth.
Based on my playthrough of the slaughterhouse, Knife of Dunwall features the same open-ended gameplay as the full release. I had at least three events where I could have approached the situation in a variety of ways, one of which may even leave a few players uncomfortable, given Daud's more violent and criminal nature. Michael Madsen's solid performance and recognizable voice also helps add to the allure. The DLC is three missions long, and it'll take you around an hour to fully explore each stage -- and of course, multiple playthroughs and item hunting are encouraged.
From what I can tell, Knife of Dunwall ramps up the difficulty a bit to accommodate for Daud's prowess in the shadows. Specifically, the new Butcher enemy, who wields a high powered circular saw, can be a huge problem in tight corners. Butchers do a ton of damage up close, can block bullets, and take a ton of damage.
They have whaleoil reserve tanks on their backs, which serve as weakpoints -- but often times, getting a clear shot can be harder than it sounds -- especially when other enemies are running after you. One thing's for sure -- I hope there's more of these encounters in the rest of the DLC.
After I had all of my parameters taken care of, determined to win, I evaded my pursuers, and completed the mission -- at which point an Arkane developer came up to me and said, "dude, you've been playing this for over an hour! You're the only person today that's beaten the demo." Yep, through my sheer force of will to conquer the mission, I had completely lost track of time.
Another cool aspect of the DLC was content in further exploring one of the biggest parts of the game's lore: the whaling industry. I don't want to spoil one of the big surprises of the DLC, but there was one event that was so disgusting, that it was sicker than anything I had seen prior in Dishonored.
It's clear that Arkane is putting in the same amount of effort here as the core campaign. For those of you who are worried that it was taken out of the game, an Arkane developer was able to confirm to me that they didn't start working on the DLC until the full retail game was finished.
Daud has a large selection of Corvo's weapon-set at his disposal, like the wristbow, sleeping darts, and more, but there's also new weapons like the Arc Mine (a zap trap), Chokedust grenades (gas based stun grenades), and new abilities that can be leveled up just like Corvo.
The major difference between the two playstyles is the fact that Daud's blink, when standing still, freezes time entirely -- even in mid-air. It sounds like a subtle difference, but using the ability really gave off the aura of a master assassin. It was a ton of fun to be able to stop and think mid-combat, planning my next route. Of course, I didn't use it all the time, and you can simply blink quickly, just like Corvo.
Knife of Dunwall really didn't give me any hint of it being a cash-in during my hour long playthrough of the first mission. So if I enjoyed it, despite my reservations with Dishonored, odds are you hardcore fans out there will dig it. Daud could stand to be a little more unique compared to Corvo from a pure gameplay perspective, but I still enjoyed my time with him, and his deep backstory makes him much more interesting than Dishonored's silent protagonist out of the gate.
The real question is are you willing to pay $9.99 for story-centric DLC like this -- especially when there's a second $9.99 Daud DLC pack (The Brigmore Witches) on the way?
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery:
"At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas" and there are "dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol."
U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter this week declared terrorists have been crossing the Rio Grande.
The California Republican, speaking to Greta Van Susteren on Fox News Oct. 7, 2014, said he'd learned from the U.S. Border Patrol that Islamic State fighters had been nabbed trying to enter the country from Mexico. "ISIS is coming across the southern border," Hunter said, adding a moment later: "I know that at least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas."
Border Patrol agents "caught them," Hunter also said, but "you know there's going to be dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol."
Our eyebrows were raised. We sought detail.
No federal or state confirmation
No state or federal law enforcement agency confirmed Hunter's account when we inquired, and Hunter spokesman Joe Kasper declined to reveal the congressman's sources.
Fox News, in its original Oct. 8, 2014, online news report on Hunter's declaration, quoted the Department of Homeland Security disputing his account.
Homeland Security told PolitiFact Texas that no such apprehensions have occurred. An agency spokeswoman, Marsha Catron, emailed: "The suggestion that individuals who have ties to ISIL have been apprehended at the Southwest border is categorically false, and not supported by any credible intelligence or the facts on the ground. DHS continues to have no credible intelligence to suggest terrorist organizations are actively plotting to cross the southwest border."
And after Hunter spoke, the Texas Department of Public Safety wrote state legislators, saying in an Oct. 8, 2014, email it "does not have any information to confirm" statements about Islamic terrorists or ISIS fighters entering the country. A DPS spokesman, Tom Vinger, confirmed the message's authenticity.
In the message, a DPS deputy director, Robert Bodisch, mentioned the Hunter interview and an Oct. 8, 2014, news report by Judicial Watch, a conservative news website, stating Islamic terrorists had entered the country from Mexico. According to unidentified Homeland Security sources, Judicial Watch said four terrorists had been apprehended in the previous 36 hours by federal authorities and the DPS in McAllen and Pharr.
In the message to legislators, Bodisch further wrote: "An unsecure border is certainly a vulnerability that can be exploited by criminals of all kinds, and it would be naïve to rule out the possibility that any criminal organization would not look for opportunities to take advantage of security gaps along our international border. That said, DPS does not have any information to confirm the specific statements recently reported in the press."
On Sept. 17, 2014, PolitiFact in Washington analyzed an August 2014 Judicial Watch story , finding Mostly False another congressman's claim that "we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez," which neighbors El Paso. Research did not turn up any law enforcement official or news outlet that independently verified or corroborated the claim, making the declaration that "we know" with certainty ISIS is in Juarez a big stretch.
For this fact check, a terrorism expert said Hunter's claim doesn't make much sense.
"It's implausible given the way the criminal-justice system works to have 10 ISIS fighters arrested at the border and never charged," said Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, director of the Center for the Study of Terrorist Radicalization at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies in Washington.
Gartenstein-Ross said by phone he knows of "no reporting coming through DHS suggesting that a large number of ISIS fighters have been intercepted at the border. I've talked to a large number of people within the department, and the department has unequivocally denied it. There's not one shred of evidence this is the case."
Kasper, informed we'd not confirmed Hunter's statement, said Hunter stands by what he said.
Kasper also expressed doubt federal agencies are revealing the facts about fighters getting caught.
"Problem here is that this is always a zero-sum game," Kasper wrote. "We make the point. Official channels deny. Then, maybe in a few years from now the information will pop up on the front page of the Washington Post," much like that newspaper this week reported new details about the Secret Service prostitution scandal, Kasper said.
Our ruling
Hunter said "at least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas" and there are "dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol."
No government agency confirms anything remotely close to the idea that at least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border. Notably, too, the lead Texas agency entrusted with public safety alerted legislators of its own lack of confirmation. Similarly, the idea there are "dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol" is missing a factual basis.
All told, this statement strikes us as incorrect and ridiculous. Pants on Fire!
PANTS ON FIRE – The statement is not accurate and makes a ridiculous claim.
The Lyrids, the first big meteor shower of the year, will peak on Earth Day.
The Lyrids are an annual meteor shower lasting from April 16 to April 25, that typically peaks on Earth Day. The meteor shower gets its name from the constellation Lyra that the meteors appear to originate from. The meteor shower is produced from the debris trail left by the periodic Comet C/1861 G1 Thatcher.
In what is commonly the first good meteor shower of the year, the Lyrids are expected to produce around 10 to 20 meteors per hour and will be visible throughout much of the world. The meteor shower should hit its peak shortly after midnight on April 22.
NASA and the Slooh Community Observatory will be providing a live webcast for anyone who is unable to view the meteor shower due to poor weather or light pollution. Slooh's live stream will begin at 8 p.m. EDT and NASA's starts at 11 p.m. EDT on April 22.
Watch Slooh's live stream here:
Watch NASA's live stream here:
DALLAS -- Mavericks owner Mark Cuban has come up with a proposal to level the playing field between the NBA's two conferences.
Cuban suggests a conference realignment that would result in a total of eight teams, including the Mavs, switching conferences.
Mavericks owner Mark Cuban says changing the conference affiliations of eight teams could help level the playing field between the NBA's West and East. Jerome Miron/USA TODAY Sports
In Cuban's plan, the Mavs, San Antonio Spurs, Houston Rockets and New Orleans Pelicans would move to the Eastern Conference. The Chicago Bulls, Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and Milwaukee Bucks would move to the West.
"It's not like it'd be the first time we've ever realigned," Cuban said. "It's happened many times before, so there's precedent and I just think it shakes things up and makes things interesting."
Cuban, whose Mavs were the West's eighth seed with a 49-33 record last season but would have been a No. 3 seed in the East, acknowledged that he had some selfish motivation for the plan. However, he believes the league would benefit as a whole.
"It's not like you're reducing competition," said Cuban, who noted that the teams he suggested moving to the West are approximately the same distance from Portland as Dallas and closer than New Orleans, San Antonio and Houston. "You keep Cleveland, Washington and other good teams in the East. It kind of shakes things up in terms of not just interest but also in terms of how people rebuild.
Editor's Picks Mark Cuban takes jab at Derek Fisher With Knicks coach Derek Fisher in Dallas, Mavs owner Mark Cuban had harsh words about the former Mavs guard's depature from the team, Ian Begley writes.
"It just changes things up and it changes the thought process of a lot of teams. It makes both conferences very competitive, at least for the short term and I think, based on the history of the teams, for the long term as well."
Commissioner Adam Silver has been receptive to ideas that would address the issue of the West being a significantly deeper, stronger conference than the East. One idea that has been floated is to have a 16-team playoff bracket that does not take conferences into consideration.
Cuban has not discussed his idea, which he hatched during a media interview Wednesday, with the commissioner or anyone else in the NBA.
"I did the trial close right here," Cuban said as he worked out on his stair-stepper and talked to reporters before Wednesday's home game against the New York Knicks. "Then it'll turn into headline porn and then we'll see the response."
Song by Johnny Cash
"Folsom Prison Blues" excerpt From the album At Folsom Prison. The most popular live version of the song. Problems playing this file? See media help.
"Folsom Prison Blues" is a song written in 1953[4] and first recorded in 1955 by American singer-songwriter Johnny Cash. The song combines elements from two popular folk styles, the train song and the prison song, both of which Cash continued to use for the rest of his career. It was one of Cash's signature songs. It was the eleventh track on his debut album With His Hot and Blue Guitar and it was also included (same version) on All Aboard the Blue Train. A live version, recorded among inmates at Folsom State Prison itself, became a #1 hit on the country music charts in 1968. In June 2014, Rolling Stone ranked it No. 51 on its list of the 100 greatest country songs of all time.[5]
Original recording, 1955 [ edit ]
Cash was inspired to write this song after seeing the movie Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison (1951) while serving in West Germany in the United States Air Force at Landsberg, Bavaria (itself the location of a famous prison). Cash recounted how he came up with the line "But I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die": "I sat with my pen in my hand, trying to think up the worst reason a person could have for killing another person, and that's what came to mind."[6]
Cash took the melody for the song and many of the lyrics from Gordon Jenkins's 1953 Seven Dreams concept album, specifically the song "Crescent City Blues".[7] Jenkins was not credited on the original record, which was issued by Sun Records. In the early 1970s, after the song became popular, Cash paid Jenkins a settlement of approximately US$75,000 following a lawsuit.[8]
The song was recorded at the Sun Studio in Memphis, Tennessee on July 30, 1955. The producer was Sam Phillips, and the musicians were Cash (vocals, guitar), Luther Perkins (guitar), and Marshall Grant (bass).[9] Like other songs recorded during his early Sun Records sessions, Cash had no drummer in the studio, but replicated the snare drum sound by inserting a piece of paper (like a dollar bill) under the guitar strings and strumming the snare rhythm on his guitar. The song was released as a single with another song recorded at the same session, "So Doggone Lonesome". Early in 1956, both sides reached #4 on the Billboard C&W Best Sellers chart.[10]
When photographer Jim Marshall asked Cash why the song's main character was serving time in California's Folsom Prison after shooting a man in Reno, Nevada, he responded, "That's called poetic license."[11]
Live recording, 1968 [ edit ]
Cash opened almost all of his concerts with "Folsom Prison Blues," after greeting the audience with his trademark introduction, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash," for decades. Cash performed the song at Folsom Prison itself on January 13, 1968, and this version was eventually released on the At Folsom Prison album the same year. That opening version of the song is more up-tempo than the original Sun recording. According to Michael Streissguth, the cheering from the audience following the line "But I shot a man in Reno / just to watch him die" was added in post-production. A special on the Walk the Line DVD indicates that the prisoners were careful not to cheer at any of Cash's comments about the prison itself, fearing reprisal from guards. The performance again featured Cash, Perkins and Grant, as on the original recording, together with Al Casey (guitar) and W.S. Holland (drums).[9]
Released as a single, the live version reached #1 on the country singles chart, and #32 on the Hot 100, in 1968.[10] Pitchfork Media placed this live version at number 8 on its list of "The 200 Greatest Songs of the 1960s."[12] The live performance of the song won Cash the Grammy Award for Best Country Vocal Performance, Male, the first of four he won in his career, at the 1969 Grammy Awards.
Chart performance [ edit ]
Other versions [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
In a decision issued today (here is an alternate link to the decision), the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals has upheld a Wisconsin prison's rule forbidding inmates to play Dungeons & Dragons or possess D&D publications and materials [HT: Josh Blackman].
The prison's rationale for the ban is that playing D&D might stimulate “gang activity” by inmates. But the government conceded that there is no evidence that Dungeons and Dragons actually had stimulated gang activity in the past, either in this prison or elsewhere. The only evidence for the supposedly harmful effects of Dungeons and Dragons were a few cases from other states where playing the game supposedly led inmates to indulge in “escapism” and become divorced from reality, one case where two non-inmates committed a crime in which they “acted out” a D&D story-line, and one where a longtime D&D player (not an inmate) committed suicide. Obviously, almost any hobby or reading material might lead people to become divorced from reality, or in rare cases commit suicide. And disturbed individuals could potentially “act out” a crime based on a scenario in almost any film or literary work. Should prisons ban The Count of Monte Cristo on the grounds that it might encourage escape attempts? Moreover, the “escapism” rationale conflicts with the gang argument. People who become engrossed in escapism and retreat from society are presumably less likely to become active gang members.
That said, the Seventh Circuit decision may well be legally correct. It is based on the highly deferential standard under which most prison regulations are to be upheld against constitutional challenge so long as they are “rationally related” to some legitimate goal of prison administration. And, as lawyers know, when courts apply such a “rational basis” test, that usually means that almost anything goes. The test is mandated by Supreme Court precedent, and the Seventh Circuit judges had little choice but to follow it.
UPDATE: I should perhaps mention that the court also cited statements by a “gang expert” who argued that playing D&D might stimulate gang activity because Dungeons and Dragons has a structure similar to a gang:
The sole evidence the prison officials have submitted on this point [the connection between D&D and gangs] is the affidavit of Captain Muraski, the gang specialist. Muraski testified that Waupun's prohibition on role-playing and fantasy games was intended to serve two purposes. The first aim Muraski cited was the maintenanceof prison security. He explained that the policy was intended to promote prison security because cooperative games can mimic the organization of gangs and lead to the actual development thereof. Muraski elaborated that during D&D games, one player is denoted the “Dungeon Master.” The Dungeon Master is tasked with giving directions to other players, which Muraski testified mimics the organization of a gang.
This argument is, I think, too weak to bother refuting – even if it is just barely compelling enough to pass muster under the rational basis test. By this “reasoning,” you could ban the “cooperative game” of football because “during football games, one player is denoted the ‘quarterback.' The quarterback is tasked with giving directions to other players.”
Share. “It enables the individual to become much more familiar with that depiction of death and blood.” “It enables the individual to become much more familiar with that depiction of death and blood.”
California senator Dianne Feinstein has once again commented on what she sees as a connection between video games and real-world violence. Speaking on MSNBC's Morning Joe yesterday, Feinstein explained that she believes games can “enable” individuals who might become violent.
“I think the really violent video game becomes a kind of simulator to practice on,” she said. “It enables the individual to become much more familiar with that depiction of death and blood. Of course it's not the way it is in real life.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Last week, Feinstein said games have “a very negative influence” for young people and suggested that Congress should intervene.
Feinstein is among a group of other elected officials who have spoken out on violence in games recently, joining Tennessee Senator Lamar Alexander and Connecticut Senator Christopher Murphy.
Via GameSpot
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following @garfep on Twitter or garfep on IGN.
File: 1493223919419.jpg–(168.88KB, 1920x1080, playground.jpg) Tagged: 1chan.us, Internet Discord text & voice chat tee ## Admin 17/04/26(Wed)09:25:20 No.43823 Reply] Unfortunately >>IRC is even more dead than it was in the first place, so we've all moved to Discord. Join 1chan's server "The Playground" at https://discord.gg/5ASKGkj
While Discord does have a web client, downloading a client for your OS is recommended.
4 posts omitted. Click Reply to view.
※
Tarra.exe 17/06/14(Wed)20:37:42 No.43850 Don't forget to download the PTB that hides on top of the download button.
>What is PTB
they hand out new features as they are alpha/beta testing them
File: 1479025478377.jpg–(100.17KB, 1024x768, 15016403_1222400704493982_5497099086745474375_o.jp) Tagged: Movies cool scary shit Anonymous 16/11/13(Sun)00:24:40 No.43658 Reply] so I just watched this series of movies the other day and my only reaction is why haven't I heard of it until now? gimme some old scary movies or series of movies that I can get my chub into
※
StrayBullet 16/11/13(Sun)06:53:16 No.43660 >>43658
Event Horizon, the ORIGINAL Hellraiser, the FIRST Friday the 13th, the FIRST Nightmare on Elm Street, Puppetmaster, and Critters.
Though, nothing is scarier than an old man's balls.
※
moshi 16/11/13(Sun)07:36:38 No.43661 VHS 1 & 2 are p scary if you watch them alone with the lights off
※
※
Shimazu 17/07/22(Sat)16:23:43 No.43861 fast and furious
※
File: 1502560695529.jpg–(52.78KB, 523x376, GoldenSnitch.jpg) Tagged: Social TCG thread Tarra.exe 17/08/12(Sat)10:58:17 No.43872 Reply] Sup nerds? so I started a thread some time ago on 4chan/tg/ and thought to test it out here:
What's your favorite TCG
What do you wish had a TCG
What do you wish came back?
What's your favorite deck(s)?
wanna try another discord out based on table top games and TCGs?
discord.me/alicegames
I was also coming in to say hey because it's been a bit.
※
Shimazu 17/08/14(Mon)14:46:20 No.43873 pokémon TCG was the fuckin best
※
Tarra.exe 17/08/29(Tue)15:49:01 No.43880 >>43873
I still play on Monday's at my favorite hobby shop. I can post a link to my friend and I are opening booster boxes.
You should play it more. Or just online as well. It's free.
File: 1493311234169.jpg–(2.31KB, 97x125, 1443924966276.jpg) Tagged: Conspiracy Tee is gay? Evilbread 17/04/27(Thu)09:40:34 No.43828 Reply] For the past few months he has said almost nightly he is a homosexual, i find it hard to believe.
Can anyone confirm this?
5 posts omitted. Click Reply to view.
※
Anonymous 17/05/19(Fri)04:43:24 No.43839 >>43837
i hope i die tomorrow
※
Anonymous 17/05/19(Fri)09:20:55 No.43840 >giving a hoot
※
※
moshi 17/06/10(Sat)14:00:14 No.43849 no, tee is go pee
※
File: 1407626700671.jpg–(114.81KB, 600x600, wtf1chan.jpg) Tagged: Conspiracy, Internet, Music, News, Technology Post Your Stupid Questions here, and other anons try to Answer . Anonymous 14/08/09(Sat)16:25:06 No.39205 Reply] Post Questions Here, stupid or Whatever ?
obv stupid will be ignored unless well worded, and thought out.
8 posts omitted. Click Reply to view.
※
※
Tarra.exe 17/06/14(Wed)20:42:36 No.43851 >friend of mine will listen to another friend who he says he "respects" a bit more and I'm ok with that
>tell him the exact words I know his other friend would say to him
>gets mad when I say it but doesn't get mad when the other friend says it
And yes, we all 3 know each other, he's known him longer than me while I feel like I talk to him more. So even if he's known him longer than me say be 2 years or something, why does he take my advice as me being an asshole but the other is ok? I don't get this.
※
Piers Morgan 17/06/24(Sat)23:31:35 No.43854 1498372294828.gif–(450.71KB, 500x313, 1365413055515.gif) >>39206
Have you ever met her physically? How long have you been together with her? If you have been with her physically, how long were you guys in close proximity?
※
Anonymous 17/06/28(Wed)18:05:45 No.43855 1498698344398.gif–(0.97MB, 389x259, 85.gif) >>39235
obv stupid will be ignored unless well worded, and thought out.
※
Anonymous 17/08/18(Fri)06:06:13 No.43878 >>43855
I thought that was a pretty good question actually
3 posts omitted. Click Reply to view.
※
※
Shimazu 17/07/23(Sun)14:19:20 No.43869 >>43868
where did you find this
※
moshi 17/07/24(Mon)01:45:03 No.43870 >>43869
I have no idea
※
Shimazu 17/08/01(Tue)16:43:42 No.43871 >>43870
understandable have a nice day
※
File: 1502870788889.jpg–(243.25KB, 4096x2160, 1502163427201.jpg) Tagged: Technology IOTA tyci 17/08/16(Wed)01:06:30 No.43874 Reply] Let me help you goys.
This is a new paradigm in cryptocurrency.
※
Shimazu 17/08/17(Thu)16:07:26 No.43875 >>43874
cool logo so I believe you
※
Anonymous 17/08/18(Fri)05:59:46 No.43876 I'll have you know that I'm hardly a goy
File: 1500765955542.jpg–(142.56KB, 720x960, Foto 2-5-17 13 38 02.jpg) Tagged: 1chan.us Shimazu 17/07/22(Sat)16:25:57 No.43862 Reply] who broke the youtube embedding feature smh
※
moshi 17/07/22(Sat)16:30:14 No.43863 God damn it @tee
※
Shimazu 17/07/22(Sat)16:32:57 No.43865 >>43863
is he still non-existant or what
※
File: 1453062790718.jpg–(769.36KB, 1920x1080, desktop.jpg) Tagged: Art, Random, Wallpapers Shimazu 16/01/17(Sun)12:33:12 No.43273 Reply] ITT: Desktops
tidying allowed, make them pretty
17 posts omitted. Click Reply to view.
※
cricken 17/04/20(Thu)22:15:55 No.43820 413 Request Entity Too Large
nginx/1.12.0
great job tee
※
spicefiend 17/04/23(Sun)05:41:17 No.43821 WHY THE FUCK CAN'T I POST MY SCREENSHOT RIGHT NOW
※
※
※
File: 1498080890954.jpg–(18.84KB, 500x330, 3.jpg) Tagged: 1chan.us Idinix 17/06/21(Wed)14:34:52 No.43852 Reply] Guys, I missed you. <3
Basically I forgot my first account and made this one and forgot it because I hadn't used it. I sold my computer, and was incarcerated for a while, and I haven't been on in months, years maybe. Now I sync my passwords and... and here you are. :')
※
File: 1494816748301.jpg–(455.48KB, 4272x3204, nbc-fires-donald-trump-after-he-calls-mexicans-rap) Tagged: 1chan.us Hello Piers Morgan 17/05/14(Sun)19:52:30 No.43834 Reply] It's been a while since I was last here. How have people been? What's the community up to?
※
moshi 17/05/17(Wed)03:10:50 No.43836 >>43834
The "community" is dissolved sadly. I think only Spice K00lAiDz and me stuck around.
I could say I'm doing fine. Things are looking up. I took a gap year and now I'm applying for a university in Slovenia for CS.
The memes keep coming and that's a good thing.
What about you Piers? What's up with you?
※
Chris Hansen 17/05/19(Fri)09:22:13 No.43842 same, haven't been here for ages, just remembered this site today figured I'd check it out, do we still have the TF2 server?
※
StrayBullet 17/05/21(Sun)09:30:29 No.43846 1495384228023.jpg–(34.31KB, 640x534, 1475651266944.jpg) I still pop in from time to time. About once a week, sometimes less depending on RL shit.
※
※
File: 1390508217311.png–(95.92KB, 1199x624, Screenshot (3).png) Tagged: Conspiracy, Internet, Politics, Random, Technology NSA's in your VPN, looking at your porn Tarlach 14/01/23(Thu)12:16:59 No.30993 Reply] So this was in my Open-VPN folder. I shit you not, it contained a near-perfect copy of my Open-VPN client.
MD5 diff timez
2 posts omitted. Click Reply to view.
※
Tarlach 14/01/24(Fri)07:17:20 No.31023 1390576639584.gif–(463.64KB, 500x200, tumblr_mumq48ZkRY1rgo7kvo1_500.gif) >>31014
It confused me more than anything. I sat there for about five min thinking I was going insane.
MD5 diff showed it was different than the rest of my client files. So I dunno.
※
cunt 14/01/24(Fri)13:43:01 No.31032 >>31023
Feds are on to you, m8. Stop looking at CP. :c
((USER WAS WARNED FOR THIS POST))
※
※
※
When Milivoje Raičević tore his cruciate ligaments in August he was at a loss.
The injury was bad enough, the stuff of nightmares for any sportsperson. But then there was the question of how exactly the 22-year-old would get the medical care he needed: his club, Budućnost Podgorica, could not afford it.
Then the phone rang … it was another Montenegrin forward, Internazionale's Stevan Jovetić.
"When he heard what had happened and discovered that my club doesn't have enough money to send me to Augsburg following a misdiagnosis in Montenegro, Jovetić called me and offered his help," explains Raičević.
©Savo Prelević
"He arranged for me to meet a doctor who helped him when he had the same injury [in 2010]. Jovetić covered all examination costs and also paid for surgery, which I had a few days ago in Serbia."
It is a heart-warming story, all the more so because until that initial phone call, Jovetić had never spoken to Raičević in his life. No links. Raičević plays for Budućnost; Jovetić, currently on loan from Manchester City, started out at arch-rivals Mladost.
"All I can do is say many, many thanks and promise to Stevan that I will be back next season, scoring goals for him," says Raičević.
In Rogue Trader, you take on the role of a Rogue Trader and his most trusted counsellors, empowered by an ancient warrant of trade to seek out profit and plunder amongst unexplored regions of space. Your ship will take you to new worlds and uncharted reaches of the void, where you will encounter rivals, pirates, aliens, and possibly even creatures of the warp. You will acquire and spend great wealth and riches, and fame or infamy will follow. You will discover ancient and forgotten mysteries and search out the unknown to find lost human worlds or never before seen celestial phenomena. You must survive the dangers of space, for beyond the threat of vacuum and deadly radiation lurk things Man was never meant to find.
To be part of a Rogue Trader's crew is to stand on the threshold of nearly unlimited opportunity. Vast profits await for you and your fellow Explorers to find and claim. Fame and fortune reward the bold, but the unwary find only an anonymous death.
• Fast character creation to get you into the game quickly, including a lifetime of possibilities with an expanded origin path system.
• Dynamic rules for all eventualities that let you handle everything from social interaction to deadly fast-paced combat, starships and psychic powers to a system of profit and influence.
• Comprehensive background on Rogue Traders, written by Warhammer 40,000 novelists and GW Design Studio member Andy Hoare.
• Build your own starship or begin play with one of the six pre-generated vessels.
Begin your players' path to wealth and glory with a complete starting adventure that puts the Explorers right into the middle of the action. The Rogue Trader core rulebook contains everything you need to start your adventure in the Warhammer 40,000 universes.
Posada Carriles Tells the El Paso Court “I lied because the CIA taught me how.” – Español
By José Pertierra
Translation: Machetera – Tlaxcala
In a motion presented yesterday before the federal court in El Paso, where he is being tried for perjury rather than murder, Luis Posada Carriles offers the curious defense that due to his many years of work with the CIA, his statements when interrogated by U.S. immigration officials shortly after illegally entering the United States in March of 2005 were “the result of confusion, mistake” and “faulty memory.”
Posada alleges that throughout his employment with the CIA, he used various false identities and passports to facilitate his undercover work against Cuba, Venezuela and other Latin American countries. So many lies have led him to be confused now, according to the 14 page legal argument his legal team has presented to Judge Kathleen Cardone.
The prosecutors wish to exclude all the evidence regarding Posada Carriles and the CIA from this trial, arguing that it is irrelevant as well as confidential. Washington knows that Posada has plenty to tell and it is trying to limit his testimony and the evidence to the greatest extent possible so as not to expose the crimes committed by Posada Carriles throughout his decades of work for the CIA.
There are declassified CIA cables in existence, for example, as well as confessions from the material authors of the crime, which establish that Posada was the intellectual author behind the explosion of a Cubana airlines civilian airplane on October 6, 1976, where 73 passengers were killed.
Venezuela presented a request for his extradition in June of 2005, and this remains pending, without the White House attending to it. Posada confessed to the New York Times in 1998 that he had orchestrated a terrorist campaign against hotels and restaurants in Havana which caused the cold-blooded death of Fabio Di Celmo in the Hotel Copacabana, as well as wounding many others.
In previous documents, Posada alleged that everything he did in Latin America, he did “in Washington's name.” He wants the jury, which is to decide whether he is guilty of perjury, to hear all the evidence on March 1st and be made aware of his close relationship with the CIA. He also knows that the more he threatens to reveal about his relations with the CIA, the more those who conceal the skeletons in Washington's closet begin to tremble.
In order to convince Judge Cardone that his relationship with the CIA is relevant to the trial in which he is being accused of being a liar, Posada Carriles' defense is that it was the CIA who taught him how to lie. Hmmmm.
Machetera is a member of Tlaxcala, the international network of translators for linguistic diversity. This translation may be reprinted as long as the content remains unaltered, and the author and translator are cited.
Advertisements
The 2014 Chicago Marathon is Sunday. View Full Caption Flickr/pntphoto
NEAR WEST SIDE — Volunteer Chicago Marathon course marshals are still needed in a handful of Near West Side neighborhoods.
Prospective volunteers can still apply to help out during the race Sunday in Pilsen and the West Loop. While course marshal opportunities in most of the city's 11 neighborhoods are closed, volunteers are also needed in the South Loop and Chinatown, according to the marathon website.
Course marshals are stationed along the marathon route to keep the course clear of any spectators, pedestrians, bikes and cars to ensure wheelchair athletes and runners aren't interfered with.
Those interested in volunteering can apply online. Preference is given to residents who live in the neighborhood in which they wish to assist, according to race organizers.
Volunteers must:
• Be 18 or older
• Be able to stand for at least four hours on race day
• Be knowledgeable about local streets and their neighborhood
Volunteer course marshals will meet at Kristoffer's Cafe, 1733 S. Halsted St., in Pilsen and at Fairlife, 1001 W. Adams St., in the West Loop. Volunteer check-in times depend on location.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Oklahoma runestone is impressive but not from Vikings, Swedish scholar says
Monday, May 4, 2015 | By Josh Wallace, Staff Writer
At right: Henrik Williams examines the Poteau and Shawnee stones at the Le Flore County Museum in Poteau. Photos provided Mark Kinders - Photo by Mark Kinders, UCO
Monday, May 4, 2015 | By Josh Wallace, Staff Writer
A Swedish scholar who does not think the Heavener runestone was created by Vikings says the state should nonetheless be proud of being the runestone capitol of the nation.
Henrik Williams, a professor of Scandinavian languages at Uppsala University, discussed whether it is likely ancient seafarers made their way to Oklahoma centuries ago in a presentation last week at the University of Central Oklahoma.
Williams has studied runestones for more than 30 years throughout Europe and the United States. Runes are the letters of ancient alphabets used in northern Europe, first seen about 100 A.D.
“So why does a professor travel all the way from Sweden to Oklahoma? Well there's a very simple reason, we have runic descriptions all over Sweden and you have them here, too,” Williams said. “It's fascinating because Oklahoma happens to be the place in the United States with the greatest concentration of runestones, so you should be proud of that.”
Williams presented findings on several stones found in Oklahoma and one in Texas, but mostly talked about the Heavener runestone.
“This is probably one of the most impressive runic memorials, monuments, in the entire world. I have seen more than a thousand myself, and I would rate this among the top 20 without doubt, the sheer monumentality of this piece is astounding ... this is a 12 foot high rock and more than 12 feet wide,” he said.
The stone, uncharacteristically large for a runestone, has eight runes carved into it. The letters when translated into English read GNOMEDAL or GNLOMEDAL, which have been interpreted to mean Gnome Valley, G. Nomedal, or the phrase Williams prefers, Little Valley.
Williams said the runes date to those used in the earliest of four runic systems known as the Elder Futhark. The system was used from roughly 100 to 700 A.D., predating the first Vikings by at least 50 years.
“One thing I can tell you for sure, and I'm sorry to say this … but this is not a Viking runestone,” Williams told the audience at UCO. “Whatever it is, it is not a Viking runestone, for the simple reason that there weren't any Vikings around before 700, and they were there between say 750 and 1,100.”
Heavener's Chamber of Commerce manager, Melinda Vallantine, has heard Williams speak and did not agree with his findings. She said other people have been coming to study the runestone since the 1950s and think it is from the Viking period.
Vallantine said she was somewhat disappointed with the presentation and thinks Williams should continue researching the stone before saying it was a 19th century creation.
Williams said dating runestones is nearly impossible, so it is important to know when the discovery was first recorded. The earliest credible account is from 1923, when a man from the Heavener area wrote to the Smithsonian seeking information.
Williams said there are accounts of the stone being seen as far back as the mid-1800s, but no credible evidence to back up the claims. He also cited the lack of archeological evidence of habitation by 6th century Europeans as problematic to the stone being created at the time the runic system was used, and there are no records of Europeans coming to America in that period.
Williams said a book about runes published in the 1860s gives way to the possibility that someone living in Oklahoma in the 1870s could have used that knowledge to create the runestone.
Other runestones in state
Williams also discussed the Turley Hill runestone, the Poteau runestone and the Shawnee runestone during lecture in Edmond.
He said the Turley Hill stone has symbols carved in it, but is not a runestone because a runic inscription has to have at least two runes carved and the stone has only one.
Two boys hunting for snakes found the Shawnee stone in the late 1960s. Williams said it has five definite runes, but he does not think it dates to the era when the runic system was in use. He said Gloria Farley, a Heavener native who spent decades researching runestones, said it was very improbable, “but anything written in runes is worth an investigation.”
“The Poteau stone, I can't say much about it. It was found, again, by two boys. I don't know why all your stuff is found by two boys,” Williams joked.
He said the Poteau inscription appears to be modern, tool markings are still visible, and he would expect that if it were from the period, the stone would appear more weathered and the tool markings would have faded.
Williams said as a scientist he deals in probability, not possibility, and when people ask him if something is genuine, he cannot give them a yes or no answer.
“I would say that if something is 90 percent or 99 percent probable, that's what you usually go with, isn't it? I cannot prove that any of these stones are modern, but probabilities speak in favor of them being not ancient, that's my conclusion as a scientist based on the evidence we have now.”
Rick Sattre, president of the Scandinavian Club of Oklahoma, asked Williams if he considered the runestones as being real. Williams replied that since they contain runes, they are real, even if they were not created centuries ago.
“To me that does not make them any less real runestones, it just makes them more modern. The Heavener runestone, no matter what it is, is this fantastic monument, and the story behind it is every bit as mysterious, because explaining it as a late product is very difficult,” Williams said.
Valentino Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo's long and patient wait for Yamaha to deliver a full seamless shift gearbox looks certain to end next week.
Yamaha's seamless shift gearbox has only operated on upshifts since it was first introduced at the Misano round back in September 2013.
Ever since that moment, Rossi and Lorenzo have piled pressure on Yamaha to have the seamless transmission work on downshifts too, meaning they don't have to use the clutch when changing down gears.
Rossi and Lorenzo believe a full seamless shift system will help them combat Honda's RC213V, which excels in braking stability and corner entry.
Both have always believed Honda's full seamless gearbox has given double MotoGP world champion Marc Marquez and HRC teammate Dani Pedrosa a key advantage on corner entry.
Yamaha didn't roll out the full seamless gearbox during the recent opening test session of 2015 at the Sepang track in Malaysia.
But Yamaha boss Lin Jarvis has given a huge hint that the full seamless transmission will be available for Rossi and Lorenzo when winter testing resumes back in Sepang next Monday (February 23).
Speaking to MCN about improvements to the factory YZR-M1 ahead of the season opening night race in Qatar on March 29, Jarvis said: “The seamless downshift system is planned to arrive in the near future. And that will certainly help. It will arrive ASAP.”
Asked by MCN if the ‘near future' specifically meant Sepang 2, Jarvis added: “I think it should be a realistic scenario. What is important with the gearbox is you can't afford to make mistakes because you are talking about rider safety. This is something paramount to Yamaha that whatever we bring we are 100% confident with it.”
INT. WAITINGROOM. DAY.
The room wasn't very large; there was an espresso machine in one corner and ten chairs lining two walls. Several women were seated, some nervously looking at the script in their hands, a couple glancing out of the corner of their eyes at the others and one with a bored expression flicking through a magazine. All of them were young, none of them older than twenty three. A woman with a clipboard entered through one of the room's two doors, scanned her list of names, and called out,
“Cynthia Tomes?”
The girl put the magazine in her purse, rose and followed the woman and the clipboard back out through the door.
The door opposite opened hurriedly and a girl rushed in. She was patently out of breath. Everyone looked up at her. Blushing, she closed the door behind her quietly and then slipped over to a chair in the corner.
She was pretty with a slight frame and small features, her hair was smooth and a rich red. She had non-descriptive blue eyes with dark eyebrows and lashes. She'd pulled her hair into a ponytail in a desperate attempt to save time before rushing out the door and pulled on a brown jean blazer to hide her wrinkled shirt.
The door opened again and the woman and clipboard reappeared. “Holly Woods?”
The newcomer leapt up. “Present!”
The woman looked over her clipboard at her. “This way.” She waved towards the doorway.
Running a hand along the top of her head, as if smoothing her hair, Holly hurried past the woman. She found herself in a large room. There was a long couch at one side and several armchairs next to it. A camera was placed along the other side. Sitting on the couch were two men and in one of the arm chairs a thin, woman, with grey-speckled hair and a clipboard of her own.
The younger of the two men smiled at Holly and indicated one of the chairs. She sat down.
“Miss Woods,” the man said with a smile, “I'm Abel George, the director. It's a pleasure to meet you. Kate,” he gestured towards the woman, “Has told us so much about your previous audition. I can without hesitation say I know exactly who she's rooting for.”
Holly shot a small smile in Kate's direction.
“And this,” continued Abel, gesturing to the man beside him, “Is Victor McCall. He's one of our producers.”
“It's good to meet you,” murmured Holly.
McCall was older. He looked somewhere in his sixties. He wore a three-piece suit, had grey hair and a lined face. He smiled back.
“What Kate's told us about you already has us very excited,” continued Abel. “I have a couple of quick questions before we go ahead if that's alright.”
“What would you like to know?”
“Looking at your resume here you don't have a whole lot of experience; a couple of commercials and I don't see any acting training on here. Is that correct?”
Holly shifted nervously and nodded. “I've been taking classes since coming out to LA, so for about six months, but my interest in acting is fairly new.”
“Okay,” Abel nodded to himself. “Well the character we're interested in you for is Katie Woodward. She's very young, very naïve. The fact that you haven't done a lot of acting might work in your favor here. Are you at all familiar with the book?”
Holly nodded. “I read it after the last audition.”
“Great, well here's the script for the boat scene. I'll go over it with you once. I'll read Charley's part, and then we'll do the screen test.”
**********
INT. HALLWAY. DAY.
Holly hurried down the hall, a spring of excitement in her step. That had gone well. That had gone really well. That had gone fantastically. Can't get your hopes up though, she reminded herself sternly, they were really positive but there are a whole bunch of other girls coming after you, any one of who might-
“Miss Woods!”
Holly turned around. Victor McCall was hurrying down the hall after her.
“Is something wrong?” she asked worried.
“No. Actually that was a very good audition. Both Abel and myself were extremely pleased.”
“Oh. Thank you.”
“I wanted to talk to you. I was very impressed by your performance in there.” He reached into his inside pocket and pulled out a business card. “I think you've got a lot of talent.”
“Really?” asked Holly, frowning.
“You don't have to look so surprised,” he laughed, “You're a very good actress.”
“Really?” She felt a leap of excitement somewhere in the vicinity of her chest.
“Yes,” He shook his head with a chuckle, “Here, my card. If it were just up to me, you'd be our Katie Woodward, without a doubt. And I'm going to push for you.”
“You are? Thank you,” said Holly, stunned.
“I can't guarantee you the part. I can just guarantee what I'm going to say. I've given Abel most of the say on cast and can't really force anything on him now and there are a couple of other people who'll be giving their input. However if they do decide to go in a different direction, I've got quite a few irons in the fire at the moment and can already think of a number of parts you'd be perfect for. Would you be interested?”
“Are you serious? Of course I'd be interested!” Impulsively she hugged him and then instantly drew back, blushing. “I'm sorry. That's just so fantastic to hear! You're wonderful!”
He chuckled again and shook his head. “Nothing fantastic about it. It's all you. So take my number, I already have yours on your resume, how about I call you later today and we can arrange dinner plans for tonight? I'd love to talk about your career with you.”
“You would?” Holly looked down at his business card. “I can't believe it. This is just…wow. Completely unexpected.”
“I'll call in a couple of hours when I'm done here. I should get back now. I'll see you later tonight.” He turned and walked away. Left alone Holly studied the business card for another five minutes and then hastily finding a nearby restroom, took a moment to flip out in excitement.
Please note that the button for the next chapter is always down below the ‘Share This' and ‘Related Links'. Thanks for reading!
Advertisements
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) says she's not running for president.
Her office says she's focused on her Senate reelection bid.
But she has the public schedule of a future presidential candidate.
Warren will speak Sunday to the NAACP in Detroit, and next month she will deliver the keynote address to an annual gala held by EMILY's List, which aims to elect female candidates who support abortion rights.
ADVERTISEMENT
Both groups represent important Democratic constituencies, and the NAACP speech will bring Warren to Michigan, a key swing state President Trump wrested from Democrats last year.
Warren, who is running for reelection in 2018, raised $5.2 million in the first quarter, more than any other member of the Senate.
She has also released a new book, “This Fight is our Fight,” which she touts as being about the battle to save the middle class. It's the kind of book one would expect to see from a presidential candidate.
Warren is in the midst of a publicity tour for the book, which ended last week at number four on Amazon's best-seller list.
She has held four town hall-type events in the past six weeks, and conducted lengthy interviews with talk show host Charlie Rose and New Yorker editor David Remnick.
In an interview with MSNBC's Rachel Maddow on Wednesday, Warren said she was not running for president in 2020.
But political experts say Warren nonetheless appears to be building toward a potential run if she changes her mind.
“She senses the time is right. There's a fired-up base and the base is very kindly disposed for her,” said Ross K. Baker, a political scientist at Rutgers University, who recently served as a Senate fellow.
“It keeps her in the eye of the party base,” he said. “It's a long way off until the late winter or spring of 2020. It's good to get a good start on it. There are people who in the past who started early and created an almost unstoppable momentum.”
Warren, 67, hired Kristen Orthman last month to join her political operation. Orthman served as a senior advisor to former Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (Nev.), who has urged Warren to run for president.
A Democratic strategist who worked for one of the 2016 presidential campaigns said Warren appears to be testing her national political brand.
“It certainly seems like she's testing the waters to see if she could put together the kind of enthusiasm that would allow one to run for president,” said the source, who requested anonymity in case he ends up working on another national campaign.
Tad Devine, a Democratic strategist who worked on Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's (I-Vt.) 2016 presidential campaign, said he doesn't know what Warren is planning. But he said someone hoping to run for the White House needs to start early.
Sanders road-tested his message nationally in 2014 when he traveled to California, New Hampshire, North Carolina, South Carolina and Mississippi.
“If you're going to run for president, the more visibility you get the better. Raising money is critically important,” Devine said.
Warren has been seen as a leading candidate for the Democratic nomination in 2020.
She got a huge boost in publicity early this year, when Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) rebuked her on the Senate floor for criticizing now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE over his record on race.
Warren was stopped mid-speech while reading a 30-year-old letter from Coretta Scott King, the widow of slain civil rights hero Martin Luther King Jr., that protested Sessions's earlier nomination to a federal court.
McConnell gave Warren a rallying call when he said that she had been warned for breaking Senate rules by criticizing Sessions, who at the time was also a senator, yet “nevertheless, she persisted.”
The phrase quickly spread on social media and turned Warren into a symbol of the resistance to Trump, something that has energized the Democratic Party's liberal base. Warren ended up doing 27 separate interviews the day after the Senate rebuke.
Republicans say they would love to make Warren the national face of the Democratic Party, arguing that she's too far left for most of the country.
“Having the most liberal member of the U.S. Senate from Massachusetts run in the Democrat primary and be the Democrat nominee would not make me unhappy,” said Chip Saltsman, a GOP strategist who managed former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee's 2008 presidential campaign.
“If an Elizabeth Warren type is the nominee, Democrats write off whole regions of the country automatically,” he added, pointing to 2020 swing states North Carolina and Virginia as states that would likely go Republican if Warren ran.
Trump told Fox News in an interview last month that Warren's nomination would be “a dream come true,” predicting that “she would lose so badly” in the general election.
In a meeting with several centrist Senate Democrats at the White House in February, Trump urged them to “go ahead, run Pocahontas against me,” making a disparaging reference to Warren's claim that she is part Native American, according to a Democratic source familiar with the meeting.
But not all Republicans are so quick to dismiss Warren.
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) warned supporters last week that she could beat Trump if he fails to enact his agenda of reforming healthcare and the tax code.
Despite the GOP trash talk, Warren's allies note that she has among the highest approval ratings of any politician, with a better favorable to unfavorable ratio than Trump.
Warren has an average favorable rating of 37.6 percent and an average unfavorable measure of 33.3 percent, according to The Huffington Post's poll tracker. By comparison, Trump has an average unfavorable rating of 52.3 percent and a favorable rating of 42.9 percent.
Two Democratic heavyweights score higher than Warren: Sanders, with a 55.7 average favorable rating, and former Vice President Joe Biden Joseph (Joe) Robinette BidenBannon: 'Zero' doubt Trump will run for reelection Bernie is back with a bang — but can he hold on to his supporters? Klobuchar backs legalizing marijuana MORE, who has a 55.6 percent approval rating.
But Biden is 74 and Sanders is 75, which raises questions about whether they'd run for the White House in 2020.
It could be argued that Warren is just gearing up for reelection in Massachusetts — a race expected to be a slam dunk — or that she is jockeying to become a guiding voice of the party, like Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (N.Y.) or House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.).
But even as Warren told Maddow she wasn't running for the White House, she admitted that she wouldn't want to talk about it if she were.
A man in Bihar was bitten by a venomous snake. After he was bitten by the snake, the man bit his wife in the wrist.
The man's last wish was to die together with his wife, and to make it happen, he tried his best but the woman was luckily saved by doctors.
However, the man died, according to a Gulf News report. The incident happened in Samastipur district on Saturday.
TILL SNAKE BITE DO US APART
Resident of Birsingpur village -- Shankar Rai -- was asleep when a lethal snake bit him. Upon waking up, he found his condition deteriorating and suddenly turned emotional.
When Shankar realised that he won't make it through, he went up to his wife Amiri Devi and bit her hands saying that he loved her very much and wanted to depart this world together.
After Shankar bit his wife Amiri, both fell unconscious.
THE LAST WISH
Soon the couple was rushed to a local hospital where Shankar died soon but the doctors managed to save Amiri.
"The woman could be saved as her treatment began on time. She is safe now," a local medical practitioner Dr Jaykant told the local media on Monday.
According to Amiri Devi, her husband dug his teeth into her wrist. He wished to die together and also wanted to remain united even in afterlife, but his last wish wasn't fulfilled.
"He told me he loved me too much and want to die together before grabbing my wrist and sinking his teeth into it. I allowed him to do so," the woman told the media.
FYI || Watch: Rat becomes snake's snack after serpent comes out of AC to eat the rodent ||
FYI || Watch: Deadly python swallows man, police cuts open snake's stomach to retrieve his body ||
What do you think of Atlético's season so far?
Exciting. That's the word, because the fans are excited with the team's game. We're all over the moon with this Atlético. You can say that all the players are united and Simeone has been able to convince them that the group takes precedence over the individual. As I said, over the moon.
Why?
I think there's a way of playing which means each player is committed to the good of the group. And Atlético is in my opinion the most hard-working team in the Spanish league.
That says a lot about the work of Simeone.
Atlético put on pressure really well; they don't give their opponents time with the ball at their feet and they have lots of strategic moves. In terms of defence as well as attack, everybody is committed to the team and that's central. There are very few things about their game that are left to chance.
This team has certain similarities with the one which won the double.
I don't like to compare things. We're talking about different times, different players, different moments. There may be links between us but I also see some major differences in terms of the style: our team were pioneers in some things, for example in that we were in our opponents' half 80% of the time. Today's Atlético aren't. Simeone's team gets back without leaving openings and they play really well on the counter, which is also useful. They have a very smooth and well-worked transition from defence to attack.
But regarding commitment, and strategic moves, Antic's Atlético and Cholo's Atlético have a lot in common...
I love what Atlético are doing with their strategy. You can see that the coaching staff are working hard, because they have lots of studied and planned moves. They've won points like that and they haven't let any go. At the end of the season that'll be evident in the standings. It makes a difference.
Another similarity lies in the fact that now, after a long time, Atlético has goal scorers in midfield, people that can cause danger. As was the case in your team with Caminero, Vizcaíno, Pantic and Simeone himself.
It's true. In my time the only player who didn't score as the goalkeeper, Molina. And that's very positive for a team. At the moment everybody's talking about Raúl Garcia, and saying he's a player than can provide a lot. But it's not only him; Koke has also improved a lot. All the players, in general, are in much better form than a year ago. Simeone is sharing the workload out well in the Europa League and the Liga and the players are responding perfectly.
Will Atlético hold on?
That depends on many things. They have some tough mountains to climb, that's clear. But this is a fantastic time for them.
Do Atlético have the team to win the Liga?
I'll just say that there's no reason to doubt this team. I'm not going to do that. Everybody's commitment is at the maximum and when that happens there's the chance to do anything. The current situation doesn't give rise to question marks about the team's goals. And this Atlético aren't inferior to anybody. A match can be lost, but not the bid. I think that, just like in our time, you can see a lot of ambition in the squad. I look at these footballers and I remember the ones from my team; all of them are hungry. Also, confidence is sky-high, there's an enormous conviction in everything they do and in each match they play.
Something similar happened with the double-winning Atlético. Everybody expected them to fall, but in the end they didn't and they were champions.
It's true. It was said that we'd lose. Every week we heard the same, that in the end we'd give way. But we didn't.
Everyone can't stop talking about Falcao.
I think it's understandable because of his work, besides the amazing number of goals he scores.
Thanks to Indy Mon, here is a picture of both Promos for Trinity War Month 1!
First off: That art is from the actual Trinity War comics and looks AWESOME!
…Unfortunately the art is the best thing I like about these.
Superman, Trinity War
5(Shield), Max: 4
When Superman would be KO'd, instead put him in your Used Pile. Pandora's Box, Trinity War
3 Energy, Use: 3 (Basic Action)
When your Characters are blocking or are blocked by Villains those dice get +1A and +1D until the end of turn.
Global: Pay (Shield). Target character gains the Villain affiliation
Alright, so we now have another “character is now a Villain” global out in the wild coupled with an action die effect that you may not use but once a game. If I was playing in an “Heroes vs Villains” event, I could see myself using this action. Outside of that, I can't see this being something I would ever put in my Basic Action slot.
As for Superman…I don't really like him, either. He's a beefy 5 Cost, but without the Justice League affiliation, it just kind of falls under “meh.” If he had the Justice League affiliation, he would definitely be my go-to Superman for JL teams. Aquaman could make him a 4 cost, Wonder Woman could make him field for less, he could make that entire team pretty competitive.
Of course these are first impressions and playtesting could make me have different thoughts. What're your thoughts on the Trinity War Month One promo?
Advertisements
Miami Heat forward Amar'e Stoudemire arrived at the practice court for Media Day in his newest jersey that took a while to get adjusted to.
While making the rounds for interviews and photo shoots, he laughed about how he didn't even get a chance to warm up or practice before throwing out the first pitch at a recent Miami Marlins game. Encouraged to name the worst dresser on the Heat team, he joked that it was Dwyane Wade and buried his face in his large hands.
But when it was time to discuss his reasoning behind joining the Heat and sacrificing a significant amount of money to sign a veteran minimum deal, he turned serious.
"I think, for one, the organization has been known to be a really good organization," he said. "It's a warm welcoming type of organization that makes you comfortable. Everything is run very organized and professionally. With me also being from Florida, it made it that much easier for me to sign here."
Still just 32 but with 13 years of NBA experience after he was drafted out of high school, Stoudemire is also looking forward to mentoring the younger players on the team and being there for them if they're seeking advice.
He sees a lot of promise in Hassan Whiteside, who he'll back up from time to time as well as play alongside, and wants to help him reach his potential.
"Any time you're a young player who has a lot of potential, there's a lot of upside," Stoudemire said. "So for him, it's about really being able to focus on a consistent basis to allow him to become a better player."
With no promise of a big role or heavy minutes, Stoudemire insists he's here to help the team in any capacity they see fit.
"Whatever it takes for us to win," he said. "I think we have a pretty good roster. We have guys that can do a lot. I think it's about us being able to put these pieces to the puzzle together and see what we can do this season."
To that end, he believes this team can compete but still has plenty of work to do.
"Every team thinks they're a championship team," he said, "until you get out there on the basketball court and then you start to see if guys can play together and see if everyone can gell. On paper, yes, it's about us staying healthy and it's about us actually playing together and playing with a sense of urgency."
Excited about joining forces again with point guard Goran Dragic, he explains that they have been good friends since they're playing days together with the Phoenix Suns and that he had no doubt Dragic would one day be a great player. With Dragic re-signing in Miami, Stoudemire knew it would be a good opportunity for him as well.
"If he was to stay in Phoenix, I was thinking about going back to Phoenix," Stoudemire said. "But when he came to Miami, I knew he had a great chance to play alongside some veteran players that was going to help him. And then once I took a look at the roster here, it just made more sense to sign with the Heat. Goran and I have been friends for a long time so it's great that we can continue the relationship."
He also made no secret about his love for the city of Miami.
"The beaches are always intriguing, the lifestyle is more relaxing and the whole history of Miami is great," he said. "Miami is known as the best city in Florida. I'm sure the Orlando, Jacksonville and the Tampa areas are going to be a little shaken by that but it's true. Miami is a beautiful city so there's a lot to love about Miami."
Description
The Abominable Mr Tinkler presents F-lithium – ‘2001 Grands Classiques' – 320KBPS MP3
“…Rumoured to be cut in the aftermath of one of the most sensational tours of lecture halls in the UK, ‘2001 Grands Classiques' has now surfaced after being lost for well over a decade.
The recordings of ‘2001 Grands Classiques' are thought to have been made during a period spent researching the effects of imbibing peculiar chemicals and sleep deprivation, likely leading to the feelings of paranoia and morbid curiosity one senses whereupon hearing it. These recordings make for an unusual listen; classical string quartets collide with bubbling analogue synthesizers whilst wild winds blow and stuttering distorted percussive sounds crash and appear to tear through the space-time continuum.
These works are a far cry from his previous appealing collection of popular ballads – they seem to be a calling, a yearning for something away, far away. And they are also, I believe, an audible milestone on his path to the eclectic din we now refer to as The Abominable Mr Tinkler…”
Reference points: Ambient • Breakbeat • Breakcore • Downtempo • Electro • Glitch • IDM • Industrial • Noise • Techno
Track List You Will Be Alone Always and Then You Will Die [05:26] Chapter in the Desert [08:24] The Great Red Shark [06:21] The Nightmare Room [06:43] A Road to Survival & Extinction [07:56] I Know You Are Dead and I Think I Am Dead Too [05:44] More Info Artist: The Abominable Mr Tinkler presents F-lithium
Title: 2001 Grands Classiques
Cat: BADmpfree033
Format: 320kbp MP3
Released: 25 December 2014
Design: Mr Tinkler
There are no sirens when the call comes in. No alarms or shouting. Just a calm voice over the radio in the darkness of the cabin: “All stations, all stations.”
Then it's only belt buckles clanging and zippers being pulled as everyone hurries in silence to get dressed. The ship's rhythmic engine roars to life as it heads toward its target.
It's 6 a.m. on the Vos Hestia, a Save the Children migrant rescue ship operating in the Mediterranean Sea. We arrived in the search and rescue zone in international waters, 12 miles off the coast of Libya, at dusk the previous evening to patrol an area where this year more than 2,400 people have died trying to reach Europe.
These first subdued moments belie what is to follow. Over the next 12 hours, more than 1,000 people will be pulled from the sea on to three rescue ships.
The Vos Hestia would take on 635 people — its largest rescue to date at the time.
The first boat
A rubber boat filled with migrants awaits rescue in the Mediterranean. Credit: Richard Hall/PRI
The buildup to this rescue has been longer than most. It takes a couple of days to reach the search and rescue zone from Italy, where the ship is based. But a stop in Malta for ship repairs means the crew has been on board for nearly two weeks.
Among them are nurses, child psychologists, translators and rescuers. Some are here for the first time. Others know what to expect.
There has been a sense of restlessness on the ship, and something like relief when the moment finally arrives.
When the call comes in, the crew moves quickly through the narrow hallways and steep steps in the belly of the ship, through the engine room and onto the deck.
In the early morning light, the faint haze of the Libyan coast appears on the horizon. Through the binoculars, a white inflatable boat with a few dozen people on board comes into view.
This type of boat is becoming more common. Smugglers used to favor a sturdier wooden variety. But the coast guards of Libya and Italy frequently destroy migrant boats after capturing them. The smugglers have replaced them with cheaper, deadlier inflatable boats.
A winch lowers one of the Vos Hestia's lifeboats and four of the crew step aboard. Three are part of the ship's permanent crew. The fourth is a cultural mediator with Save the Children, the charity that runs the rescue operation. Another lifeboat follows.
The Vos Hestia's engines slow to a hum and the lifeboats are deployed.
The word comes back that women and children are on board.
The moment the two boats meet is jarring for rescuers and rescued alike. It's the start of something that the aid workers have trained for and rehearsed repeatedly. For the migrants, it's a signal that the worst part of their journey is coming to an end.
The relief can be overwhelming. Some people surge toward the lifeboat to hasten the end of their ordeal. Boats have been known to capsize at such times.
As the lifeboat approaches the rubber dinghy, Marya Al Nawakil, a cultural mediator with Save the Children, shouts through her megaphone:
"Stay calm, sit down, women and children first.”
Most on board are from Bangladesh. They look incredibly tired and don't immediately react when the boat approaches. One of the rescuers throws a rope.
A woman climbs awkwardly onto the raised inflatable side next to the lifeboat and shimmies across. She slumps down at the front of the boat. The first rescue has been made.
A crying child follows, their teeth chattering in the cold morning air. The crew shouts for the child's mother. She clambers over and collapses into the boat. As they set off in the direction of the Vos Hestia, she points to the sky, thanking God.
6:30 a.m.
Back on the Vos Hestia, an expectant crew receives the first group. The women climb aboard the deck and collapse into the arms of the staff. Aid workers hand them a backpack with food, water and a blanket, and show them to a space to sit.
It takes two hours to transfer everyone from the dinghy to the ship. Eighty-four people are rescued.
It's unusual for a boat to be out on its own. Smugglers usually send them out in batches to reduce the chance they are caught.
But close to two hours after the first call came in, the morning is still again. There is even some discussion about whether we will begin the two-day journey back to port in Italy.
Staff busy themselves with attending to the rescued migrants. Schedules are worked out at a short team meeting. Breakfast is served.
The calm lasts for about an hour. Then, out of the clear blue sea, the rush arrives.
9 a.m.
“All stations, all stations, all stations. We've received information about possibly 10 boats currently within Libyan territorial waters. We are proceeding to the position, along with [the ships] Aquarius and Iuventa. ETA is about one from now, repeat, one hour from now, about 10 a.m.”
That call comes over the radio from Gillian Moyes, the leader of the rescue operation aboard the Vos Hestia. For the second time this morning, the ship's engines roar into action. Moyes says there could be as many as 1,000 people in need of assistance.
It becomes clear that this will be no ordinary rescue.
Two other rescue ships are heading toward migrant boats: Aquarius, a ship chartered by Doctors Without Borders, and Iuventa, run by a German youth organization called Jugend Rettet (meaning “youth to the rescue”).
9:50 a.m.
The team huddles as we approach the rescue zone.
Moyes, the team leader, says she thinks the Vos Hestia won't go over capacity.
The prediction will turn out to be incorrect.
On deck, the 84 people rescued earlier in the morning are being briefed on what is to come. They are bleary-eyed and dazed, and many of them are trying to sleep. But now they must make space for a few hundred more people. The atmosphere changes. Their relief gives way to sturdiness. They had allowed themselves to let go and now they must wake themselves again.
The same is true of the crew. Myriam Abdel-Basit, one of Save the Children's cultural mediators, is preparing to go out on a lifeboat for the first time this rescue.
“It's always quite nerve-wracking, because you don't know what the situation is going to be like and it's always pretty unpredictable. But, yeah, you have to do it, our main focus is to bring them back to the ship safely. As long as that focus is in place, it should happen soon enough,” Abdel-Basit said.
Boats come into view
10:15 a.m.
A gathering of boats comes slowly into view, all apparently unsure of their direction. There are five migrant boats, three rescue ships (including ours) and a number of smaller unidentified boats.
As we move closer, we can see the rubber boats are packed with people. It's a chaotic scene.
The radio crackles again.
“We are lowering the ribs now and beginning rescue operations,” Moyes says.
With so many boats in need of help, all three ships coordinate their efforts. Each ship takes a boat.
A Save the Children dinghy reaches one of them and radios in that there are 130 people on board, including one woman.
A lifeboat approaches the Vos Hestia after making a rescue. Credit: Louis Leeson / Save the Children
A small Libyan coast guard boat, with four armed men on board, is circling the scene. Its presence worries some of the crew. A few days before we set out to the rescue zone, footage emerged of a Libyan coast guard ship harassing and nearly crashing into another rescue ship. The coast guard has frequently taken boats full of migrants back to Libya, where they are treated as criminals and held in detention centers that are rife with torture.
The crews move fast, transferring people from the unsafe inflatable boats to the Vos Hestia. Each lifeboat can carry around 12. It takes half an hour to bring the first two groups onto the ship.
11:15 a.m.
The main deck of the ship assumes a businesslike pace — something like an assembly line. Migrants board the boat, are searched, checked for injuries, given backpacks and directed to sit down.
Everyone is so busy on deck that they don't see the other boats arrive. They seem to appear out of nowhere. All of a sudden, the sea is filled with vessels of all shapes and sizes. More migrant boats come into view, along with what appear to be smuggler boats with one or two people on board.
A larger Libyan coast guard vessel also arrives at the scene. A soldier is manning a large machine-gun at the front of the ship.
12 p.m.
The chaos is taking its toll on those being rescued. The midday sun is beating down and, with so many boats in the area, no one is sure when they will be picked up.
A woman being transferred on to the Vos Hestia is slumped in the lifeboat, barely conscious. The rescue crew struggles to lift her to the ladder, they drop her and she slumps again. Finally, a stretcher is lowered into the lifeboat and she is carried out onto the deck.
A woman collapses in a lifeboat after she is pulled from a dinghy. Credit: Richard Hall / PRI
The crowd of people who have already been rescued watches on.
Three boats full of people have been rescued so far.
Overboard
1 p.m.
One of the rescues has run into trouble. Around six people have fallen into the water near the Vos Hestia and are screaming for help. Other lifeboats rush to pull them from the water, and luckily no one drowns. Many others have died in similar circumstances.
1:19 p.m.
With more than 300 people on board, the covered deck of the Vos Hestia has reached capacity.
The ship's captain decides to start moving people to the front of the boat to make space for more rescues.
As the day progresses, more and more women and children are coming on board.
2 p.m.
The rescues are still ongoing. It's becoming difficult to find space for everyone. Up on the bridge, the captain is in constant contact with the other rescue ships. The front of the Vos Hestia is now full, so people are filling up the sides on all levels.
Migrants at the bow of the ship who were saved hours earlier watch in amazement as the rescues continue. They are left to wonder how it might have ended so differently for them.
2:30 p.m.
Two gunshots ring out. It's unclear which direction they're coming from. Dozens of people are in the water. Lifeboats from all three ships rush to the area and begin pulling people out of the sea.
We learn later that members of the Libyan coast guard had boarded a migrant boat and demanded that they hand over cellphones and wallets. The coast guard had fired shots into the water next to the boat apparently to intimidate the migrants and more than 60 people jumped overboard in panic.
Related: Libya's coast guard is ‘endangering lives' of migrants trying to reach Europe
4:20 p.m.
Almost every space on the ship is now filled with a person rescued from the sea — the deck, the bow and the sides. Those not directly involved with the rescue are moving people around to make space for more.
Migrants rescued from the sea find space on the crowded deck of the Vos Hestia as more people are brought on board. Credit: Richard Hall / PRI
The people rescued from the sea are tired beyond words.
8:30 p.m.
Word comes down from the captain that we are departing for Italy. The rescue is over.
As the sun sets, many are already asleep, others are trying to find a space to do so. The rescued migrants lie down on the deck for the night, wrapped in blankets. The staff find cardboard boxes around the ship and tear them up for people to sleep on.
Some are luckier than others. A spot on the covered deck means a night's sleep. One next to the engine room does not. Near the sides, some are already feeling the spray of the Mediterranean, even as it gets darker and they cannot see it.
10 p.m.
Karen O'Neill, one of Save the Children's nurses, pauses for the first time since she woke up.
“I think it's actually quite hard to process how you feel. You feel absolutely exhausted, but it's a real sense of achievement just knowing that all these people are safe because of us as a team and the alternative is that people could have drowned,” she says.
I ask her if any particular moment stands out to her, and she points to the case of a woman and her kids.
“She's the mother of a small child and a teenage daughter and she couldn't believe that she was out of the water and her children were safe. She just wept and wept and wept."
The way home
It will take two days to reach Italy. The first night brings mercifully calm seas. The rescuers brought 635 migrants aboard the ship. They are asleep now on the deck, their blankets fluttering in the wind.
The next day, as the Vos Hestia reached the southern tip of Italy, 34 migrants drowned in the same stretch of sea from which it had just returned. Many of them were children.
As evening falls, migrants who were rescued from the sea lie under blankets on the deck of the Vos Hestia. Credit: Richard Hall / PRI
Postscript
In August, three months after this rescue, Save the Children halted their operations in the Mediterranean. Doctors Without Borders and Germany charity Sea-Eye also stopped.
They said they felt threatened by the Libyan coast guard's actions at sea after frequent run-ins.
Their decision came after Libya banned foreign, nongovernmental ships from entering the search and rescue zone, in international waters.
Gen. Ayoub Qassem, a spokesman for the Libyan coast guard, said the policy was aimed at “NGOs which pretend to want to rescue illegal migrants and carry out humanitarian actions.”
The charities were already under pressure from an Italian prosecutor who called for an investigation into whether rescue boats were collaborating with people smugglers. The prosecutor said he had no proof of any collaboration. The NGOs deny the accusation.
Rob MacGillivray, Save the Children's operations director, said: "The necessary pause in operations from charity rescue ships like ours and others will undoubtedly put lives at risk.”
Richard Hall reported this story in May on Save the Children's Vos Hestia rescue ship in the Mediterranean.
Produced by Sophie Chou, edited by Alex Leff and Anna Pratt.
Jerome Segura has been tracking tech support scams for a year, documenting the ploys he's encountered. But even this one found him unprepared.
"Combining a phishing scam with a fake tech support call center is something that I'd never seen before," the Malwarebytes senior security researcher told Wired.co.uk. A video of the find shows Segura trying to enter a fake Netflix login on the streaming service's homepage, only to be presented with a notice telling him the account has been suspended, and telling him to call a fake tech support number.
He dutifully called up and was asked to download "Netflix Support Software"—really the remote control software TeamViewer, which allowed the scammer access to his system. Once he had hopped on, the hacker told Segura he'd been hacked. In fact, the scammer said he'd been hacked nine times, with one coming from Serbia, four from Russia, three from China, and one from Italy. It's all part of a tactic to instill fear and get the user to comply, explains Segura. Like when the helpful voice on the other end of the phone showed him a scan of apparent hacker activity—which was really just custom-made Windows batch script.
"By running their own tool, which looks authentic, the crooks can detect 'problems' that do not exist," says Segura. "Finally, showing those scan results adds to the fear factor, as well as creating a sense of urgency to fix the issue."
As well as scraping plenty of personal information from Segura's system, including a file named "banking 2013," the scammers continued by attempting to secure a payment of $389.97 (with a generous $50 Netflix discount) for Microsoft support to fix the problem. (He was repeatedly told that the problem happened because his security software is not up to scratch).
Then comes a little "fixing" after the call is passed on to a technician. This time, it's designed to induce the victim's comfort—"I can also see that these hackers were trying to access some of your personal information like documents and pictures. Do you have any pictures?" asked the helpful hacker, before proceeding to recover them for him.
Perhaps the most bizarre and unusual part, the "Microsoft technician" asked Segura to hold up a photo ID with his credit card information, because they are doing the transaction over the Internet and Microsoft wants to make sure he's the cardholder.
"The Neftlix theme was well thought out—from the suspended account ploy to the discount coupon if you agree to fix the issue, the bad guys have planned their approach in detail," Segura tells us. "Requesting a photo ID, as well as a snapshot of my credit card, was completely novel too. Despite being the untrustworthy ones, it is ironic they are trying to make sure the mark is not playing them. Aside from the fact that it is creepy, it creates a huge identity theft risk."
Although this particular investigation took place in the US, Segura says it will "most likely" also affect users in the UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
"The scammers, usually located in India, are not native English speakers, but it is one of the idioms they know and are comfortable with." Segura tracked the scammers, and they were indeed located in India. "This scam seems relatively fresh; at least the domain they used was registered and updated recently," he adds in a blog post on the investigation.
But how often does a scam like this really work? Surely most people's natural suspicions would be piqued way before they're asked for a photo of their ID. Surprisingly, says Segura, this is not the case.
"Anyone could fall for these scams, although certain people are more vulnerable. The older generations that did not grow up with computers are more susceptible to be social-engineered. The argument about hackers infiltrating your computer is more likely to be won with someone unfamiliar with such technology. Availability is another important factor here. People that work from home or spend the majority of their time at home are often targeted simply because most calls will happen during business hours, when other people will be out working."
Unlike with the Microsoft support call scam Segura uncovered last year, the scammers were generally cordial ("bye asshole" one "technician" signed off the last time around after Segura entered the wrong banking details). But he did not confront them.
"I've learned early on that trying to expose them on the phone is a pointless exercise resulting in a spiral of denial. My goal is to play along, collect as much information as I can while remaining polite in order to build a case against them. They gave themselves away many times, but that's just because I know enough not to be caught off guard."
Check out Segura's Malwarebytes blog here for more information.
Polio in Congo - update
9 November 2010 - 184 cases of acute flaccid paralysis and 85 deaths have been reported from the site of the acute poliomyelitis outbreak centred in Pointe Noire, Republic of Congo. Four cases have been confirmed to have been caused by wild poliovirus type 1 and laboratory testing continues. The majority of the reported cases and deaths have occurred in the population aged over 15 years.
Genetic sequencing has determined that the cases are caused by a poliovirus most closely related to that circulating in neighbouring Angola. Congo had recorded its last case of indigenous polio in 2000.
Nearly all cases have been reported from the port city of Pointe Noire, with cases also reported from Niari (5), Bouenza (2), Brazzaville (1), and Kouilou (2).
The Government of Congo has alerted the public to the outbreak and launched an emergency response plan, with support from key partners, including WHO, UNICEF and the US CDC. The first vaccination response, using monovalent oral polio vaccine type 1 (mOPV1), will start on Friday, 12 November, to cover the whole population of Porte Noire and Kouilou, in conjunction with the neighbouring province of Cabinda in Angola. The rest of Congo will be vaccinated starting 18 November using mOPV1. Two additional nationwide rounds are planned. The number, geographic extent and target age groups of further campaigns will be determined by the Government based on the evolving epidemiology. The multi-country campaign may be further expanded to cover additional bordering at-risk areas. New cases continue to be reported.
Countries across central Africa should strengthen surveillance for cases of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) to rapidly detect any poliovirus importations and facilitate a rapid response. Countries should also address any gaps in polio immunization coverage to minimise the consequences of a poliovirus introduction. As per the recommendations in the WHO publication International Travel and Health, travellers to and from all countries where polio is circulating, including the Republic of Congo and Angola, should be fully protected by vaccination.
Given the recent progress towards polio eradication in Nigeria (98% reduction in cases in 2010 compared to the same period in 2009), rapidly stopping the persistent poliovirus transmission in central Africa (i.e. Angola, DR Congo) and stopping new polio outbreaks such as in Congo, are top international disease control priorities.
For more information
Media seems determined not to point out the major cause of migrant crisis facing the EU is the chaos and misery United States helped introduce to Libya, Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Somalia
The scale of the migrant crisis Europe is facing today cannot be understated. It is truly unprecedented. What is habitually understated, however — and in fact almost completely ignored by mainstream media — are the real roots of the crisis.
The debate around migration into the EU is happening nearly entirely without reference to the causes of the recent influx of migrants from North Africa and the Middle East. The elephant in the room is NATO and nobody really wants to talk about it.
Hundreds of articles, laden down with numbers and proposals and predictions fail to make any direct link between cause and effect. News anchors sit seemingly baffled, mouths agape, at the apocalyptic-like pictures they are seeing land on their desks, and yet few are willing to draw the appropriate conclusions. But it is such a basic and logical connection that it's hard to believe it is not being made very loudly and very persistently.
Maybe it's just that these journalists are so conditioned to framing U.S. and NATO policy in a positive light that the links don't even really occur to them. Or maybe they're simply embarrassed and trying to shift focus from their long-recorded support for various military interventions in these countries.
Either way, the result is that the story is framed in such a way that it makes the timing of the crisis sound almost random. We're witnessing a conversation about how to ‘deal' with boats full of Libyans making their way across the Mediterranean — as if Libya was a country that had just self-imploded yesterday, and for no discernible reason.
A fierce debate is raging over ‘what to do' about these migrants — and in a way that's understandable because that is the more immediate problem — but the debate we really need to be having is about the policies, NATO's policies, which were the catalyst.
Even if Europe unites in formulating a ‘solution' to the problem, it will be nothing more than a bandaid fix because it will only deal with symptom. After all, what's the point in covering your open wound with a bandaid when the guy who cut you is still wielding a knife in the same room? It doesn't take a genius to work out how that story ends.
Whenever the cause is grudgingly mentioned by the media, it is mentioned briefly and abstractly where the author or anchor might refer to “conflict” or make mention of how violence has “reignited” in these countries in recent years and months.
The editors at the New York Times in particular, are big fans of loading all the blame squarely onto Europe's shoulders. Here a Times piece argues that the migrant crisis “puts Europe's policy missteps into focus”. Another piece, from the editorial board, lectures Europe on how to handle the situation.
In April, NATO head Jens Stoltenberg called for a “comprehensive response” to the crisis and promised that NATO would help to stabilize the situation. The alliance's role in “stabilizing” Afghanistan was part of its broader approach to the refugee crisis in the Mediterranean, he said.
That is rich coming from the head of a ‘security' and ‘defensive' alliance which for years has pursued a policy of offensive destabilization in the very regions which people are fleeing from in their hundreds of thousands. But Stoltenberg's comments and NATO's actions are easily decoded by the employment of some basic common sense.
The NATO modus operandi is clear. The pattern, repeated over and over, involves the complete destabilization of a region, to be swiftly followed up with another NATO-led ‘solution' to the problem. When you couple that with the use of spokespeople who are unashamed to feign ignorance and lie blatantly (Jen Psaki, Marie Harf etc.), and a compliant media that will regurgitate the line without question, this is what you get.
The 2011 NATO intervention in Libya was authorized by the United Nations on “humanitarian” grounds and resulted in the deaths of between 50,000 and 100,000 people and the displacement of 2 million. Very humanitarian.
Similarly, after the U.S.-led campaign to destabilize Syria in an effort to topple Bashar al-Assad, facilitating (and even supporting) the rise of ISIS in the region, a staggering 10 million have been displaced (according to Amnesty International) and European countries are left to help pick up the pieces. Germany, for example, has pledged to resettle 30,000 Syrian refugees. Sweden, a non-NATO nation, has taken in similar numbers.
It should be made clear however, that the numbers European countries have taken or pledged to take pale in comparison to the numbers being hosted in other Middle Eastern countries. Lebanon, for example, is hosting 1.1 million Syrian refugees. Jordan is hosting more than 600,000. Iraq hosts nearly a quarter of a million. Turkey hosts 1.6 million.
There is one country that's getting off scot-free in all of this — at least on the Syrian front. That country is the United States. The U.S. has taken in less than 900 Syrian refugees after four years of war. American officials have cited “national security” in their explanations for not yet taking more, although they have said they would like to see the number increase.
Maybe this has something to do with it?
Debate not allowed
There is a second media crime flying under the radar here and it is this: In European countries where the massive influx of migrants from the Middle East and North Africa have caused serious societal divisions, where migrants have failed to assimilate (for a variety of reasons, including both government policies and often radical religious beliefs), Western media will allow no one to talk about it honestly — and woe betide the person who tries.
Take Sweden, where the disease of political correctness is at an even more advanced stage than it is in the rest of Europe. There, any attempt to debate the coherence of a ‘doors wide open' immigration policy is branded as “racist”. A further irony in the Swedish context, is that the country is facing a housing crisis and has nowhere to put most of the people they are pledging to resettle. There's some real forward-thinking, common sense policy for you.
This is a dangerous combination for Europe: An unsustainable influx of migrants, foreign policy which ensures its continuation, a docile media, and an epidemic of political correctness which has infected the entire continent.
Media 101 on the migrant crisis: Talk a lot about migrants, don't mention why they fled and then call anyone who has a problem with it a “racist” — success! Oh, and you get an added bonus if you can somehow link it all to ‘Russian aggression', Vladimir Putin and NATO as a ‘defensive' alliance.
Some European countries are taking a more hardline approach and are getting slammed for it. Hungary, for example, is looking at building a barrier wall along its border with Serbia, similar to barriers along the Greek-Turkish and Bulgarian-Turkish borders. Again, this has sparked accusations of xenophobia and racism from media and political quarters.
But that's part of the game, isn't it? If NATO's war supporters can focus the debate around the idea that anyone who wants to address or critically assess immigration policy is “racist” then we won't have to talk about why the migrants are here in the first place or why they are facing such dire circumstances at home.
Russia Today's Oksana Boyko tried recently, to broach this topic with Peter Sutherland, the UN's special representative on international migration and development, but she got nowhere. She argued that the debate around migration into the EU can't really be had without addressing the essence and heart of the problem, but found that NATO policy is apparently a topic not up for discussion.
Debating Europe's migrant crisis without acknowledging the context in which it has been created it useless. It would be like asking Americans to debate police brutality without talking about race. The two are inescapably interlinked and any ‘solutions' that come from an incomplete debate will ultimately fail.
For now though, it seems Europe will continue to debate this humanitarian crisis in terms of ‘what to do' without addressing the ‘how to stop' and we'll keep running around in a vicious circle.
An easier solution, of course, would be for NATO to put an end to its campaign of destabilization in the Middle East and North Africa, but that would require the acceptance and acknowledgement of some very hard truths.
Adam Stack
Adam Stack kicks at the University of Oregon during an elite kicking event
(Courtesy of Adam Stack/Chris Sailer Kicking)
The Oregon Ducks football program has had its share of ups and downs in the kicking game over the past 10-15 years, but if the recruiting rankings hold true that may soon become an issue of the past.
On Wednesday afternoon, Adam Stack, arguably the nation's top kicker and punter, committed to Oregon over offers from Army, Miami (Fla.), Oregon State, San Diego State and Wisconsin.
"When I visited in June I just had a great relationship with the coaching staff and it felt like the right fit for me walking around campus," he said. "I could really see myself fitting in and being successful at Oregon."
The 6-foot-2, 175-pound kicker/punter, out of Honolulu, Hawaii, is a former soccer star and boasts a career long field goal of 48 yards, but said he is "comfortable from 60" in a practice setting.
Despite the astonishing leg strength, Stack said the recruiting process was arduous, as scholarship offers for kickers aren't as readily available compared to more high-profile positions.
"(You have to be) very, very patient," he said. "It takes awhile for coaches to recruit kickers and a lot of schools don't recruit a kicker every year. You definitely have to be patient. It sucks at times, but when you see your hard work pay off it really means a lot."
Stack is the ninth Oregon football pledge in the class of 2017.
-- Andrew Nemec
anemec@oregonian.com
@AndrewNemec
Shooters and Fishers party likely to win seat
Updated
The head of the WA Shooters and Fishers Party says people's frustration with restrictions on recreational activities has propelled him to a likely victory in the upper house.
With just over half the votes counted, Rick Mazza is on track to secure a seat in the Legislative Council's Agricultural region.
The WA Electoral Commission says the upper house results will not be finalised for at least another week and a half.
Mr Mazza is confident he has secured enough votes to get across the line.
"We only registered the party 14 weeks before election day and were running flat out campaigning for 10 weeks on a shoestring budget," he said.
"The odds were stacked against us but it appears there was enough momentum there."
Mr Mazza says the result was driven by outdoor lovers, annoyed by tough restrictions on activities including hunting and recreational fishing.
"For most people who go into the outdoors to fish or shoot or whatever, the last thing on their mind is politics, they just want to relax," he said.
"But a lot of restrictions have been put on them and I suppose the silent majority has now become quite political.
"We believe that a lot of conservation management, whether that be aquatic or terrestrial, is based on ideology.
"So [although] we're conservationists at heart, we truly believe there are other ways of managing environments without having to lock people out or ban areas."
Mr Mazza points to the party's achievements in New South Wales as evidence it can influence debate and make a difference.
"Even though we might only be a single voice, we certainly want to be a very loud voice," he said.
"In the NSW upper house over the past four or five years, they've held the balance of power, and they've been able to do things like put moratoriums on new marine parks to try and ease restrictions."
He says the party is particularly keen to advocate for changes to firearm laws in WA.
"Over the years, for some reason, firearm owners have been demonised a fair bit but it is in fact one of the safer sports that exists," he said.
"We understand there has got to the regulation, but when that regulation doesn't help public safety and really just makes things very frustrating for firearm owners, then we need to have a look at changes."
In addition to its stance on gun laws and conservation management, the party has strong views on immigration.
The Shooters and Fishers website states the party wants to see a halt on new immigration applications, pending an audit of Australia's natural resources.
It has also called for a referendum to be held to decide on an appropriate population level.
Topics: elections, wa
First posted
“First and foremost, you lead by example. You try to be the type of human being you know they want to become.” Peter Downing On the role of a sobriety coach
Many Canadians learned a new expression this week: “sobriety coach.” At a press conference Tuesday, a man identified as Bob Marier allegedly kicked one of the shirtless protesters heckling Mayor Rob Ford.
Bob Marier, right, is Mayor Rob Ford's new sobriety coach. Experts say the role of a coach often lasts for the first 90 days of an addict's recovery, seen as the most crucial phase. ( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star )
Marier is, indeed, Ford's sobriety coach. So what does he do? And who is he? More at thestar.com: Rob Ford stays seated during World Pride standing ovation
Article Continued Below
Rob Ford ‘disruptive' in rehab, sources say Rob Ford did not defame restaurant owner, appeal court rules Little is known about the mayor's new companion. He has declined frequent requests to speak with reporters at city hall. Media reports have identified him as a recovering cocaine addict and alcoholic from Montreal. Ford's office has confirmed that the mayor has a sobriety coach, but otherwise refused to speak about the elusive Marier. “I'm not going to be commenting on anything to do with the mayor's sobriety coach,” said Ford spokesperson Amin Massoudi. Calls to Councillor Doug Ford, manager of the mayor's re-election campaign, were not answered. But longtime sobriety coaches cast doubt on whether Marier's public behaviour was consistent with the fulfilment of his professional duties.
“That's not how you do it,” said Peter Downing of Cerberus Life Management, referring to the alleged kicking episode. Downing, who is based in California, was a sobriety coach for many years and now matches addicts with other coaches, who are usually recovering addicts themselves.
Article Continued Below
“People I employ have to be in recovery for more than 10 years. They have to be very emotionally mature for that job,” said Downing. The basic job of a sobriety coach is to ensure that clients don't relapse. The best way of accomplishing that, said Downing, is to be a role model. “First and foremost, you lead by example. You try to be the type of human being you know they want to become.” Sobriety coaches can have widely varying levels of involvement in addicts' lives, ranging from 24-hour surveillance to occasional phone calls. “Some people don't need to be watched like a hawk; they just need to know that somebody's nearby,” Downing said. Coaching stints often last for the first three months of an addict's recovery, widely seen as the most important phase, said Addiction Canada operations director Robin Haslam. During those 90 days, he added, there's usually a “very tight agenda” of phone calls and in-person meetings designed to ensure the client stays on the wagon. According to an article on The Fix, an American website focused on addiction, sobriety coaches often charge up to $1,000 a day. “Fees for the most prestigious sober coaches (and the most demanding clients) can top $80,000 a month,” the article reads. The CBC reported last week that Ford is paying Marier, but did not specify the amount. Patty Powers, a Toronto-born sobriety coach now working in New York, said that the helping hand and watchful eye of people like her are indispensable to some addicts. “Some people can't just go crawling into an AA meeting and spill their guts to a bunch of strangers,” Powers said. Still, she added in an email, having the right person for the job is crucial. “You want to be careful when hiring someone … A coach is not a parole officer or bodyguard.”
Exits Escape Room
By now if you have been following the blog, you know we've traveled everywhere to enjoy the fun of escape rooms in Wichita and even the surrounding area.
A new escape room opened up over the weekend at 3833 West 13th Street which is right across the street from the Dillons at 13th and West street.
It's Exits Escape Room.
My brother made the reservation for our group through their website: http://www.exitwichita.com/
The going rate for each person at Exits Escape Room is $25 but we had a $10 off opening weekend promo code we used to make it $15.
There's currently a $5 promo code: FACEBOOK2016 to get you $5 off.
There's also a Groupon here available where it's 2 people for $35, 4 people for $69, 6 people for $99 or 8 people for $129.
Exits Escape Room only has one room right now called, Circus Sabotage. The theme is as follows:
Performers at the local circus are looking to you and your friends for help. Vital props for their acts are suddenly missing, and the prime suspect is Chuckles the Clown. Chuckles threatened to sabotage the circus last night after he was fired for his lack of balloon animal skills. The bearded lady spotted him a little later rummaging through trunks and tents of other performers. She chased him into this area, where he seems to have vanished into thin air with several necessary items. The magician cannot perform magic tricks without a magic wand, the lion tamer will surely be eaten without his whistle, and the juggler can't juggle without his juggling pins. The show is set to start in one hour. Can you and your friends find these props and figure out how Chuckles vanished?
The room allows for up to eight people. If you don't fill the room, you could be paired up with other groups/people. For our escape room day, we filled the room with 8 people consisting of friends and family; most who had all experienced what an escape room is like. Only one person in our group had never tried one before.
When we arrived, the waiting room was pretty small. I'll admit, I was hesitant at how much fun it was going to be. The game operators did say they were still working on the opening and had other changes planned for the business as all their work had been put into perfecting their escape room game.
While explaining the rules, the game operator told us the theme and mentioned that if we needed any help to ask. I never did verify how much assistance one was allowed. I sort of drifted off during the debriefing as I've been through the experience so many times. All I really caught was it was a Circus Theme and we had to find some items and escape the room. I knew I could count on my teammates to fill me in on anything I was missing.
Once they showed us the room, any hesitation and concerns I had disappeared. The way the room looked was amazing and really got everybody's attention.
As with all escape room reviews, I won't go into anything about the room.
We ended up using just one clue on the day and escaped the room around the 49 minute mark!
So what did we think of the room?
Best Escape Room we've done to this point!
Yep, that was deserving of bold face type. Exits Escape Room was so different than any of the rooms we visited in the past. While some of the common themes and puzzles you see in other rooms were a part of it, there was so much more to the room that you just have to go for yourself to see.
Exits Escape Room was very creative in their puzzles with different types of technology used to set them apart from everybody else. When I say technology, you don't need to be tech savvy to figure it all out so don't worry about that. You could tell a LOT of hard work was put into this room. It's not one of those rooms where things are just laid out and hidden. Games have to be played, puzzles have to be solved, it's a lot going on. We wouldn't have got out without each person involved.
Seven of the eight people in our group have all done an escape room and all seven people enjoyed the Circus Sabotage escape room the most.
With the growing number of escape rooms in Wichita, they are going to need to do things different to set each other apart and Exits Escape Room did it perfectly.
I highly recommend you try it out for yourself.
They are only open on the weekends for booking at the moment and after asking them on Sunday, their second room will be ready hopefully in a couple months but I'm sure it'll be worth the wait.
The operators at Exits Escape Room were all friendly and my group all certainly wishes them the best on a successful future.
Book your room now! We can say at this point it's the best in town.
Happy Escaping.
$\begingroup$
Humans do not produce vitamin C due to a mutation in the GULO (gulonolactone oxidase) gene, which results in the inability to synthesize the protein. Normal GULO is an enzyme that catalyses the reaction of D-glucuronolactone with oxygen to L-xylo-hex-3-gulonolactone. This then spontaneously forms Ascorbic Acid (vitamin C). However without the GULO enzyme, no vitamin C is produced.
This has not been selected against in natural selection as we are able to consume more than enough vitamin C from our diet. It is also suggested that organisms without a functional GULO gene have a method of "recycling" the vitamin C that they obtain from their diets using red blood cells (see Montel-Hagen et al. 2008).
A 2008 published study (Li et al. 2008) claimed to have successfully re-instated the ability to produce vitamin C in mice.
Simply as trivia: other than humans; guinea pigs, bats and dry-nosed primates have lost their ability to produce vitamin C in the same way.
References
CosmicSpiral Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 10772 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-27 00:26:22 #1 2013 WCS Golden, We Hardly Knew Ye by CosmicSpiral
Jo “ ” Myeong Hwan, a Korean journeyman best known for emigrating to the NA scene, officially retired after being knocked out of the group stage of
It was a bitter note to close out his last tournament. Golden came in as the least accomplished and venerated competitor, best known for winning Training Grounds: Santa Monica earlier in the year. That luster of that achievement was marred by the lackluster competition; it was a NA-centric event with only 2 Koreans and 1 European invited. Meanwhile Golden had only found middling results between then and Battle Grounds. Time and time again he tried and failed to qualify for WCS America; IEM Shanghai ended in disappointment, falling to Huk and Killer in groups; he tore through all NA competition at MLG Spring only to fall flat against Sound and soO. Even with three weeks of extra training it would have taken a miracle to best the likes of Parting, Bomber, and Scarlett.
His
"But seriously, it's not an easy thing to do. But it's definitely something worth taking one shot at. It's better than giving up at something you want to do, just because of the way other people are going to look at you. It's better to try and regret than not try at all."
- Golden, retirement interview
Originally, his tenure on For Our Utopia and SlayerS was peppered with high points that hinted at possible stardom. He began his career with a near team wipe of Prime in the ZOTAC Team Invitational, followed by good FXO KotH showings and a stellar 12-1 record in IPL Team Arena. But none of this served as a sustainable financial model for the one-man business known as the Korean progamer. Golden could never crack the daunting challenge of the GSL and after losing to Byun in the first season of Code A, he would not return for nine seasons. The online tournament scene in Korea was very small and never got large enough to support those who could not advance through Code B. Golden knew the competition would only get more vicious and that players of his caliber would get little more than scraps. He saw that there was more money in the foreign scene and lots of ways to get access to it. The choice seemed obvious: he left SlayerS and traveled across the ocean.
He spent over a year on LighT and Quantic Gaming before returning to StarTale. This was perhaps the most productive stretch of his year, where his skills translated into high placings. He did not win any big events but he quickly found the consistency that had been missing from his Korean career. Semifinal appearances at HomeStory Cup V and the GIGABYTE eSports Lan Invitational established him as a credible threat in the foreign scene. During that period Golden proved astute at qualifying for big events. He managed to win spots at no less than five major tournaments (HSC V, NASL 4, Iron Squid II, MLG Summer Arena and IEM Katowice) while barely missing out on TSL4. He was Quantic's ace in the hole in the EG Master's Cup and saved them many times from the wrath of European stars like Nerchio.
Those happy times were punctuated with some bitter disappointments as well. During the 2012
While Golden never publicly leveraged his momentary victories into a personality brand, he was one of the most amiable professionals to come from Korea. Unlike many players Golden was always eager to interact with his fans on an individual basis. He delighted in back-and-forth conversations on his stream, especially when attempting to use English. According to his peers in the industry, he was funny and enthusiastic, eager to make new friends in a strange new industry. When he did get rare opportunities to have some extended time on camera, he could make even the
The life of a progamer is hard to endure. In the top-heavy structure of competitive SC2, anonymity is the norm and proper salaries are exclusive to the richest teams. Only the best of the best can carve out a reputation strong enough to survive the test of time. Fans will forever remember Parting's braggadocio and daring execution, sOs' innovative builds, MC chewing up scenery like William Shatner on a sugar binge. Despite all the time and sweat he invested into the game, Golden will not be part of that company. In all likelihood he will fade into obscurity once StarCraft 3 comes out in 2027. Yet in his last interview he seemed perfectly content with the way things turned out. He had finally won his big tournament and in doing so, he had accomplished everything he wanted. Golden was fortunate enough to find his moment in the game he loved to play. He leaves with no regrets.
"Whether it's Korean fans or international fans, thanks to everyone who cheered me on. If I come back somehow, I hope we can meet in a good way. But I think it will be unlikely you see again in esports.
If I do, see you then!
Jo “ Golden ” Myeong Hwan, a Korean journeyman best known for emigrating to the NA scene, officially retired after being knocked out of the group stage of Red Bull Battle Grounds . He was 19.It was a bitter note to close out his last tournament. Golden came in as the least accomplished and venerated competitor, best known for winning Training Grounds: Santa Monica earlier in the year. That luster of that achievement was marred by the lackluster competition; it was a NA-centric event with only 2 Koreans and 1 European invited. Meanwhile Golden had only found middling results between then and Battle Grounds. Time and time again he tried and failed to qualify for WCS America; IEM Shanghai ended in disappointment, falling to Huk and Killer in groups; he tore through all NA competition at MLG Spring only to fall flat against Sound and soO. Even with three weeks of extra training it would have taken a miracle to best the likes of Parting, Bomber, and Scarlett.His unexpected announcement (to outsiders anyway) introduced the fickle element of pride into the equation. What kind of swan song would Golden choose? Eclipsed by the sheer pedigree of his opponents, could he summon the internal fortitude to pull off a monumental upset? As it turned out there would be no opportunity for a dramatic ending. Bomber and Scarlett sent him packing with a 0-4 record in mostly one-sided games.Originally, his tenure on For Our Utopia and SlayerS was peppered with high points that hinted at possible stardom. He began his career with a near team wipe of Prime in the ZOTAC Team Invitational, followed by good FXO KotH showings and a stellar 12-1 record in IPL Team Arena. But none of this served as a sustainable financial model for the one-man business known as the Korean progamer. Golden could never crack the daunting challenge of the GSL and after losing to Byun in the first season of Code A, he would not return for nine seasons. The online tournament scene in Korea was very small and never got large enough to support those who could not advance through Code B. Golden knew the competition would only get more vicious and that players of his caliber would get little more than scraps. He saw that there was more money in the foreign scene and lots of ways to get access to it. The choice seemed obvious: he left SlayerS and traveled across the ocean.He spent over a year on LighT and Quantic Gaming before returning to StarTale. This was perhaps the most productive stretch of his year, where his skills translated into high placings. He did not win any big events but he quickly found the consistency that had been missing from his Korean career. Semifinal appearances at HomeStory Cup V and the GIGABYTE eSports Lan Invitational established him as a credible threat in the foreign scene. During that period Golden proved astute at qualifying for big events. He managed to win spots at no less than five major tournaments (HSC V, NASL 4, Iron Squid II, MLG Summer Arena and IEM Katowice) while barely missing out on TSL4. He was Quantic's ace in the hole in the EG Master's Cup and saved them many times from the wrath of European stars like Nerchio.Those happy times were punctuated with some bitter disappointments as well. During the 2012 IEM World Championship group stage he posted one of the most deceiving 1 - 4 records ever, barely missing out on advancement. Most of the time, he earned his way into a major tournament just to get eliminated in the Ro16-Ro32 by another Korean. His hard work rarely resulted in more air time or community recognition. In the public consciousness he was a lesser version of Alive, doomed to be overshadowed by more popular Koreans who had also gone to the NA scene for better prospects.While Golden never publicly leveraged his momentary victories into a personality brand, he was one of the most amiable professionals to come from Korea. Unlike many players Golden was always eager to interact with his fans on an individual basis. He delighted in back-and-forth conversations on his stream, especially when attempting to use English. According to his peers in the industry, he was funny and enthusiastic, eager to make new friends in a strange new industry. When he did get rare opportunities to have some extended time on camera, he could make even the oldest veterans of the esports scene break out in laughter. Sadly, Golden's animated character is not well-documented not due to his infrequent bursts of success.The life of a progamer is hard to endure. In the top-heavy structure of competitive SC2, anonymity is the norm and proper salaries are exclusive to the richest teams. Only the best of the best can carve out a reputation strong enough to survive the test of time. Fans will forever remember Parting's braggadocio and daring execution, sOs' innovative builds, MC chewing up scenery like William Shatner on a sugar binge. Despite all the time and sweat he invested into the game, Golden will not be part of that company. In all likelihood he will fade into obscurity once StarCraft 3 comes out in 2027. Yet in his last interview he seemed perfectly content with the way things turned out. He had finally won his big tournament and in doing so, he had accomplished everything he wanted. Golden was fortunate enough to find his moment in the game he loved to play. He leaves with no regrets. Writer Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darüber muß man schweigen.
Poll finds only 47% of Queensland supporters believe in party's policies, as One Nation tipped for kingmaker status in state election
'Best of a bad set of options': One Nation supporters far from happy with policy base
A majority of One Nation supporters do not believe in its policies but back Pauline Hanson's party as the best of a bad bunch in the coming Queensland election race, according to a recent poll of almost 5,000 Brisbane voters.
One Nation, whose potential emergence as kingmaker is seen as the key factor in the state election, is the only one of four main parties to have fewer than half of its supporters declaring faith in its platform, according to a poll across five Brisbane seats last month.
The automated phone poll of 4,892 voters found 57% of One Nation voters considered it the “best of a bad set of options”, while only 47% “believe in the policies and positions of the party”.
The gun lobby pressure is mounting. Let's hope our leaders won't buckle | Lenore Taylor Read more
The Greens (74%), the LNP (65%) and Labor (62%) all had more than half their voters believing in their platforms.
And the Liberal National party's (LNP) vulnerability on the issue of public service job cuts could play in One Nation's favour in key regional seats, further polling by a union suggests.
This includes in the rural seat of Lockyer, where One Nation's prime contender for its next parliamentary leader, Jim Savage, is in a knife-edge race with the LNP, according to the public sector union Together, which commissioned both surveys.
Together's state secretary, Alex Scott, said: “A large part of One Nation's vote is not based on people actually wanting to vote for them, it's just they don't want to vote for anybody else and they park their vote in One Nation.”
But this dynamic meant concerns about public job cuts under the LNP had “potential to cost them seats in the regions” if the opposition leader Tim Nicholls was not upfront about his plans in office.
Nicholls, who was treasurer in the former Newman government which Together says cut 22,000 public sector jobs in 2012 and 2013, has claimed the public service numbers restored under Labor are too large.
But he has declined to set a target for job cuts, while saying – as the LNP did under Newman before coming into office – that there will be no forced retrenchments.
“Clearly One Nation is running a reasonably populist line and job cuts are deeply unpopular in those seats which are potentially going to fall to One Nation,” Scott said.
“And therefore if Nicholls doesn't address the issue of job cuts in a more open and real way, he's exposing himself to losing seats on the right as well as in the middle.”
A 3 October poll of 672 voters in Lockyer had the LNP on a 51% to 49% lead over One Nation. This was after preferences from other parties flowed in One Nation's favour by 51.6% to 48.4%.
But 82.4% of Lockyer voters thought major parties should announce any planned job cuts before the election, with 51.5% opposed to such cuts locally and 60.4% saying they would worsen the local community.
Savage did not respond to a request for comment on Sunday.
The sentiment against public job cuts was replicated in the seat of Gympie, north-west of the Sunshine Coast, traditionally a strong area of support for One Nation.
Malcolm Roberts' likely Senate replacement avoids bankruptcy Read more
There the LNP nevertheless held a handsome lead over Labor by picking up almost two-thirds of preferences, mainly from voters from One Nation, which took 22.2% of the primary vote.
Polls including another survey by Reachtel last month put One Nation's primary vote at about 18% statewide, more than half the primary vote of both Labor (32%) and the LNP (30.6%).
One Nation is widely considered to be in contention for up to six seats, making the prospect of either Labor or the LNP winning an outright majority among 93 seats more difficult.
Pac-12 Scholar-Athletes of the Year History | Pac-12 Championships Central
SPRINGFIELD, Ore. – COLORADO senior Kaitlyn Benner and OREGON senior Sam Prakel were named the Pac-12 Women's and Men's Cross Country Scholar-Athletes of the Year, the league office announced on Friday prior to the racing of the Conference Championships. The award, which is presented in each of the 24 sports the Pac-12 sponsors, was established to honor collegiate student-athletes who are standouts both academically and in their sports discipline.
Benner (Superior, Colo.), a two-time NCAA Cross Country All-American, boasts a 3.93 grade-point average as a chemical and biological engineering major at CU. During her career she has helped the Buffaloes to a pair of Pac-12 Championships, earning All-Pac-12 First Team honors twice thanks to runner-up and fourth-place finishes in 2015 and 2016, respectively. She's also helped CU to three NCAA Mountain Region titles (2014-16), earning All-Region honors each year, as well as runner-up (2015) and third-place finishes (2016) at the NCAA Championships. Off the course, Benner is a two-time Pac-12 All-Academic First Team selection and three-time USTFCCCA All-Academic Team member. She has been named to the Dean's List all six semesters at CU and has recorded a 4.00 GPA on three occasions. It marks the second straight year CU has captured the award following Erin Clark's honor last fall.
Prakel (Versailles, Ohio), a biochemistry major with a 3.91 grade-point average, joins 2008 recipient Galen Rupp as men of Oregon to earn the Pac-12 Scholar-Athlete of the Year award in cross-country. A three-time NCAA All-American in track & field, Prakel is slated to compete in his fourth Pac-12 Cross Country Championships on Friday. He is a three-time Pac-12 All-Academic First Team honoree in cross-country, as well as a two-time All-Academic First Team selection in track & field. He won the NCAA's Elite 90 Award for having the highest GPA (3.97) among all competitors at the 2016 NCAA Indoor Track & Field Championships, and later that season was named to the CoSIDA Academic All-America First Team.
In order to be eligible for the Pac-12 Scholar-Athlete of the Year award, student-athletes must be a senior (in athletics eligibility) on track to receive a degree, have a cumulative grade point average of 3.0 or higher, participate in at least 50 percent of the scheduled contests in the sport and have a minimum one year in residence at the institution. Each Pac-12 institution may nominate one individual per sport, and the winners are selected by a committee of Pac-12 staff members at the conclusion of each sport's regular season. The athletics accomplishments of the nominees are a consideration in voting for the award.
A Scholar-Athlete of the Year will be named in each of the Pac-12's 24 sponsored sports: baseball, men's basketball, women's basketball, beach volleyball, men's cross-country, women's cross-country, football, men's golf, women's golf, women's gymnastics, women's lacrosse, men's rowing, women's rowing, men's soccer, women's soccer, softball, men's swimming & diving, women's swimming & diving, men's tennis, women's tennis, men's track & field, women's track & field, women's volleyball, and wrestling. The award was first established during the 2007-08 academic year.
Both Benner and Prakel are entered to compete at the 2017 Pac-12 Men's and Women's Cross Country Championships on Friday, Oct. 27 at Springfield Golf Club in Springfield, Ore. For the first time in event history, the Pac-12 Cross Country Championships will be broadcast live on Pac-12 Networks with the women's race beginning at 11:00 a.m. PT, followed by the men's race at 12:00 p.m. PT. For more information on the Pac-12 Championships and for live updates, please visit pac-12.com/xcchamps.
ALSO NOMINATED:
Men – Travis Thorne, ARIZ; John Reniewicki, ASU; Trent Brendel, CAL; Adam Peterman, COLO; Jack Keelan, STAN; Daniel De La Torre, UCLA; Andrew Gardner, WASH; Michael Williams, WSU.
Women – Claire Green, ARIZ; Chelsey Albertson, ASU; Bethan Knights, CAL; Emma Abrahamson, ORE; Holly Cavalluzzo, OSU; Vanessa Fraser, STAN; Roni Yamane, UCLA; Madison Ricks, USC; Grayson Murphy, UTAH; Amy-Eloise Neale, WASH; Devon Bortfeld, WSU.
APS March Meeting 2013 Volume 58, Number 1 Monday–Friday, March 18–22, 2013; Baltimore, Maryland
Session N46: Detectors, Sensors, and Transducers
11:15 AM–2:03 PM, Wednesday, March 20, 2013
Hilton Baltimore Room: Holiday Ballroom 5
Sponsoring Unit: GIMS
Chair: Brad Ramshaw, Los Alamos National Laboratory
Abstract ID: BAPS.2013.MAR.N46.13
Abstract: N46.00013 : Design and implementation of a wireless passive microsensor for methanol detection*
1:39 PM–1:51 PM
Preview Abstract Abstract
Authors:
Diego Sanz
(CMUA. Universidad de los Andes)
Walter Rosas
(Department of Chemical Engineering. Universidad de los Andes)
Edgar Unigarro
(CMUA. Universidad de los Andes)
Watson Vargas
(Department of Chemical Engineering. Universidad de los Andes)
Fredy Segura-Quijano
(CMUA. Universidad de los Andes)
Methanol is a public health concern due to its toxicity, characterized by metabolic acidosis and blindness, among others. The third world population affected by the exposure to this compound is increasing, mainly due to the consumption of illicit distilled or adulterated alcoholic beverages. Although methanol is naturally present in some alcoholic drinks, the maximum allowed concentration cannot exceed 10 g of methanol per liter of anhydrous alcohol (0.4\% (v/v) at 40\% of ethanol) according to the general EU limit. A wireless passive microsensor was designed to detect small amounts of methanol at 40\% of alcoholic dissolutions. The sensor consists of a planar inductor in series with an interdigital capacitor that changes its capacitance with the solution's dielectric constant. An antenna is used to read out the real part of the impedance to obtain the resonant frequencies for different amounts of methanol in the solution. The aim of this work was to develop a low cost wireless sensor with the capability to detect concentrations of at least 0.4\% (v/v) of methanol in a 40\% of alcoholic solution. The results obtained show variations of 403 kHz in the resonant frequency for changes of 0.2\% (v/v) on the concentration of methanol in a 40\% alcoholic ethanol-based solution.
*This project was possible thanks to the collaboration of the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering and the Department of Chemical Engineering of Universidad de los Andes.
Editor's note: Peter Bergen is CNN's national security analyst. His most recent book is "The Osama bin Laden I Know: An Oral History of al Qaeda's Leader."
Peter Bergen says terrorist attempts to use WMDs have proven to be relatively ineffective.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The congressionally authorized Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism issued a report this week that concluded: "It is more likely than not that a weapon of mass destruction will be used in a terrorist attack somewhere in the world by the end of 2013."
The findings of this report received considerable ink in The New York Times and The Washington Post and plenty of airtime on networks around the world, including on CNN. And the day the report was released Vice President-elect Joseph Biden was briefed on its contents.
So is the sky falling?
Not really. Terrorists have already used weapons of mass destruction in the past decade in attacks around the world, and they have proven to be something of a dud.
In the fall of 2001, the anthrax attacks in the United States that targeted politicians and journalists caused considerable panic but did not lead to many deaths. Five people were killed.
The alleged author of that attack, Bruce E. Ivins, was one of the leading biological weapons researchers in the United States. Even this brilliant scientist could only "weaponize" anthrax to the point that it killed a handful of people. Imagine then how difficult it would be for the average terrorist, or even the above-average terrorist, to replicate such efforts.
Similarly, the bizarre Japanese cult Aum Shinrikyo, which recruited leading scientists and had hundreds of millions of dollars in the bank, embarked on a large-scale WMD program in the early 1990s in which cult members experimented with anthrax and invested in land in Australia to mine uranium.
In the end, Aum found biological and nuclear attacks too complex to organize and settled instead on a chemical weapons operation, setting off sarin gas in the Tokyo subway in 1995 that killed 12 commuters. It is hard to imagine a place better suited to killing a lot of people than the jam-packed Tokyo subway, yet the death toll turned out to be small in Aum's chemical weapons assault.
More recently, in 2006 and 2007 al Qaeda's Iraqi affiliate laced several of its bombs with chlorine. Those attacks sickened hundreds of Iraqis, but victims who died in the assaults did so more from the blast of the bombs than because of inhaling chlorine. Al Qaeda stopped using chlorine in its bombs in Iraq more than a year ago.
There is a semantic problem in any discussion of WMDs because the ominous term ''Weapons of Mass Destruction'' is something of a misnomer. In the popular imagination, chemical, biological and nuclear devices are all weapons of mass destruction. In fact, there is only one weapon of mass destruction that can kill tens or hundreds of thousands and that is a nuclear device.
So the real question is: Can terrorists deploy nuclear weapons any time in the next five years or even further in the future? To do so, terrorists would have one of four options: to buy, steal, develop or be given a nuclear weapon.
But none of those scenarios are remotely realistic outside the world of Hollywood.
To understand how complex it is to develop a nuclear weapon, it is worth recalling that Saddam Hussein put tens of millions of dollars into his nuclear program with no success.
Iran, which has had a nuclear program for almost two decades, is still years away from developing a nuclear bomb. Terrorist groups simply don't have the massive resources of states, and so the notion that they could develop their own, even crude, nuclear weapons is fanciful.
Well, what about terrorists being given nukes? Preventing this was one of the underlying rationales of the push to topple Hussein in 2003. This does not pass the laugh test. Brian Michael Jenkins, one of the leading U.S. terrorism experts in a book published this year, "Will Terrorists Go Nuclear?," points out that there are two reasons this is quite unlikely.
First, governments are not about to hand over their crown jewels to organizations that are "not entirely under state control and whose reliability is not certain." Second, "giving them a nuclear weapon almost certainly exposes the state sponsor to retaliation."
For the same reason that states won't give nukes to terrorists, they also won't sell them either, which leaves the option of stealing a nuclear weapon. But that is similarly unlikely because nuclear-armed governments, including Pakistan, are pretty careful about the security measures they place around their most valued weapons.
None of this of course is to suggest that al Qaeda is not interested in deploying nuclear devices. Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders have repeatedly bloviated about the necessity of nuking the West and have even implied that they have the capability to do so.
This is nonsense.
Yes, in the mid-1990s when Al Qaeda was based in Sudan, members of the group tried to buy highly enriched uranium suitable for a nuke, but the deal did not go through. And it is certainly the case that a year or so before 9/11, bin Laden was meeting with veterans of Pakistan's nuclear program to discuss how al Qaeda might get into the nuclear weapons business.
But all of this was aspirational, not operational. There is not a shred of evidence that any of this got beyond the talking stage.
In 2002, former U.N. weapons inspector David Albright undertook a careful study of al Qaeda's nuclear research program and concluded it was virtually impossible for al Qaeda to have acquired any type of nuclear weapon.
However, there is plenty of evidence that the group has experimented with crude chemical and biological weapons, and also attempted to acquire radioactive materials suitable for a "dirty" bomb, a device that marries conventional explosives to radioactive materials.
But even if al Qaeda successfully deployed a crude chemical, biological or radiological weapon these would not be weapons of mass destruction that killed thousands. Instead, these would be weapons of mass disruption, whose principal effect would be panic -- not mass casualties.
So if not WMDs, what will terrorists use in their attacks over the next five years?
Small-bore chemical, biological and radiological attacks are all quite probable, but those attacks would kill scores, not thousands.
What we are likely to see again and again are the tried and tested tactics that terrorists have used for decades:
The first vehicle bomb blew up on Wall Street in 1920 detonated by an Italian-American anarchist. Since then, the car/truck bomb has been reliably deployed by terrorists thousands of times.
Assassinations, such as the one that killed Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo in 1914, sparking one of the bloodiest wars in history.
Hijackings, such as those that inaugurated the worst terrorist attack in history on 9/11.
Guys armed with AK-47s intent on murder and mayhem as we saw in Mumbai, India, brought one of the world's largest countries to a standstill and generated continuous news coverage around the globe for 60 hours.
Why go the deeply uncertain, and enormously complex and expensive WMD route when other methods have proved so successful in getting attention for terrorists in the past?
The Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism makes all sorts of sensible recommendations. Among them is creating a WMD adviser in the White House who would coordinate all the issues of WMD proliferation and terrorism, something the Obama administration would do well to implement. Right now, responsibility for this important job is diffused over numerous agencies, from the Department of Energy to the Pentagon.
But the report's overall conclusion that WMD terrorism is likely to happen "somewhere in the world" in the next five years is simultaneously stating the obvious -- because terrorists already have engaged in crude chemical and biological weapons attacks -- but also highly unlikely because deploying true WMDs remains beyond the capabilities of terrorist groups today and for the foreseeable future.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen.
All About Al Qaeda • Saddam Hussein • Nuclear Weapons
Think the calamity developing in Washington over raising the debt ceiling is just an American problem? Well think again! The rest of the world, realizing that their economic prosperity is directly linked to what happens in Washington DC, are beginning to weigh in on the matter.
British Minister Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable, called the developing debate over the debt ceiling “irresponsible,” according to this report on Reuters. Mr. Cable went on to describe the Republicans and Teaparty members who are fighting against raising the debt ceiling as “right-winged nutters.” He said;
“The irony of the situation at the moment, with markets opening tomorrow morning, is that the biggest threat to the world financial system comes from a few right-wing nutters in the American congress rather than the euro zone,” he told BBC television.
For political reasons, Republicans are willing to destroy America and potentially the world's economy, to protect the loopholes for a few millionaires.
0
Chuck Hagel, first-ever filibustered defense secretary nominee
Chuck Hagel, first-ever filibustered defense secretary nominee
Sen. Lindsey Graham has apparently decided that he's done enough by instigating the first-ever filibuster of a defense secretary nominee in blocking Chuck Hagel on the first vote, so he's moving on and taking Sen. John McCain with him. They've made their point. Carrying it further will be pretty impossible because there is no substance to their opposition, just the same manufactured outrage against anything President Obama does in order to keep the base happy.
The unprecedented filibuster of Hagel makes an absolute mockery of the watered down filibuster reform the Senate agreed to less than a month ago, an outcome that was entirely predictable. It also demonstrates how much of an opportunity Senate Democrats let slip away. Majority Leader Harry Reid said this filibuster is "tragic."
"It is tragic that they have decided to filibuster this qualified nominee," said Reid. "It is really unfortunate." [...] "This isn't high school getting ready for a football game, or some play being produced at a high school," said Reid. "In less than two hours, our country will be without a secretary of defense."
That's Reid's first—and biggest—mistake. It's hard to believe that he hasn't realized by now that the governing of the nationa game for Republicans. Maybe this episode will be enough to finally convince him otherwise. Just in case, let's make it very clear for him: It's time to revisit real filibuster reform.
Please sign our petition urging Harry Reid to re-open the process of filibuster reform in the Senate.
Australian Press Council says the cartoon by Glen Le Lievre linked the Jewish faith with Israeli rocket attacks on Gaza and caused greater offence than was justifiable in the public interest
A cartoon published in the Sydney Morning Herald that linked the Jewish faith with the Israeli rocket attacks on Gaza has breached the Australian Press Council's standards of practice.
The cartoon by Glen Le Lievre was published in July 2014 alongside a Saturday column by veteran writer Mike Carlton.
The reaction to the cartoon and the column resulted in Carlton's sudden resignation.
Six months later, the press council has ruled that the cartoon caused greater offence to readers than was justifiable in the public interest and the paper published the adjudication on Saturday.
The cartoon depicted “an elderly man with a large nose, wearing the distinctively Jewish head covering called a kippah or yarmulke, and sitting in an armchair emblazoned with the Star of David”, the council said. “He was pointing a TV remote control device at an exploding cityscape, implied to be Gaza.”
“A linkage with Israeli nationality might have been justifiable in the public interest, despite being likely to cause offence,” the ruling said. “But the same cannot be said of the implied linkage with the Jewish faith that arose from inclusion of the kippah and the Star of David.”
The newspaper told the council after complaints were made against the cartoon that in hindsight it agreed that it had placed gratuitous emphasis on the Jewishness of its subject “and in doing so had inappropriately emphasised religious persuasion rather than Israeli nationality, thereby causing offence”.
The newspaper said in its defence that it had published a 650-word apology a week later.
In the wake of the furore extra layers of approval have been added and the editor-in-chief and news director had attended seminars with the Jewish Board of Deputies, who had complained about the cartoon and the column.
The paper stood by the column but insisted Carlton apologises to readers he had offended in emails.
Carlton told Guardian Australia at the time that he believed he had been suspended because of the language he used with readers but also because of a vigorous campaign to undermine him by News Corp.
The Australian had reported that some readers who wrote to complain about his views on the conflict in Gaza received emails telling them to “fuck off”.
“The images from Gaza are searing, a gallery of death and horror,” Carlton had written. “A dishevelled Palestinian man cries out in agony, his blood-soaked little brother dead in his arms.”
After the column Carlton received a torrent of abuse on Twitter and in emails from people who were angered by his views.
The council made a point of congratulating the Herald on its response to complaints and in an apparent reference to its critics at News Corp Australia said “the council commends this approach to other publications”.
Under the APC's general principles, newspapers who are members “should balance the public interest with the sensibilities of their readers, particularly when the material, such as photographs, could reasonably be expected to cause offence” and that publications should not place any gratuitous emphasis on race, religion or nationality.
We've been tracking scoring chances and zone entries for every Toronto Maple Leafs game this year. Now that we've reached the halfway point, it's time for some summary tables and discussion.
If not otherwise specified, all the data is calculated at even strength. Some supporting data used in the discussion is from the excellent Puckalytics, along with my other regular sources, war-on-ice.com and hockeystats.ca, all of which are invaluable when looking at these kinds of numbers.
Note: This data does not include last night's game versus the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Team CorsiF% ESCorF% Chance% ESCh% ESClCh% NZ% ContEnt% Toronto 51.3% 49.8% 50.7% 48.7% 49.1% 49.4% 39.3% Opponent 48.7% 50.2% 49.3% 51.3% 50.9% 50.6% 41.0%
CorsiF% and ESCorF% are the Corsi numbers. Chance%, ESCh% and ESClCh% are the percentage of chances for the Leafs overall, at ES and at ES Close, respectively. NZ% is the percentage of zone entries made by a particular team (not counting clearances where no one is pursuing the puck), and ContEnt% measures the percentage of entries that are controlled (passes or carries).
The Leafs‘ Corsi and chance numbers are similar over the first half of the season; they've been essentially even with opponents 5-on-5. While the chance numbers are a little more against them, they are a huge improvement from what we saw last year. For context, last season the Leafs got barely over 45% of chances at ES. The big difference is that the Leafs have allowed substantially fewer chances. From over 17 against per game last season, the Leafs have improved to allow 14 per game this year. Their chances for have also dropped, but by a much smaller margin, as Mike Babcock has gotten his team to play a tighter game. There's still room for improvement, but it's beyond any doubt that a lot of progress has been made.
We don't have old data on zone entries, but these numbers end up paralleling chances as well, with the Leafs narrowly losing the neutral zone. Toronto's percentage of controlled entries (passed or carried into the zone) is relatively low, under 40%, but they've done a decent job of preventing controlled entries against as well, and are only slightly behind in that metric.
Forwards
Below is every forward who has played at least ten games (so no Rich Clune). ES and ESCl% are chance percentages at even strength and at ES Close. NZ% is the percentage of times the Leafs entered the opponent's zone, rather than the opposite, while a player was on the ice. Pers% represents the percentage of Leafs entries that I have directly attributed to that player. ContEnt and OppContEnt are the Leafs and opponents' percentage of zone entries that were under control (passed or carried).
Name G AvESTOI ES% ESCl% NZ% Pers% ContEnt OppContEnt Van Riemsdyk 40 14:57 55.6% 58.9% 47.5% 34.8% 47.2% 41.3% Komarov 40 14:06 51.5% 50.0% 49.7% 26.9% 44.0% 40.0% Grabner 38 10:29 50.7% 45.3% 51.5% 23.9% 36.3% 39.3% Boyes 33 09:21 50.6% 56.9% 51.0% 30.5% 39.5% 38.7% Kadri 40 15:39 49.9% 52.3% 50.5% 29.0% 45.6% 41.6% Bozak 36 14:41 49.5% 48.7% 46.7% 20.5% 43.2% 41.8% Arcobello 11 08:58 49.1% 51.4% 50.3% 19.9% 34.2% 33.3% Parenteau 40 13:03 48.3% 49.2% 47.7% 26.4% 39.7% 40.6% Froese 30 10:32 46.6% 56.3% 50.7% 21.0% 34.1% 37.8% Holland 35 11:21 46.2% 48.7% 50.4% 26.0% 36.3% 40.1% Winnik 37 11:59 45.8% 42.9% 51.5% 34.8% 31.1% 43.5% Lupul 35 12:54 44.5% 43.8% 49.5% 27.1% 31.7% 40.3% Spaling 24 12:56 43.4% 35.8% 49.5% 17.6% 31.4% 42.3% Matthias 39 11:25 42.9% 43.4% 47.5% 29.0% 37.2% 41.5%
The first thing that stands out is how big a loss James van Riemsdyk is going to be, as he has really thrived this season. I wondered whether his play would suffer without Phil Kessel on his line, but if anything he's improved. His chance percentage is by far the best on the team. When he was with Nazem Kadri early in the year, that line was the team's best at generating chances (although that didn't turn into a lot of goals). When he was moved onto a line with Tyler Bozak, that unit became the more effective offensive threat. He was the forward most likely to be on the ice for a controlled entry, and was the single largest individual driver of entries, with over a third of Leaf zone entries when he was on the ice going through him. The Leafs will have to get improved contribution from others or they will be in trouble, as he looks to be a substantial loss.
It's interesting to see that Mike Babcock has opted to place Shawn Matthias into Van Riemsdyk's spot; based on this information, he's been the worst regular forward on the Leafs in terms of chances. His zone start and competition numbers aren't particularly impressive either way, and it's not as if he's been pinned in his own defensive zone or given brutal matchups. Matthias played with Tyler Bozak and P.A. Parenteau for a time earlier in the season, but that line was not good in terms of chances, and he hasn't done much on a more defensive line since.
A man who seems to be a more deserving candidate to move up in the line-up is Brad Boyes. Most advanced statistics pick him out as one of the Leafs most effective performers this season, despite limited ice time. He averages fewer ES minutes than any of the other regular forwards, but Boyes leads the team in ES points per minute. One drawback is that Boyes has faced weaker competition than most of the Leafs, but his play is still strong enough that he seems to deserve a shot.
Nazem Kadri has had a good first half of the season — not spectacular, but very solid. He is almost dead even in terms of chance percentage, and, like van Riemsdyk, is among the Leafs' better players at generating controlled entries. His line with Leo Komarov and Michael Grabner has been reasonably effective, but from a chance perspective he was best with JVR at the start of the season.
As with van Riemsdyk, there were a lot of questions as to how Tyler Bozak would fare without Phil Kessel, and he's largely vindicated himself. Bozak's managed to stay near to even in chances and possession. Not to drill it into the ground too much, but he will face the same questions without JVR in the lineup now. In his 270 minutes without JVR, Bozak's Corsi is no better than last year's, even as the team has improved around him. Whether he can be as effective with Parenteau and Matthias on his wings is something I question.
Joffrey Lupul has done very little this season. He's been stuck in fairly difficult situations in terms of opponents, and given relatively weak linemates, and subsequently it's knocked down his chance and possession numbers. Still, Daniel Winnik and Michael Grabner have both had much better numbers despite having similar statistical conditions overall.
Defence
Again, five games is the cut-off, so no Frank Corrado.
Name G AvESTOI ES% ESCl% NZ% Pers% ContEnt OppContEnt Harrington 15 12:22 56.8% 64.4% 45.0% 8.5% 36.3% 39.4% Marincin 27 11:56 51.4% 51.1% 49.8% 9.5% 36.9% 36.0% Polak 38 15:41 51.3% 55.8% 48.0% 10.7% 38.0% 39.5% Gardiner 37 17:58 50.1% 52.0% 50.0% 12.5% 42.0% 39.2% Phaneuf 40 17:42 49.4% 52.3% 49.0% 10.4% 41.1% 40.5% Rielly 40 19:00 47.8% 43.1% 50.6% 19.2% 38.6% 42.5% Hunwick 39 19:00 43.1% 40.3% 50.0% 11.8% 37.8% 43.7%
Matt Hunwick has been buried in terms of the opponents he's had to face this season, and it shows, as he has the worst chance numbers on the team by a fair margin. A lot of the high difficulty minutes that previously went to Dion Phaneuf have been pushed onto Hunwick, along with Morgan Rielly. You can also see that Rielly has outclassed his partner. Despite having similar usage, Rielly has a clear advantage in all possession areas, although he still lags behind the rest of the team. Rielly is also the most likely defenceman on the Leafs to be responsible for the puck entering the zone, although his defensive role means we haven't seen a lot of scoring from him. Last season, the youngster was one of the best defenders in terms of chances, but that was against weaker opponents, making a direct year-by-year comparison relatively meaningless.
The players that are utilized on the bottom pairing by Babcock also stand out pretty clearly in the table. Scott Harrington, who has been with the Marlies since November, and Martin Marincin, who is preferred to Corrado for that 6th spot, have consistently faced the easiest opposition and been on for relatively few defensive zone faceoffs. They also find themselves on the bench more in tight games, while their regular partner, Roman Polak, continues to get minutes. Marincin has the best Corsi numbers on the back end, but that hasn't turned into similar results in terms of chances, where he lags well behind Harrington and is only just ahead of Polak. These bottom defencemen have been reasonably effective in their minutes, but whether they can step up if needed is a big question. An injury to one of the more trusted defencemen could make things difficult, increasing the load on everyone and forcing the likes of Marincin and Corrado to show a little more.
Dion Phaneuf has seen his possession and chance numbers make a big turn towards the positive this year, but a lot of that is down to usage, as he's no longer in such a defensive role. His percentage of offensive zone starts has gone from barely a quarter to over a third, although part of that is down to the Leafs' overall improvement in that area. He has seen a commensurate improvement in chance numbers, while Phaneuf and Jake Gardiner are the only pairing to manage over 40% controlled zone entries.
We've had tough time coming up with anything but good things to say about Jake Gardiner this year, and that continues with this article. He's been one of the more effective Leafs on the backend and has shown a clear improvement. His chance numbers are better, and his possession stats are improved as well. Unlike Phaneuf, this isn't due to easier match-ups; Gardiner's ice time has gotten somewhat more difficult, if anything. This improvement is one of the better developments from the Leafs' blueline this season.
(Picture: Wessex News Agency)
A driver who saw police handing out speeding tickets had the perfect response – he had the cops booked for dangerous parking.
On behalf of drivers everywhere, thank you Jamie Britton.
When Jamie saw the police van on the side of the road marked up with the dreaded high-vis yellow as he travelled through Longlevens in Gloucestershire, he realised people would be getting zapped.
But he also noticed the van was parked half on a pavement and half in the road, blocking the cycle lane. It seems the coppers were out to nab motorists going against the rules of the road… But didn't think the same rules applied to them.
His passenger took a photo of the van as they drove past – and now the driver has been fined and given ‘management advice' by Gloucestershire Police.
MORE: Forget the bow – Jeremy Corbyn actually ‘snubbed VIP lunch' to meet veterans
It's the law
Jamie said he was ‘stunned' to see how poorly the Mercedes van had been parked, forcing pedestrians including mums with children on the school run to step into the busy road at rush hour.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘I couldn't believe it, there was no way you could get past it,' he said. ‘They are there to improve road safety, not to make it worse.'
Adding to the irony, he spotted a police poster not far away warning drivers ‘Pavements are for people. It is an offence to obstruct a footpath so please do not park on a pavement – even for a moment.'
MORE: Police officer goes on gun rampage killing two Americans
The speed van crew were out to catch motorists at 9am in Cheltenham Road. Booked drivers would usually get a £60 fine and three points on their licence.
Robert Vestey, team manager of Gloucestershire Police's camera enforcement unit, said:
‘We have been made aware of the photograph showing a van parked across a pavement and cycle lane. “We do not condone such actions and we hope that the fixed penalty notice and management advice shows that this has been taken seriously. “A member of the police workforce is not exempt from following road and parking rules, which is why the individual has been treated as any member of the public would be.”
Melting ice in the Arctic is creating a 'new Mediterranean' which will serve as a conduit for global trade [EPA]
Vancouver, Canada - "For the first time in my life, I'm trying to find ice."
Alex MacIntyre was standing on the bridge of the Akademik Ioffe as the Russian-flagged ice-strengthened cruise ship traversed the Northwest Passage last summer. A Canadian ice-pilot with four decades of Arctic experience, MacIntyre remembers when the route was choked with sea-ice that was 10 to 15 metres thick.
Twenty-two ships sailed through the Northwest Passage in 2011. On the other side of the Arctic Ocean, 34 ships traversed Russia's Northern Sea Route.
The Arctic Ocean, which exists in a precarious balance between ice and water, is more susceptible to climate change than anywhere else on Earth. A so-called "feedback loop" exacerbates the situation: As climate change warms the air and melts the highly reflective ice from above, it exposes more dark ocean water which acts like a solar sponge, absorbing more energy from the sun and melting the remaining ice from below.
At the current rate, the entire Arctic Ocean could be free of ice in late summer within five years.
Although "first-year ice" will still form each winter, complete summertime melt-outs will mark the end of the thick and hard "multi-year ice" that has always posed the main threat to shipping.
These changes have sparked justifiable excitement about the economic opportunities that will result from easier access, while giving rise to unfounded concerns about military conflict. Indeed, the most significant under-reported aspect of the Arctic is the increase in international co-operation there.
Co-operation, not conflict
In January 2010, according to WikiLeaks, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper told NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen that "Canada has a good working relationship with Russia with respect to the Arctic" and "there is no likelihood of Arctic states going to war".
Two months later, at a meeting of the five Arctic Ocean states, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said: "We need all hands on deck because there is a huge amount to do, and not much time to do it."
In September 2010, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin reiterated that point: "It is well known that, if you stand alone, you cannot survive in the Arctic. It is very important to maintain the Arctic as region of peace and co-operation."
This interest in co-operation is driven by a desire for geopolitical stability among former Cold War adversaries, which depends on legal certainty concerning the location of boundaries and, with them, control over offshore oil and gas.
With the exception of a tiny islet between Greenland and Canada, ownership of land in the Arctic is not disputed. Unlike the Antarctic, which is a continent surrounded by oceans, the Arctic is an ocean surrounded by continents; most of the legal issues that arise concern the law of the sea.
The law of the sea grants each coastal state a 200 nautical mile (370 km-wide) "exclusive economic zone" over which it has absolute rights over fish and seabed resources. A coastal state may also have seabed (but not fishing) rights beyond 200 nautical miles, if it can establish scientifically that the seabed in any given area is a "natural prolongation" of the continental shelf closer to shore. Under the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, a commission of scientific experts exists to review and legitimate such claims.
The Arctic Ocean is not nearly as large as the Pacific or Atlantic. As a result, these coastal state rights likely cover all but two small areas of deep ocean floor near the centre. With each Arctic country automatically entitled to a large area of uncontested seabed, it has been relatively easy to resolve the few minor overlaps along the edges of their respective zones.
"It is well known that, if you stand alone, you cannot survive in the Arctic. It is very important to maintain the Arctic as region of peace and co-operation." - Vladimir Putin, Russian prime minister
Russia has concluded boundary treaties with the United States in the Bering Sea and Norway in the Barents Sea - where, until recently, the two countries had disputed 175,000 square kilometres of oil-and-gas rich seabed.
Norway has also settled its boundaries with Iceland and Denmark (which owns Greenland), while Iceland and Denmark have resolved their boundary too. The only remaining boundary dispute of any significance is in the Beaufort Sea between Canada and the US, which are partners in a common energy market under NAFTA. Not surprising, that dispute is also being negotiated peacefully.
There is also a possibility of overlapping Russian, Canadian and Danish claims along the Lomonosov Ridge, an underwater mountain range that transects the Arctic Ocean. But even there, a co-operative solution seems likely, with the three countries already sharing scientific equipment and data as they seek to establish the limits of their respective sovereign rights.
Economic opportunities
Settled boundaries are a necessary element in accessing the vast amounts of capital and advanced technology needed to develop Arctic offshore oil and gas. As a result of the new boundary treaty in the Barents Sea, Norway's Statoil has been allowed to invest in Russia's enormous Stockman gas field, while Russia's Gasprom has gained access to Statoil's world-leading technology and expertise.
Co-operation is also essential to prevent and respond to accidents. More than a hundred thousand people fly over the Arctic each day on commercial flights between Asia, Europe and North America. In March 2011, the eight Arctic countries signed a new treaty on search-and-rescue, and are now negotiating treaties on shipping safety and oil-spill response.
Like oil and gas, newly ice-free sea routes offer massive economic gains by cutting thousands of kilometres off sailings between Asia and Europe. Chinese shipping companies alone could save billions of dollars each year by using the Northern Sea Route along the coast of Russia.
Improved access will also bring a dramatic increase in tourism. Already, dozens of ships like the Akademik Ioffe ply the Arctic coastlines of Norway, Greenland and Canada each summer, creating jobs on board and providing a lucrative market for aboriginal artisans on shore.
But while the sea-ice is disappearing, the Arctic will remain a dangerous place. "Icing", caused by sea spray freezing onto a ship's infrastructure in sub-zero temperatures, can sink ocean-going vessels. Last year, three ships ran aground in Canada's Arctic due to inadequate maritime charts. Remote distances can delay search-and-rescue missions by days in a region where winter temperatures of minus 40 degrees are still common.
The combination of great economic opportunity and grossly inadequate infrastructure presents an enticing scenario for foreign investment in the Arctic. One can easily imagine Asian shipping companies being willing to invest in ports of refuge, improved charts, navigation aids, search-and-rescue, weather and ice forecasting along the Russian and Canadian coasts. One can also imagine that Moscow and Ottawa would embrace the chance to spread the costs - provided the investors recognise, as they always do, the sovereignty of the territorial state.
Seen from this perspective, the melting Arctic ice will not lead to military conflict. Rather, it's creating a new Mediterranean - a "middle sea" - across which the world's powers will trade.
Michael Byers holds the Canada Research Chair in Global Politics and International Law at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver. He is the author of Who Owns the Arctic?
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
Amac
Hava tehditlerinde surekli gelismeler olmaktadir. Bu gelismelere paralel olarak, erken ihbar ve kontrol konularinda, yeni teknoloji ile uretilmis radarlara ihtiyacimiz dogmaktadir.
Bu kapsamda; bazi radarlarimizin eski olmasi, bakim ve isletmedeki sikintilar da dikkate alinarak 2011 yilinda “Uzun Menzilli Erken Ihbar Radar Sistemi (EIRS)” projesi baslatilmistir.
Tedarik Edilecek Sistemler
• Tasinabilir Erken Ihbar Radar Sistemi (TEIRS): 4 adet
• Sabit Erken Ihbar Radar Sistemi (SEIRS): 18 adet
Bu radarlarin bir kismi eski radarlarin yerini alacaktir.
Digerleri ise, radar kaplama alani ihtiyacina gore, engebeli cografya nedeniyle alcak irtifa zaafiyeti olan bolgelere konuslandirilacaktir.
Ihale
Yurt ici imkanlar kullanilarak TEIRS ve SEIRS gelistirilmesine iliskin ihale calismalari devam etmektedir.*
(*: Revizyon vardir. Yazinin sonuna bakiniz.)
Bu kapsamda Aselsan; Aktif Faz Dizili Anten teknolojisinin kullanildigi, doner ve sabit (9o derece sektor acisi) antene sahip uzun menzilli iki farkli hava gozetleme ve erken ihbar radari uzerinde calismaktadir.
Genel Ozellikler
• Tespit edebilecegi hava unsurlari:
Hava-hava fuzeleri
Hava-yer fuzeleri
Alcak irtifa seyir fuzeleri
Anti radyasyon fuzeleri
Dusuk surat ve dusuk kesitli IHA'lar
Helikopterler
Ucaklar
Taktik, kisa, orta(?) menzilli balistik fuzeler
Diger
• Azami tespit menzili: 600+ km (700 km hedeflenmektedir)
• Ayni anda takip edebilecegi hedef sayisi: 200-300
• Yayin frekansi: S Band
• Anten: Aktif faz dizili (AESA)
• 3 boyutta hedef arama, tespit ve takip (koordinatlar ve irtifa)
• Otomatik hedef siniflandirma
• IFF (Dost/dusman teshisi) sorgulamasi
• Arama ve takip icin ayri huzmeler
• Kontrol ihbar merkezlerine ve NATO ACCS'e entegrasyon
• Elektronik harbe direnclilik
• Hava ve fuze savunma sistemlerine entegrasyon
• Hedef bilgilerini silah sistemlerine dogrudan aktararak reaksiyon suresini kisaltma
• Tum hava sartlarinda ve gece/gunduz calisabilme
• Ruzgar enerji santrallerinin olusturabilecegi sahte hedef ekolarini eleyebilme
TEIRS Ozellikleri
• Sistem 10 ton sinifi araclar uzerinde tasinabilen asagidaki alt sistemlerden olusmaktadir:
Radar alt sistemi araci
Komuta kontrol araci
Radio link alt sistemi araci
Jenerator araci
• Komuta kontrol aracindan lokal olarak veya komuta kontrol merkezinden uzaktan kontrol edilebilme
• C130 veya A400M ile tasinabilme
• 30 dakikada kurulum ve toplanma suresi
Teslim Tarihi
TEIRS'in prototip teslim tarihi 2020 yili olarak planlanmaktadir. TEIRS teslimlerinin ise 2023'e kadar tamamlanacagi degerlendirilmektedir.
SEIRS'in de TEIRS'den bir miktar geriden ancak paralel olarak yurutulecegi degerlendirilmektedir.
Projenin Durumu
On tasarim tamamlanmistir.
Tanitim Videosu
Firma tarafindan, tanitim amaciyla bir animasyon videosu hazirlanmistir.
Ilk yayinlanma tarihi: 17 Nisan 2016 saat 10.00
Revizyon-1 (13 Agustos 2016)
SSM'nin internet sayfasina gore:
HvKK ihtiyaci olan 4 adet TEIRS tedarigi sozlesmesi 20 Haziran 2016'da imzalanmistir.
Tahmini sozlesme bedelinin 285 milyon TL oldugu degerlendirilmektedir.
Revizyon-2 (21 Mart 2017)
Ilk TEIRS teslimati 2021 yilinda yapilacaktir.
Reklamlar
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michelangelo's statue of David stands over 5m tall
Michelangelo's statue of David risks collapsing under its own weight because of strain on the sculpture's "weak ankles", it's been reported.
The 5.5 tonne sculpture is showing signs of micro-fractures in its legs and researchers in the Italian city of Florence warn it could collapse under its own weight, Italian newspaper La Repubblica says. The carved tree stump behind David's right leg, which bears most of its weight, may also have cracks, recent findings from the National Research Council show. They have been covered up with plaster over the years, but have a tendency to reappear.
Weak spots were also discovered in the original statue's ankles, after a series of centrifuge tests on plaster replicas. Researchers suspect these developed while David was on display for more than three centuries in the city's main square, leaning forward at a dangerous angle.
The 5m (17ft) statue was already fragile because of the poor-quality marble Michelangelo chose for his masterpiece, as well as its great weight and off-centre pose, La Gazetta del Sud reports. It's been suggested an earthquake, or even road construction, could cause it to topple, and that David should be moved either to a quake-proof room, or to a new site outside the city.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Restoration on the statue was completed in 2004
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
The Miami Dolphins were unsuccessful in a series of attempts to sign or trade for established running backs last month.
Now that draft week is upon us, the team's brain trust claims to be comfortable with a backfield led by 2015 fifth-round pick Jay Ajayi.
Former interim coach Dan Campbell reportedly held a belief that Ajayi is a better back than 2015 starter Lamar Miller, who landed $14 million in guarantees from the Texans.
New coach Adam Gase is already an avowed Ajayi fan after one day of voluntary minicamp.
"I guess I never realized how shifty he was, and today was a great example," Gase said Tuesday, via The Palm Beach Post. "Just seeing him stick his foot in the ground and change direction, you didn't see him do that a lot in college.
"Just being able to see him move around, it was very impressive for me to see him in person. The way he cut in some of the run game schemes ... I mean, I'm really excited to see what we can do going forward."
Ajayi is penciled in as Gase's lead back after flashing a versatile skill set and light feet for a power runner in limited action last year. The Dolphins' courting of C.J. Anderson, Chris Johnson and Arian Foster suggests, however, that they harbor serious reservations about the former Boise State star's ability to carry the load over 16 games.
We are deep in the heart of smokescreen season.
Does Miami think highly enough of Ajayi's potential to pass on Ezekiel Elliott should the Ohio State stud slide to No. 13 overall in the draft?
We'll have to wait until Thursday night to find out.
Finally, a videogame with the balls to depict the generic post-apocalyptic wasteland as it really will be: utterly boring and lifeless. Borderland takes place on Pandora, an Arizona-like planet where the bleakness is offset by its cel-shaded-esque appearance. Though Pandora is mostly deserted, bandits, mercenaries, and other hired guns troll its surface in search of the Vault, an intergalactic piggybank filled with untold riches and awesome technology that a supposedly advanced species had the foresight to abandon for the sake of plot. If this all sounds like a lazy rehash of last year's revolutionary Fallout 3, hang on: Borderlands cribs further by having you navigate through the game from a first-perspective perspective and leveling up your stats in a shooter. Hell, you'll even see a humming robot and a bobblehead in the first 30 minutes.
Borderland distinguishes itself by being a small-scale MMORPG, enabling up to four players to band together in pursuit of the Vault. While the game is playable offline in a solo campaign and in a split-screen mode, irritatingly challenging, dull boss battles (like a giant solder who shoots fire) assure that the only true way to play is online with others.
But Borderlands is far from perfect online. Enemies become incrementally tougher depending on how many players are in action, but this has a two-pronged effect: From the outset, you can join up with an astonishingly higher-leveled party, stand still, make a sandwich, and just soak up experience and weapon-proficiency levels while literally doing nothing. Alternately, you can get sidelined by dangerous foes while your party completes a mission without you, leaving your character's campaign stalled until you're high-level enough to beat it yourself. Without voice chat (which is reportedly coming with an update—audacious for an online co-op game), you're ultimately at the whim of whatever jerks you get paired with. Occasionally, you'll luck out with a group of higher-level folks who will shepherd you through with gifts of fancy weapons and protection, but usually, you'll get some dicks who just want to duel as a break from the monotony of looting for more gear.
Advertisement
And there's plenty to loot for. While the game's four classes and skill trees are interchangeable, Borderlands' millions of randomly generated guns are like snowflakes, from the flaming submachine guns to the shock-inducing sniper rifles. It's just too bad that the rest of Borderlands lacks anything resembling that much firepower.
Barbara Goldstein Women gathered in Berkeley on Saturday in solidarity with the Women's March on Washington.
A prankster attempted to fool women in Berkeley, California, into attending a fake protest on Saturday as millions marched across the country.
However, the prank backfired as the hundreds in attendance marched through the campus of the University of California at Berkeley anyway.
As Berkeleyside first reported Sunday, someone goes by the name of “Sam Cox” posted an event on Action Network, the online organizing tool used to plan many of Saturday's marches, calling on protesters to meet at U.C. Berkeley's Memorial Glade at noon. According to Berkeleyside, the event was then promoted on several resources for Saturday's march, including a website rounding up all the women's marches in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Cori Kesler Protesters met on Memorial Glade at U.C. Berkeley's campus.
Cori Kesler is one Berkeley resident who saw the event listed online and decided to march there rather than braving the crowds in nearby Oakland. But when she got to the meeting location for the protest, there were about 50 women with protest signs waiting for someone to get things started.
Daniella Thompson, also of Berkeley, similarly found the event on Action Network while looking for a protest closer to home. But the morning of the event, she noticed the event page had been changed to include an image of white supremacist icon Pepe the Frog raising his middle finger. The image has become a symbol for some of Donald Trump's more extreme supporters in recent months. And she, along with other attendees who had registered online, received a message in Russian:
Jasmine Jaksic
Berkeleyside later translated the messsage: “I pranked many Americans! Hahaha. Not surprising that people [do] don't have such low test scores and one of you got this right/privilege that I am Russian national. ha ha haha. Goodbye!”
Thompson decided to show up anyway, not at all concerned that the event would be populated by alt-right trolls.
“This is Berkeley,” she said. “What could possibly happen?
Eventually, Kesler and Thompson said, several women decided to take charge and get the march started without the organizer. The protesters, about 200 to 300 strong, marched through the campus, and returned to the initial meeting spot. By that point, most people in the crowd were well aware that the march had been planned as a prank.
“When we found out about the prank, it actually energized people even more,” said Jasmine Jaksic, who received a message “from” Pepe shortly after arriving on campus. “We trolled the troll.”
"What do we do when our rights are attacked? We stand up and we fight back" #berkmarch pic.twitter.com/N0oFaiisIA — Sydney Fix (@sydney_fix) January 21, 2017
They decided to continue to the protest, gathering on the steps of U.C. Berkeley's Doe Library. Since there had been no official organization for speeches, one man ran home to get his PA system. Several people then spoke to the crowd, sharing stories of why marching was important to them. The speakers were of all ages and backgrounds, including a 7-year-old girl, and a man who had recently retired from his job at the U.S. Postal Service. A young woman spoke about how she had a heart procedure just days before, but still felt it was important to attend the march. The man who brought the amplifier sang “The Impossible Dream,” from the Broadway musical “Man of La Mancha.” (You can watch a video here.)
“It felt really good to be able to use my voice to energize the crowd and speak from the heart,” said Zephira Derblich-Milea, who spoke twice at the event.
A couple hundred community members and their families gather in front of the Doe library for the UC Berkeley Women's March. #berkmarch pic.twitter.com/DpuOcEUhiR — Malini Ramaiyer (@malinisramaiyer) January 21, 2017
It's not clear who the would-be prankster was, as the phone number the person put on the event page went to a wrong number. The Action Network has since removed the references to Pepe and blocked the user from the platform.
“We blitzed that guy's account for violating our terms of service,” said Action Network executive director Brian Young.
Cori Kesler Marchers on U.C. Berkeley's campus.
Some attendees expressed concern that the troll had collected their personal information, including full names and email addresses. But overall they described the march as a success, pointing out the irony of a scam bringing people together.
“Yes, we were fooled by a scammer, but the joke was on him,” said Kesler.
Derblich-Milea, a lifelong Berkeley resident, described the event as “inspiring,” noting the large numbers of families with children in attendance.
“Whoever this person was clearly doesn't know who we are in Berkeley, because nothing like that was going to derail us,” she said.
“I'm proud of my fellow Berkeleyans for not having let this troll spoil the day,” said Thompson.
Berkeley's impromptu march was one of many sister marches that popped up across the country. Even in towns with less than 10,000 residents, protesters turned out in folds to march for equality.
CLOSE Most of Florida's voters voted in favor of legalizing medical marijuana, but Amendment 2 still came 2% percent shy of the votes needed to pass. Supporters vow to keep fighting. VPC
A marijuana plant grows in a Denver greenhouse. (Photo: Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY)
While Florida voters narrowly rejected a plan to legalize medical marijuana, voters in Washington, D.C., Oregon, and Alaska approved recreational pot posession and use by adults
And in Guam, voters legalized medical marijuana use, according to initial returns showing Proposal 14A passing with more than half of the vote.
Supporters say the legalization wins indicate voters think America's pot prohibition is a failure, especially since non-presidential elections tend to draw an older, more conservative electorate. Twenty-three states and the nation's capital already permit medical marijuana. Tuesday's vote means Washington, D.C., Alaska and Oregon join Colorado and Washington in allowing adults to posses and consume marijuana just for fun.
Florida's medical marijuana initiative, Amendment 2, received more than 50% of the vote, but failed to reach the 60% needed to pass.
Alaska's measure is similar to Colorado's, and Oregon's is modeled on Washington state's. Washington, D.C.'s initiative legalizes marijuana possession but doesn't establish a taxation system because voters aren't allowed to directly implement taxes themselves.
"Wins in Alaska and Oregon will provide a boost to efforts in other states because they will demonstrate the benefits of regulating and taxing marijuana. Losses won't really have much impact. After all, an initiative to make marijuana legal failed in Colorado in 2006," said Mason Tvert, a spokesman for the pro-legalization Marijuana Policy Project.
"Some states will end marijuana prohibition more quickly than others, just as some states ended alcohol prohibition more quickly than others. But they all did in the end, and now just about everybody recognizes that it was a good idea," he said.
Critics say legalizing pot will lead to increased youth use, and they fear overdoses from popular marijuana-infused foods known as "edibles."
"What we've seen is that the more people hear details about legalization, whether it is details of specific laws or details of experiences in Colorado or Washington, they are turned off from legalization," said Kevin Sabet, director of the Drug Policy Institute at the University of Florida.
"Legalization in theory, it seems, fares much better than legalization in practice," he said. "We're so far from national legalization at this point, and the recent and sudden success of legalization advocates two years ago has started a countermovement. This discussion is far from over."
• With more than 65% of votes counted, Oregon's Measure 91 had strong support from voters, with well more than half of them in support.
• Initial tallies show's Alaska's Ballot Measure 2, passing, surprising some supporters who thought they might see a narrow loss.
• Voters in Washington, D.C., overwhelmingly approved Initiative 71, but it won't apply on the large sections of federal land in the district, and Congress could always step in.
The strong support in Washington, D.C., heartened legalization supporters: "With marijuana legal in the federal government's backyard, it's going to be increasingly difficult for national politicians to continue ignoring the growing majority of voters who want to end prohibition. I've been saying for a while that 2016 presidential candidates need to start courting the cannabis constituency, and now the road to the White House quite literally travels through legal marijuana territory," said Tom Angell, chairman of the Marijuana Majority.
MORE ELECTIONS FROM USA TODAY
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tYmPUM
We've been able to watch Swift 3 materialize through the Swift Evolution mailing list throughout the year, and with WWDC 2016 behind us, we have a pretty clear picture of what Swift 3 will be.
Today we'll start taking a look at what's new and changed in this release, and how it can help us build our apps. First up is the "Great Rename", Let's begin.
It all started with this proposal on Swift Evolution:
"Better Translation of Objective-C APIs into Swift".
When Swift was first announced, one of the huge selling points was how we could use the same Cocoa APIs we were already familiar with.
Unfortunately, this meant a lot of Objective-C baggage found its way into the Swift code we were writing.
Swift 3 aims to fix this by improving the way Swift imports Objective-C code.
Take this Swift 2 code:
path . addLineToPoint ( somePoint )
The function is imported with a definition like this:
func addLineToPoint ( _ : CGPoint )
In Swift 3, this would instead be imported as:
func addLine ( to point : CGPoint )
And we could use it like this:
path . addLine ( to : containerTop )
Swift 3 removes the repetitive names of the types, and properly brings in a (now required) argument label for the first parameter.
Additionally, Swift 3 drops the NS prefix from Foundation types, so instead of:
var now = NSDate ()
We'll now be writing:
var now = Date ()
Many Foundation types also now get proper Swift let/var mutability semantics:
var now = Date () now . addTimeInterval ( 60 ) // works let now = Date () now . addTimeInterval ( 60 ) // compiler error
Swift 3 also prepends the word ‘is' to imported Objective-C Boolean properties, and converts enums to be lowercased:
path . isEmpty // was just path.empty in Swift 2
var formatter = NumberFormatter () formatter . numberStyle = . spellOut
That's all for now, next time we'll continue looking at more Swift 3 changes and enhancements.
Chatbot Credentials
Chatbot credentials (app id, secret, page tokens, etc…) can be saved to lambda env vars and retrieved when necessary.
Api Gateway and Auth
Whenever your endpoint gets a correctly signed data from a chat provider and it should return immediately one of the 200(ok), 201(created), or 202(accepted) HTTP status codes. If data is not signed correctly or signature is missing, good to return 403(forbidden) and do not move the data to SNS topic.
SNS Topics (Pub/Sub)
On every event, the event should be published to an SNS topic with the event inputs and outputs. Appropriate lambda functions should subscribe to the predefined SNS topics and process the data.
For example, after a successful authentication, the event data should be passed to the related SNS topic(or should be passed to Pub/Sub if you are using Google Cloud Platform).
Your topic subscribers(AWS lambda functions or Google Cloud functions) will process this data automatically. (The subscribers might be more than one.) Creating one cloud function for each small task, makes it more scalable and more event driven. For example; one for processing the input message, one for saving the whole input to DB and one for calling an external service.
Sending Messages To Chat Provider
When we need to send a reply message to the chat provider, this should be done using a topic and a cloud function. And this function should be only responsible from hitting the endpoint and saving the result to a topic. So, the result handler functions will be received the request and response then make other operations like save, retry, notify and so on.
Message Handlers
Message handlers are platform specific handlers for different payloads(webhook payloads for FB messenger). These handler function may talk with internal, external services to prepare final output for the chat provider. And they deliver the messages to a conversation delivery SNS topic(‘response_prepared' topic in the sample).
Service Functions
Service functions are platform independent core functions, that your chatbot needs to consume to operate properly. Separating the service functions will help you to implement multi platform chatbots easily.
DB Choice
Choice of DB is quite optional in serverless cloud. I recommend going with an option depending on later data usage, price and platform limitations.
Metrics
Metrics are the heart-beat of your apps and functions, and still they are in the serverless world. There are builtin metrics in serverless world like CloudWatch in AWS. Also another good thing is, if you are using Datadog to store metrics you won't need external API calls, with AWS/GCP integrations you can save time.
Logs
In both AWS and GCP serverless platforms, logs are only one-click away to your architecture. And, you can set log retention, which function to log, what to log easily from cloud clients or from their web panels.
President Hosni Mubarak just appeared on television and didn't step down, as many had thought he would. Instead, he insisted that he would stay in office through the September elections. He offered cosmetic changes and promises of reform down the road. For example, he said that he would lift the state of emergency…down the road…sometime when the time is right. He seems to have delegated some powers to his vice president, Omar Suleiman, while remaining in office himself.
This is of course manifestly unacceptable to the Egyptian people. Mubarak's speech was a striking reminder of the capacity of dictators to fool themselves and see themselves as indispensable. If he thinks that his softer tone will win any support, he's delusional. As he was speaking, the crowd in Tahrir was shouting “Irhal!” or “Go!” And the Egyptian state media — from television to Al Ahram, the dominant newspaper — have been turning against Mubarak, so he's losing control even of his own state apparatus. An Arab friend of mine who has met Mubarak many, many times describes him as “a stubborn old man,” and that seems exactly the problem right now. Suleiman just spoke as well, praising Mubarak and asking the youth of Egypt to go home and stop watching satellite television. Only possible conclusion: he's delusional, too. The regime seems so out of touch as to be almost suicidal.
It was interesting that Mubarak tried to push the nationalism button and blame outside forces (meaning the United States) for trying to push him out. That won't succeed, but it's actually beneficial to America, giving us credit for siding with people power that I don't think we actually deserve.
My guess is that we'll see massive demonstrations in many cities — not just Cairo — on Friday, a traditional day for demonstrations. In effect, Mubarak and Suleiman have just insulted the intelligence of the Egyptian people — and they will respond. The regime has managed to galvanize the protesters, and it may be committing suicide. And I worry a bit that somewhere or other we may see violence. People are getting frustrated, and police are scared.
One crucial question is what the military does next. It is sending signals of impatience, and there are hints that a coup could come. Senior generals have a huge stake in continuing the existing system, and at this point Mubarak is becoming an obstacle to their retaining their privileges. But in an Egyptian context, what would a coup mean? Mubarak's regime is a largely military one (in civilian clothes): Mubarak, Vice President Omar Suleiman and so many others — including nearly all the governors — are career military men. So if the military now takes over, how different will the system be?
Another question: what should the United States do? At the end of the day, Washington has relatively little influence, but its messaging will be hugely important. And the flaw with our messaging has been that we've been too wishy-washy, and we've been perceived as supporting a slow and gradual transition under Suleiman — rather than siding with democracy. I hope that we will speak out more clearly (and Obama's speech today was a step in that direction) to show respect for popular aspirations and against any kind of crackdown. One of the big questions in the next 48 hours is whether the authorities will crack down — and we should always be very clearly on the record against any use of violence.
To me, this speech is a reminder of how entrenched the powers that be are in Egypt. They have their entire way of life — and billions of dollars — at risk, and they're not going to go easily. My hunch is that at some point they'll throw Mubarak overboard, but even then they may then seek to maintain Mubarakism without Mubarak. This could get uglier. It will certainly be historic.
Of late, a new variation of the old chestnut "I'm not racist but …" has emerged. It goes: "I've got nothing against Muslims, it's Islam I hate". Otherwise known as the "Islam is not a race" argument.
After I wrote about Richard Dawkins's snide attack on the supposed dearth of Muslim scientific and cultural achievement, some critics hit back along these lines. It is acceptable to criticise and belittle Islam because it is a religion, not an ethnic grouping – and therefore fair game.
Technically, they are right – Islam is not a race. But too often, those who deploy the argument, are borrowing from the Bill Clinton school of sophistry: "I did not have racist relations with that religion".
Dawkins himself dedicated a large part of his riposte to a dissection of whether race is a biological or social construct. The argument over Islam and race was a "simple semantic disagreement", he said, before proceeding to define race according to the dictionary.
So what does the dictionary say? Racism, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is "prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior". But what does this mean in practice?
Under British law, Jewish people are classified as belonging to a race (something that Dawkins, incidentally, disagrees with) since they are deemed to have a shared culture and history that goes beyond the religious sphere. Do I share history, culture and other reference points with Muslims around the world that go beyond the practice of Islam? Definitely. But it is a loose, secular feeling.
Does this make me immune to discrimination that Muslims face? Certainly not, given the long hours I have spent in immigration queues, undergoing extended background checks and visa processing times. So clearly, in that sense, Islam is not a race, but Muslims are. It's entirely legitimate to question and interrogate Islam as a religion. It is not fair to do so against Muslims based on their religious or cultural identity.
Equally, it is disingenuous to claim that Islam has no colour. There is actually quite a strong racial dimension to Islamophobia. Muslims in the UK are predominantly brown, Asian or Arab, and there have been instances where non-Muslims from Asian communities have been lumped together with Muslims and discriminated against.
After the 9/11 attacks, some bearded and turbaned Sikh men found themselves coming under hostile scrutiny. Following the more recent Boston bombings, some media outlets described suspects as being of "Muslim appearance" – whatever that is. In the wake of Theo Van Gogh murder, racist targeting of Muslim immigrants increased.
When discrimination against some eastern Europeans in the UK is called racism, you don't hear cries of "Polish is not a race" to justify plain prejudice. The fixation on terminology and not the reality suggests a society that does not want to come to terms with the creeping ugliness of hatred. The likes of the BNP and EDL lack even a basic grasp of the rudiments of Islam, let alone an ability to parse religion and race.
Racism is behaviour, not an informed academic position. I doubt that anyone abuse Muslims in the street, or defacing a mosque, or snatching a veil off a woman's face, has paused to examine their premise beforehand. The argument that Islam is not a race is a cop out. It's time that we dispensed with it once and for all, because it prevents us from identifying acts motivated by hatred for what they really are. Islam might not be a race, but using that as a fig leaf for your unthinking prejudice is almost certainly racist.
John Stimson warns in a detailed, factual article—“Are India and Pakistan Sliding Toward War?” -- that rising tensions over Kashmir – and poor relations between Modi and Pakistan – could lead soon to war. I don't disagree with the points he assembles. Kashmir is always a tinderbox, and right now, is indeed alarming. India and Pakistan have fought four wars since Independence. Terrorist groups, some with ties to Pakistan's strong ISI, can provoke confrontations. The Subcontinent always seems on edge.
However, here are four points to suggest relations between India and Pakistan may get worse but not reach actual head-on full-scale combat between regular armed forces.
Modi will hopefully be a calming influence. It is true that he leads the BJP, which is not overly friendly toward Pakistan. But as the old saying goes, “war stifles reform.” If India gets distracted by war, it will stifle his program of forcing through tough economic reforms. That program means far more to him and his party's future than posturing with Pakistan.
Each country has a good military reason not to fight. The Indian military weaponry is, frankly, backward. India has been on a shopping spree of foreign arms purchases. But it still has a long way to escape its situation after the Mumbai terror attack by terrorists from Pakistani-supported groups, when India's land forces were simply not in shape to strike back.
Pakistan has an internal war against militants, especially the Pakistan Taliban. The war is long past the point of full hostilities. Pakistan's armed forces would face a two-front war if they took on India. (It must be admitted, though, that it is never far from the minds of the Pakistani military that they might fight with India, and so they are probably ready to cope with India.)
Other powers will pour oil on trouble waters. The United States has been trying to work with Pakistan about several vital issues, especially Afghanistan; at the same time, the United States is trying to form a low-key alliance with Modi against resurgent China. So the United States will try to cool down both sides. (In a prev' ious article, though, I did suggest that the United States' sharing of military and nuclear technology with India might rile Pakistan.) China is Pakistan's ally, but it does not want to be India's enemy, nor would it want a defeat to destabilize Pakistan. So China will not be an opponent of peace.
So: while war is definitely something to worry about, hope for peace
A feasibility study on the trail has estimated it would generate 210,000 visitors per year, more than $30 million of annual economic benefit and more than 220 jobs. A report recently prepared for Yarra Ranges councillors said the project cost was $10.6 million. The trail would create a continuous off-road circuit through the Yarra Valley of at least 60 kilometres, starting and finishing at Lilydale, by linking up with the Lilydale to Warburton Rail Trail. Cyclists could extend their journey by about 17 kilometres further east, to Warburton, along the existing trail, before returning to Lilydale.
Yarra Ranges councillors have backed the project, and council consider it a "priority". "There is no need for a car and the trail will provide a convenient day trip to the Yarra Valley and Dandenong Ranges and its well-established wineries and food destinations, significant National and State Parks and the Healesville Sanctuary Zoo," the report said. "The trail will encompass spectacular vistas of Christmas Hills and the Dandenong Ranges providing a unique recreation and cultural experience for the local community and visitors." Robyn Mansfield from the Yarra Ranges Council said the trail would be a major drawcard. "It's another opportunity for us to escalate the Yarra Valley as a premier tourist destination and something that is also going to support our local residents," she said.
Importantly, the trail would give locals another way to move around the district, she said. "It's a very car-dependent area out there. So it also provides a lot more opportunities for the local residents to become more active and be more connected with their local area." Simon O'Callaghan from Yarra Ranges Tourism said the project would build on other nature-based Yarra Valley experiences. "What we're really excited about is that this trail creates a loop that will encourage overnight stays. And a lot of travellers on international bike trails are looking for mid-week travel as well, which is really important for us" he said. Bicycle Network CEO Craig Richards strongly endorsed the proposed trail. "This is a great project that would not only let locals explore their own backyard by bike, but also further open the area up to tourism," he said.
We'll miss Bernadine's I-10 Tower. Image: Stuart Mullenburg
Planning to grab a Jerry Built Burger or have dinner at Glass Wall? Think again. Here are the most recent closures in greater Houston, as well as some reliable rumors of what's to come.
Closings
Bernadine's and Hunky Dory, Treadsack's high-profiled Gulf Coast restaurant and British American-inspired tavern concepts at 1801 North Shepherd, have closed. The closures come after months of ongoing issues stemming from last year's abrupt shutter of critically-acclaimed Thai-focused Foreign Correspondents, to the recent departures of both restaurants' executive chefs Richard Knight and Graham Laborde.
Smoked meat house Charlie's BBQ has closed following extensive fire damage in early May. At present, it's unclear if owners of the longtime fixture at 8220 Airline Drive will rebuild.
Desi Express, an Indo-Pak restaurant at 5838 New Territory Boulevard in Sugar Land, recently closed its doors.
Glass Wall, a Studewood Hospitality eatery in the Heights, has shuttered. The restaurant group is planning to open a more casual concept in the 933 Studewood Street space soon.
Comfort food spot Grafitti's at Union St. closed its 2003 Union Street storefront in late May. The eatery plans to open in an as-yet-undisclosed location in the coming months, a welcome relief for fans of the restaurant's Texas-sized chicken fried steaks, piled-high burgers and homemade milkshakes.
Hot Toppings, a local build-it-yourself pizza joint from David Petty, has closed its doors at 7705 Westheimer Road. The eatery, which specialized in one-price pies with unlimited fresh toppings, also halted plans for a downtown tunnel location.
After closing its Woodlands outpost in February, the remaining locations of Houston-based Jerry Built Homegrown Burgers have also closed. The original West University area restaurant opened five years ago at 3501 West Holcombe Boulevard opened five years ago, while the mini-chain the newest addition at 10403 Katy Freeway opened last year.
La Macro, a trompo haven from owner Saul Obregon, closed its 5111 Washington Avenue storefront in mid-May. The restaurant was previously located at 1822 North Main before closing its doors in 2014. Obregon is reportedly looking for another permanent spot for his concept with the Heights and EaDo as strong contenders. In the meantime, trompo lovers can get their fix at La Macro's food truck stationed at Raven Tower most evenings.
Night Market is coming back soon, but don't show up hungry tonight. Image: Cooper + Ricca
Mike Tran and Rikesh Patel's Night Market Curry & Grill is temporarily closed. The southeast Asian spot at 9630 Clarewood Drive, Suite A12, is expected to reopen this summer with a revised menu and other kitchen changes. (Wondering what it was like before? Read our recent restaurant review of both Night Market and Maba Pan-Asian Diner.)
Pho Line, a spot for soup and Vietnamese fare, closed its doors in early May at 13711 Westheimer, Suite A, in the West Oaks Place Shopping Center. The restaurant hopes to reopen soon in another location.
Once a lively go-to spot on the River Oaks scene, Sullivan's Steakhouse has shuttered at 4608 Westheimer Road. The Texas-based chain's sister restaurant Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House remains open in the Galleria.
After a two-and-a-half-year run in Pearland, Niko Niko's closed that outpost in late May. The Greek restaurant was a mini version of its legendary Montrose flagship, situated inside H-E-B Plus at 2805 Business Center Drive. The space won't stay empty for long, however. The Simple Greek, a fast-casual, Mediterranean-inspired chain based in Pittsburgh, is moving in as early as this summer possibly. Expect build-your-own bowls and pita-filled options in a counter-service setting.
Dig Inn's farm-to-counter fare could be coming to Houston. Image: Courtesy of Dig Inn
Rumor Mill
A third Fox Restaurant Concepts eatery may be bound for Houston. The restaurant group behind health-focused True Food Kitchen and casual Italian spot North Italia in BLVD Place has another concept in mind for the Uptown area. This time around, the Scottsdale-based company is rumored to be bringing Blanco Tacos + Tequila to the Galleria. Offering Mexican fare and plenty of agave-based spirits, this modern south-of-the-border eatery could arrive some time in 2018.
Construction is currently underway for Sbarro's fast-casual, Neapolitan-inspired spinoff Cucinova at 10535 Fry Road in the Cypress area Lakeland Village Center, but could there be another outlet in the works nearby? There is talk that the Ohio import has its eyes set on Katy, with a possible location in retail center The Shoppes at Grand Crossing at the Grand Parkway. A representative for the restaurant declined to comment.
Dig Inn, a fast-casual eatery from New York with a farm-to-table focus, could possibly have its eyes on Houston. The NYC-based mini-chain is known for its grain bowls and seasonally driven menu, which utilizes locally sourced ingredients from nearby farms and producers.
While Roka Akor readies for the June debut of its River Oaks Japanese concept at 2929 Weslayan Street, parent company JNK Concepts is already thinking of other restaurants to roll out in Houston. Marigold Maison, an Indian eatery, and Enolo Wine Café could possibly pop up on the dining scene down the road.
Hakkasan, the hospitality giant behind Yauatcha, is exploring even more restaurant options in Houston. Reportedly, So-Cal coastal-inspired Herringbone and restaurant/lounge hybrid Ling Ling are possible concepts. Herringbone, which along with Hakkasan's Searsucker, has been rumored for the Bayou City for several years, is a “fish meats field” restaurant from Top Chef also-ran Brian Malarkey (think surf and turf with a heavy Southern California bent). Ling Ling on the other hand, features small Cantonese plates.
We're sold on the Cookie Monster doughnut at Hurts Donut. Image: Courtesy of Hurts Donut
A franchised location of Missouri-based Hurt Donut is rumored for Katy. The breakfast-friendly spot boasts over two dozens doughnut varieties on a rotating menu, which includes cereal-bedecked and maple glazed circular treats. Other items featured are giant cinnamon rolls, kolaches, and doughnut blended milkshakes topped with—what else?—a doughnut adorned straw. No word yet on the location or its estimated arrival time.
After relocating to Cypress, Koala Kolache is actively seeking to expand its presence with sights set on Houston's inner loop. The popular bakery known for its ice-cream-stuffed doughnuts and kolaches, is planning a flagship store in one of Houston's hottest neighborhoods. Downtown, Midtown, Uptown, River Oaks, the Heights and West University are possible contenders.
A popular West University Vietnamese hub may be expanding to Montrose. Miss Saigon Café is rumored to be opening in the Braun Enterprise-acquired strip center at 1415 Richmond Avenue. The eatery could replace shuttered Pepino's Italian Restaurant at 1421 Richmond Avenue.
The group behind casual Vietnamese spots Les Givral's Kahve and Oui Banh Mi reportedly have plans for a new concept in partnership with the White Oak Music Hall development. Oui Eats, the tentative name for the forthcoming eatery situated across the bayou from the entertainment venue at 2645 North Main, will feature a set-up inspired by Austin's Mozart Coffee. Despite multiple requests, Les Givral's owners remain tight-lipped on the project, including rumored plans for a Oui Eats concept in the Galleria.
Soul-stirring bowls of Pho Binh's rice noodle soup could soon fill the bellies of Vietnamese food-loving Montrose residents. Considered to be among Houston's premiere spots for pho, the family-owned mini-chain, with locations spanning the city, is rumored to have plans for a branch at 2011 Waugh Street in Montrose. Look for vermicelli bowls and rice plates to possibly arrive later this year.
Punch Bowl Social, a food-and-cocktail-forward entertainment emporium from Denver, is rumored to be planning a Houston outpost—that is once a location is locked down. The retro spot serves as an adult playground complete with games of all kinds (think vintage arcade games, a bowling alley, ping pong, shuffleboard and more merriment). In addition to craft beverages and punch bowl creations, there's a Southern-inspired dining menu designed by Top Chef judge and James Beard Foundation award-winning chef Hugh Acheson.
Having nabbed a coveted top 10 spot on Texas Monthly's “50 Best BBQ Joints” in the state, owner-pitmaster Leonard Botello IV of Truth BBQ in Brenham may have big plans in store for his booming smoked meat sanctuary. Rumors are swirling of a Houston outpost for Truth Barbecue in the near future. It's not far-fetched to think Botello would have Houston in mind as a possible location for expansion. Before moving to Brenham and opening Truth last year, the young pitmaster, along with his family, operated now-shuttered Café Annice in neighboring Brazoria County.
Last year, Baton Rouge-based Walk-On's Bistreaux & Bar announced plans to bring its sports bar concept to the Houston area, complete with waitresses donning cheerleading uniforms. The Drew Brees-backed hangout is expected to open several locations across the city, the first of which is reportedly set to arrive by the summer of 2018. Though no official word has been released regarding specific locations, there are speculations that one may land in MetroNational Memorial City at 10100 Katy Freeway.
Washington has seen a proliferation of think tanks, particularly small institutions with narrow interests tied to specific industries. At the same time, the brand names of the field have experienced explosive growth. Brookings's annual budget has doubled in the last decade, to $100 million. The American Enterprise Institute is spending at least $80 million on a new headquarters in Washington, not far from where the Center for Strategic and International Studies built a $100 million office tower.
The shift has occurred as nonprofits in general have been under increasing pressure from their donors to meet specific goals. But for think tanks, that pressure can threaten their standing as independent arbiters in policy debates in Congress, the White House and the news media.
“Wouldn't it be nice to go back to the greatest generation, in the post-World War II era of philanthropy, where they said, gosh, ‘Here is $1 million; spend it how you wish,'” Kimberly Churches, the managing director at Brookings, said in an interview.
Think tank executives reject any suggestion that they are tools of corporate influence campaigns and say they are simply teaming up with donors that have similar goals, like helping cities with economic development.
“We do not compromise our integrity,” said Martin S. Indyk, Brookings's executive vice president. “We maintain our core values of quality, independence, as well as impact.”
But he acknowledged that the arrangement to appoint the Lennar executive as a senior fellow had created the “appearance of a conflict of interest.” And he said that Brookings, in the interest of transparency, had recently decided to prohibit corporations or corporate-backed foundations from making anonymous contributions.
At think tanks like Brookings, the majority of reports and events, with titles like “Five Evils: Multidimensional Poverty and Race in America” or “India at the Global High Table,” have no obvious link to corporate donors.
16 Sep 2017
Seb praises teamwork for overnight progress. Kimi: “We've got a chance”
Marina Bay – At the end of an incredibly tense qualifying session, in which as many as 13 drivers improved over last year's pole position time, Sebastian took the top slot on the grid for Scuderia Ferrari. Today's result takes the team's total number of pole positions to 212, its third at the Marina Bay circuit and the fourth for Seb with Scuderia Ferrari, three of which have been achieved with the SF70H car. Kimi Raikkonen paid a heavy price for a small mistake in his very last run and had to settle for P4, nevertheless showing consistent improvement since the beginning of the weekend.
“Yesterday I wasn't smiling, today I am” said Seb. “When you belong to a team, you need to believe in each other and this is the perfect proof. Our Friday was messy, but our team has worked all night long and I am grateful for that. Here the guys worked all night and got to sleep around breakfast time, I believe. Meanwhile, back at the factory, Charles Leclerc worked at the simulator and other people analysed the data. Yesterday it seemed that we were not competitive enough and a lot of answers were missing. At the beginning of qualifying I was just thinking about doing my job. Then in Q3 I attacked, and I am very happy it worked”.
He then continued: “For us it's important to turn up the day. If it's a bad day, we want to change it making it a good one because we always try to have good days. I think yesterday was very important for us because we learnt from it. It was a hard lesson but we improved our understanding of the car and the track evolution came to us. Now we probably have a better idea what the car needs. There are always lessons that need to be learnt and I am quite happy that we had a bad day yesterday. We are happy we got the pole today because it always helps. But the race is tomorrow, so we'll see what happens”.
Kimi had this to say about his weekend so far: “It has been difficult since yesterday and even today it was not easy. The whole track felt very tricky to drive, it was hard to be quick and put the car where we wanted; in some sectors we were more competitive than in others. In qualifying it was a bit better compared to yesterday and this afternoon's P3 practice, but I was still far from feeling comfortable to push. I was still fighting trying to do a good lap and it was easy to make mistakes and lose lap time. To finish fourth is not ideal but I'll take it considering all the struggles that we have had so far ; it could easily have been worse. At least we gave ourselves a chance for tomorrow and hopefully with a bit of luck we can gain some positions. We'll tackle it as a new day. Lately our starts have been quite decent, so we'll try to make good progress and see where we end up”.
Pep Guardiola is not the type of manager who will blindly subscribe to clichés about English football, as a comment at a recent press conference demonstrated.
When asked if the intensity of the Premier League harmed English teams' prospects in Europe, Guardiola questioned whether, in fact, the intensity in England is any different to Spain or Germany.
"I hear a lot of times about the intensity in the Premier League when none of you have been in La Liga or the Bundesliga to know how intense it is," he said. "Here the problem is maybe there are more games, but the way they play in Germany, for example, is amazing."
Another accepted cliché about English football, however, is that the level of physicality is fiercer than anywhere else in Europe. Traditionally, English referees are more lenient and more teams play long ball football, providing continental players and coaches with a different type of test. It would be interesting to know whether Guardiola subscribes to this view - and it would be even more fascinating to discover if his approach changes after this weekend.
West Bromwich Albion West Bromwich Albion Manchester City 0 4 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
On Saturday, City travel to the Hawthorns, to play Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion.
This will be the greatest stylistic contrast of the Premier League season, and perhaps one of the greatest in Premier League history too. It's difficult to think of two more opposing managers than Guardiola and Tony Pulis: the former a young, cultured, smartly dressed footballing philosopher, the other a back-to-basics veteran who dresses in tracksuit and baseball cap, and tells his players that the opposition don't like it up them.
Well, there's slightly more to it than that. Pulis is a highly effective training ground coach, and regularly assembles amongst the most settled, organized and miserly defences in the Premier League. There are never gaps between the four defenders, while the midfield screens the backline excellently, generally forcing the opposition to go wide.
If the opposition is compelled to cross the ball, Pulis' players are happy coping with aerial balls - although he's often used a specialist full-back this season, it's not uncommon for Pulis to field a defence featuring four natural centre-backs, who play extremely narrow and defend the width of the penalty box manfully. Last season, Pulis also experimented with centre-back Jonny Evans in a midfield role, determined to get aerial power and defensive solidity in the team wherever possible.
Of course, this considerably boosts West Brom's performance at set-piece situations, too - both defending and attacking. They've already scored four goals from dead ball situations this season, the most in the Premier League.
While Pulis is determined to play centre-backs in other positions, Guardiola is determined to field players from other positions at centre-back. He's used the likes of Aleksandar Kolarov and Gael Clichy in the middle this season, and is entirely happy to deploy John Stones, whose main weakness is defending, as a defender.
After a blistering start at Manchester City, Pep Guardiola's side is winless in six and desperate for a result at West Brom.
Guardiola cares primarily about technical quality, and confidence in possession. Indeed, it's no surprise to learn that while Manchester City lead the way in terms of possession this season, averaging 63.7% so far, West Brom's average share is the lowest in the division, just 36.9%. The difference starts from the back: Claudio Bravo was recruited because he's comfortable in possession and completes 80% of his passes, generally to the centre-backs, while his opposite number Ben Foster is tasked with kicking long, and therefore only 42% find a teammate.
The most interesting aspect of the game, however, will be whether Guardiola decides to change his approach slightly to guard against West Brom's threat. While Guardiola insists upon a brand of short passing football, he's also a studious manager who scouts the opposition thoroughly, and tinkers with his system accordingly.
Therefore, while we're unlikely to see him switch strategy entirely, it would probably be wise to use centre-backs who are more commanding in the air and full-backs who boast aerial prowess. The recent return of Vincent Kompany could be very useful - it remains to be seen whether City's captain can force a way into Guardiola's first-choice XI, but he's exactly the type of defender you want battling against Salomon Rondon, for example. Guardiola, though, should be able to make minor alterations without upsetting his side's passing patterns.
Guardiola will also emphasize the importance of City playing their proactive possession game. Hold onto the ball for long periods, and there will be fewer long balls to fight against and fewer set-pieces to defend. Do that and the contrast in approach could be even greater than usual, with City's possession share likely to hover around the 75% mark.
Many in English football would love West Brom to prevail this weekend, to witness the Premier League old-timer get one over upon the serial La Liga and Bundesliga champion. It's not, however, exclusively about a dislike of Guardiola himself, more a desire to see him forced to adapt his approach to cope with an entirely different style of football. There's nothing wrong with that - football remains so fascinating partly because of the various wildly different approaches across league, and tactically it remains complex because top managers have to adjust their approach to account for the opposition.
Guardiola must show he can cope with the type of aerial bombardment he'll rarely have encountered in Spain or Germany, and it would be another string to his bow if he proves able to build a slightly different type of side, to adjust to a different challenge in a different league. Heterogeneity is vital to keep football exciting.
A failure to triumph at the Hawthorns, though, and it will be seven consecutive winless matches for Guardiola - an alarmingly poor run. Some will call for him to change tack entirely, to build a more solid, pragmatic side. Guardiola, however, will simply concentrate on creating a side playing the same time of football, simply at a higher level.
Michael Cox is the editor of zonalmarking.net and a contributor to ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @Zonal_Marking.
Spread the word
The American Quarter Horse Association has taken action over 11 trainers recently suspended by the Louisiana Racing Commission and the Zia Park Board of Stewards in New Mexico over the use of the drug known as frog juice.
The 11 trainers had horses test positive for the Class 1 drug known as dermorphin. They are Alvin Smith, Jr, John D. Soileau, Lamont Charles, Alonzo Loya, Kyi Lormand, Heath Taylor, Anthony Agilar, Gonzalo Gonzales, John Henry Bassett, Jeffery Heath Reed and Carlos Sedillo.
The association has suspended any AQHA memberships issued to the above trainers pending final outcome of their cases with the Louisiana or New Mexico Racing Commissions.
It said the trainers had certain appeal rights governed by the racing jurisdictions that issued the disciplinary actions. The association said it would continue to monitor the cases and had taken its action pending the final outcome of the cases.
Effective from last Friday, horses in which the trainers are listed as an owner or trainer will be ineligible to receive AQHA racing points or AQHA honors/awards, including AQHA year-end Champion or AQHA Regional High Point recognition.
Effective from the same date, horses in which the above trainers are listed as an owner or trainer shall be ineligible to enter any AQHA Challenge regional, bonus or maiden races, including the upcoming 2012 Bank of America Racing Challenge Championships to be held October 27th at Prairie Meadows Race Track and Casino in Altoona, Iowa.
The association said its action stems from the following penalties issued by the Louisiana Racing Commission and New Mexico Board of Stewards:
Louisiana Racing Commission penalties:
Alvin Smith, Jr.; 10 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $20,000
John Soileau; 10 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $20,000
Lamont Charles; 3 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $2,500
Alonzo Loya; 5 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $10,000
Kyi Lormand; 3 year suspension beginning July 4, 2012; fined $2,500
Heath Taylor; 5 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $10,000
Anthony Agilar; 3 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $5,000
Gonzalo Gonzales; 3 year suspension beginning October 29, 2012; fined $2,500
The eight suspensions above include denial of access to all racetracks, off-track wagering facilities and recognized training tracks under the jurisdiction of the Louisiana Racing Commission.
Zia Park Board of Stewards penalties:
John Henry Bassett; 10 year suspension beginning October 12, 2012; fined $10,000
Jeffrey Heath Reed; 21 year suspension beginning October 19, 2012; fined $23,000
Carlos Sedillo; 10 year suspension beginning October 20, 2012; fined $10,000
The three suspensions above include exclusion of the trainers from all areas of the grounds under the jurisdiction of the New Mexico Racing Commission and stipulation that all horses owned, trained or under the care of such trainers are ineligible to be entered or start in any race under the jurisdiction of the New Mexico Racing Commission.
The quarter horse body said meetings were being held that bring together the national associations to discuss ways to further strengthen rules, policies and plans to move forward with reformed racing rules.
“The vast majority of our members love and enjoy spending time with their horses,” association executive vice president Don Treadway said.
“They want the drug issue cleaned up, and AQHA is dedicated to using the resources we have available to make sure this happens.
“The statements made over the last several months by tracks such as Los Alamitos, Ruidoso Downs, Remington Park and actions taken by racing jurisdictions such as California, New Mexico and Louisiana show that progress is being made.
“We applaud them and others for their efforts in addressing these issues, and encourage all racing jurisdictions to reciprocate and recognize rulings from other jurisdictions,” he said.
The frog juice story broke in June after racing authorities heard rumours of the substance, supposedly drawn from the backs of South American frogs, being used in horses.
A Denver laboratory tweaked its testing and began to get positive returns for dermorphin.
A professor of pharmacology at Oklahoma State University, Craig Stevens, said at the time that dermorphin would make animals “hyper”.
“For a racehorse, it would be beneficial. The animal wouldn't feel pain, and it would have feelings of excitation and euphoria.”
At that time, more than 40 horses from four states had tentatively tested positive for the substance.
The frog in question is Phyllomedusa sauvagei, native to South America. The form used in racehorses was probably artificially synthesized.
OTTAWA -- Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer is not ready to remove Sen. Lynn Beyak from caucus, despite her coming under fire over her suggestion that First Nations people give up their status cards.
Scheer said Sen. Beyak "no longer has a role" in the Conservative caucus, but didn't elaborate on what that means, and stopped short of saying whether he'd take action to remove her.
"I believe in having a positive, respectful approach to First Nations' issues," said Scheer in an interview with Evan Solomon, host of CTV's Question Period airing Sunday.
"Members of Parliament, members of the Senate who share in that can play a valuable role. Members who don't, have to make that decision."
Sen. Beyak is facing renewed criticism for her comments about Indigenous people after an open letter she published on her Senate website came to light earlier this week.
"None of us are leaving, so let's stop the guilt and blame and find a way to live together and share. Trade your status card for a Canadian citizenship, with a fair and negotiated payout to each Indigenous man, woman and child in Canada, to settle all the outstanding land claims and treaties, and move forward together just like the leaders already do in Ottawa," Sen. Beyak wrote.
Indigenous people who were born in Canada are Canadian citizens.
Scheer said the leader of the Conservatives in the Senate, Sen. Larry Smith, is dealing with it.
Earlier this week, Smith's office said he's taken "additional steps to address Senator Beyak's ongoing role within our Caucus."
The Ontario senator was removed from the Senate Committee on Aboriginal People last spring, by his predecessor Rona Ambrose, after Beyak said there were positives that came from residential schools.
Canada's minister for Crown-Indigenous relations and northern affairs Carolyn Bennett slammed Sen. Beyak's recent comments as "uninformed and simply offensive," and Winnipeg Mayor Brian Bowman called for her resignation from the Senate.
Scheer is suggesting Sen. Beyak talk to survivors of residential schools.
"Talk to many of the survivors, many of the people who have come and shared their stories with either a parliamentary committee, or in the Truth and Reconciliation [Commission]," he said.
Sen. Beyak told CTV News Wednesday that her letter stands for itself and she will not comment further. A call to her office Friday went unanswered and her voicemail box was full.
In the wide-ranging interview, Scheer also delved in to his planned line of attack over the Liberal's proposed changes aimed at addressing tax loopholes for business owners; said he will be voting against the government's marijuana legalization legislation because he says the government's "artificial deadline" is rushing a major shift in Canadian society; and doubled back on the government's payout to Omar Khadr, which he views as the “absolute wrong thing to do.”
Watch Question Period Sunday mornings on CTV, CTV News Channel, CTVNEWS.CA, and CTV News GO at 11 a.m. ET, 10 a.m. CT, 9 a.m. MT and 8 a.m. PT
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 15, 2012, 1:40 PM GMT
WASHINGTON - The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits surged last week to a 1 1/2-year high, a sign Superstorm Sandy had dented the economy by leaving tens of thousands of people out of work.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits rose 78,000 to a seasonally adjusted 439,000, the Labor Department said on Thursday. That was well above the median forecast in a Reuters poll of 375,000.
An analyst from the department said several states from the mid-Atlantic and Northeast reported large increases in claims due to Sandy, a mammoth storm that slammed into the East Coast in late October.
The deadly storm left millions of homes and businesses without electricity, although the economic impact of the storm is likely to be temporary.
Economists expect the storm could shave as much as half a percentage point from economic growth in the fourth quarter. However, any lost activity should be made up early next year.
Retail sales data on Wednesday pointed to a softening in U.S. consumer spending early in the fourth quarter. Overall retail sales fell as Sandy slammed the brakes on automobile purchases last month.
The surge in new jobless claims last week was the biggest one-week increase since September 2005.
The four-week moving average for jobless claims, which smoothes out volatility, rose 11,750 to 383,750. Economists generally think a reading below 400,000 points to an increase in employment.
Continuing claims for jobless benefits rose 17,750 in the week ended Nov. 3 to a seasonally adjusted 3.255 million, the highest level since July 2008, the Labor Department said.
2014 New York Laws
PEN - Penal
Part 3 - SPECIFIC OFFENSES
Title N - OFFENSES AGAINST PUBLIC ORDER, PUBLIC SENSIBILITIES AND THE RIGHT TO PRIVACY
Article 250 - (250.00 - 250.65) OFFENSES AGAINST THE RIGHT TO PRIVACY
250.45 - Unlawful surveillance in the second degree.
250.45 Unlawful surveillance in the second degree. A person is guilty of unlawful surveillance in the second degree when: 1. For his or her own, or another person's amusement, entertainment, or profit, or for the purpose of degrading or abusing a person, he or she intentionally uses or installs, or permits the utilization or installation of an imaging device to surreptitiously view, broadcast or record a person dressing or undressing or the sexual or other intimate parts of such person at a place and time when such person has a reasonable expectation of privacy, without such person's knowledge or consent; or 2. For his or her own, or another person's sexual arousal or sexual gratification, he or she intentionally uses or installs, or permits the utilization or installation of an imaging device to surreptitiously view, broadcast or record a person dressing or undressing or the sexual or other intimate parts of such person at a place and time when such person has a reasonable expectation of privacy, without such person's knowledge or consent; or 3. (a) For no legitimate purpose, he or she intentionally uses or installs, or permits the utilization or installation of an imaging device to surreptitiously view, broadcast or record a person in a bedroom, changing room, fitting room, restroom, toilet, bathroom, washroom, shower or any room assigned to guests or patrons in a motel, hotel or inn, without such person's knowledge or consent. (b) For the purposes of this subdivision, when a person uses or installs, or permits the utilization or installation of an imaging device in a bedroom, changing room, fitting room, restroom, toilet, bathroom, washroom, shower or any room assigned to guests or patrons in a hotel, motel or inn, there is a rebuttable presumption that such person did so for no legitimate purpose; or 4. Without the knowledge or consent of a person, he or she intentionally uses or installs, or permits the utilization or installation of an imaging device to surreptitiously view, broadcast or record, under the clothing being worn by such person, the sexual or other intimate parts of such person; or 5. For his or her own, or another individual's amusement, entertainment, profit, sexual arousal or gratification, or for the purpose of degrading or abusing a person, the actor intentionally uses or installs or permits the utilization or installation of an imaging device to surreptitiously view, broadcast, or record such person in an identifiable manner: (a) engaging in sexual conduct, as defined in subdivision ten of section 130.00 of this part; (b) in the same image with the sexual or intimate part of any other person; and (c) at a place and time when such person has a reasonable expectation of privacy, without such person's knowledge or consent. Unlawful surveillance in the second degree is a class E felony.
Strategy Analytics has released its latest report on the smartphone market. The smartphone shipments worldwide throughout the Q1 this year grew 33% annually setting another record with 281 million units. The mobile phone shipments (including featurephones and smartphones) also grew by 9.4% to 407.9 units shipped globally.
Even though the smartphone shipments are growing rapidly, the top manufacturers are losing market share in favor of the second-tier ones. Samsung keeps its first place in the smartphone market with 31.2% share, dropping 1.2% down from Q1 last year. Apple also lost 2.2% share and is now holding 15.3% at the second place. Huawei kept its third place with minor boost, while Lenovo shipments grew by 0.8%.
Global Smartphone Vendor Shipments (Millions of Units) Q1 '13 Q1 '14 Samsung 69.4 89.0 Apple 37.4 43.7 Huawei 10.1 13.4 Lenovo 8.4 13.3 Others 88.7 125.6 Total 213.9 285.0
Global Smartphone Vendor Marketshare % Q1 '13 Q1 '14 Samsung 32.4% 31.2% Apple 17.5% 15.3% Huawei 4.7% 4.7% Lenovo 3.9% 4.7% Others 41.5% 44.1%
All global mobile phones shipments, as we already mentioned, have also reported a noticeable increase. Here Samsung, Nokia, and LG are all losing small bits of market share in favor of Apple, Huawei and the second-tier of manufacturers (TCL-Alcatel, Coolpad, Lenovo, Xiaomi and others).
Global Mobile Phone Vendor Shipments (Millions of Units) Q1 '13 Q1 '14 Samsung 106.6 113.0 Nokia 61.9 47.0 Apple 37.4 43.7 LG 16.2 16.4 Huawei 11.6 14.2 Others 139.0 173.6 Total 372.7 407.9
Global Mobile Phone Vendor Marketshare % Q1 '13 Q1 '14 Samsung 28.6% 27.7% Nokia 16.6% 11.5% Apple 10.0% 10.7% LG 4.3% 4.0% Huawei 3.1% 3.5% Others 37.3% 42.6%
Now that Lenovo is on the verge of acquiring Motorola and Microsoft has just completed its Nokia Devices deal, we should be seeing some interesting changes in those reports throughout the upcoming quarters.
Source 1 | Source 2 | Via
The Rhode Island medical examiner's office is trying to determine whether a body found in Providence is that of a missing Brown University student.
City police say members of Brown's crew team found the body Tuesday afternoon in waters off a city park.
Authorities say the man appeared to be in his 20s. Cmdr. Thomas Oates says there are indications it could be 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi, who disappeared in March. He declined to elaborate.
Relatives of Tripathi, who's from Bryn Mawr, Pa., have been searching for him with help from the FBI and Brown students.
Tripathi's family says he was on leave from the Ivy League school and living with classmates in Providence.
The medical examiner's office was planning an autopsy for Wednesday. Oates said identification wasn't expected until Thursday.
US corporate profits return to record levels
By Andre Damon
1 March 2011
While millions of Americans confront the daily miseries of unemployment, home foreclosure and poverty as a result of the economic crisis, corporate profits are soaring.
Walmart, the world's largest retail chain, announced last week that its profits grew by 27 percent in the fourth quarter of 2010, while sales at US stores have declined for the second year in a row. The company made $6 billion in profits in the fourth quarter, up from $4.8 billion a year before and $3.5 billion in the third quarter of 2010.
Home Depot posted a 72 percent increase in profits, after sales increased by 3.8 percent in the fourth quarter. Profits reached $587 million, up from $342 million a year earlier.
Hundreds of companies have posted similar figures. The story is the same: sales and revenues have fallen or ticked up slightly, while profits have grown by double digits.
The discrepancy between revenues and profits is due to the fact that the “recovery” in corporate balance sheets is built on layoffs and speedup. “A lot of the recent profits are based on the revenue from cost-cutting,” said James L. Butkeiwiz, professor of economics at the University of Delaware, in a telephone interview.
Walmart, for instance, cut over 11,000 jobs at its Sam's Club warehouse stores in January 2010, about 10 percent of the subsidiary's workforce. Home Depot cut 7,000 jobs in 2009 and shuttered 34 of its Expo home design stores in 2009.
Corporate profits reached an annual rate of $1.659 trillion in the third quarter of 2010, and it is possible that fourth quarter profits, which have not yet been aggregated, were even higher.
As a result of these record profits, companies have found themselves with huge stockpiles of cash. US corporations had a record $1.93 trillion in cash and similar assets in December, the last time figures were released.
Instead of investing, companies have used this cash to buy back their own stocks, enriching executives and shareholders without creating jobs. In January 2011, stock buybacks reached their highest level since the start of the economic downturn. That month, companies bought back $57 billion in shares, compared to $357 billion for all of last year, according to Trimtabs, the finance data company.
Intel, the maker of computer chips, announced the largest buyback thus far, amounting to $10 billion, on January 24. Within two weeks, Pfizer, the pharmaceutical company, and media conglomerate Time Warner each followed with $5 billion.
Trimtabs said that buyback activity was up by 25 percent in the fourth quarter over the third, reaching an average of $1.7 billion daily. “Companies have a lot of cash and they don't feel very confident in investing it,” said Vincent Deluard, the company's executive vice president, in a telephone interview.
Compared to boosting dividends, the more traditional method of disbursing excess cash, stock buybacks are preferred by executives because they increase the values of their own existing shares. “Stock buybacks benefit executives,” said Charles Elson, a professor of corporate governance at the University of Delaware. “If they have options, then a buyback is significantly more favorable than just paying dividends. “
Aggressive wage cuts, together with layoffs and speedup, have resulted in drastic increases in labor productivity, which grew by 6 percent in 2010 following similar gains the previous year.
“Firms have maintained productivity by laying off workers, and they're not willing to hire,” said Dr. Butkeiwicz. “Often, productivity falls in recessions, but it hasn't this time around.”
As a result, corporations have managed to increase productivity while cutting output. “Companies have to be happy, there's no question about that,” Butkeiwicz said. “They've got to do something with their money, so they're just buying back stock.”
In the face of an economic crisis that has led to at least 8 million layoffs and over 6 million home foreclosures, by its own estimates the Obama administration's programs have created 586,340 jobs, only about one 16th of those lost since the beginning of the recession. High unemployment is in fact a deliberate policy, aimed at providing a rapid recovery in corporate profits at the expense of workers.
This policy is manifest most clearly at General Motors, which posted its first annual profit since 2004 last week. The company made $4.7 billion for the year, the most since 1999, in a dramatic return to profitability.
This was the direct outcome of the Obama administration's restructuring program, in which the government insisted that workers take major concessions. The contract forced onto autoworkers in 2009 drastically increased the proportion of workers making $14 per hour, half the previous wage, combined with thousands of layoffs.
This White House-managed corporate restructuring, initiated in early 2009, opened the floodgates for other companies to take similar measures on their own initiative, using the economic crisis to lay off thousands and impose speedup and wage cuts on those who remained.
Two years after the process started, the end result is clear: millions unemployed, millions in foreclosure, and record corporate profits.
Some health care insurance coverage companies, are nowadays grateful for his or her worker's concept of dropping your client's policies and cancel the payment for their own health care expenses that are medical admit recent investigations in health care insurance coverage domain. The article that is NAHU many leading causes for the rising healthcare costs plus the the aging process populace, pharmaceutical costs, new technologies and lifestyle are listed in the top 5. The four decades World that is following War witnessed even more extraordinary advances into the ability of medical care to prevent and relieve suffering. This will not bode well for care delivery, specially if it means increased waits, rationing of care, restricted or no access, and quality that is poor of. Oral health continues to be a issue that is major African Us citizens, but only 3 % of dentists are black colored.
As an example, we merged biomarkers that are aging drug goals into Aging-related markers and targets, as aging-related biomarkers had been investigated in various studies, and many of them had been selected as drug targets for anti-cancer or anti-aging treatments 35 - 38 Currently the device contains two main top-level groups: natural and behavioral and social sciences and three auxiliary top-level categories: events and training programs, theories of aging and infrastructure.
Your revenue: in the years ahead, when you may have fewer assets, spending thousands of dollars a year for a long-term care policy might not make sense if you have difficulty paying your bills now or are concerned about paying them.
The growth of health policy is many usually the responsibility of the without any wellness expertise, with little representation regarding the population that is black.
Health Care Reform, Wellness Economics, And Health Policy
Additionally, People in america have actually been more positive than negative in two past Gallup measures of the notion of a single-payer system that is federally funded although whenever offered the possibility to state so, a big percentage of People in america state they don't really understand enough about it to have a viewpoint. By the token that is same increasing the productivity of health-care inputs will perhaps not equalize health-care investing across the usa as a result of variation in patient health and choices, which shows that policy interventions to quickly attain such equalization will be misguided. There is information that is little and associated with factors in play in making a choice about a provider or service the cost is practically never the main consideration whenever engaging health care services or programs like detox teas or workout programs for women to get in shape. Also, unlike a number of other companies, wellness care is an extreme industry that is personnel-intensive.
Which means the boss takes responsibility for repayment on a percentage of wellness care costs as well as its employees assume monetary obligations for the part that is remaining. Healthcare providers within the U.S. encompass health that is individual personnel, wellness care facilities and medical services and products. Since 2010, NIH has cut funding for medical research by an inflation-adjusted $3.6 billion, or about 11%, which has left numerous projects that are in-progress or completely without funding. The U.K.'s National wellness Service nears receivership so to determine that is powers-that-be some conditions will never be treated or some individuals placed outside eligibility for treatment. Today, the provider that is preferred (PPO) health insurance coverage plan, shown in light blue, is considered the most commonly bought choice, addressing 58 per cent of qualified employees. But whether or not the agents of accountability are effective or perhaps not, wellness care innovators need to do every thing possible to attempt to deal with their demands that are often opaque.
Research and development programs, specially governmental programs, may be all too often prone to "cronyism" and "favoritism" blocking the growth of contending ideas that are alternative.
This month's exchange of ideas U.S. that is regarding healthcare ranged all over. Roth argued that whenever government helps an organization or a market with fundamental research or applied research or any such thing else, it is picking champions and losers, substituting the judgment of politicians and bureaucrats for the genius associated with the market that is free. So, too, the techniques of translational science, prompted by philanthropy, are increasingly being used in a effort that is federal sickle mobile anemia, a blood disorder that mainly hits black colored individuals and contains for ages been one thing of an investigation orphan. IMO, the reason of government is to provide the inherent desires of all people - given our design we forget what we easily want and tend to be misled by memes and genes. The time and effort to conform to these guidelines and laws will equal an estimated 190 million hours of documents per imposed on business and the health care industry year. Evolutionary biology of aging: process of getting older not being programmed; long-lived mutants, caloric restriction, hypotheses concerning age-associated damage/pathologies and putative interventions) and the impact of products like nerium skincare on aging individuals.
The AAGP is a national relationship aimed to advertise the mental health insurance and well-being of older people through expert nursing education training programs, general public advocacy, and help of job development for clinicians, educators, and scientists in geriatric psychiatry and health that is mental. A physician who is paid a flat salary by a health maintenance organization may be less interested in, say, performing a procedure to implant a monitoring device than would a doctor who is paid a fee for such services from a financial perspective. Every year, MHA collects and offers information that is up-to-date disparities faced by individuals with psychological health issues as a tool for producing modification.
But cooperation also needs to be encouraged, for instance by issuing phone calls and tenders to create consortia, specifically for the industry of biomedical research that is aging development. Pharmacists are an resource that is extremely underutilized the health care system and will help remove medicine administration tasks from doctors when they're working in close collaboration using them. Psychological health deterioration due to chronic neurodegenerative conditions represents the cause that is largest of impairment into the world, responsible for over 20% of years lived with disability. The Beltway appears to churn out an supply that is inexhaustible of reports proclaiming that larger federal government assets in science and technology today will probably pay economic dividends for taxpayers down the street.
Anyways, funding research/immortality that is anti-aging is not a thing the government should be doing.
Health care in america is provided by numerous organizations that are distinct. Then paid by their county council if the waiting time is exceeded, patients are offered care elsewhere; the cost, including any travel costs, is. As the United States is an extremely country that is wealthy it should provide health care for many its residents. There is even harsher cuts for the Agricultural analysis Service, the nationwide Institute of Standards and tech, NASA's education money, NOAA's ocean research, and EPA's technology office. To know about a few of the bills introduced in the 114th Congress and where they fall in line with psychological state America's legislative priorities, discover our Mental Health Legislation that is current web page. To get payment for fee-for-service health claims, you might need to fill in forms and send them to your health insurer in case big brand fitness treadmill stops working for you.
Numerous health care specialists are worried with profound moral and ethical problems that sporadically arise in the wellness care field and concern yourself with their ability that is traditional to their rights of conscience under the ACA. But after that, Americans remain profoundly split over many conditions regarding the Affordable Care Act (ACA), significantly more than five years after President Barack Obama signed the health-reform that is controversial into legislation, a brand new HealthDay/Harris Poll discovered. A listing of Affordable Care Act reports about implementation approaches, challenges, and successes into the ten study states.
Nonprofit, for-profit, and institutions that are publicly funded over their particular functions and liberties.
Plans provided by organizations: A professional or service organization you belong to might provide group-rate care that is long-term policies to its people.
An health that is individual plan pays for someone's health care in his time of need. The same services vary significantly in cost and quality at different providers if you look across the health care system today. Healthy benefits became the lure that is new before the war ended in 1945, a huge selection of businesses were providing comprehensive health packages in trade for employed by them. The federal government insists that this measure is not undemocratic because it simply weeds out those who disagree using the federal government, a measure which any individual in their right brain rather than a sympathiser that is terrorist accept. This will likely encourage other wealthy individuals to prioritize this type of research that benefits all of humanity, as the Life Extension Foundation has for the past 35 years as far-thinking billionaires start to provide funding aimed at increasing healthy longevity. To assist you stay informed, we have detailed web sites that address wellness care policy topics. Hillary Clinton seeks to grow and improve the huge benefits and structure of the low-cost Care Act (ObamaCare) to make ACA protection more accessible and affordable, along side other modifications.
Anti-aging research prospects chosen for the NIA system (ITP selectees”) are extensively screened and plumped for by NIH due to their prospective affect lifespan expansion and their capability to delay infection and disorder in mice at different many years. Another good reason why fewer Senators than Representatives made this present year's list is really because the Senate has yet to take the portion up regarding the spending plan that funds NIH, known as work, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies,” with its own namesake subcommittee offshoot regarding the Senate Appropriations Committee.
It is a non-profit company, a medical association because of the aims of advertising research of aging and of geriatric and knowledge that is gerontologic. The projected way to obtain workers doesn't meet with the need connected with populace aging and growth of the people. Finally, wellness care employees must not have to choose from after their conscience that is moral and potentially immoral requests of the superiors. The monumental challenges of redesigning health care encompass financial, operational, technical and changes that are interpersonal each with attendant interdependencies. In the belated 1990s, HCA was examined for Medicare and Medicaid fraudulence and paid a settlement of $1.7 billion, the fraud settlement that is largest in U.S. history.
A Fresh Health Care Insurance Policy
Recent research suggests that between now while the 2030, the number of people who are 55 or older in the United States will almost double while the number of those 65 and older will more than double year.
Medication at this time ended up being maybe not an way that is easy a person to make a full time income. The Glenn Foundation additionally works to kick-start antiaging initiatives within large organizations (It began at Harvard, and then we desired out MIT after which the Salk Institute after which the "Mayo Clinic" Mark R. Collins, spokesman for the Glenn Foundation, explains), and it puts more than $1 million per year toward funds by the United states Federation for the aging process analysis , a charitable foundation dedicated to disease that is age-related. A idea that is first be that, by increasing health care insurance coverage taxes for cigarette smokers, then uninsured would need to spend less, considering that the cigarette smoker's number is bigger than medical uninsured. The ophthalmologists, podiatrists, cardiologists, neurologists, and nephrologists who care for diabetics) in the latter case, patients get one-stop shopping and are freed from the burden of coordinating their care with myriad providers (for example. It will, since this is quite similar towards the health-insurance regime that Americans are now actually residing under, given that the low-cost Care Act is four yrs . old and several days past its enrollment that is first due date.
The outcome data of individual providers of care are rarely available, and, when they are, they may be of dubious integrity because they aren't audited by certified, independent professionals in health care.
AEK won its 15th Greek Cup, on the year of its return to the top flight, upsetting champion Olympiakos 2-1 in front of nearly empty stands at the Olympic Stadium of Athens in Tuesday's final, in a game that very nearly never was.
After one cancelation and three postponements, the Cup final took place at last, but only in front of a few fans from each team, who were enough to generate some trouble at the VIP stands of the stadium before kick-off.
Having played no competitive games for almost a month, Olympiakos was far from the team that swept the league with a near-perfect record of 28 wins in 30 games. AEK, the only team that had beaten the Reds in the Super League, did it again in the Cup final, but this time only watched by some 400 people, as the federation had decided.
Coached by caretaker Stelios Manolas, AEK played a composed game in defense and was stinging in its breaks, scoring twice from three chances.
A little before the end of a rather sleepy first half, Ronald Vargas lifted the ball for Petros Mantalos who rose and headed the ball off Olympiakos keeper Roberto and into the Reds' net to make it 1-0 on the 39th minute.
Six minutes into the second half Vargas and Rafik Djebbour broke in the counter attack, with the Venezuelan passing the ball to the Algerian and he made no mistake for 2-0.
Then Pajtim Kasami and Hernani were replaced by Felipe Pardo and Brown Ideye after 2-0, as Olympiakos coach Marco Silva realized his selection errors and tried to breathe new life into his team with 35 minutes remaining.
Olympiakos hit the woodwork 10 minutes from the end as Arthur Masuaku was unlucky in his shot. Five minutes on Chori Dominguez made the most of a lapse in the concentration of the AEK defense to power the ball home and reduce the arrears with a personal effort.
In the last few minutes the game finally lived up to the names of the two teams, with chances on both ends, but the score stayed at 2-1 in AEK's favor, triggering wild celebrations at the streets of the suburb of Nea Philadelphia.
OTTAWA — The federal government is writing off another $231 million in unpaid student loans this year from more than 44,000 cases, meaning taxpayers are on the hook for more than half a billion in uncollected student debt over the past few years.
Supplementary spending estimates tabled Monday in the House of Commons by Treasury Board president Tony Clement call for an additional $231.2 million in the current 2012-13 fiscal year ending in March to write off 44,048 debts related to Canada Student Loans.
“Amounts being written off are debts for which all reasonable efforts to collect the amounts owed have been exhausted,” explains the 145-page supplementary spending estimates.
The new cash for 2012-13 is on top of nearly $312 million on the books from the 2011-12 fiscal year to cover unpaid Canada Student Loans from 98,448 debts dating back more than a decade.
Together, taxpayers are on the hook for more than $540 million over the past couple of years to cover uncollected student loan debt.
The mounting student loan write-offs come as the federal government is preparing to cut more than $5 billion in spending over the next few years as part of a sweeping expenditure review in last year's budget.
However, the department has previously said that more than 98 per cent of the loans written off by the government are dropped because of the expiry of a six-year limitation period between when the borrower last acknowledged a loan and any legal activity by the Crown to recoup that debt.
Once this period has expired, the Crown no longer has the authority to collect the debt.
Approximately 87 per cent of all Canada Student Loans are repaid
In an attempt to collect the debts before the government is legally barred from doing so, the Canada Revenue Agency will send monthly statements and collection letters, recoup income tax refunds and refer accounts to the Attorney General of Canada, which could potentially garnish wages or seize assets.
Approximately 87 per cent of all Canada Student Loans are repaid, the department has said.
All told, the federal government is seeking $1.5 billion in additional spending through the latest round of supplementary estimates to help pay for federal programs and services in the current fiscal year.
Nearly $250 million in extra funding will go to HRSDC in 2012-13 to cover off additional expenses from an increase in the rates and the anticipated number of beneficiaries receiving Old Age Security pension and the Guaranteed Income Supplement for low-income seniors.
That the New York Knicks didn't immediately trade for Eric Bledsoe is a great sign for the future. Steve Mills may finally be learning from early mistakes.
Historically, the New York Knicks have been on the wrong side of trade negotiations. Sending away numerous good players for Carmelo Anthony led to little success and lots of drama. Likewise, when the Knicks sent Carmelo to the Oklahoma City Thunder, they received zero first round draft picks and two limited journeymen in return.
So, when Eric Bledsoe became available for trade Monday, most Knicks fans held their breath. Everyone knew the Phoenix Suns would ask for a lot in return, as they should. Furthermore, Bledsoe had success with Jeff Hornacek in Phoenix and the Knicks need help at the guard position.
The entire situation seemed like a perfect storm for another one-sided trade in New York. Yet, somehow Eric Bledsoe remained a Sun and Steve Mills said no to an exciting guard in his prime. Maybe new general manager Scott Perry is having the positive influence most hoped he would.
Whether or not Bledsoe ends up a Knick isn't the point of this optimism. The Knicks didn't react hastily or attempt to make a media splash as they had done in the past. Patience is a key virtue in an NBA rebuild and it's so-far, so-good in New York.
Too much too soon
It is still very possible that Eric Bledsoe becomes a member of the New York Knicks. Marc Berman of the NY Post reported late Monday afternoon on the Knicks' pursuit of Bledsoe. Soon thereafter, Michael Scotto of Basketball Insiders reported the Suns wanted both Frank Ntilikina and Willy Hernangomez in a trade with the Knicks. The same report said the Knicks were against trading either player.
Under Phil Jackson or previous administrations, this trade would have happened with more splash than a fat guy doing a cannonball. Fortunately, this Knicks regime believes in its young players and sees them as more than just pawns in a public relations game. Mills and Perry may very well be open to trading Hernangomez, but not under the terms the Suns presented.
Story: Update on Phoenix Suns guard Eric Bledsoe involved in trade talks with the New York Knicks and Denver Nuggets https://t.co/gDWAZLNFEr — Michael Scotto (@MikeAScotto) October 23, 2017
No one in or around the New York Knicks really know what they have in Frank Ntilikina. Unless the Suns come up with something better than a disgruntled guard with a checkered injury history, Ntilikina isn't going anywhere. Of the two, Willy is the most likely to go, but the Knicks won't be dealing the pair.
Outside of the details of a potential trade, Knicks fans should be encouraged that a trade hasn't happened yet. Every NBA trade is a negotiation that should benefit both teams in a positive way. If Knicks fans need a sign to trust in the new front office, their patience in the Eric Bledsoe saga is a good place to start.
Change is inevitable
Eventually, someone on the New York Knicks will be traded this season. The interesting part is ciphering who will go and who will stay. In the small, two-game sample of this season, a few players emerge as most likely to be traded.
The box score against the Detroit Pistons tells the story for Kyle O'Quinn. His 15 points, seven rebounds, three assists and one steal surely got the attention of the NBA. Furthermore, the Knicks have multiple big men that can also produce at a quality level. Jeff Hornacek may very well be playing O'Quinn to build his trade value going forward. Any team that needs a productive big man may already be calling the Knicks.
Similarly, Courtney Lee played major minutes in both games for New York. Lee even saw time at small forward despite his lack of size, experience and effectiveness. Hornacek had better defensive options at small forward with more size, but wanted to showcase Lee in that position. The only logical reason for this decision is to build up Lee's value in the eyes of other teams.
Who and what the New York Knicks become will be largely affected by how they navigate the NBA trade market. Not jumping at flashy trade opportunities while building value in tradable assets is a great way to rebuild a team. Time will tell if James Dolan can keep his mouth closed long enough for an actual rebuild to take place.
The multitude of mistakes that have plagued the New York Knicks in the last decade may finally be in the rearview mirror. By not prematurely pulling the trigger on an Eric Bledsoe trade, the Knicks show tangible proof of progress.
Between now and June 28, the deadline for Emmy voters to return nomination ballots, EW.com is running a series called Emmy Watch, featuring highlight clips and interviews with actors, producers, and writers whom EW TV critic Ken Tucker has on his wish list for the nominations announcement on July 19.
For a high school burnout, Jesse Pinkman has made quite a name for himself. Unfortunately, it's murdering meth maker. For four seasons running, AMC's Breaking Bad has depicted the mesmerizing descent of Walter White (Bryan Cranston) into evil, but it has also captivated us with the doomed struggles of his partner that he's dragged down with him: the angry, lost, and wounded underdog Jesse (Aaron Paul).
After claiming the Outstanding Supporting Actor Emmy for his potent work in season 3, Paul impressed again in season 4, as Jesse struggled to rebuild his life after gunning down the not-exactly-dangerous chemist Gale (David Costabile). The seventh episode, “Problem Dog,” in particular, proved an emotional showcase for Paul. Still haunted by Gayle's face (he sees him in his first-person shooter video game), Jesse is instructed by Walt (Bryan Cranston) to kill again by poisoning drug kingpin Gustavo Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) with ricin. Caught between his two lords, he nearly does it with trembling hands, before Mike (Jonathan Banks) interrupts to give him, of all things, a loaded gun for other reasons.
But the scene from “Problem Dog” that truly resonates was the one in which Jesse attends an N.A. support group meeting. He lays himself bare, though tucking his admission of Gayle's murder in the analogy of killing a dog (“I was looking him straight in the eye. He didn't know what was happening, he didn't know why.”) before lashing out at the group (“You're nothing but customers to me!”). There would be no salvation in confession, not in this episode. Check it out below before reading what Paul had to say about filming one of his favorite episodes.
On the episode
“Jesse was just so lost in his world, and he's struggling with his demons and struggling with the fact that he killed Gale, possibly the nicest character that's ever existed on Breaking Bad.”
On why he loved the support group scene
“It was just so honest on the page. And also it gave Jesse an opportunity to confess what he did, even though he's talking about a dog. But he really felt like he was confessing to these people. And that's what he learned in rehab: It's all about self-acceptance, and it's all about forgiving oneself, and it's okay, you can get past it. And Jesse doesn't believe that he deserves to be forgiven…. It's just another layer. It's just another reminder, really, that Jesse doesn't want to be a part of this. He's trapped in Walter White's web.”
On filming that scene
“I really try to live through this character's skin, and in that particular scene, it felt good to get that off my chest. It felt good to tell that to strangers and just let them know that it's not okay. Like, ‘No, I shouldn't be forgiven. What's that all about? What's it all mean?'”
On this coming season
“It's not like Gus' face is being blown off over and over again — it's just much heavier…. Walt's been going down this dark rabbit hole for a very long time, and you see that he doesn't want to come out of it. It's not just about the money anymore. It's about much, much, much more. And he's dealing with some inner demons that he's been fighting his whole life.”
Read more:
Ken Tucker's Emmy Watch: Nominations I Wish I'll See
Matthew Weiner breaks down his favorite ‘Mad Men' scene
Remember when Republicans portrayed themselves as tough guys? The party of John Wayne? Hard to picture now, right? Ever since an Islamic fundamentalist tried to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit, Republicans have, as Steve Benen eloquently put it, engaged in a "collective display of pants-wetting."
The naked politicization of the attempted attack has been both shameful and hypocritical. (Can you imagine what these same Republicans, from Dick Cheney to members of Congress, would have done if Democrats criticized George W. Bush and sent out fund-raising mailers after 9/11?) As angry as the GOP response should make any American, what is even more important is that the Republicans are making us less safe.
It's as if the Republicans don't understand why fanatics use terrorism (something Bush definitely didn't seem to get after 9/11). The Islamic fundamentalists who wish us harm do not have the firepower to prevail against the power of the United States. But what they can do is try and unsettle us, so that we will hurt ourselves. When al-Qaeda leadership put together the 9/11 plot, there was no danger that the 19 terrorists who hijacked the four planes would defeat the United States military. But by perpetuating the tragedy, the goal was to unsettle Americans and the U.S. government, so that we would ourselves do the damage al-Qaeda didn't have the power to inflict.
And, sadly, the Bush administration played right into the terrorists' hands. It overreacted, plunging the country into an unrelated, unnecessary, draining war in Iraq. More importantly, Bush and his cronies attacked the very aspects of the U.S. that al-Qaeda could never touch: our freedoms and democratic principals. From the Patriot Act to illegal wiretapping to torture to holding people without charge, the president took an axe to the very freedoms that he said was the reason the terrorists hated us. Osama bin Laden himself could not have better choreographed what the Bush administration did after 9/11. And look at how the rest of the decade unfolded. Bush's missteps left our military stretched and more vulnerable than it had been in more than 50 years, and our surpluses had turned to deficits, all while our reputation and ability to influence the rest of the world slipped.
So here we are, a little more than eight years after 9/11. A Nigerian terrorist manages to get some chemical explosives onto a plane, but thanks to the bravery of some passengers and the limited capability of the attacker, the terrorist was unsuccessful. And, again, the Republicans play right into the terrorists' hands, engaging in a "collective display of pants-wetting," exactly what the terrorists want us to do.
Luckily, Barack Obama is not George W. Bush. As Obama's top counterterrorism advisor, John Brennan, noted on Meet the Press on Sunday, charges from the likes of Cheney that Obama has not been active fighting terrorism are flat-out wrong. Obama understands that the way to beat al-Qaeda is to aggressively fight them, but also not to allow them to unsettle the United States, which is the terrorists' goal.
Clearly, after the disaster of the Bush presidency, Republicans have not paid any attention to history. But if you look at how Israel responds to terror attacks, or how the English handled IRA bombings, you can see how countries that understand the terrorists and their goals respond. No panic, keep living your life normally, but fight back with all of the power at your disposal. Somehow, Republicans seem to think that to fight back, you have to panic and surrender core American values to do so. As usual, the GOP is wrong.
As David Brooks persuasively argued in his New Year's Day column in the New York Times, there seems to be an unrealistic expectation in the United States now that human institutions will never fail. He wrote:
"Now we seem to expect perfection from government and then throw temper tantrums when it is not achieved."
Sound familiar? He might as well have been describing the Republican reaction to the underwear bomber. No reliable authority would argue that the Dutch authorities would have kept the guy off the plane had Bush, John McCain or (heaven forbid) Sarah Palin been president. And yet the first reaction of Republicans was to use the foiled attack as an excuse to win political points and blame Obama (and, of course, raise money).
It comes down to the very identity of being an American. Does being an American mean something? It used to. When America fought in World War II or opposed communism during the Cold War, it wasn't just about our team winning for the sake of winning. It wasn't Cubs-Cardinals or Celtics-Lakers. As Americans, we stood for something, namely a democratic society that respected the rule of law. We were right and they were wrong. As I've noted before, when Ronald Reagan told Mikhail Gorbachev to "tear down that wall," he wasn't criticizing the architecture. He was saying, in effect, our system treats individuals correctly, and yours does not. We don't torture, we have open trials, and our citizens have freedom of speech and due process rights. Without the different principles, we would have been no better than our enemies.
The same holds true now. Of course we all (including Obama) want Americans to be safe from terrorist attacks, and we all want the government to do everything in its power to protect us. But we should want that done without giving up the values that make America special. Without these principals, we are no better than the terrorists. As Israel and England have shown us, you can fight and win and protect your people while holding onto your way of life. It just takes some courage and conviction, two things sorely lacking in the modern Republican party.
Where are the tough-guy Republicans now? When did fear and whining replace the gunslinger persona? If it was just hypocritical and repugnant, maybe we could just laugh at these cowards. But the Republican reaction has been to give the terrorists exactly what they want (just as Bush did after 9/11). And that's not funny at all.
In San Diego, it's not often that a story about wild animal trapping makes the news -- but rural, wild pigs are increasingly being called a nuisance.
The non native feral pigs were released several years back by humans and now there's concern about their impact on everything from the ecosystem, to agriculture, to human health.
In the Warner Valley, between Warner Springs and Palomar Mountain, a successful trapping process may be the answer to the problematic pig population.
The land is owned by the Vista Irrigation District and their primary job is producing clean drinking water. They have become unlikely experts at pig trapping and with this coral had the most successful capture the county has ever seen.
East County Troubled by Feral Pig Population
The Vista Irrigation District is seeing an increase of invasive feral pigs on their land, and is looking into deploying a trap that's been successful in the past to eradicate them. NBC 7 reporter Steven Luke has an exclusive look into the problem and how officials are trying to fix it. (Published Wednesday, Oct. 3, 2012)
Don Smith with the Vista Irrigation district showed us the pig pen in the middle of the 43-thousand acres of land they own, where last spring, they captured all 30 in their group.
With surveillance motion cameras and a one way trap door - the pigs went in for the bait, but couldn't get out.
It may sound like an easy fix, but so far the wild pigs have been hard to find and capture across the county.
Experts estimate their population at more than a thousand when there were just a few hundred a few years back.
The Vista Irrigation District is just one small player on a bigger team of public and private entities trying to get rid of this swine problem that isn't going away on its own.
Just In the past few weeks, Smith says they have noticed more pigs in the area.
"They're coming down onto the ranch and were starting to see some signs," Smith said. "So we're in the same position we were in 2010 where we're starting to see pig signs again."
He expects the population to double in the next year or two, and then they'll have to take measures to eradicate them.
In the meantime, the Cleveland National Forest is heading up a more comprehensive plan to eradicate the feral pigs. They say if things go as planned and funding is available, they could start the work by next spring.
To conclude this week's batch of updates in my repositories I have re-generated the ISO for PLASMA5 Slackware Live Edition – it is based on liveslak 1.1.6.2 and using Slackware-current dated “Mon Feb 13 06:21:22 UTC 2017“.
If you already use PLASMA5 Live on a USB stick that you do not want to re-format, you should use the “-r” parameter to the “iso2usb.sh” script. The “-r” or refresh parameter allows you to refresh the liveslak files on your USB stick without touching your custom content.
What to expect from the PLASMA5 ISO
This ISO is a showcase for the latest Plasma 5 release “KDE-5_17.02” as found in my ktown repository and in particular the new Plasma 5.9 with lots of improvements – plainly visible as well as under the hood. Read my previous post about the new Plasma 5 if you are interested. Now that I have Plasma 5.9 I was able to move the Slackware entry on https://community.kde.org/Plasma/Live_Images significantly upwards.
The recently released LibreOffice 5.3.0 was added to this ISO as well. See my recent post about this 5.3.0 release.
A ffmpeg package with version 3.2.4 from my restricted repository (i.e. including mp3 and aac encoders) is also bundled with the ISO. It replaces the ffmpeg-3.2.3 package which is part of the Slackware core. This should not cause issues but please let me know if some Slackware program stopped working because of it.
The rest of my bunch of packages from my regular repository is again present: chromium (with the latest flash and widevine plugins), vlc, veracrypt, qbittorrent, openjdk, handbrake, dropbox-client, calibre and more.
This ISO also contains the LXQT and Lumina Desktop Environments. Both are light-weight DE's based on Qt5 so they look nice & shiny.
This PLASMA5 Slackware Live OS is 64bit multilib. By default, no 32bit programs are loaded into the Live environment but if you want to load Wine or Skype into PLASMA5 Slackware Live, all you need to do is add a parameter to the boot commandline in Grub or syslinux. Add “load=wine” to make Wine available. Add “load=skype” to make Skype available in the Live OS. Of course to get them both, you add “load=wine,skype”. Also check out the paragraph below called “Multilib considerations“.
The changes between liveslak scripts 1.1.6 and 1.1.6.2
Not much has changed really – the “1.1.6.2” tag is primarily meant to differentiate the new PLASMA5 ISO from older versions. The boot screen of Slackware Live Edition mentions the version of liveslak it was based on which is useful for bug reports.
Fixed the “sed” logic in ‘make_slackware_live.sh‘ script to get rid of hardcoded ‘/mnt‘ paths in the modified Slackware installer files which are used by ‘setup2hd'. I tested harddisk installation onto an UEFI computer and that went fine.
Danish is a new language choice in the boot menu (Grub and syslinux).
unrar is added to the PLASMA5 variant.
Multilib considerations
I added a live module to enable multilib support out of the box in the PLASMA5 variant of Slackware Live. Inside the ISO that module-file is called “/liveslak/system/0020-slackware_multilib-current-x86_64.sxz”.
I host a copy of that module online as “0050-multilib-current-x86_64.sxz” so that you can download it and add it to the ‘addons‘ or ‘optional‘ subdirectory of your non-Plasma5 Live OS.
Multilib is something would not need except for running stuff like Wine or Skype, so I also added live modules for Wine (including the 32bit OpenAL libraries) and Skype as separate modules in the ‘optional‘ subdirectory of the PLASMA5 ISO and made copies of these available in the aforementioned ‘bonus' directory online.
This is how I created that live module for wine: by installing the 32bit OpenAL libraries on top of my 64bit wine package for Slackware (which contains both 32bit and 64bit wine), and then using the “makemod” script which is part of liveslak:
# SCRATCHDIR=$(mktemp -t -d makesxz.XXXXXX) # installpkg --root $SCRATCHDIR wine-1.9.23-x86_64-1alien.txz # installpkg --root $SCRATCHDIR OpenAL-compat32-1.17.1-x86_64-1aliencompat32.txz # ./makemod $SCRATCHDIR ./optional/0060-wine-1.9.23-current-x86_64.sxz # rm -r $SCRATCHDIR
Remember, the modules in the ‘optional‘ subdirectory of liveslak are not loaded into the live OS on boot unless you use the “load=” boot parameter in syslinux or grub. Loading the optional wine module for instance, needs this as additional boot parameter: “load=wine” and if you would be using a non-plasma5 based Live OS and have added the multilib module in the ‘optional‘ subdirectory also, then the boot parameter needs to load both multilib and wine: “load=multilib,wine”.
Of course, if you place these live modules in the ‘addons‘ subdirectory instead, they will always be loaded on boot unless you want to prohibit that using the “noload=multilib,wine” boot parameter in syslinux or grub.
Download the ISO
Download liveslak sources
The liveslak project can be found in my git repository: http://bear.alienbase.nl/cgit/liveslak/ . That's all you need to create a Slackware Live ISO from scratch. Documentation for end users and for Live OS developers is available in the Slack Docs Wiki.
Have fun! Eric
An IDF soldier was shot and moderately wounded while guarding a group of religious Jews visiting the Joseph's Tomb holy site, in the northern West Bank city of Nablus, early Thursday morning, the army said.
The injured soldier was brought to Beilinson Hospital in Petah Tikva for treatment and is currently in stable condition, an army spokesperson said.
The shots were fired at the entrance to the Balata refugee camp, which is located a few blocks away from the tomb, on the outskirts of Nablus.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“The circumstances of the incident are being investigated,” the army said in a statement.
Local residents also rolled burning tires and threw rocks and Molotov cocktails at troops guarding the area.
The forces responded with riot dispersal tactics, and the visitors were able to complete their prayers “as planned,” the army said.
Some 16 buses full of visitors entered the Palestinian city early Thursday morning, according to the IDF.
The military, along with the Border Police and Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, oversees such pilgrimages to Joseph's Tomb every month.
According to Jewish tradition, the biblical patriarch is buried in the tomb, while Muslims say a local sheikh is buried there.
The tomb is located inside Area A of the West Bank, under complete Palestinian Authority control. The IDF bars Israeli citizens from entering Area A without authorization.
While gunfire is relatively uncommon, local Palestinians regularly attack the soldiers guarding the visitors with rocks, firebombs and burning tires.
Last week, dozens of members of the Bratslav Hasidic sect were detained by police after they visited the holy site without army escort. Residents threw stones at the group, lightly injuring two.
In the early hours of Thursday morning, the IDF also arrested six suspected members of the Hamas terror organization in the West Bank.
Four of them were arrested in the Hebron area, while the other two were picked up near Jenin, in the northern West Bank.
Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.
CLEVELAND — Browns rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer received his unofficial AFC North introduction in the second quarter Sunday. He shuffled into the middle of the field before launching into a slide a few yards later. That's when Steelers linebacker Ryan Shazier planted his helmet in Kizer's shoulder and drove it into the ground.
The hit drew an unnecessary roughness penalty, but it was an informal salute. Kizer can expect more in Week 2 at Baltimore. He's going to get hit, but Cleveland can't let him get hit this much.
That's part of the double-edged view of Kizer's debut in the Browns' 21-18 loss to the Steelers at FirstEnergy Stadium. Kizer (20 of 32, 222 yards, 2 TDs, INT) played well enough that Browns fans should be excited to see more considering he took division-favorite Pittsburgh to the wire. Kizer, however, took seven sacks and several more hits like the one Shazier delivered. If Kizer can stay upright, the Browns might have something here down the road.
MORE: Best Week 1 NFL rookie debuts
Kizer after the game showed the poise that helped him win the starting job over Brock Osweiler and Cody Kessler. He stood at his postgame press conference in blue blazer, jeans and a beige T-shirt. He didn't over-react to the line of questioning about how those hits added up. He responded in the same tone.
"Back in college, I was running a power running game from the quarterback position so I was used to taking hits," Kizer said. "Obviously, now at this level, it is my job to be out there for my teammates, and in order to do so, you have to try to limit as many hits as possible."
There's no need to anoint Kizer as the guy — future, franchise or any other superlative — after one game. The Browns are starting their second trip through the quarterback alphabet since 1999, and Kizer, i.e. No. 27, showed enough in his debut that Cleveland should be comfortable monitoring his progress. Browns coach Hue Jackson made it clear Kizer earned the right to be in this position.
Kizer is indeed Cleveland's guy. He recovered from a disastrous first possession that led to a third-and-23 and a blocked punt for a Steelers touchdown. Only this wasn't the same old Browns quarterback. Kizer converted a pair of third-downs — one with a pass to Duke Johnson and another on a sneak — to set up his first career TD on a one-yard run that tied the game.
Kizer vaulted into a half-scissor kick in the end zone and energized the stadium. The Browns, however, wouldn't convert another third down without the help of a penalty. Cleveland finished 3 of 12 on third down, and that's the key for any rookie quarterback.
"He made some plays," Jackson said. "He did some good things on third down. That is the money down for a quarterback. He just didn't make enough plays on third down. There were some other opportunities there."
Kizer's second half featured an ill-advised interception on a corner route, but he also enjoyed his best sequence of the day late in the fourth quarter. A 29-yard seam route to Ricardo Louis. A 22-yard checkdown to Isaiah Crowell. Kizer's TD pass to Corey Coleman on fourth down trimmed the lead to three with 3:36 remaining.
There was true excitement in the stands, even if a familiar conclusion unfolded.
Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger didn't give the ball back. A 38-yard pass to Antonio Brown sealed another Steelers victory and improved Big Ben's record against Cleveland to 21-2. But this time, the Browns weren't left with a feeling of hopelessness. Roethlisberger, who also has taken quite a few hits, offered encouragement to Kizer.
"We're both from Northwest Ohio, both wear No. 7," Roethlisberger said. "I thought he played a great game. He did some things against a great defense that gets after it, but I told him afterward, 'What an awesome start.'"
Kizer didn't get a chance at the end of game, but he prepared as if that would happen. Cleveland fans should be prepared for what's next. This doesn't feel like the false hope given by former first-round picks such as Tim Couch, Brady Quinn, Brandon Weeden and Johnny Manziel. Couch presided over a 43-0 loss to Pittsburgh in the Browns' return to Cleveland in 1999. Weeden threw four interception in his debut in 2012.
This Week 1 felt different even though it came in a loss. Browns fans have heard that speech 27 times, but perhaps Kizer is that player. Who else played the Steelers this close right away? That's why Jackson emphasized protecting the second-round pick. The defense did its part. Now the protection and running game must follow.
"He took some pretty good shots, too," Jackson said. "That is why he is 230 pounds. He has to take care of himself a little bit better. We know that. He can't keep taking hits like that. Like I said, from his first game, I thought he did some real good things."
WATCH: Best sounds of Week 1 in NFL
Kizer's press conference closed with a question about whether he'll reflect on how close the Browns were to winning this opener.
He deflected again, in the same calm demeanor.
"The competitor in me probably will never think that way," he said. "I know that we have got to show who we are and the progress that we are making. That is being able to go against what is known as one of the better teams in our conference consistently that way. Now, we need to go out there and make sure that the lulls that we talked about earlier are eliminated and that we are driving that ball down as much as we can."
New cards added to the deck! Mini Agenda Playing Cards now comes with 5 additional cards:
A Double Backer with identical card backs (both sides white for WHITE MINI and vice versa for BLACK MINI)
A black and white Double Backer with one side of the card back being WHITE MINI and the other being BLACK MINI
A single side Blank Card (white card back for WHITE MINI and vice versa for BLACK MINI)
A No. 13 Gaff Card with Flagrant Agenda logo replacing the pips
A Gratitude Card listing all the Movers, Covert Movers, Advocates, and Change Makers that have contributed to the make Mini Agenda Playing Cards a reality. Names to be listed will be obtained through the reward survey.
Our Double Backers
The Single Blanks
No. 13 Gaff Cards with Flagrant Agenda logo replacing pips
Our Gratitude Cards (names are for illustration purpose)
The maxim for any successful change is to Think Big, Start Small, and Act Fast. This is the core theme of this project and we hope to exemplify it throughout the campaign.
Thinking Big refers to us in our first project where we set out to explore alternative means of expressing ourselves using playing cards and Kickstarter. Figuratively, Thinking Big also refers to the size of Agenda Playing Cards as compared to what we are offering in Mini Agenda Playing Cards.
Starting Small refers to this next step we are taking to continue our success. Mini Agenda Playing Cards stemmed firstly from our add-ons of WHITE MINI in our first campaign. The popularity of WHITE MINI and subsequent call for BLACK MINI by a few of our backers prompted us to start this project. We are keeping our funding goal small (but just sufficient to make project happen) in hope that we can reach funding easier. Similarly, Starting Small also refers to the size of Mini Agenda Playing Cards as compared to Agenda Playing Cards.
Acting Fast refers to the 9 days that we set for the campaign. We do not want the campaign to drag on. If Mini Agenda Playing Cards can get funded, we shall proceed swiftly to get it printed and fulfilled to our backers. If we are not funded, we wrap up, ponder on it and go back to the drawing board to either refine Mini Agenda Playing Cards or come up with something new and hopefully more appealing.
Without further ado, we bring you... Mini Agenda Playing Cards.
Introducing BLACK MINI
Not Forgetting WHITE MINI
Fully Customized Deck with 2 Jokers
Full Colour Tuck Case with Aqueous (Matte) Finish
Printed by Make Playing Cards with 310gsm, Black Core, French Casino Quality Card Stock
44.45mm x 63.5mm, 50% Smaller than Standard Poker Size
Clean Design with 2 Different Colour Schemes - the BLACK and WHITE MINI
BLACK AGENDA Card Back with BLACK MINI Card Back
WHITE AGENDA Card Back with WHITE MINI Card Back
For add-ons, you need to be already pledging for a reward. You can then click on ‘Manage your pledge' and under the pledge amount of the reward you pledge, increase the amount accordingly to each of the add-ons price (see below). After the campaign is concluded, we will be sending a survey to ask you for the details of your add-ons. To help us with this process, you can drop us a message after you have adjusted your pledge to include the add-ons with the details of your add-ons. If you have any question, do feel free to drop us a message as well.
Flagrant Agenda is a Singapore-based, street fashion label that designs apparels with a contemporary and urban overtone with a strong focus on graphics and illustrations. We set up Flagrant Agenda in 2014 to serve as an outlet to express ourselves on issues we feel strongly about.
We are influenced by issues related to our surroundings, the environments we grew up in, what we encounter in our everyday lives and the society at large. We seek to understand how people who grew up and live in different cultures, interpret these themes and hope that by doing so, allows us to gain insights into similarities and differences in the way how people think.
The Mini Agenda Playing Cards is our second foray into a playing cards project in Kickstarter after the success of our first project, Agenda Playing Cards. Our success has persuaded us that both playing cards and Kickstarter are directions worth exploring. Success or not, we hope that this project will keep nudging us forward to extend what we set out to do for our label.
Image copyright Getty Images
The World Bank has warned developing countries to brace themselves for possible financial turbulence when the US Federal Reserve starts to raise interest rates.
It could come as early as Thursday when the Fed concludes a policy meeting.
A new report from the World Bank says there will probably be a modest impact on developing countries.
But it also warns there is some risk that it could be worse.
The Bank says it is possible that there would be sufficient disruption to capital flows into developing countries to harm economic growth and financial stability.
'Perfect storm'
US interest rates have been practically zero for more than six years and as the economy continues to recover, the Fed is sure to raise interest rates at some stage. The prospect has been a major concern for financial markets all year.
Developing countries are bound to be affected when it happens and the first step might be imminent.
The new World Bank report gives a number of reasons why developing nations should be able to cope without a great deal of fallout. Notably, the rate rise has been anticipated for a long time and it is likely to be a gradual process. Rates will not be raised rapidly.
And it will take place in the context of a robust US economy. After all, if the US weren't in reasonable health, the Fed wouldn't even be considering a rate rise, and strong US performance is generally good news for the rest of the world.
That said, there are risks of what the report calls a "perfect storm".
Funding risk
Some developing countries are vulnerable. The report doesn't point the the finger, but Turkey, Brazil and Venezuela are almost certainly among them.
The risks for countries include government and private sector debt, especially if it is in a foreign currency, and a large deficit in international trade, which has to be financed by borrowing from abroad. Weaker economic growth is also a factor, and Brazil has seen a marked deterioration.
There is a risk of a large decline in funds going to developing nations and if international investors were to become more wary of riskier investments it could have an impact even on countries that don't have specific weaknesses.
The conclusion: the developing world should be "hoping for the best but preparing for the worst".
Hello Friends!
Shorter article today! Set 2 is so close that we can all taste it, so I am really just bidding my time until it is here. I have been impressed that the meta has continued to move around in these last couple of weeks, but at this point I feel like what we are largely seeing is a shuffle of established archetypes. I am still utterly floored by how robust Set 1 has been. As of this writing I have just hit one year in the game, and although there have been a ton of changes through rebalancing and promos, the core cards that define the game are the same today as they were a year ago. But with that, let's talk about the future! My first chunk of the article is surrounding my personal musings about Set 2, and then I will have the poll for “Brewer's Challenge #2”.
Set 2 Theories
I'm sure everyone here has spent a good deal of time theorizing over what could be in Set 2. We know bits and pieces, but most of that is fairly superficial. Here I am going to list off things we know, as well as my theories based on that information. I will try to make it clear what is coming from DWD statements versus my own imagination. I'm not going to be able to source everything that has been stated in the past, but a good deal has come from the Chapin AMA, so read that (or my summary) if you want to learn a little more. I also like to make clear when I am writing this type of content that I have no special information. Although I have had more direct interaction with DWD than the average player, everything in this article is either publicly stated, or my own personal musings. I will attempt to make it clear what is what at all times.
-Set 2 will focus on “off-faction” pairs (Argenport, Skycrag, Xenan and Hooru). As of right now there are 2 Commons, 4 Uncommons, 6 Rares and 5 Legends and 1 Jekk's Bounty card for each 2-faction pair. If the off-faction cycle of Promos counts for the Jekk's Bounty cards, we can probably expect the same number of cards for the off-faction pairs. That would actually equal 85 cards accounted for already, which makes me suspicious that much more space is going to be taken up by multifaction cards, given that the total set size is probably going to be 200-250. Maybe 1 or 2 cycles of multifaction cards that include the traditional pairings, but I doubt more than that.
-Set 1 was 416 cards with 60 Legends and 100 Rares. If we assume Set 2 is exactly half the size it would fit into the 200-250 range. With the same ratios there will be 30 Legends and 50 Rares. If you wanted to have a playset of each Rare and Legend on day 1 you would need to have 544,000 Shiftstone saved up approximately. If you are buying packs with Gold you get an average of about 400 a pack, meaning you would need to buy 1,360,000 Gold worth of packs to get everything. This however assumes you shift ever card that you open, and somehow open none of the cards you want, so I would expect that half that (688,000) would be more realistic. This also assumes you don't draft (we don't know yet how draft will work for Set 2). I expect that if you are good at draft and have a stockpile of 250,000-500,000 Gold you should be able to get most of Set 2 by the time you run out of Gold. Check out my article on costs if you are curious about how I got these numbers.
-As many have seen, there is a good chance we get some official announcement about tournaments soon. For anyone who hasn't seen it, this picture was taken from the Google translated version of et.mail.ru, which is the Russian Eternal site (not a virus, I swear).
Sarius also did a translation for us (he speaks Russian). Says more-or-less the same thing.
This strongly suggests that DWD is moving towards an in-client tournament system. We have no details about this, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were around the release of Set 2 that major announcements about tournaments are made and/or implemented. I imagine a lot of us are very anxious to hear more about this.
-We know from Chapin's AMA that we should expect some modal spells, as well as some attachment hate. One of the things I am curious about is whether attachment hate will split into various forms. “Destroy enemy Relic”, “Destroy enemy curse” and “Destroy enemy weapon” all target subsets of the attachments in the game, which would allow DWD to push narrow attachment removal much harder. I have commented before about the power level disparity between Furnace Mage and Steward of the Past. Both are 4 drops that hose certain types of strategies, but one is roughly an 8/10, while the other is about 5/10. I think the difficulty is that if you had a Steward quality card for all attachment types it would efficiently hose everything from Rakano to Shimmerpack. By making cards that focus on sub-sets of attachments it would be less oppressive. I would also expect some of the modal cards to include attachment removal. I also expect many of the modal spells to be multifaction. LightsOutAce and I have suggested something along the following lines before:
-During the move to Open Beta one of the patch notes discussed Sanctuary Priest changing from 1/1 to 1/2, and said that they were making the change in preparation for an upcoming mechanic that cares about life gain. I expect it would be read like “Invigorate: Does something when you gain life.” I had originally thought this would be the Xenan mechanic since the Sanctuary Priest is in Time and there are a bunch of Time life gain cards, but Oathbreaker makes me think this might be the Argenport mechanic. An extremely basic implementation of the card might be something like “Argenport Officer” shown below. This card could just as easily be a Xenan card, depending on where they want to put this “Invigorate” mechanic, but my current bet is still Argenport.
-Rilgon, the star from the last “Brewer's challenge”, along with cards like Hooru Envoy, suggest that the Hooru mechanic would relate to casting spells. It would be wicked if it is a cost reduction mechanic, but those are very dangerous and difficult to balance. It is more likely to be closer to “Sorcery: Does something when you play a spell.” This would make turn Rilgon and Fevered Scout into a Sorcery card retroactively. A simple implementation might be something like this:
-Continuing to the next faction, I think there is a pretty good chance we see a Skycrag mechanic that is similar to the Hearthstone “Spell Damage +X” mechanic. This is a popular and powerful mechanic that gives all spells that deal damage an additional X damage. This has a great overlap with the Hooru mechanic where you get doubly rewarded for playing spells, so there would be a lot of cross-over between the two factions (Primal Sorcery cards would fit into a Skycrag deck while Primal Spell Damage cards would fit into a Hooru deck). This is an obvious fit for Skycrag as almost all damage-dealing spells are either Fire or Primal (with the only excpetion being Spirit Drain I believe). They might write the mechanic such that it even works for all non-combat damage, which would be a boost for cards like Alpine Tracker and Caldaren Channeler. Given that Spell Damage is a Hearthstone term, DWD probably can't use it. It might look something like the following:
The last two factions I feel are harder to guess for. Arcanum Monitor, the Praxis promo (as well as Vault of the Praxis), suggests that Praxis will focus on a go-wide approach. There are a lot of possibilities to what this may look like mechanically. Could be something like “Heroism: gains an ability if you control 3 or more units” or “Banding: Does something when you play another unit” or even “Formation: Does something when you attack with 3 or more units.” I suppose it is possible instead that they formalize the “5 Attack or more” mechanic, but I feel like the space that plays in is difficult to formalize into one mechanic in a clean fashion (how do you write it so Saraupod Wrangler is included?). Azindel seems to imply a void-centric mechanic for the Xenan, but that could mean a lot of things. Some possibilities include variants of Morbid, Flashback or Embalm from Magic the Gathering. I imagine it will be unit-centric in some fashion, but that still leave a huge range of possibilities. I feel like any predicted cards will be less realistic than my guesses for Argenport, Hooru and Skycrag, so I will spare you.
Brewer's Challenge 2
For anyone who didn't see my first Brewer's challenge, check out that article. Same rules apply as last time. Poll is here. The cards to choose between will be the following:
Fevered Scout – She has seen a little play in mono-Fire burn or together with Hooru Envoy, but has yet to make a real splash. This little lady packs a punch if she gets to take a clear shot, but that seems so rare. Maybe there isn't actually much potential here, but I want to give her another chance.
Hero of the People – In looking for a mono-justice card to include, this was the only one that even vaguely interested me. Justice is a distinctly “fair” faction. Hero has been used in a number of decks I have seen already, but perhaps there is more work that can be done? Maybe there is a TJP Heros deck waiting to be cracked?
North Wind Herald – Once upon a time he was a ranked staple, but his time was brief. He still seems kinda busted if the right shell can be built, but I can't figure out what that is supposed to be. Ageless Mentor + clone effects? Unstable Form Feln? So many possibilities!
Reality Warden – In a faction that is defined by big dumb idiots, lets play the biggest dumbest idiot! Seriously though, I am still surprised that Reality Warden doesn't see more play, as he just has so many stats. Maybe he has a role in a Combrei midrange deck?
Nightmaw, Sight Unseen – Another card that looks to be in the “really powerful but doesn't have a home” camp. I will be honest that I have never really tried with him, but I feel like no one has really tried to make Nightmaw work. Now might finally be his time!
And that's all folks! See you next week!
Love,
Neon
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
I will bet you a frosty beer that you're looking for the most creative gift for your favorite craft brew lover this holiday season. Why not buy your dedicated drinker a brewery? If you thought the price tag was going to ruin the surprise, now you really can own a piece of the pint. Buy me a brewery! and other crafty holiday beer gifts.
Bathtub Row Co-Op Membership
Bathtub Row Brewing in Los Alamos, New Mexico is one of only a few co-op breweries currently operating in the country (Black Star Co-Op – Austin, TX, Flying Bike Cooperative – Seattle, WA, Fifth Street Brewpub Co-Op – Dayton, OH, Fair State Brewing Cooperative – Minneapolis, MN), which means that YOU can be part OWNER of this brewery and taproom.
A cooperative brewery (or any business) is one that is owned and directed by the people it serves. So essentially, the plan is to put the inmates in charge of the asylum…and add beer. Count me in.
A Lifetime Membership to Bathtub Row is $250 and authorizes you to be direct owner of the co-op, receive a patronage rebate when profitable, vote for board members and attend board and member meetings as well as discounts on beer, merchandise, education and events.
I honestly can't think of a better holiday gift for any true craft beer lover looking to be a part of the whole foaming industry.
Unless, of course…you can actually buy an ENTIRE brewery for your beer buddy, then you should check this out.
Local Brewer's Guild Enthusiast Memberships
Here's another creative gift for your microbrew maniac.
Generally speaking, State Brewer's Guilds have been around for a while supporting the local brewing industry through marketing, legislative efforts and often bulk purchasing agreements. But recently Guilds all over the country have been jumping on a growing trend of support in the craft beer community, Individual Enthusiast Memberships.
Creating a strong brand in any industry is about building a emotional connection with your customers and this industry seems to be doing just that in spades.
In recognition of the involvement and dedication of the community many guilds are including the patrons in their membership. These memberships have a variety of benefits from schwag and discounted events to exclusive VIPS and educational programs.
Check out your local State Guild to see if they offer an Individual Membership. I know they do in Illinois, Kentucky, Mississippi, Michigan, Montana, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon and Texas (let us know if missed any). If they don't, send them an email tell them you want to be included.
Tapped Life – T- Shirt 6-Pack
We here at Tapped Life also know a thing or two about a thing or two (pop culture reference – first reader to comment with the correct movie or actor referenced wins a FREE T-Shirt). Lots of t-shirt companies offer a t-shirt of the month club (and shit, we did it too) BUT we realized that it requires a lot of tracking and effort which in turn effects our drinking time, so we thought a funny craft beer t-shirt six-pack was a better option for everyone involved.
Here's a great gift idea for your dedicated craft beer drinker – six great beer t-shirts rolled and delivered in a six-pack. Clever right? We thought so…but we've been drinking. Cheers!
Brewery Vacation Tours
And one more idea for an awesome beer lovin' gift: How about a Craft Beer Vacation Tour in one of the capitals of craft beer, Denver, Colorado? Denver Microbrewery Tours offers some pretty nice packages that include hand selected lodging near local breweries for easy access, tons of discounts, guided behind-the-scenes tours and knowledgeable guides.
They also offer custom brew tours for businesses, families and parties, special trips to Red Rocks for concerts and shows and variety of walking and driving tours.
Let's be crafty these holidays and think outside the big beer box.
YOKOSUKA, Japan — Wishing all men were half the man he is, steadfast sources aboard the USS George Washington (CVN-73) confirmed today that Operations Specialist 1st Class Jeremy Leer is an unparalleled bastion of masculine gentility.
Proclaiming he is incontestably without equal, the Washington's entire female compliment unanimously agreed that the debonair Leer is hands down the most gallant and chivalrous gentleman to ever cross their path, especially if that path happened to be in the restricted confines of a crowded passageway or in a small, dimly-lit space.
“I usually see him in the gym, and I can always feel his eyes on me, especially when I'm doing squats or my yoga routine,” gushed Lt. j.g. Patricia Stewart. “It's really comforting … like, he has my back, you know?”
“Leer is just so charming,” added an equally smitten Fire Controlman 2nd Class Pamela Cazares. “Every time I have to go up a ladderwell, he lets me go first, even if he's running late. And whenever I have to climb out of a scuttle, he's always there to boost me up and give me a reassuring squeeze. He is just really thoughtful.”
Leer, however, humbly maintains that he was simply raised with a profound appreciation for women and ingrained since the earliest days of his pubescent years to always lend a helping hand.
“I'm just looking out for my shipmates,” the bona fide Leer said. “I'm the kind of sailor who won't hesitate to grab an IP [Irish pennant] off of someone's chest, especially if she is struggling with obvious future lower back problems. Serving women brings me great pleasure.”
Indeed, the Washington's female contingent universally subscribes to the tenet that Leer's hands-on approach is the lone vestige of male civility, adding that all other men are pigs and the notion of the “independent woman who need no man” is a grossly dated concept.
Even so, the genteel Leer doesn't restrict his meaningful considerations to corporal works, going out of his way to compliment each and every female sailor he encounters, greeting them with thoughtful particulars such as “shawty” or “sugar tits.”
“If all men strove to emulate his gallant courtesies, we wouldn't be dealing with the pervasive rape culture plaguing our society,” said Chief Operations Specialist Denise Harden, the command's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Coordinator. “Leer is going to make a great chief someday.”
A woman who was shopping at Heinen's grocery store in Bay Village, Ohio on Friday walked out of the store to find that her car was missing.
As it turns out, another woman accidentally took the car home, thinking it belonged to her.
According to Bay Village police, the two white Lexus cars were parked next to each other in the parking lot.
A 60-year-old woman walked out and took one of the cars, thinking it was hers. When the other woman came out to get in her car, she realized it was gone. Police said the woman had left the keys in her car when she parked.
The 60-year-old woman realized she was in the wrong car when she got home and was unable to open her garage.
The car was returned to its rightful owner.
Sailors assigned to Coastal Riverine Squadron 1 conduct training in small boat defensive tactics in San Diego bay in June, 2013. The Coastal Riverine Force is a core Navy capability that provides port and harbor security, high value asset protection and maritime security operations in coastal and inland waterways.
SAN DIEGO — Women can now be assigned to the 267 combat positions in the Coastal Riverine Force that were previously closed to them, the Navy announced Friday.
The move follows the January 2013 removal of the policy that excluded women from combat jobs.
Nine enlisted women have already completed the training and been awarded their Navy enlisted classifications for the riverine jobs, but had to wait until Congressional notification was complete before they could deploy with their squadron or be assigned as crewmembers, Navy officials said in a written release.
All nine women were administratively assigned to Coastal Riverine Squadron 2, Delta Company, 1st Platoon, which is based in Portsmouth, Va. The squadron will be the first to assign women to riverine boats, the Navy said, and it is scheduled to deploy this summer.
“We consistently strive to ensure all sailors and Marines, regardless of gender, have a path toward a successful military career,” Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus said in a written statement. “This not only makes us better warfighters, but it ensures our Navy and Marine Corps remains the finest expeditionary fighting force in the world.”
The only jobs that remain closed to women in the Navy are within the special warfare community, and Navy officials said they continue to work with Special Operations Command on that.
In January, Mabus told Stars and Stripes that he believes the Navy and Marine Corps must have the right standards for combat positions, but that anyone who can meet those standards — male or female — should be allowed to do the job.
“When I look out [at the fleet], I see sailors. I don't see male sailors and female sailors,” he said, noting that “the big news about women going on submarines was that there was no news. A lot of times the anticipation is worse than [the reality].”
Still, many Marine Corps combat jobs remain closed to women, and Marines have been vocal about their concerns about adding women to the infantry. One of their biggest concerns is that the Marine Corps will lower standards to allow more women to meet them, but Commandant Gen. James Amos addressed that fear in a troop talk last month in Afghanistan.
“We're not lowering our standards,” Amos said. “Repeat after me: We are not lowering our standards.”
Hlad.jennifer@stripes.com
Twitter: @jhlad
By Michael Bachara
Hemp News
Americans are warming up to legalizing cannabis, with 64% now saying its use should be made legal. This is the highest level of public support a Gallup poll has found for the proposal in nearly a half-century of measurement.
The latest figure, based on an Oct. 5-11 Gallup poll, follows shifts in the U.S. legal landscape regarding marijuana since Gallup's 2016 measure. While still illegal at the federal level, the issue was featured on a number of state ballot initiatives in 2016, and with eight states and the District of Columbia having fully legalized marijuana, more than one in five Americans live in a state where they can legally enjoy use of the drug.
Gallup first asked national adults about their views on the topic in 1969, when 12% supported legalization. Support had more than doubled by the end of the next decade but changed little throughout the 1980s and 1990s. By 2001, however, about a third of Americans favored legalizing cannabis, and support has steadily increased since. A majority of Americans have consistently supported legalizing cannabis since 2013.
The trajectory of Americans' views on cannabis is similar to that of their views on same-sex marriage over the past couple of decades. On both issues, about a quarter supported legalization in the late 1990s, and today 64% favor each. Over the past several years, Gallup has found that Americans have become more liberal on a variety of social issues.
Morgan Fox, director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project, said of the new poll, “As public support for ending marijuana prohibition continues to grow, it is crucial that states continue to be given the freedom to serve as laboratories of democracy. We urge the Department of Justice in particular to continue its policy of not interfering in states with well-regulated adult-use and medical marijuana programs while lawmakers catch up to the will of the people."
Democrats and independents have historically been much more likely than Republicans to say marijuana should be legalized. In 2009, Democrats were the first partisan group to see majority support for legalization, followed by independents in 2010.
This year for the first time, a majority of Republicans express support for legalizing cannabis. The current 51% is up nine percentage points from last year.
As efforts to legalize cannabis at the state level continue to yield successes, public opinion, too, has shifted toward greater support. The Department of Justice under the current Republican administration has been perceived as hostile to state-level legalization. But Attorney General Jeff Sessions could find himself out of step with his own party if the current trends continue. Rank-and-file Republicans' views on the issue have evolved just as Democrats' and independents' have, though Republicans remain least likely to support legalizing the herb.
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted Oct. 5-11, 2017, with a random sample of 1,028 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points at the 95% confidence level. All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 70% cellphone respondents and 30% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
Photo Source: Gallup
Share 5 questions for Deirdre McCloskey
5 questions for Deirdre McCloskey "Liberty and dignity for ordinary people made us rich, in every meaning of the word."
"Liberty and dignity for ordinary people made us rich, in every meaning of the word." Innovism, meaning trade-tested betterment, instead of capitalism
Economic historian Deirdre McCloskey, Distinguished Professor of Economics, History, English, and Communication at the University of Illinois at Chicago, is completing work on an epic trilogy called “The Bourgeois Era” – the final installment of which Bourgeois Equality: How ideas, not capital or institutions, enriched the world will be published by University of Chicago Press in April 2016. CapX America editor Abby W. Schachter spoke with her about redefining capitalism and how she remains an optimist.
Question 1. You've said, “The economy is like a machine making sausage, and if Greece or Europe want to get more wealth they need to make the machine work better—honoring enterprise, for example, and letting people work when they want to.” Do you worry about how much less free — as in not honoring enterprise, for example — the US economy is becoming?
The worst example in US is environmental regulations. In Europe, the worst is from Brussels, which is unfair to poorer member countries from Eastern Europe. All these countries in Europe complain to Brussels about unpasteurized Italian cheese or they try to declare Cadbury's not chocolate.
In America, the states don't complain with the same vigor. Not the same nationalism. But as Washington gets more arrogant it gets more like the EU's common market.
The US Constitution sets out an enormous free trade area. That opportunity is one that made for competition among states and between states over regulation.
Question 2. You've said, “over the next century [I see] a world enrichment both materially and spiritually that will give the wretched of the earth the lives of a present-day, bourgeois Dutch person.” Sounds wonderful. Anything threatening to prevent this rosy outcome?
There are the forces of centralization…but then you have forces of demonstration effect and the advantage of the federal system. Look, China and India are succeeding, South Africa and Brazil are not. Free market rules need to go there. If the ideology of well-disposed left-wing folk triumphs again as it triumphed once, it is a disaster for the poor.
Remember that when the minimum wage was introduced, before WWI, it was meant to drive women, immigrants, blacks and Hispanics out of labor force. Skilled male, white, middle-aged folk were to be promoted by this. But this type of socialist measures screw the poor.
Today it's ‘We'll screw black teenagers (by) raising the minimum wage.' What sort of ethic is that? Damage black teenagers so they never get on the job ladder in exchange for making some people better off. Why do people believe it?
Free trade is a good idea and price controls are a bad idea. In New York, for example, rent control has been a disaster.
Question 3. You've said, “The magnitude of improvement to the lot of the poor comes vastly more from economic growth than redistribution…The poor will prosper if we let the spontaneous order of market-tested betterment grind on, and if we let people open chippies – or universities – where they want.” This is not a concept that is easy for politicians – left or right. Why do you think it is so counter-intuitive to trust people's ability to better their own lives?
Let ordinary people have a go and it turns out the order of magnitude from that is much greater than redistribution or trade unions. Economic growth makes them better off by 3,000 percent. But a lot of simple truths of economics are hard to understand. It is good for me, though since explaining it all is how I earn my living.
I wish people understood free trade. It is a classic 19th century idea: If you leave ordinary people alone they are amazingly creative. There are diminishing returns to regulation. Now, we might agree that there should be some regulation of the food supply. But the ex-head of FDA bragged at the end of her tenure that she regulated 30 percent of the US economy. This thinking presumes that if some percentage of regulation is good then all of it is good. And then [the government] can tell you how to consume. But it was the same during prohibition and what we got was corrupted police forces and deeply impoverished poor.
Question 4. You say, “What made us rich — usually but misleadingly called modern capitalism — should rather be called technological and institutional betterment at a frenetic pace, tested by unforced exchange among all the parties involved.” What's wrong with capitalism?
The word capitalism persuades people that heart of the matter is accumulation of capital which it isn't. Investment was profitable, railways were profitable because someone invented the steam engine. Not the piling up of bricks on bricks.
The short form should be called innovism, meaning trade-tested betterment because if it's just innovation that isn't enough. President Obama thinks he can tell people that wind power is a good innovation. But innovation is not enough. It has got to be tested, whether it is profitable, to work.
Question 5. How do you manage to be an optimist?
It is true that optimism doesn't sell newspapers. Reporting how much crime is down, and how police are doing a bang up job is not going to sell. The sky is falling sells. But you can't change things if you are not an optimist. You have to have the virtue of hope. I'm a hopeful person and the reason for it is the demonstration effect. People will realize that free markets work, and then they will go with them to get rich.
I believe, with certain exceptions, that in the long run people are sensible. Liberty and dignity for ordinary people made us rich, in every meaning of the word.
Abby W. Schachter is editor of Cap X America.
Share
This is harsh but I'll explain why. 95% of the time this is the harmless sort of game it appears to be, in tune with its PEGI rating of 3+. BUT in certain circumstances (mainly if your child keeps switching off the game without saving it properly first) a fierce-looking mole appears and starts abusing the player for doing so. Abusing? Well, it repeatedly used the word "punk" in what I can only describe as a two or three minute aggressive rant. Why do they think "punk" is an acceptable way to address young children? Other terms were used as well. This may be OK for older children but my 7-year old was literally shaking afterwards, and even my 9-year old was visibly upset. The younger child had a couple of nightmares about it. To make it worse, there's no way to cut short the mole once it has started and if they turn the game off to "make him go away" he comes back even more vituperative when they next start the game. There is no warning about this mole anywhere in the manual, and no alternative but to let him run his course.
Other than this it seems OK as a game, the main problem being the amount of time they'll waste on it, and now that they've learnt (mostly) how to avoid the mole coming my children enjoy playing it. It's better pitched for older children, however (eg my children asked "what does 'dork' mean?" part way through playing it the other day - symptomatic of an expectation of older players by the designers), and I can't help wondering how many other shocks are lying in wait in the game. I therefore CANNOT recommend it for the under-10s at least.
In the winter of 2001, Antonio Rodgrio Nogueira and Heath Herring beat seven bells out of each other in an all out war to decide PRIDE FC's inaugural heavyweight champion. This was almost a decade before the UFC's heavyweight division looked anything like respectable, but PRIDE had built its entire product around the heavyweights. So when the Japanese promotion had announced that the winner of this bout would be its heavyweight champion, the MMA world sat up and paid attention.
Nogueira had already established himself as the man to beat by submitting Mark Coleman from his back, and at the end of a grueling three rounds with Herring, Nogueira had the belt as confirmation. Through the fight, Herring escaped every submission that the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu master attempted, and landed brutal kicks and knees. It seemed that a rematch was bound to happen somewhere down the road.
Stephen Quadros, Bas Rutten, and Mark Coleman provided commentary for the fight and speculated on how impressive the heavyweight division was looking; Semmy Schilt, Mario Sperry, Coleman, Nogueira, Herring. One man wasn't even mentioned, because he wouldn't appear in PRIDE until a few months later, and even then very few thought much of him, the quiet Russian, Fedor Emelianenko.
Coming to the Big Show
Fedor Emelianenko had worked his way up through the lesser Japanese organization, RINGS. RINGS produced a few excellent talents who went on to become stars in PRIDE, such as the Nogueira brothers and Dan Henderson, but those men had already left for the bigger paydays when Emelianenko was picking up momentum. In 2001, Emelianenko rattled off five wins and advanced to the final of the RINGS open weight tournament, where he defeated Chris Haseman with little difficulty.
The tournament title got Fedor signed to PRIDE and dropped into a fight with the enormous striker (and future greatest kickboxer of all time), Semmy Schilt in June of 2002. Emelianenko was able to take down the giant and hold him on the ground, but accomplished little there. It was an uninteresting and forgettable decision win for Fedor as he stepped up to take on the big boys.
Now a look at Heath Herring's chequered record does not give a realistic view of just how well regarded Herring was in the early 2000s. Herring was a guy, one of the few guys, who could do it all. Wrestling was his bread and butter, with ground and pound being his preferred method of picking up wins, but any time he found himself in with a stronger wrestler, he could grapple well enough to survive.
What Herring was especially good at was dragging stronger fighters into deep water and brutally knocking them down and finishing them once they got tired. He did it to the enormous wrestlers Mark Kerr and Tom Erickson, handing the 280lbs Erickson the first loss of his career. Not many heavyweights can time a good high kick today, it was pretty much just Cro Cop and Herring in 2002. Make no mistake, Heath Herring was a bad man in the ring, and after two more wins (one of which came over Igor Vovchanchyn), Herring was matched against Fedor Emelianenko in a fight for another shot at Nogueira's belt.
Stepping from the Shadows
In the lead up to the fight, most of the promotion focused on Herring and what he had been doing differently since his bout with Nogueira—training with Cor Hemmers, working on his stamina, etc. Interviews with Herring focused on Nogueira, and when Herring and Emelianenko did meet in the ring, Stephen Quadros stressed that Fedor was by no means a gimme match. Many fans still didn't buy it though. What happened after the opening bell soon convinced the doubters that Emelianenko had every right to be there.
As Herring came out of his corner, he led with a power kick which Emelianenko immediately caught a hold of. Kicking out Herring's standing leg, the two men tumbled to the floor with Fedor taking side control. It was a bad start for Herring, but this was what he did—turtle, roll back to guard, survive. But Emelianenko wasn't Mark Kerr or Tom Erickson, or even Mark Coleman.
All of those fighters were stationary ground and pounders. They sat in the guard, with their head on their opponent's chest, and hammered away with body, body, head punching combinations. They were smothering, and strong, but unless Herring gave them side control, they were happy to just hold him down and work with little threat. He pummeled and gripped, and worked from the bottom, and eventually they let him up or the referees did.
But Emelianenko was dynamic, flowing like water from position to position and delivering some of the hardest ground strikes ever seen in between. He was posturing up, standing to pass, moving to knee on belly from side control and allowing Herring space to work. And when Herring did move, he'd eat a couple of bombs for his trouble. That combination of positional change and the landing of blows is the balance which is so hard to get right in MMA. Ignore positional advancement and you'll be stuck in guard, doing zero damage. Focus too much on position, and you'll get tied up holding onto positions as the opponent threatens to escape, when you could be landing punches or knees.
The fight summarized.
Heath Herring had no way to know it was coming, Fedor had been competing in RINGS, where punches to the head on the ground were forbidden. Much of his RINGS career had been spent standing over foetal opponents and awkwardly throwing in punches to their sternum or ribs then despairing of it and jumping on a submission attempt. With no rules prohibiting striking the head, an entirely new avenue had opened up for Fedor to explore and exploit.
Many of Emelianenko's best shots came on the pass in the classic throw-by pass-to-punch combination. From here Herring would turtle and Fedor would ride on the side rather than seek to take the back with the usual urgency. This is an important principle you'll see out of Daniel Cormier and Cain Velasquez, they'll maintain a strong striking position rather than putting the hooks in for the traditionally stronger grappling position.
Herring received a brief respite as he rolled out of the ring to avoid one of Emelianenko's blows. The doctors took a look at Herring's already mangled face, deemed the fight worthy of continuing, and the referee restarted the fight... on the feet. This was where Herring caught the best fighters out. It's where he got Erickson and Kerr, with a big kick on the restart. Herring was never that great at fighting his way up from the ground, but he could stall fights out and as soon as the referee got him back on the feet, he'd go back to work.
Herring stepped in and kicked, but Emelianenko immediately snuffed out the flicker of hope as he muffled the kick, moved into the clinch, shucked his way to Herring's back, and suplexed the Texas Crazy Horse back to the ground.
When we discuss striking on the feet, we often look at the detail of herding an opponent into a strike. Corner him and stand further to one side, you can be sure he'll move out towards the other, then you meet him with a big hook or kick. The same principle can be applied on the ground, in fact much of the top game is built around removing one direction that an opponent can roll out in, and preparing to capitalize when he rolls to the other.
Throughout this bout, Emelianenko used his knee to turn Herring away from him, occasionally into a modified leg drag position. Given the slightest opening, Herring would roll away from him (presumably after the knee bar he had been attempting to roll to throughout the fight), straight into a booming hook. The modern leg drag position doesn't offer the opponent the prospect of a kneebar, but it was another decade before that position became popular in grappling.
Emelianenko perhaps lazily looks for mount, but ends up crossing Herring's legs. Fedor postures up and drops the hammer as Herring tries his usual roll to the turtle.
The further the fight progressed, the more one sided it became. Herring was taking unanswered shot, after unanswered shot. He'd get back to guard or to the turtle for a moment, attempt to move, and eat another numbing strike. Later in the first round (ten minutes under PRIDE rules) Fedor began mounting Herring. As Herring turned to give up his back and wriggle out the back door, Emelianenko started to use the half nelson to set up power swings. AnnMaria De Mars, mother of Ronda Rousey, described the half nelson as one of the most important techniques in groundwork but regretted that it was underused and wrote 'that's a big mistake'. In addition to setting up some brutal punches as Herring turned away, Emelianenko used the half nelson to attempt to punch in a choke.
At the end of the first round, Emelianenko finally sacrificed top position and Herring was given the chance to work for the first time in the fight. Moments later, the bell rang and the fighters returned to their corners. The rules and regulations which had worked so well in Herring's favour in the past now conspired against him. Seeing the size of the swelling on Herring's left eye, and the cuts above and below it from Emelianenko's heavy blows, the doctors called a halt to the contest just moments after Herring's first effective moments of offence in the fight.
Before the opening bell, the fight world had been focused on the excitement of a Herring versus Nogueira rematch. After the fight, all eyes were on the stoic, pudgy Russian with the iron fists. Stephen Quadros put it best when he remarked that Fedor put Herring 'through the meat grinder'. It was one of the finest ground and performances in mixed martial arts, against a guy who was regarded as the best at surviving and neutralizing the ground and pound of the men who were most well known for it.
Heath Herring never found himself at the top of the heavyweight heap again. But the Texas Crazy Horse remained a fan favourite, and even completed his trilogy with Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira, despite losing every fight. In the second bout, Nogueira debuted his famous anaconda choke to get the tap, but in the third, Herring came within a whisker of defeating his old rival when he knocked Nogueira down with a head kick, but refused to jump on the Brazilian.
Fedor's PRIDE debut had been uneventful, even tedious, but this bout with Herring was his step out from behind the curtain. He had announced himself to the world without saying a word and was on his way into a match with the best heavyweight of all time, Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira. But he was still young, still learning, and it was just one more step in a great series towards becoming The Last Emperor.
Check out these related stories:
Jack Slack's Gif-Wrapped: Fedor versus Nogueira Trilogy
Roberto Duran: The Stone Fists of a Nation
The Serial Striking of Rory MacDonald
Share
One day soon, you may no longer be able to use “I'm going through a tunnel” as an excuse for why you've just hung up the phone. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and its AMEBA (A Mechanically Based Antenna) team are working on methods to ensure that the answer to “Can you hear me now?” is always “Yes.”
AMEBA is in the process of developing portable ULF, or ultra-low-frequency (1Hz to 3kHz), and VLF, or very low frequency (3kHz to 30kHz), transmitters capable of penetrating a whole host of materials that we may have previously thought completely incompatible with such signals. Think underwater and through stone.
According to a news release from DARPA, Troy Olsson of DARPA's Microsystems Technology Office is working on some aspects of electromagnetic physics “that could expand wireless communication and data transfer into undersea, underground, and other settings where such capabilities essentially have been absent.” That means connectivity at a previously unthinkable scale.
“If we are successful, scuba divers would be able to use a ULF channel for low bit-rate communications, like text messages, to communicate with each other or with nearby submarines, ships, relay buoys, UAVs, and ground-based assets,” said Olsson. “Through-ground communication with people in deep bunkers, mines, or caves could also become possible.” Olsson said.
While VLF and ULF radio signals are not new concepts, previous attempts at implementing this technology in any large-scale capacity has proven rather expensive and cumbersome. Olsson wants to create new types of transmitters that are small, light, and power efficient enough to be carried around by individuals, whether on land, in the water, or underground.
“Mobile low-frequency communication has been such a hard technological problem, especially for long-distance linkages, that we have seen little progress in many years,” said Olsson. “With AMEBA, we expect to change that. And if we do catalyze the innovations we have in mind, we should be able to give our warfighters extremely valuable mission-expanding channels of communications that no one has had before.”
Many people who aren't necessarily jazz lovers per se are Keith Jarrett lovers. Or if not lovers of his entire oeuvre, then certainly own this album. I'll quote here from Wikipedia:
“The double-vinyl album was released in the autumn of 1975 by the ECM Records label to critical acclaim and went on to become the best-selling solo album in jazz history, and the all-time best-selling piano album, with sales of more than 3.5 million.”
How does a solo piano album rack up so many sales? Great jazz albums come and go and are lucky to see a third of those sales. I think you must to some extent consider the era. Musically, nineteen-seventy-five was more or less an extension of the '60's.
Sure there was punk and disco was on its way. But the oldest of the baby boomers were by now pushing thirty and so were not necessarily into balls-out rock and roll concerts, at least not exclusively. And Miles Davis, Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock and others had paved the way for the fusion of rock and jazz.
And so back then, jazz was still very much a popular sound that you could hear on the radio. Steely Dan‘s stuff was very jazz-based and they used to play Aja on the radio all the time. Jazz is obviously very much still around but I would argue that the '70's were the last big flourish of anything close to widespread popularity.
None of which explains why this particular album became so popular. It is very much NOT fusion. But it at least explains the “anything goes” nature of what was being listened to. A twenty-six minute piano solo? Why not?
Jarrett has actually done other solo piano albums and he would probably be the first to say that this is neither the greatest nor least of his works. In fact, any jazz artist will tell you that the best music they made was probably last night at the club.
So why do I feature this particular one? I guess because not only is it one of my favorite albums but also because it was my first real introduction to long-form solo piano. It's also significant in that the house in Köln, Germany where Jarrett played, gave him a shitty, out-of-tune baby grand piano that limited his capabilities.
He somehow managed to overcome its limitations, playing mostly in the mid-register to avoid the shrillness of the higher keys. (Jarrett is known for demanding absolute quiet. We saw him around this time at Symphony Hall Boston. If there is any noise from the audience, he stops and puts his hands on his lap till it quells.)
AllMusic says that “With all the tedium surrounding jazz-rock fusion, the complete absence on these shores of neo-trad anything, and the hopelessly angry gyrations of the avant-garde, Jarrett brought quiet and lyricism to revolutionary improvisation.” Unfortunately, he goes on to say that a lot of guys bought it because “the chicks dig it.” Speak for yourself, pal. I bought it because it's great, end of story. So did a lot of people I personally know.
Anyway, I'll shut up here and let the music speak for itself. If the idea of listening to solo piano sounds boring or daunting, put this on while you're working on something. (I find jazz and classical great for writing.) Let it sort of wash over you and set the mood. I'm not a piano player so I have almost no appreciation of what it would take to play like this. But I do play guitar and I doubt that – minus setting my guitar or hair on fire – I could hold your attention for that long:
Some jazz aficionados think that that this is more pop than jazz, perhaps due to its not being as harmonically challenging as jazz typically is or even as much as Jarrett's other works. Well, maybe. But that also, to me, sounds like, “How can it be jazz if it's popular? We are the elite jazz listeners and so the masses can't possibly appreciate it.” Well, too bad for them if they don't listen to it. Because regardless of how you label it, it's a great piece of work.
Republicans demanding answers from President Barack Obama's pick to head the Pentagon forced Senate leaders Wednesday to delay a vote, throwing Chuck Hagel's confirmation into doubt.
Senators James Inhofe and Lindsey Graham have expressed strong opposition to rushing Hagel's confirmation process, and after Hagel was narrowly approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday, the Republicans insisted they would try to block a vote in the full Senate.
“This is the first time in the history of our country that a presidential nominee for secretary of defense has been filibustered. What a shame,” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said on the floor of the chamber.
To overcome the blocking tactic, Reid scheduled a vote on Friday to end debate on the Hagel nomination, but such a procedure requires a 60-vote threshold rather than the typical simple majority.
Democrats hold a 55-45 edge in the Senate. No Democrats are expected to vote against Hagel, a Vietnam War veteran and Republican former senator himself, while just two Republicans have publicly stated their support.
After capturing the long-contested Donetsk airport last week, separatist forces in eastern Ukraine are now surrounding government troops near a rail hub in Debaltseve. The militants are advancing in Ukraine, as President Obama said on Sunday, “with Russian backing, Russian equipment, Russian financing, Russian training, and Russian troops.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin is moving his boundaries to the west, deeper into Europe. In the south, in the Caucasus, the Russian Federation this month effectively absorbed South Ossetia, once a part of Georgia. Last November, Putin swallowed Georgia's Abkhazia. Less than a year ago, it annexed Crimea.
Yet as the willful Russian leader dismantles his neighbors, his economy is tumbling. The price of oil has collapsed beneath him and international sanctions have been heaped on top of him. Where does he find the wherewithal to go on with his quasi-imperial plans?
There's a one-word answer: China.
In recent months China has thrown his economy a lifeline—several of them in fact.
To get an idea just how vital Beijing's assistance has been, let's take a look at just how deep the morass is that Putin's been in.
In November, Russia's gross domestic product fell 0.5 percent, the first decline since October 2009. December, when the numbers are announced, is bound to be worse. The price of oil is now at six-year lows—the Brent spot price has dropped by nearly 60 percent in six months—and oil and gas account for roughly two-thirds of the country's exports. This year, the Russian economy may contract by 10 percent, and possibly by more. Inflation could reach 17 percent this year according to Alexi Vedev, Russia's deputy economy minister.
The ruble has fallen 49 percent against the dollar since the end of 2013. A plunging currency will make it extremely difficult for the country to make required annual payments of $100 billion a year on its foreign debt which amounts to some $600 billion. To defend the currency, the government has raised interest rates. The benchmark hit 17 percent in the middle of last month. That, by itself, will eventually choke off economic activity unless it is reduced. But if it is reduced, the ruble will tumble.
Russians, not surprisingly, are pessimistic. There was more than $150 billion of capital flight last year, more than double the amount in 2013. This year will also see large amounts hemorrhaging out, but the government is trying to stop the flow by imposing “informal currency controls,” making it difficult to convert rubles into dollars. This will deepen the recession as Russian exporters will not be able to pay for raw materials from abroad. Because of capital flight, Russia's foreign currency reserves fell to $380 billion at year's end, from $510 billion at the beginning of 2014.
To make matters worse, Obama on Sunday all but promised more sanctions on Russia and Europe will almost certainly go along with the push. Putin, however, is defiant, blaming both Kiev and NATO for the renewed fighting in Ukraine.
And China is backing his play.
First there are a series of oil and gas contracts signed since 2013, signs of the “energy alliance” between the Dragon and the Bear.
These deals are starting to pay off for Putin. China's imports of Russian oil hit an all-time high in November. November's record, however, did not last long. In December, China topped that by importing 876,000 barrels per day of Russia's crude. That was up 86 percent from December 2013.
Thanks in part to oil and gas sales, total trade volume between China and Russia increased 6.8 percent to $95.3 billion last year, a record. Putin says trade with China will hit $200 billion in 2020.
That sounds high, but that's not all. Beijing apparently has made a decision to support the Russian economy, come what may. As Shen Danyang of China's Ministry of Commerce said this month, “If there is a need from the Russia side, China is willing to offer necessary aid within its capacity.” Those remarks echo those of Foreign Minister Wang Yi's from December and an editorial from the same month in the Communist Party's Global Times. “Russia is an irreplaceable strategic partner on the international stage,” the paper declared. “China must take a proactive attitude in helping Russia walk out of the current crisis.”
Those words are more than just words. In October, Moscow and Beijing entered into a $24.4 billion currency swap arrangement, effectively providing Russia liquidity. Chinese Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng has talked about extending additional help by expanding the swap.
Then the People's Bank of China, China's central bank, on December 26 permitted the trading of renminbi-ruble derivatives, facilitating trade between Chinese and Russian companies. China's Export-Import Bank did its part by extending credit to two sanctioned Russian banks. Premier Li Keqiang, in a three-day visit to Moscow in October, signed 38 deals with the Russians.
Will that be enough? Li Jianmin of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in late December raised the possibility of channeling more aid to Russia through the Shanghai Cooperation Organization or the BRICS forum.
Why is China doing all this? In the Russian strongman, Beijing's policymakers see not only someone who shares their general outlook and a fighter willing to take on Washington, but also a now needy and therefore pliable junior partner. With America essentially identified as China's geopolitical opponent, it is only natural that Beijing seeks to fortify the Kremlin. The Chinese are “happy to join with Moscow to expand business in defiance of Washington,” notes Alexander Salitsky of the Institute of World Economy and International Relations.
How close are Moscow and Beijing? Last year, Putin met Xi Jinping, China's ruler, five times.
And what does China get in return? Beijing gets an opportunity to expand the use of its currency as Russia, targeted by new rounds of sanctions, is progressively shut out of the dollar-based global financial system. Chinese leaders dream about their currency being used around the world in place of the greenback, and Russia's moment of need gives them an opportunity to bring Russia into an expanding renminbi zone.
So Obama and European leaders can pile on all the sanctions they want on Russia, to “weaponize finance” as some say, but Beijing will be standing by to help Putin weather the West's attack.
The battle between the reigning dollar and the challenger renminbi, the 21st century's version of the tariff wars of the 1930s, is now being played out in a new arena, Russia. The Chinese, in the last few months, have made it clear they are willing to deploy great resources to this long struggle.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said that its revenue growth will accelerate this fiscal year as China's largest e-commerce company provided its first financial forecast since going public in 2014. [Photo/Xinhua]
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said that its revenue growth will accelerate this fiscal year as China's largest e-commerce company provided its first financial forecast since going public in 2014.
The company predicted sales will rise at least 48 percent in the year ending March 2017 as it pushes into new markets and businesses beyond e-commerce.
Part of that growth comes from Alibaba's rapid deal-making: it spent about $18.7 billion on acquisitions and stock buybacks over the past year, including on e-commerce site Lazada Group SA.
Sales should rise more than 36 percent this year if revenue from Lazada and streaming video service Youku Tudou Inc are excluded, Chief Financial Officer Maggie Wu said at an investor conference on Tuesday. That compares with a 33-percent growth the previous year.
Analysts were expecting 40 percent revenue growth on average for fiscal 2017.
The guidance reflects how Alibaba is moving into untapped rural markets, exploring business abroad and investing in new sources of income from online media to cloud computing.
The company, which is trying to counter the impact of a slowing economy, bought Youku Tudou to expand into online video and Lazada to gain a foothold in Southeast Asia.
"A growth rate like this would be pretty fast given the base of their business," said Li Yujie, an analyst at RHB Research Institute Sdn in Hong Kong.
Alibaba's shares rose 3.1 percent to $77.77 at the close in New York on Tuesday.
Alibaba's decision to release financial guidance comes after the US Securities Exchange Commission began looking into its accounting practices.
The company is cooperating with the probe, which encompasses data reported from the company's Singles Day promotion on Nov 11, Alibaba's biggest shopping day, as well as how it consolidates results from affiliates such as logistics partner Zhejiang Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co. Alibaba had excluded Cainiao from its results to comply with GAAP accounting rules, Wu said.
Chairman Jack Ma said in November that times would be tough in the following 15 months and that many companies would fail as China tried to rebalance its economy.
Share
More evidence suggesting Apple will introduce a new 12-inch Macbook Air sporting a retina display has surfaced. The new information comes from a detailed research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming Chi Kuo, who predicts the new ultra-thin laptop will “redefine notebook user experience,” when the new laptop allegedly comes in late this year.
According to MacRumors, Kuo believes the 12-inch Macbook Air with Retina will be thinner than the current Air, have no internal fan, and sport a buttonless trackpad.
“We expect the unprecedented 12” model will boast both the portability of the 11” model, and productivity of the 13” model,” Kuo says. “The high resolution display will also offer the outstanding visual experience of the Retina MacBook Pro. The offering will likely be lighter and slimmer than the existing MacBook Air to further highlight ease of portability in the cloud computing era. We think the form factor will showcase a much improved clamshell structure, and that it will redefine laptop computing once again following the milestone created by the MacBook Air.”
All of this information corroborates the slew of rumors about a potential 12-inch Macbook Air with Retina display. So far, the information has come out from multiple places, including a Chinese tech forum and Apple's supply chain.
In addition to the rumored Macbook Air, the report also suggests that Apple may unveil a new “low-priced” iMac later this year. According to the report, the cheaper iMac may hit stores in the middle of the year, as opposed to the new Air, which is expected to launch in late this year.
The engagement of Nickelback lead singer Chad Kroeger and fellow musician Avril Lavigne will probably be the biggest celebrity news to come out of Canada until Prince Harry shows up again and does something untoward at another Alberta bar.
News of the newly-minted music power couple was made public on Tuesday night and spawned snarky commentary on Twitter and other social media platforms.
The hashtag #Chavril, a catchy combination of both of these fine musicians' names, was trending across Canada on Twitter. See more of them in our slideshow at the bottom of the page.
"You know those days when you're just a little bit embarrassed to be Canadian? Like, um, say today," tweeted @waltondawn
Yes. we know that many consider Nickelback one of Canada's more reviled musical exports and Lavigne isn't exactly a critical darling.
But Twitter user @wilnervision had it right when he pointed out the silver lining in #Chavril's engagement:
"Why is everyone freaking out about Chavril? This saves at least two other people from horrible relationships!" Well-played, sir.
We can only respond with this, now very awkward, video of Sum 41 lead singer, and ex-Mr. Lavigne, Deryck Whibley, singing Nickelback's "How You Remind Me." The circle is now complete.
See more tweets about #Chavril:
David Cameron has reportedly moved into a £17m, seven-bedroom townhouse in west London after leaving Downing Street.
The former prime minister, his wife, Samantha Cameron, and three children have moved into the three-storey home owned by PR mogul Sir Alan Parker on one of the most expensive streets in London, according to the London Evening Standard.
The Guardian view on David Cameron: a prime minister of broken promises | Editorial Read more
The Camerons' move came as pictures emerged of the former prime minister enjoying coffee and pastries with George Osborne, who was sacked as chancellor on Wednesday night, at a cafe in north Kensington. Accompanied by their wives and children at Lisboa Patisserie, Cameron and Osborne sat outside the front of the cafe with their security detail watching nearby.
The cafe owner, Celia Gomez, 67, said the two men had coffee and pastéis de nata, Portuguese custard tarts. Cameron used to visit the area frequently but never came to the cafe as prime minister, she said.
Gomez wanted to take a photo of Cameron and Osborne but security guards stopped her, she said.
Meanwhile, Theresa May was clearing out the cabinet that they led for the past six years, with very few of Cameron's ministers remaining in post.
Images of the Holland Park townhouse showed two armed police officers positioned outside on Thursday. Cameron and his family reportedly left the house and headed off on the school run.
Parker, who founded corporate and financial PR giant Brunswick, and his wife, Jane, bought the six-bathroom property in 2014 for £16.5m. Cameron and Parker have holidayed together and the Camerons were invited to the Parkers' wedding in 2007.
Cameron stepped down on Wednesday after six years as prime minister and 11 years as leader of the Conservative party. May, Britain's second female prime minister, took up the post after an audience with the Queen. She set about building her government on Wednesday night, bringing Brexiters David Davis, Liam Fox and surprise addition Boris Johnson into the fold.
After the big shake-up in Wellington a few days ago, I arrived in Auckland, the so-called city of sails. It was rainy so there wasn't much sailing in the harbor but instead traffic jams in the LA-like sprawl of New Zealand's largest city, home to a hustling population of 1.5 million and yes, startups and small businesses that are angling to go international.
While New Zealand's startup scene is young, a few of the more inventive and creative businesses are breaking through in spite of a limited venture capital market yet energized angel investment community. Can-do Kiwis have a tradition for ingenuity -- a trait in common with China's tech entrepreneurs who had to start from scratch. New Zealand is the place that invented the jet boat engine and the electric fence, and it's known for its number 8 wire attitude, a reference to the way Kiwis can make do with a gauge of steel wire popularly used in rural fencing and apply it for all kinds of practical uses. Being in a far away location where tools aren't always handy doesn't matter in today's digital eonomy, and New Zealand's tech entrepreneurs today are making the most of high-speed mobile connections and cloud computing.
Take LanzaTech as one notable example. Formed in 2005, this cleantech company with a novel process to produce low carbon fuels and chemicals has in a few quick years filed for 285 patents and been issued 36 patents, nabbed $90 million in funding from Vinod Khosla and other top-tier venture investors, and opened two facilities in China with partners to scale its technology commercially.
The founder who is also the chief scientific officer, Sean Simpson, is a lightning rod of energy as he describes how LanzaTech went after these opportunities. He tells how he specifically sought out Khosla as his first financial supporter and snared a meeting on Sand Hill Road with the world's most prominent cleantech backer through an angel investor connection in New Zealand. What luck! But of course, it's not just luck. Determined not to return empty-handed, Simpson managed to seal this initial $12 million deal in 2007 with Khosla Ventures as a lead investor based on that first meeting.
Maybe after such a milestone, entering the Chinese market would seem easy. Again, it helps to have connections. Relying on a board of directors from a successive round of investment that brought in one of China's leading investors, Gary Rieschel of Qiming Venture Partners, and others in an $18 million financing in 2010, Simpson began exploring the China opportunity. Soon, he had partnerships with two of the country's largest steel producers, Baosteel and Capital Steel.
"Things move really fast in China, and the opportunity is very exciting," says Simpson, who I interviewed at LanzaTech's Auckland base, which has expanded into a former parking garage to house its growing team of 140, led by Simpson, a PhD who claims to be the world's foremost expert on how the tomato fruit ripens -- a background that came in handy for his related work in renewable energy.
He doesn't see many more hurdles in doing business in China than in any other market. "It's a matter of building relationships with partners we trust," he says, "and there's nothing particularly Chinese about that." What can't hurt though is that the Chinese government has stepped in and provided a research grant to the LanzaTech joint venture.
Boldly going where few New Zealand companies have gone before, LanzaTech also has opened an outpost in Delhi and set up a U.S. office in Chicago. "We are reaching for the stars," says Simpson. "The potential is vast and this is a truly global opportunity."
It's this kind of bold thinking that New Zealand's budding entrepreneurial ecosystem needs. The culture here is one of reserve, as I learned full well when I sat through three turns of red lights at one major intersection without a single car honking before the light was finally triggered and we got moving again.
Of course, there are exceptions to this placid mentality. One who is in the forefront of an entrepreneurial parade here is Andy Hamilton, CEO of The Icehouse, a leader in helping Kiwi founders hatch businesses and accelerate their growth through its Ice Angels funding resource, incubation programs, co-working space and extended network of mentors.
A promising company that is leveraging these resources at Icehouse is LiveLinkConnect, a specialist email marketing service developed by Jason Roberts that relies on a silent email tracking system to gauge responses to business-to-business campaigns and target follow-up messages. Another is Snapcomms, a messaging service targeting larger enterprises internationally that need a way to send alerts and notices to employees' devices that will be seen and read on their screens. Both are focusing on international sales expansion as a key strategy.
Several other startups I've met up with this week are on a high-growth trajectory overseas if not yet a sure path to profitability. One ramping up quickly is point-of-sale software company VEND, which works with retailers to offer promotions that can be accessed by customers from the cloud on their iPad or mobile phone. VEND raised $8 million in financing three months ago from regionally based angel investors and Berlin's Point Nine Capital -- all without tapping the typical Silicon Valley network -- and has leapfrogged in three years to $4 million in annual turnover primarily in the U.S., U.K. and Australia.
Then there's Booktrack, which is currently in beta and has been working with Google and Microsoft BizSpark, to launch software that synchronizes soundtracks to eBooks. The startup caught the eye (and ear?) of PayPal alum and startup investor Peter Thiel of U.S.-based Valar Ventures.
Apparently, Thiel loves the New Zealand lifestyle and vibe as his name just keeps popping up! What's not to like?
Wrapping up my New Zealand tech innovation tour this week, I dropped in on Rex Bionics, which has commercialized technology into a robotics-operated device that allows wheelchair users to stand and walk. I met there with CEO Richard Little, a Scotsman who turned his engineering talent to this high-tech research endeavor in 2003 and raised $18 million in finance from Number 8 Ventures and high net worth individuals. One of the employee engineers demonstrated to me how he relies on Rex to get around. The product, priced at $150,000, is being sold in the U.S. and other major markets.
Don't say New Zealand doesn't have serial entrepreneurs yet -- it does! I met with Greg Cross, who has powered a handful of startups here and overseas and is currently the CEO of PowerbyProxi, a wireless technology that promises to do to electric power what Wi-Fi did to the Internet. If and when this technology goes mainstream -- which could be soon -- we can get rid of multiple battery chargers for our digital devices and just juice them up again on one power pad. Look for new smartphones with embedded chips that make this convenience possible.
PowerbyProxi, which has its whole engineering team in Auckland, is able to get around a major challenge in New Zealand -- finding enough talent to keep up with internal growth. The startup hires graduate students direct from the University of Auckland's specialized program for wireless technology training. Not all Kiwi startups are so fortunate, which could be one reason why the Kiwi Landing Pad in San Francisco has become a popular hang-out for tapping into talent to scale startups.
The Bay Area seems more and more remote every day I stay here. Does this isolation get to people here? I asked my cab driver -- logical source, right? No, he said, that's part of the charm. I think I'm going to agree. And, in the digital tech economy, being remote is no barrier at all. We're all connected!
Harrowing footage has captured the sickening moment a FDNY medic and mother-of-five was run over and killed by a man who stole her ambulance, leaving her distraught partner trying to attack the carjacker.
The chaotic scene unfolded in a matter of minutes on Thursday evening around 7:10pm in the Bronx after the two medics were flagged down by members of the public and told a man was riding on the back bumper of their rig.
The two women were responding to an emergency call for a pregnant woman at the time.
Scroll down for video
Yadira Arroyo (left), a 44-year-old mother of five children, was killed Thursday night after Jose Gonzalez (right) carjacked her ambulance and ran her over
Arroyo's body is seen in the street after Gonzalez stole her ambulance and ran her over. The scene was captured by a bystander
Yadira Arroyo, 44, a 14-year veteran of New York's Bravest, pulled over and the man- identified as 25-year-old Jose Gonzalez - tried to grab someone's bag, according to witnesses.
Moments before the deadly incident, Pix 11 reports that Gonzalez had been going door to door in the neighborhood begging.
As Arroyo attempted to intervene, Gonzalez overpowered her following a brief struggle and jumped behind the wheel of the vehicle, where Arroyo's partner, Monique Williams, 31, was sitting in the passenger side.
Shocking cellphone video shows the ambulance reverse and plow straight into Arroyo, who tries to desperately hold onto the still open door, leaving her for dead in the middle of the road.
Arroyo and her partner were driving to a call when someone alerted them that a man was riding on their back bumper
Arroyo got out of the ambulance to confront the man when he jumped into the driver's seat and pulled away - running her over
Arroyo's partner Monique Williams (third from left) started kicking Gonzalez in the head after he was arrested
Without stopping, Gonzalez then mindlessly drives straight into a parked car before being arrested by a passing off-duty MTA K-9 Officer Danny McCabe and members of the public.
As dozens of police arrive on the scene, Williams rushes to help the stricken Arroyo and screams out loud 'My partner, my partner', before launching herself on Gonzalez, who is handcuffed on the ground.
Sympathetic police attempted to restrain her before doing their best to try and calm her down.
Arroyo was rushed to nearby Jacobi Medical Center, where she was pronounced dead. Williams was treated for minor injuries sustained when the carjacker hit her during his brief attempt to flee.
'They were screaming. They were crying. Everyone was trying to help, said witness Virgilio German to the New York Post.
A solemn guard of honor was laid on later that evening for the fallen officer by members of the FDNY as her body was brought to the Medical Examiner's Officer in Manhattan.
Meanwhile, Gonzalez was arrested and now faces charges of murder, grand larceny and operating a motor vehicle while impaired by drugs.
Police say he is an emotionally-disturbed person with a criminal history of 31 prior arrests. Twenty one of those arrests are sealed, but the 10 that aren't included charges of robbery, assault, criminal mischief, criminal possession of marijuana, public lewdness, graffiti and sale of marijuana.
He reportedly lives in an affordable housing apartment opened in 2015 by Volunteers of America for chronically homeless people, according to the New York Daily News.
The New York Times spoke with two relatives of Gonzalez, who said he had been depressed since his mother died as a child.
He was escorted by police from the 43rd Precinct early Friday morning to be booked in jail.
According to ABC 7, Gonzalez muttered to himself as EMTs watched him being put in a police cruiser.
'I'm innocent. I didn't do anything. I'm innocent,' Gonzalez said.
Some of the EMTs yelled at Gonzalez as he was led past them.
'You're a piece of s***,' one EMT said, according to the Daily News.
'There's a special place in hell for people like you,' another added.
Bystanders rushed to help the two EMTs after the incident
A bereft Monique Williams stands over her colleague's body following the carjacking - which unfolded in a matter of mere moments
Law enforcement officials and bystanders are seen on the right holding down the suspect. Williams (center) bends down over her partner, Arroyo
Screaming out loud, 'My partner, my partner' Willaims (third from left) launches herself on the suspect before police rush to stop her
An officer is seen on the far left restrains Williams after she tried to attack the suspect
Officers attempt to pull Williams away from the scene after the fatal encounter
Witness Anis Nagi, 40, said that he flagged down the ambulance when they saw Gonzalez on the back.
'The female EMT came out of the vehicle,' Nagi told the New York Daily News. 'She left the door open.'
According to Nagi, Gonzalez jumped from the back, tried to mug someone and as Arroyo attempted to stop him he got behind the wheel and plowed into her.
'He reversed so hard and she was dragged,' said Nagi. 'He ran over her and she went under the wheels.'
Gonzalez - who has a lengthy criminal record, managed to get 20 feet before crashing and being dragged from the ambulance and subdued by Officer McCabe and other Good Samaritans.
'He was incoherent and talking to himself,' a witness said.
Williams, who had exited the crashed rig, then runs to her fallen colleague's aid and as she realizes there is nothing to be done lets out a harrowing wail and runs to kick Gonzalez in the head.
'She was screaming, "my partner, my partner!" She was screaming hysterically. I can't forget her screaming,' said office manager Nancy Montavo to the Daily News.
Arroyo, a mother of five, was a 14-year veteran of the FDNY
Arroyo is pictured above in social media posts after her death
A makeshift memorial was set up for Arroyo after her tragic death Thursday night
A flag was being flown at half staff at an EMS station in New York City on Friday
'All the police came running and they put her in an ambulance.'
Sources at the FDNY said that they do not blame Williams for her reaction.
'Makes sense, the guy just ran over her partner,' an FDNY source told the Post. 'Wouldn't blame her for wanting to kick his a**.'
Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro said the force was in mourning and praised both EMTs.
'They were acting very brave,' he said. 'They certainly wanted to continue on their way to that call. The person had no business being in this ambulance.'
Nigro added, 'No matter how many times we do this, it doesn't make it any easier.'
FDNY members salute the body of Arroyo as it arrived at the Medical Examiners Office in New York City Thursday night
Yadira Arroyo's body is lifted from the ambulance draped in the Stars and Stripes
Wearing their dress uniform, members of the FDNY salute Arroyo's body as it was taken inside
EMTs saluted as her body was taken out of an ambulance and into the Medical Examiner's Office
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio rushed to Jacobi Medical Center, where he saluted Arroyo as a hero.
De Blasio said that the mother was, 'lost in the line of duty, bravely doing her job, encountering the kind of danger our EMTs should not have to confront.'
'She started her shift today like every other today, and then a senseless act of violence takes her life,' de Blasio said of the victim.
The family is going through 'unspeakable grief,' added the mayor.
De Blasio offered a 'special deep thank you' to Officer McCabe.
'I want to thank those Good Samaritans who helped apprehend the perpetrator,' Mayor de Blasio said. 'A lot of heroism was on display amidst a great tragedy.'
Governor Andrew Cuomo tweeted 'EMTs are heroes who help countless New Yorkers every day. Tonight's tragedy in the Bronx is horrible. My deepest sympathies to the family.'
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (second from right) is seen speaking with staff at Jacobi Medical Center, where Arroyo was pronounced dead
Police are seen just a few hours after the incident on Thursday night gathering evidence at the intersection between White Plains Road and Watson Avenue in the Bronx
The shocking video was uploaded to Twitter by a user who goes by the Twitter handle @therealswavyjay.
He was later identified by the Daily News as 20-year-old Justin Lopez.
Lopez was filming while his brother was behind the wheel of the car. They were driving toward the ambulance in the waning moments of the event and in the immediate aftermath.
'I was coming from the street, up to the red light and I just saw the ambulance, the sirens and lights, and I told my brother look something's happening, and then somebody just hopped in, and then he hit two cars and ran over the person,' he said.
'I realized he was hijacking the car.'
Arroyo is the eighth EMT to die in the line of duty - and the third woman to die - according to NBC New York.
Anthony Weiner can't stop getting himself into trouble on social media.
The disgraced ex-congressman ignited a juvenile Twitter war with Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Thursday when Weiner poked fun at the governor's decision last month to shut down the transit system Jan. 26 in preparation for the “blizzard” that wasn't.
“Sunday's gonna be cold. Governor Cuomo will soon be closing the subway,” tweeted Weiner, who in 2011 resigned in disgrace over a sext­ing scandal.
The governor's staffers weren't going to let Weiner's crack pass, and fired back.
“Yes, it is going to be cold. A good reason to keep your pants on,” tweeted Cuomo spokesman Richard Azzopardi — a clear reference to Weiner's penis-pic scandal, in which his political career came crumbling down ­after he was caught sending out images of his manhood to women other than his wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Weiner, of course, being an alleged grown-up, had to have the last word, shooting back with a tweet referencing the corruption probes sweeping Albany.
“I have to be careful ­responding. I don't want to be accused of witness tampering,” he tweeted.
The Twitter war of words earned mixed reviews.
“@RichAzzopardi top tweet of the year regardless of what happens in the next 10 months!” wrote Twitter user Taryn Duffy.
Arthur Digby Sellers took Weiner's side, telling Azzopardi, “Sick burn, be sure to share it with [US Attorney] Preet [Bharara] when your entire office gets indicted.”
Weiner's original wintry swipe at Cuomo — who took heat last month when he shut down subways, buses and rails in advance of a blizzard that turned out to be a moderate storm — came after the governor brought up the sexting scandal.
When asked by The New Yorker if it's fair for the governor to be held responsible for Albany corruption, Cuomo responded by saying, “If Anthony Weiner shows his private parts, do you blame Obama?”
The 1999-batch IFS officer was taken into custody on Thursday last as she was dropping her daughter to school and handcuffed in public on visa fraud charges.
Taking a tough stand over the arrest of its diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, in America, India has asked US to return all identity cards issued to their consular officers posted in the country. According to sources, the move may be a precursor to reviewing immunity and benefits enjoyed by US consular officers in India.
This comes even as the US has expressed hope that the diplomatic row won't affect ties between the two countries.
The 1999-batch IFS officer was taken into custody on Thursday last as she was dropping her daughter to school and handcuffed in public on visa fraud charges before being released on a USD 250,000 bonds after pleading not guilty.
Khobragade's arrest, only a day after Indian Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh concluded her highly successful Washington trip, caused a major diplomatic crisis between India and the US.
Lodging a strong protest against the arrest of of Deputy Consul General in New York, India has conveyed to the US that such a kind of treatment to its diplomat is "absolutely unacceptable".
"It was conveyed in no uncertain terms that this kind of treatment to one of our diplomats is absolutely unacceptable," the Indian Embassy said in a statement on Friday after the Charge d'Affaires Taranjit Singh Sandhu met senior officials of the US State Department.
Singh also asked the US officials to resolve the matter at the earliest during the meeting.
In Delhi, Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh summoned US Ambassador Nancy Powell to convey India's "shock" over "absolutely unacceptable" treatment meted out to the senior Indian diplomat.
(With PTI Inputs)
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Spotify has agreed to a new licensing agreement with Universal Music Group, the companies announced today. As part of the deal, Spotify has agreed to allow new albums from Universal artists to be restricted to its premium service for up to two weeks moving forward, confirming our report from last month. Spotify will also pay slightly less to UMG in royalty fees, according to sources close to the situation.
In a statement, Spotify CEO Daniel Ek admitted that Spotify understands that its policy of releasing albums across its entire service couldn't last forever. “We know that not every album by every artist should be released the same way, and we've worked hard with UMG to develop a new, flexible release policy,” Ek stated. “Starting today, Universal artists can choose to release new albums on premium only for two weeks, offering subscribers an earlier chance to explore the complete creative work, while the singles are available across Spotify for all our listeners to enjoy.”
The agreement with UMG should allow for deals with Spotify's other two major label partners, Warner Music Group and Sony Music Group, to be completed in short order — deals that likely will match the parameters set in the Spotify-UMG deal — paving the way for Spotify's initial public offering. The company wanted to IPO this year, but given how long the negotiating process has taken, Spotify's plans have been pushed back to 2018.
Korean media portal The Fact has published breaking news, revealing that top Hallyu idols are involved in drug bust involving cocaine at Incheon International Airport.
While one of the celebrities involved is 53-year old singer Gye Eun Sook, who was arrested for using meth, police are also investigating a top idol group member.
Police revealed they were looking into a top Hallyu idol group member “B” for using drugs as well, though as to who it is has not been revealed yet.
On June 22nd, the Seoul District Prosecutor Office filed for an arrest warrant for A, who was arrested and give a drug test which later came out positive from a hair follicle. “A” is known to be a concert staff member at a major label.
A revealed that an idol from his company used drugs with him in private spaces such as recording booths and studios in order to avoid other people's eyes.
Additionally, police suspect that other idols have been abusing cocaine with “A” including “B.” Multiple entertainment personnel have stated that “B” is a top level artist.
The abrupt and extensive nature of the investigation has the entertainment industry worried and one of the entertainment personnel stated, “As rumors were going around that a singer from a major label was going to be the next target of police investigation, the whole industry is growing worried.”
Source: The Fact
An aide to Maryland Congressman Elijah Cummings lost six of her nine children early Thursday in a horrific house fire, officials said, and two of her surviving kids are fighting for their lives.
Katie Malone's 8-year-old daughter was credited with saving her 4- and 5-year-old brothers by carrying them out of the flame-filled home around midnight.
The 8-year-old, Erin, was later released from Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, but her mother and surviving siblings, Jack and Jane, were in critical condition.
Malone has worked with Rep. Elijah Cummings for more than 11 years, overseeing various issues including immigration, postal services and the military.
“It's a very difficult time for our office,” Cummings said at a news conference Thursday.
Cummings had a lengthy discussion with Malone's husband, William, who assured him that his wife was “going to be OK.”
“My staff is a family and this unimaginable tragedy is shocking and heartbreaking to us all. I again ask for your prayers,” Cummings, a Democrat, said in a statement.
The inferno ripped through the family's three-story home, causing the top two floors to collapse.
The Baltimore Fire Department pulled the first little body from the smoldering wreckage around 10:30 a.m. — nearly 10 hours after the fire started.
They worked throughout the day, wading through the charred building looking for any signs of life.
But by Thursday afternoon, they made the grim discovery of five other children.
The six deceased kids were a 9-month-old boy, a 2-year-old boy, 3-year-old twin girls, a 10-year-old girl and an 11-year-old girl, the fire department said.
The top floors had already collapsed and the flames had melted part of a parked car when firefighters arrived, Baltimore Mayor Catherine E. Pugh said.
The fire also caused some damage to neighboring homes.
A neighbor, Robert Spencer, woke up in the middle of the night after hearing loud noises.
He tried to find a way inside the house after talking with Malone and realizing the children were trapped inside, but said the flames were too powerful.
“I was so emotional,” Spencer, 51, told the Baltimore Sun. “I said, ‘Where's the babies at?' She said, ‘They're in the house.' I said, ‘Please, I've got to go get them.' ”
“The flames was coming from everywhere,” he said. “You could feel the heat.”
Officials are investigating what sparked the blaze.
With Post Wires
Jack Wilshere is back in training but will not be rushe d(Picture: Getty Images)
Arsenal's game with Watford was probably over as a contest after four minutes, much to Arsene Wenger's relief.
As soon as Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners in front the frailties that have dogged Watford since the turn of the year were clear to see.
Just two wins in 13 Premier League matches threatens to spoil their excellent return to the top flight. There is no realistic threat of relegation, which has perhaps contributed to their dip in form, but it is Odion Ighalo's goal drought that stands out.
Three strikes in his last 16, compared to 12 in his previous says everything. His last two have come in the FA Cup and they have a very winnable semi-final against Crystal Palace that might also be creeping into their thoughts.
Arsenal still maintain faint hopes of the title, of course – and look more much comfortable now that it is out of their hands – but most of the post-match hoopla was about the development of match-winner Alex Iwobi.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The focus may have already switched to next season.
Early signs are good but Wilshere won't be rushed
Wenger confirms Jack Wilshere is back in full training but talk of a return for the development side this week – against Newcastle – appears to be a little premature.
The boss was quick to quash any suggestion that he would be involved.
‘Wilshere back for the Under-21's? Not yet, no, we have not decided that yet,' he explained. ‘It is his first week and we'll see how he responds to that.'
Cazorla in a race to play competitively again this season
Santi Cazorla has started to run outside but the Spanish international is still ‘a few weeks away.'
‘At the moment he looks like he has a chance to be completely fit before the end of the season,' Wenger added. ‘Although you always have to remain cautious when returning to full training the knee is fine. The delay has been caused by an ongoing Achilles tendonitis problem.'
Trio close in on a return
Aaron Ramsey and Mathieu Flamini will ‘hopefully' be available for the trip to West Ham, but the given the form of Mohamed Elneny neither will be rushed back. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ‘is progressing well' and it is envisioned the winger will be available within three to four weeks.
Team news Aaron Ramsey
Injury: Thigh Strain.
Estimated return date: Hoping to return next weekend. Mathieu Flamini
Injury: Hamstring Strain.
Estimated return date: Hoping to return next weekend. Santi Cazorla
Injury: Achilles Tendonitis.
Estimated return date: Late April / early May. Jack Wilshere
Injury: Hairline fracture of the fibula.
Estimated return date: Full training. Late April. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Injury: Knee ligament injury.
Estimated return date: Late April / early May. Tomas Rosicky
Injury: Thigh muscle strain.
Estimated return date: Full training. Late April.
Although 2011's Bridesmaids crushed the summer box office, reminded Hollywood that women are funny, and earned its writers, Annie Mumolo and Kristen Wiig, an Oscar nomination—a rare achievement for a comedy—Mumolo had some difficulty finding her professional footing after her first major Hollywood success.
“I was basically told, ‘No one knows what the value of your contribution was to this movie, so you need to write something alone,'” Mumolo told us, during a recent lunch in Burbank. The Irvine, California, native, who first teamed up with Wiig during their years at the Los Angeles improv company the Groundlings, was offered assorted re-writing gigs for projects studios hoped Mumolo could make “the next Bridesmaids.”
But Mumolo, a newcomer to the Hollywood big leagues, confesses, “I didn't even know what that meant at that point.” She adds modestly, “I also didn't have enough screenwriting experience, frankly, to be able to fix people's scripts.” Even with the Oscar nomination, Mumolo says, “I just didn't feel confident enough or comfortable enough taking that on.”
Mumolo was also exhausted—she had two children throughout the long, arduous process of bringing Bridesmaids to the screen. (Mumolo and Wiig sold the film to Universal while she was pregnant with her first child, Grace, and she delivered her second child, Vincent, several weeks after production finally wrapped.) The experience of long hours on set while heavily pregnant, followed by rounds of release and awards-season press, left her “disoriented” and “exhausted.”
“I wanted to take a break, even though I didn't really have the money to be doing it,” Mumolo says. “Bridesmaids was my first job, and you don't get paid much for first jobs.” Alas, her agent called with a project he thought would interest her—a film based on the incredible life story of Joy Mangano, the single mother turned Miracle Mop inventor. The project would allow Mumolo to write solo in a different genre. And after meeting the “magnetic” Mangano and hearing her inspiring story, Mumolo was hooked.
“She is a rare human being, and she glows when you meet her,” Mumolo says of Mangano. “She's smart. She had many challenges and obstacles and a very difficult life and she made no excuses. She believed in herself and made something of herself with no help from anyone—with people around her trying to take from her and discouraging her on a daily basis, she persevered.”
Mumolo devoted nearly two years to the project. But when it came time for the studio to find a director, David O. Russell expressed interest in taking over the creative helm and brought his Oscar-winning Silver Linings Playbook muse Jennifer Lawrence with him to star.
Russell, who writes most of his own films, had an entirely different direction in mind for the project. And although Mumolo was given an executive-producer and story credit, she says, “I was not involved in any way in the movie going forward.” She did not even attend the premiere.
“It was painful, but I also understand how this business works,” Mumolo says. “It toughened me up in a huge way and I am the wiser from the experience.”
Fortunately, Mumolo had plenty of distractions—raising two kids in Burbank and co-starring in a variety of projects, including NBC's About a Boy, Transparent, The Boss, and Bad Moms. The last—an ensemble comedy, which, like Bridesmaids, features a cast of capable women, including Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, and Jada Pinkett Smith—premieres in theaters this Friday.
“With acting, you show up, you work, and you go home,” Mumolo says. “You get paid two weeks later.” Writing, however, is another beast altogether: “The type of mental energy you need to write is different, especially with kids. You're rarely ever able to focus on anything like that.”
While many are familiar with the professional trajectory of Mumolo's occasional collaborator Wiig, Mumolo's story is lesser known. The middle child of a dentist father and stay-at-home mother, Mumolo graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a history degree. Soon after, the Irvine native moved to Los Angeles and began a circuit of “odd jobs that were all very humiliating”—one of which was dressing up as a mermaid for children's birthday parties.
“The costume was two shells and a string and then, like, a tight fin down to the ankles,” Mumolo recalls with shivers. “You had to make balloon animals and do magic shows. The first party I went to, my dad was like, ‘You're not going out. You're not doing this.'”
Mumolo, who took acting classes through college and afterwards at the South Coast Repertory theater, remembers responding haughtily, “I am a professional! This is my job!” She continues, “I went to the party. It was not in a neighborhood you probably want to be running around in this costume in.” It was a birthday party for a two-year-old—and while holding the kid for a photo, her flimsy bikini top fell down so that she was left frozen in horror, an amateur mermaid flashing an entire children's party.
It didn't get any better after she left, though: “I realized I didn't have a change of clothes and I was out of gas and I had to go pump gas in the costume.”
After about six months, Mumolo began a series of other jobs, including working as an elf at the Costa Mesa mall and waitressing, the latter of which she continued to offset her years performing with the Groundlings improv group, which was recommended by two friends.
“I did lots of impressions at the table when I was growing up,” Mumolo says. “When I was five, my mom said I did an impression of Mae West. . . . Then, you know, in your pre-teen years, I was anxious and in a real awkward stage and your sense of humor is what gets you through.”
During her 10-year ascent through Groundlings ranks, she gelled with fellow performer Kristen Wiig.
“We knew each other [during classes], but we actually didn't start performing together until when we got to the Sunday Company,” Mumolo recalls, referring to an upper-echelon Groundlings troupe that performs weekly. “We instantly had success together getting stuff into the show. We had chemistry, I guess, that is rare to find creatively.”
One favorite sketch involved the duo playing the 70s musicians who composed and performed the music to the Disneyland Electrical Parade's insane theme song.
“It's the craziest song, and we made all these instruments that corresponded with each sound in the song. We had a huge keyboard that ran the length of the stage. We made one out of a water bottle that had a crank on it. We would just come up with a six-foot-long horn and it was the most fun I've ever had onstage.”
After one show, a producer approached the duo and, impressed by their comedic chemistry, invited them to pitch him on a project. Mumolo and Wiig called and shared an idea for a female-fronted comedy about bridesmaids. The producer never called back.
Several months after pitching the movie that would one day explore how adult milestones affect female relationships, Wiig was cast on Saturday Night Live, where she quickly became one of the show's breakout stars. Mumolo, however, missed out on the visit from S.N.L. producers because she was suffering from morning sickness. Sadly, the pregnancy did not last.
“Kristen left and I lost that pregnancy and then I was sort of . . . I wasn't at the theater when [producers] came to get people, and had a bit of a feeling of loss,” Mumolo reveals. “I guess before Kristen left, I didn't realize how much joy our creative relationship gave me.
She realized later that *Saturday Night Live “really wasn't my path.” As Mumolo explains, “I always wanted to have kids and I wouldn't have been able to otherwise. I've never lost sleep over it. It was a brief phase that happened during that time period.”
Despite the distance, Wiig and Mumolo continued kicking ideas back and forth from opposite ends of the country, and after Wiig had a scene-stealing bit part in Knocked Up, Mumolo pitched the Bridesmaids idea to director Judd Apatow. By the time that Wiig and Mumolo called him later that day—to suggest a different idea instead—he had already sold the project to Universal.
Bridesmaids, which was based on many of Mumolo's experiences serving as a round-the-calendar bridesmaid to her many cousins, resonated with a wide audience, including one revered dramatic actress who became an unlikely pen pal: Tilda Swinton.
“Like Joy, Tilda is also magical,” Mumolo gushes. “One of the most surprising pieces of information we got during that Bridesmaids time period was that Tilda really loved the movie. We became e-mail friends—just writing back and forth occasionally. It was so funny, I thought, that Tilda Swinton was e-mailing me.
“She's like, from another world,” Mumolo says, in awe of her e-mail pen pal—the type of mythical celebrity who inspires the best fan fiction. “She's one of the most intelligent people I've ever encountered. She's so funny. Her e-mails are like works of art, truly. They should be published. The way she communicates is just beautiful and poetic.”
With time, the e-mails built to a professional collaboration.
“She asked me, ‘Have you read Auntie Mame?'” Mumolo remembers, referring to Patrick Dennis's 1955 novel about a boy and his over-the-top eccentric aunt. “I said, ‘No, I haven't read the book but I've seen the other version of it made into a film version in the 50s.' She said, ‘Would you take a look at it? I want to see if you are interested in writing a modern-day adaptation.' I said yes, because you say yes to Tilda Swinton when she asks if you want to do something.
“I read the book and it was one of the most fun reads I've ever had. It's totally different from what I had seen in the movie versions,” Mumolo says. “We had meetings and then, as I got a little overwhelmed with a few other work things, I brought on a co-writer to work together on this, because it's a huge job and an adaptation. I brought on a friend of mine—Stan Chervin [the Oscar-nominated Moneyball co-screenwriter].”
Mumolo is also nearing production on a comedy for Tri-Star that will re-unite her with Wiig, on- and offscreen. (“It's not in the vein of Bridesmaids. It's totally different in tone.”). She's also working on a more dramatic HBO pilot with Tim Lovestedt, that Laura Dern is executive producing.
When press for Bad Moms wraps, Mumolo will return to self-imposed isolation, working with Chervin on the Auntie Mame adaptation for Swinton to star. “I'm really excited about it,” Mumolo says. “You're always feeling you have to prove yourself, and then once you do that, you're onto the next thing and you feel like you have to prove yourself again.”
But Mumolo, with her newfound strength, inspired projects, and persisting talent, shouldn't have any problem proving herself many times more.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
If you want to see how firearm sales can be effectively banned, look no farther than the so-called "free state" of Maryland. Although Maryland's newly promulgated "assault gun" ban and licensing requirements will not go into effect until October , it is already nearly impossible to reasonably purchase a pistol or other "regulated" weapon in the state, and those who do face waiting periods of 50-60 days and increasing daily. After October 1, with additional training requirements (including range time), fingerprinting, and licensing, it's likely that waiting times will increase exponentially, and that would-be legal gun owners will face periods of additional months, or conceivably years, before they can receive a pistol or other regulated weapon (though nevermore a so-called "assault weapon.") Under this scenario, it's hard to see how many gun dealers will remain in business, or why online outfits would bother to sell here (some already don't).
Going into a Maryland gun shop today is like going into an East German department store in the 1970s or '80s. You'll find little but empty shelves, or shelves filled with weapons already labeled "sold" but whose owners can't yet pick their guns up. Even without Maryland's draconian new gun law, weapons sales in the state are already heavily regulated. Maryland's ambitious leftist Democratic governor, Martin O'Malley, and a pliant Democratic-dominated legislature passed the harsh new measures despite the fact that Beretta operates its U.S. plant in Maryland and threatened to move and take hundreds of jobs with it if Maryland passed the new legislation. That made no difference to the Democrats.
Under already existing law, purchases of pistols or "assault weapons" are limited to one per month and require a background check by the Maryland State Police (MSP) and a seven-day waiting period. This system has already stymied gun sales in the state. With unprecedented purchases due to fear over potential (and now actual) heightened restrictions, the MSP is swamped with paperwork. Many gun enthusiasts suspect, like workers attempting to divine the will of the politburo, that the MSP is under secret orders from O'Malley to drag its feet processing new applications. I doubt that any such a conspiracy exists, or that the MSP is deliberately slowing the process. Rather, it is just choosing not to make heroic efforts to clear the backlog, while letting the law and natural bureaucratic inertia do the rest.
Beginning October 1, things promise to get immeasurably worse. The new Maryland law, like other recently promulgated efforts at firearms regulation, purports to respect the rights of gun owners, but its provisions quite insidiously eat away at the very heart of the 2nd Amendment. Most obviously is the "assault gun" ban, which makes most currently regulated long guns illegal.
Like other limiting state statutes, the Maryland law is filled with nonsense and misunderstandings. The statue obsesses over meaningless cosmetics, like pistol grips and flash suppressors, and thoroughly misunderstands firearm history. Some weapons, such as the M-1 carbine, are designated as "assault rifles" even though they were introduced many years before such a concept even existed. And while the M-1 carbine is currently regulated (and banned under the new law), its bigger, much more powerful cousin, the M-1 Garand, is specifically excluded from regulation. Yet it was the Garand, not the carbine, that was the principle battle rifle of American combat troops in World War II, famously described by General George Patton as "the greatest battle implement ever devised." The carbine, which fires a relatively weak pistol cartridge, was issued to rear area troops, while the Garand, which shoots the devastating .30-.06 round, equipped the infantry.
The rationale for such distinctions, insofar as any is evident, seems to be that the carbine uses an external box magazine, while the Garand does not. The current nemesis of gun regulators is the high-capacity magazine, and because the carbine can (although usually doesn't) take such a magazine, it is viewed as the more dangerous weapon.
But what really might kill gun ownership in Maryland is the new training, fingerprinting, and licensing requirements for owners of regulated firearms. With the MSP already denying rightful gun owners their weapons for up to two months (or more), the newer regulations promise to bring the system to a grinding halt. Would-be pistol owners now will have to not only take an eight hour classroom training course, but actually hit the range to be certified and licensed. And since Maryland has relatively few shooting ranges, the likelihood of this process moving along in anything like an efficient and effective manner is nil.
At some popular public ranges, you already have to take a ticket and wait though twenty or more people to get a bit of shooting time. After October 1, you'll have to camp out. And that doesn't even figure in the added complications of fingerprinting and paying for and issuing licenses.
Under this scenario it is hard to see how many gun shops will stay in business. While sales of unregulated firearms -- essentially bolt- and lever-action hunting rifles, or shotguns -- will remain relatively unscathed under the new regime, there is not so much hunting going on in the state that many businesses outside rural areas will remain profitable. As for online sales, some companies -- such as the popular outfit cheaperthandirt -- already choose not to sell to Maryland, even under its old regulations. Under the new statute, I expect many more to follow suit.
Those reading this in Southern or Western states and thinking, "Well, that's Maryland; it will never happen here" might do well to think again. Maryland is really a Southern state, and its rural areas on the eastern shore and the western panhandle support a culture not all that different from that in the South or West. But it is the dense concentrations of liberal folk in the Washington, D.C. suburbs, and in and around Baltimore, who are driving politics and policy in Maryland. It is less a matter of party affiliation than location that influences opinion.
Other states are not so different. And nationally, the opinions of people in the densely populated urban areas on the coasts generally mirror those in Maryland's urban areas, thus ultimately threatening to limit the rights of gun owners, even in the South and West, through federal legislation.
Gun rights activists are often mocked for fighting against even the most seemingly innocuous and reasonable regulation as direct assaults on the 2nd Amendment. But what's happening in Maryland shows that such concerns are not at all unreasonable.
Leonardo DiCaprio released his climate change documentary, “Before the Flood,” on National Geographic.
The actor has become one the largest public faces pushing for action on man-made global warming.
I make a brief cameo in the movie so several friends asked how I felt being lumped in with the climate deniers. (I'll be setting up my IMDb page any day now).
I simply commented that many climatologists believe the science isn't settled. I guess that makes me a science denier and a shill for the fossil fuel industry.
To be honest, I hadn't planned on watching “Before the Flood.” I assumed the film would spit out the same, tired narrative: Industrial progress is destroying the planet and Big Oil is funneling money to politicians and conservative organizations to stop meaningful action on global warming. But I did watch it and such is the case.
There are many claims worth addressing throughout the hour and a half long film. Here are some of the issues that warrant the most attention.
Lifestyle Changes for Thee, but Not for Me
During a moment of self-reflection in the film, DiCaprio admitted his carbon footprint “is probably bigger than most people's.”
Probably? Leo, you fly around the world on a private jet and have rented one of the world's largest yachts on multiple occasions. You definitely have a larger footprint.
Yet, a theme throughout the documentary and its supporting website emphasizes lifestyle changes you should make to reduce global warming. The suggestions include: line-drying your clothes, buying a hybrid vehicle, reducing your air travel (and definitely don't fly first class), buying less meat, and not drinking bottled water.
If people want to eat vegan and buy an energy-efficient dishwasher, that's their prerogative. Instead, hypocritical elitists would rather tell you how to live your life and encourage government mandates and regulations to enforce those changes.
Not only do these policies restrict your individual freedoms, the film conveniently ignores the costs of these policies, which are significant.
Cumulatively, the federal government's war on coal along with the regulations on oil and natural gas production, will drive energy costs higher for households and businesses, hitting low-income families hardest.
And what do we get for it all? Another gaping omission from “Beyond the Flood” is how taking action would actually make a difference. Or more accurately, make no difference at all. Even if the U.S. were somehow able to transition to a zero carbon dioxide economy, the planet would be a few tenths of a degree Celsius cooler by the year 2100.
Debunking Climate Alarmism
It wouldn't be a climate documentary without hearing the phrase “The science is settled” or that “97 percent of climate scientists agree.” This 97 percent statistic is nothing more than a false talking point. The figure comes from a 2013 study in Environmental Research Letters that examines the abstracts of nearly 12,000 academic papers on climate change.
Of the more than 4,000 studies that expressed an opinion, “97.1 percent endorsed the consensus position that humans are causing global warming.” But that doesn't mean 97 percent of climatologists endorse man-made, imminent catastrophic warming.
Experts have a wide range of theories as to the magnitude of warming, the causes, the rate of future warming, etc. To demonstrate just how bogus the 97 percent statistic is, David Legates, former director of Delaware's Center for Climatic Research, examined the same papers. He found that a mere 1 percent of the 4,014 papers expressing an opinion on climate change claim that the majority of warming since 1950 is man-made.
Despite imagery in the documentary alluding to more frequent and intense natural disasters, the data show no trends for extreme weather events.
The current rate of sea level rise lies far beneath alarmist projections. Coral reefs are showing their resilience.
“Beyond the Flood” even pays lip service to now debunked climate research, the “hockey stick” graph. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change used the hockey stick for years to illustrate rapid global warming, but it has proven it to be fabricated. Rather than interviewing climatologists who disagree with the concept of imminent catastrophic man-made warming, the documentary labels dissenters as scientifically ignorant deniers.
Carbon Dioxide Is Not Smog
The documentary's disingenuous misrepresentation of carbon dioxide as a harmful pollutant is another reason not to take “Beyond the Flood” seriously. In DiCaprio's trip to China to discuss how the country has surpassed the U.S. as the largest emitter of carbon dioxide, almost the entire segment focuses on China's “airpocalypse.”
The documentary shows China's massive smog problem where air toxicity levels are high, people are wearing masks, schools have closed, and people can't go to work. In the same clip, Ma Jun, a director with the Beijing-based nonprofit the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs, remarks, “In China, people have concerns about climate change. But first and foremost, because their everyday life is affected.”
China's environmental problems are not carbon dioxide problems.
Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless, nontoxic gas. It is a necessary component for photosynthesis and the growth of green vegetation.
There's no denying China has serious air and water quality problems. But people aren't wearing masks in China because they're worried about carbon dioxide. They're worried about smog. The technology exists to reduce such pollutants and most power plants in China have them installed. However, because it's cheaper to run the power plant with the scrubbers off, operators do so. If there's an environmental challenge in our present day that DiCaprio should address, it's reducing the real pollutants that we know have harmful health impacts.
Developing Nations Want Affordable, Reliable Energy
Perhaps unintentionally, “Beyond the Flood” aptly depicts how energy impoverished the developing world is. More than 1.2 billion people in the world today have no access to electricity. Nearly 3 billion people rely on wood, agricultural residue, and cow dung (shown in the film) for cooking and heating.
One astounding fact DiCaprio says when speaking to a woman in New Delhi is that the number of people without electricity in India is equivalent to the entire population of the United States. It's morally unconscionable to tell people with such low standards of living they effectively have to stay de-developed.
The priority for places like this is economic development and eradicating poverty. Affordable, dependable power is a staple input for that development. The developing world's use of conventional fuels should be celebrated, not condemned. It is a sign of better standards of living. Intermittent, expensive renewable power is not going cut it.
In fact, the documentary makes note of Germany's shift to more wind and solar but nothing of the high costs borne by taxpayers and ratepayers—as well as the country's shift to more coal as the government decided to decommission its nuclear plants.
Renewables can be part of the energy supply, as can nuclear power, which is largely absent from the film. Nevertheless, meeting the world's energy needs should be driven by market investments, not the government. Unfortunately, the marchers behind DiCaprio's drumbeat will overlook this point.
Beyond the Flood, Don't Believe the Hype
Riddled with inaccuracies, hypocrisies, and half-truths, “Before the Flood” is much like the climate debate itself: all hype, no substance. The bias isn't surprising, but the fact that people will take this film seriously is.
CBS News has learned a former executive for a major health insurance company, Cigna, will speak out for the first time before Congress tomorrow on practices that he is expected to characterize as deceptive by the health insurance industry.
Wendell Potter, the former Vice President of Communications for Cigna Insurance Company in Philadelphia is scheduled to testify at 2:30 pm before the Senate Commerce Committee. He is expected to describe how the health insurance industry purposefully uses "confusing language" for consumers as part of its business strategy. He worked in the health insurance industry for 20 years for both Cigna and Humana health insurance companies.
Cigna spokesperson Chris Curran told CBS that Potter retired from Cigna over a year ago. Curran says the company launched an effort to simplify its language with consumers a year and a half ago, "We do feel it is important that individuals understand what they have and what they are entitled to," he said.
Curran says the company's efforts are part of a program they call "Words We Use" which for example includes using "process" instead of "adjudicate". Another example, instead of using "after a comprehensive appraisal of the circumstances" they now tell consumers, "after reviewing your case."
The chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, Jay Rockefeller D, WV released a statement to CBS News criticizing any business practices that confuse patients, "Consumers can't challenge insurance companies' decisions because the companies don't explain the terms of coverage in clear, understandable language."
The Committee will also release the results of its investigation into the practices of 18 different health insurance companies. The investigation is expected to show that health care companies routinely set out of pocket reimbursement rates know as "usual and customary" rates based on questionable information.
MINNEAPOLIS – The past week has not been a good one for the CIA. Ever since Wikileaks published a trove of documents exposing the agency's ability to hack everything from smartphones to smart televisions to PCs, the CIA has been on the defensive, framing its shady behavior as necessary for protecting national security.
Despite the oft-used excuse of “national security” to justify a reduction in constitutionally-guaranteed civil liberties, the fact remains that the CIA – as Wikileaks has revealed – is able to hack any device that is Internet-enabled, meaning no one is safe from the prying eyes of the government's ever-expanding surveillance state.
In addition to revealing the CIA's hacking capabilities, the documents – nicknamed “Vault 7” by Wikileaks – also exposed the agency's hoarding of software vulnerabilities in smartphones and other devices. These vulnerabilities, specifically those known as “zero-day” exploits, were amassed by U.S. intelligence agencies not for the purpose of fixing them, but in order to intentionally keep them open for the purpose of undisclosed surveillance.
These vulnerabilities were hidden from both technology manufacturers and consumers alike. It remains unknown how long the CIA allowed technology used by millions of Americans to remain vulnerable after the agency became aware of their existence.
And the controversy doesn't end there. The “Vault 7” release also officially confirmed that the CIA is spending millions of dollars to have monopolistic control over these exploits, paying up to 1.5 million dollars (or perhaps more) per exploit. Even worse, the CIA – according to Wikileaks – recently lost control of its vast arsenal of hacking tools and exploits, meaning the large amount of money spent to control them was essentially wasted on an effort that has now made the entire world significantly more vulnerable and less secure.
Feeding the Beast: Explosive Growth in the “Zero-day” Exploit Market
While the Wikileaks release is the first public disclosure of the U.S. government's hefty expenditures on software vulnerabilities, the practice has been known about for years. In 2013, the New York Times reported on the sale of “zero-day” exploits to government agencies, bolstering claims made by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden that government surveillance assets were embedded in software developed by private companies.
“Zero-day” refers to weaknesses in hardware or software that are not known to manufacturers, leaving them with zero days to create patches to address the vulnerabilities. While private companies have “bounty” programs that are meant to incentivize the reporting of weaknesses, governments find them incredibly attractive and valuable, using them in sophisticated cyberattacks or investigations.
Decades ago, hackers and other tech-savvy individuals would often inform tech companies of vulnerabilities for free for pennies on the dollar if they were sold. However, growing government – as well as criminal – interest has led to the emergence of a lucrative business in recent years, with companies dedicated to the discovery and sale of zero-day exploits springing up throughout the world.
Not surprisingly, many of these companies are secretive and refuse to disclose their clientele. However, Snowden's revelations strongly suggested that the U.S. government was among the main buyers of programming flaws, though that evidence was not clear-cut.
Releases from Wikileaks have now proven that the U.S. government is very much involved in the purchase of exploits from contractors that specialize in their sale. In a document detailing some of the CIA's exploits of iOS and Android, several exploits are listed as having been “purchased by the NSA” and “shared with CIA.” It also lists other tools that were acquired from several contractors, who were given code-names like Baitshop, SurfsUp, Fangtooth and Anglerfish.
If you're writing about the CIA/@Wikileaks story, here's the big deal: first public evidence USG secretly paying to keep US software unsafe. pic.twitter.com/kYi0NC2mOp — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) March 7, 2017
While the code-names have obfuscated the identities of these companies (for now), there are some likely candidates. This 2013 New York Times article on the zero-day exploit market mentions a Virginia company called Endgame “in which a former director of the NSA is playing a major role.” According to the Times, Endgame has developed “a number of tools that it sells primarily to the United States government to discover vulnerabilities, which can be used for fighting cyber-espionage and for offensive purposes.”
Endgame also gained notoriety as being of particular interest to imprisoned journalist Barrett Brown and was allegedly part of a story slain journalist Michael Hastings was working on at the time of his death. Brown had uncovered an email in which former Endgame CEO Chris Rouland stated that he wanted to “keep a low profile” on his company's work for the federal government. Another company – Netragard – is also named by the Times as having “strictly U.S.-based” clientele whose demand for its “services” pushed the price it charged per flaw up dramatically, rising from 35,000 dollars in 2010 to 160,000 dollars in 2013.
The Cost of the CIA's Exploit Arsenal
With such a hefty price tag, one has to wonder – how much is the government spending on these exploits? Though Wikileaks doesn't list exact figures, the known market price per exploit can give us an idea. Tech companies themselves offer rewards or “bounties” for flaws in their products, ranging up to 200,000 dollars per flaw for Apple and Google, with Microsoft offering less.
However, these bounties are dwarfed by what private companies are willing to pay, with most offering well over double the amounts given by manufacturers. For most companies, prices depend on the flaw's sophistication and whether or not the software is commonly used. For that reason, vulnerabilities in Apple's iOS, the operating system for iPhones, have been known to top 1.5 million dollars per exploit. Some companies, like the French firm Vupen, charge customers a 100,000-dollar yearly subscription fee in addition to the charges per sale.
But the figures offered by tech companies “pale in comparison to what the government pays” Christopher Soghoian of the American Civil Liberties Union told the New York Times. The U.S. government, he added, “created Frankenstein by feeding the market.” Indeed, if these private companies are paying over a million dollars per exploit, those that then sell them to the federal government are likely charging significantly more.
It therefore seems likely that much of the massive U.S. “black budget” used to fund clandestine programs for U.S. intelligence is used to purchase these incredibly expensive exploits. When Snowden confirmed the size of the black budget for the first time – 52.6 billion dollars in fiscal year 2013 – it was revealed that offensive cyber operations and research devoted to decoding encrypted communications were among the biggest priorities for the intelligence community.
Losing Control and Compromising Security on an Unprecedented Scale
Despite pouring millions into the purchase and hoarding of technological vulnerabilities, the contents of this vast database did not stay secret for very long. Wikileaks, during its press conference on the “Vault 7” release, noted that the CIA “lost control of the the majority of its hacking arsenal.” According to the source that provided the documents to Wikileaks, the CIA's hacking tools and exploits had been “circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner,” leading to their proliferation.
Watch the full WikiLeaks Vault 7 press conference on the CIA:
As Wikileaks also noted, proliferation is a major risk in this case, considering that “once a single cyber ‘weapon' is ‘loose' it can spread around the world in seconds, to be used by rival states, cyber mafia and teenage hackers alike.” More concerning is that the “unauthorized manner” in which the tools were shared means that these rival states and faceless hackers likely gained access to the CIA's hacking tools and exploit long before Wikileaks made them public. However, the CIA still kept these vulnerabilities hidden from tech companies and the public, despite having lost control over them.
But even before the CIA lost control, it was already compromising the security of millions of Americans by intentionally leaving the vulnerabilities open. The fact that U.S. intelligence agencies intentionally threatened the cybersecurity of millions of citizens to surreptitiously favor its own surveillance tactics makes the “national security” excuse decidedly ineffective.
This is particularly true as the U.S. government isn't the only group that is likely making use of such tools, especially considering that they were shared so loosely and have now been made public.
As Kevin Bankston, the director of the New America Foundation's Open Technology Institute, told Wired:
“If the CIA can use it, so can the Russians, or the Chinese or organized crime. The lesson here, first off, is that stockpiling a bunch of vulnerabilities is bad for cybersecurity. And two, it means they're likely going to get leaked by someone.”
With leakers currently plaguing the CIA and other parts of the U.S. government, it seems the CIA's quest to become all-powerful in cyberspace has ultimately had the consequence of weakening cybersecurity and privacy for everyone – including themselves.
THE GOVERNMENT WILL give a state funeral to one of the men who was executed following the 1916 Easter Rising after DNA tests confirmed the identity of Thomas Kent.
Kent was an Irish nationalist who was one of 16 men executed by authorities in the wake of the failed uprising which will be extensively commemorated next year.
Often referred to as the “forgotten patriot” he was one of only two men executed outside of Dublin, the other being Roger Casement who was hanged in London. Kent also lends his name to Cork City's train station.
The state funeral will take place in Castlelyons, north Cork on Friday 18 September after Kent's family accepted an offer from Taoiseach Enda Kenny.
This resulted in remains being exhumed and undergoing extensive DNA analysis in order to confirm they were those of Thomas Kent.
“Thomas Kent was one of many young men who, in pursuit of the goal of Irish freedom, paid the ultimate sacrifice,” Kenny said in a statement today.
Kent and his brothers were among the nationalists who stayed at home after the Irish Volunteers leader Eoin MacNeill infamously countermanded orders to stage a Rising on Easter Sunday 1916 before it eventually went ahead on the Monday.
The Royal Irish Constabulary was dispatched to arrest Rising sympathisers and raided the Kent family home on 2 May 1916.
Despite fierce resistance from the family Thomas and his brother Willian were arrested while another brother, Richard, was wounded trying to escape and died shortly after.
Death sentence
Thomas and William were tried by courts-martial at Cork Detention Barracks. While William was acquitted Thomas, who was not married, was sentenced to death and was executed on 9 May 1916. He was 51.
His remains were buried on the grounds of Cork Prison where they were exhumed in June of this year as part of a project undertaken by the National Monuments Service, with assistance from the Irish Prison Service and the State Pathologist's Office.
Given the passage of time and the lack of formal records, DNA testing was needed to confirm his the identity of the remains with the complex process involving the State Pathologist's Office, the National Forensic Coordination Office at the Garda Technical Bureau, Forensic Science Ireland and the UCD Science Faculty.
The Taoiseach added that the funeral “will ensure that Thomas Kent is never again described as a forgotten leader of 1916″.
Most importantly from his family's viewpoint however, his re-interment will ensure that he will finally be at rest with his brothers and other family members in Castlelyons.
Local Labour TD and junior minister Sean Sherlock said the holding of a state funeral is a fitting tribute to Kent's sacrifice.
“Thomas Kent has a special place in the hearts and minds of all those from Castlyons and Cork and this is very welcome news for his family and all those who work to keep the Kent legacy alive locally,” he said.
In vSphere 5.5 the command line interface esxcli has 3 new namespaces. The esxcli is a complete set of commands that you can use for troubleshooting, configuration or kickstart files. I have created and printed a mindmap to navigate through the namespaces more quickly. This post covers only basic namespaces, available on all ESXi 5.5 hosts. If you've installed additional software you might see more namespaces. I've also created a Mindmap for ESXi 5.1 some time ago.
ESXCLI in version 5.5 has 13 namespaces:
Available Namespaces: device Device manager commands esxcli Commands that operate on the esxcli system itself allowing users to get additional information. fcoe VMware FCOE commands. graphics VMware graphics commands. hardware VMKernel hardware properties and commands for configuring hardware. iscsi VMware iSCSI commands. network Operations that pertain to the maintenance of networking on an ESX host. This includes a wide variety of commands to manipulate virtual networking components (vswitch, portgroup, etc) as well as local host IP, DNS and general host networking settings. sched VMKernel system properties and commands for configuring scheduling related functionality. software Manage the ESXi software image and packages storage VMware storage commands. system VMKernel system properties and commands for configuring properties of the kernel core system. vm A small number of operations that allow a user to Control Virtual Machine operations. vsan VMware VSAN commands.
DEVICE (New in vSphere 5.5)
The device namespace decrypts hardware information from device aliases (vmnic/vmhba).
ESXCLI
The esxcli namespace can be used to list all available namespaces and commands. I've used this command to get the list, export it to a CSV file to create this mindmaps.
FCOE
The fcoe namespace has Fibre Channel over Ethernet discovery and adapter listing capabilities.
GRAPHICS (New in vSphere 5.5)
The graphics adapter manages hardware-accelerated 3D graphics for virtual machines.
HARDWARE
The hardware namespace can be used to gather information about the physical hardware.
ISCSI
The iscsi namespace can be used to configure iscsi adapters. This can be really helpful in kickstart scripts, to configure shared storage arrays.
NETWORK
The network namespace is the most powerful namespace. You can configure local vSwitches and Distributed Virtual Switches (dvSwitch). You can also manage the local IP address and firewall configuration. This is a must-have in your automated ESXi installation workflow.
SCHED
This sched namespace manages VMKernel scheduling functions.
SOFTWARE
The software namespace can be used to install updates and additional packages. It also allows you to set the software acceptance level to use vib packages created by the community.
STORAGE
The storage namespace has a lot of use cases. You can configure lun masking, mount nfs shares, manage vmfs filesystems and investigate the path configuration.
SYSTEM
Any ESXi host related configuration tasks can be performed with the system namespace.
VM
The vm namespace is useful during troubleshooting. It can be used to forcibly kill virtual machines that are stuck and not responding to normal stop operations.
VSAN (New in vSphere 5.5)
The vsan namespace manages the Virtual SAN feature, introduced with vSphere 5.5.
All together
This is a complete mindmap of all esxcli commands. It's quite large, but if you print it to A4 or letter, you can still read it.
I don't really know how to start this other than by repeating the title of this post – Motorola, what the hell is going on with you? I ask, because the current Motorola is so far removed from the revived Motorola we had really become to enjoy again over the last couple of years. Sure, that lovable Motorola was created in part by Google and the team of executives they put in place to run it and we now have new ownership in Lenovo, but who would have thought that things would have gotten this ugly this quickly under the China electronics giant.
So much for software updates.
If we rewind a bit back to 2013 and the introduction of the original Moto X, I think it's safe to say that most in the tech industry understood what Motorola was doing and loved it. They were taking Google's vision for Android, keeping it, and then adding highly useful features on top instead of bloating the experience up with a custom skin. But not only that, they were talking quick software updates because they were ready to work with carriers and Google to make them happen. And that did happen. The original Moto X on Verizon received the update to Kit Kat before most Nexus phones. It was an insane success that needed a close relationship with Verizon, a notoriously slow updater, in order to succeed. From there, the software updates continued to flow through carrier and unlocked models in rapid fashion. Today, it's about as far to the opposite as one can even attempt to imagine.
Before we get to the current disaster of a situation, we should point out that the update frequency and timeliness started dropping off last year, just as the acquisition of the company by Lenovo was finalized. As you know, Lollipop was last year's big update and let's just say that Motorola getting its phones updated properly to it was nothing short of a mess. They came out swinging initially with an early update to their new Moto X (2nd Gen) “Pure Edition” before realizing that Google had actually released a pretty spotty and buggy version of Android. Once that realization came through, in came the delays for months and months and months, even though Google had issued stable fixes. Motorola was able to slowly update its 2014 Moto X, but its 2013 Moto X, Moto G and E models, and DROID Turbo were essentially left as 2nd class citizens, especially those on Verizon. Computerworld does a great job at tracking software updates by manufacturers and gave Motorola a “D” score this year after putting up an “A+” the previous year. In case you were wondering, that “D” is the lowest of any major manufacturer.
Fast forward to today and things are only worse. Motorola took a minute shortly after Google announced Android 6.0 Marshmallow to share the devices they planned to update to the new build. They said not to expect ultra-fast updates, and that's fine after last year's Lollipop mess. But the fact that they left out the carrier versions of last year's Moto X (2nd gen), a flagship phone barely a year old, and the last two Moto E phones, left a whole bunch of Motorola fans disappointed, angry, and ready to leave the Chicago-based manufacturer behind for good. You should see Motorola's forums.
So we have gone from updating phones at record paces to phones around a year old, some that are flagship-level phones, being cut off by Motorola. To make matters even worse, at least from our perspective, is the fact that their press teams won't even respond to comment on the situation. We have reached out twice now and are left with silence. So outside of a note from a Motorola forums manager about the carrier (Verizon and AT&T) Moto X (2nd gen) phones not getting updated, we have no other confirmation and no official answers to even share with you.
Shipping issues.
It's not only the software update situation that is troubling, though. Our inbox, since the Moto 360 (2nd gen) and Moto X Pure Edition went up for pre-order, is filled with emails about delays in orders and shipments, and about attempts at cancellations. And the thing is, we experienced most of the issues that our readers continuously tip us about.
For example, two out of the three orders that have shipped to us (Both Moto 360 and Moto X Pure) from China had issues when they arrived stateside, often seeing 1-2 day importing delays. The reason, which many of our readers are seeing as well (or go look at Motorola's forums for more examples), has to do with a value discrepancy in the packages Motorola is shipping. While I'm no shipping expert, that seems like a pretty bonehead error to continually have over and over from a company this large, who is preaching the value in custom made phones out of China.
But we are also seeing delays in phones and watches being put together before they ship. We previously ordered a Moto X Pure Edition for Tim that took just over a week to be assembled, ship, and arrive on his doorstep. Unfortunately, it had a volume rocker issue and had to be sent back. We re-ordered him a new one the same day we shipped the bad phone back. That was September 30. His new order, which was for the exact same phone with the same design, still isn't here. Motorola has been assembling it since October 1 and has estimated since then that it would arrive to his house by October 16 – tomorrow. It hasn't even shipped and it's October 15.
Why the delays and shipping issues? Tough to say. Maybe it's because Motorola and Lenovo are still working out the kinks through China fulfillment. Either way, we are far removed that 2013 promise of 4 days or less.
What's next?
That's anyone's guess. In a recent interview with The Information, Rick Osterloh, current chief of Motorola, said they will start to focus on improving hardware aspects of their phones, like cameras, while continuing to make them affordable. That's fine and all, because Motorola still does make pretty outstanding products, but that's not going to do much if they ruin all of the relationships they have with current customers. Good products only get you so far. You still need to have teams in place to support them post-sale and I just don't feel like Motorola has that at this time. There have been massive layoffs since Lenovo took over, which has to leave you wondering if they even have enough bodies to keep up.
Motorola needs to say something. They need to break this silence and maybe even make some promises to get things back on track. The current situation isn't great in terms of both shipments and software updates, just read through our comment threads on every Motorola post. It's too bad too, because new DROID phones are coming in two weeks, both of which will likely be solid phones, but how could you even consider buying them after this year's DROID Turbo update fiasco and the cut-off of the year-old Moto X (2nd gen)?
So again, Motorola, what the hell is going on with you?
😐
Jonathan Pollock, a freshman linebacker who participated in spring camp after graduating early from his Orlando, Fla., high school, is transferring from the Rutgers football program, his father, Al, confirmed after multiple media outlets reported the transfer Thursday afternoon.
"He's literally on a 6 o'clock flight out there tonight,'' Al Pollock said.
A 5-foot-11, 222-pound linebacker, Pollock first committed to former Rutgers coach Kyle Flood in October 2014 and stayed true to his commitment for more than a year as approximately a dozen other schools offered scholarships.
Honored to be the 1st player that Coach Ash visited. Can't wait to play for him. Ready to go now #AshEra #CHOPNation pic.twitter.com/6ECZouk9df -- Jonathan Pollock (@kingpollock) December 9, 2015
Pollock, who reaffirmed his pledge two days after Chris Ash was hired as the Scarlet Knights coach in December during an in-home visit with Ash, was considered a pied piper of the 2016 recruiting class, helping convince some of his peers to stay committed amid the coaching turnover.
"Coach Ash has definitely called me up on many occasions and said, 'Hey, we really want this guy, we really want this guy, we really want this guy: Go get 'em.' '' Pollock told NJ Advance Media prior to enrolling last January. "And that's what I'm doing."
In the same report, Pollock discussed his goal of winning "a national championship'' at Rutgers.
"I never had second thoughts about Rutgers," said Pollock, whose steadfast commitment made him a fan favorite during the recruiting process. "It's a great education, great conference, great football. Just being around there, you can tell it's a football school. They want to win, the fans have been hungry for it for years and I think that this class is going to bring something that a lot of classes haven't.''
A consensus three-star recruit who was rated as the No. 61 linebacker nationally by Scout.com and the 89th-best linebacker prospect by ESPN, Pollock will explore options both on the FBS and FCS levels and is expected to pick his next destination within the next two weeks, his father said.
"He loves Rutgers,'' Al Pollock said. "He loves Chris. He loves his teammates. He's going to miss them. He was committed there for a year and a half and he loved his time there. It just didn't work out.''
Pollock is the fifth player to transfer since coach Ash was hired in December, following freshman defensive end Marques Ford, freshman tight end Anthony Folkerts senior safety Davon Jacobs and junior tight end Charles Scarff.
The website ScarletNation.com was the first to report Pollock's transfer Thursday afternoon.
Keith Sargeant may be reached at ksargeant@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @KSargeantNJ. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
The nation's largest nurses union is among those condemning the Salt Lake City police department after a video released Friday showed an officer physically assaulting and then arresting a nurse who refused to take a blood sample from an unconscious patient.
While attempting to force registered nurse Alex Wubbels to draw the sample without the appropriate warrant or authority, Detective Jeff Payne became infuriated when Wubbels' supervisor defended her refusal. Payne lunged at the nurse and tried to arrest her while she screamed for help and her shocked colleagues protested.
Watch:
Payne reportedly wanted a sample from a car accident victim, but without a warrant—which he matter-of-factly told Wubbels he did not have—both hospital policy and state law forbid it.
In a statement, NNU called the officer's actions "outrageous."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"The first job of a registered nurse is always to protect and advocate for her patient, period," said Jean Ross, the group's co-president. "As the videos and news accounts make clear, there is no excuse for this assault, or her arrest, which sends a chilling message about the safety of nurses and the rights of patients...It is particularly disgraceful to see violence in a hospital perpetrated by a law enforcement officer against a registered nurse who is advocating for her patient."
NNU's executive director, RoseAnn DeMoro, tweeted about the incident as well:
My favorite line in this story: “you're making a huge mistake because you're threatening a nurse.” https://t.co/A4B5tGDKve — RoseAnn DeMoro (@RoseAnnDeMoro) September 1, 2017
The incident took place July 26. Payne has been suspended from the department's operations involving blood draws, but is still on active duty.
The internet has created many problems in its young life – making various industries obsolete, enabling new forms of surveillance and control, exposing good, well-meaning people to crazy, vituperative trolls. But my internet problem is the surfeit of opportunity.
If there's one thing the network does brilliantly, it's reducing coordination costs. The two best examples, of course, are the GNU/Linux operating system and Wikipedia. Whether you use these or not, whether you believe them to be of high or low quality, it's impossible to imagine how decentralised collectives could produce either an operating system or an encyclopedia without the internet.
(I like to daydream fleets of Analogue Wikipedia lorries racing around the world with filing cabinets representing the day's edits, then racing back to the enormous Wikipedia Central Printing Office to retrieve a new load to deliver.)
When I began writing, I imagined that the central problem of my working life would be figuring out which books to write, and how to produce the best books I could. These problems decompose into a lot of smaller problems: which books and music and movies should I consume to inspire my work? Which experts and artists should I seek out and converse with in order to improve my work?
Once upon a time, the questions of which books, music, experts and experiences you should try were largely answered by circumstance. Which books to read? Which ones can you afford, which ones are on the library's shelf, which ones are in the shop, which ones can you discover? The pool of experts was limited to people who lived nearby or those to whom your immediate circle could introduce you. Half the problem was solved by default – the cost of seeking out a very rare book almost always exceeded the value you'd get from reading it.
My internet problem is the one so many of us struggle with: how do you choose when the constraints of geography, income and circumstance disappear? What goes in a playlist when all the music ever recorded is one click away? Which experts' thought processes should you tap into when tens of millions of them are on Twitter? How do you choose a book from the millions that you can discover with a Google Books search?
But as hard as it is to navigate the infinite universe of potential input, deciding what to do with all that information is even harder.
For example, last week I became a book publisher. I'd reached the point where I had enough short fiction for another reprint collection. I'd done two before with small, reputable New York houses, and they had sold well. But, having looked around at the tools for publishing – print-on-demand presses like Lulu.com, automated ebook workflow tools like SiSu, and tools for publicising work like Twitter and blogs – I decided I could readily produce a collection myself with comparable reach and even more income.
I decided that I'd give the ebooks away (as I've done with my other books); sell a variety of paperbacks with different covers (the net made it easy to tap artist friends for cover designs and work with them over long distances); and do 250 super-limited, hand-sewn hardcovers with all sorts of premium stuff – an SD card set into the cover with the audiobook and full text and unique endpapers made of original sentimental paper ephemera donated by dozens of writer friends from all over the world. The audiobook was read by voice-actor pals in three countries, and mastered by a talented engineer in Washington I've worked with before (I'm giving away the electronic version of this and selling the CDs on Lulu.com). There's lots of exciting stuff to be done with print-on-demand publishing – for example, if you find a typo and send it to me, I'll correct it straightaway and give you a footnote on the page, so you can buy a copy with your name in it (I jokingly call this "monetising the typo").
Here's where the choice problem begins to manifest itself in earnest.
There's so much that you can do to elaborate on a project of this nature: limited edition covers, pricing experimentation, novel forms of audio distribution … While this sort of thing was once constrained by the inherent capital costs of trying them, no such costs obtain today: all of these things can be done for "free", costing only the time spent in trying them out.
So much of our sensibilities are honed by evaluating the cash outlay for various courses of action – it's hard to tamp down the elation at discovering that some formerly expensive action now can be had merely for the time it takes to seize on the opportunity.
I'm not sorry I decided to become a publisher. For one thing, it's been incredibly lucrative thus far: I've made more in two days' worth of the experiment than I made off both of my previous short story collections' entire commercial lives (full profit/loss statements will appear as monthly appendices in the book). And I'm learning things about readers' relationship to writers in the 21st century.
But more than ever, I'm realising that the old problem of overcoming constraints to action has been replaced by the new problem of deciding what to do when the constraints fall away. The former world demanded relentless fixity of purpose and quick-handed snatching at opportunity; the new world demands the kind of self-knowledge that comes from quiet, mindful introspection.
An abundance of opportunity is a funny kind of problem to wrestle with, but it is a problem – and a hard one, since abundance manifests itself as noise that must be ignored in order to stop reacting and start introspecting.
But don't get me wrong: I'll take the "too many great possibilities" problem over the scrabble for opportunity any day.
Daniel Sturridge's famed goal celebration has crossed continents as it was saluted in South Africa's Soweto derby.
The showdown between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs is one of the biggest in world football, with the country going into overdrive whenever the arch rivals clash.
On Saturday afternoon, 78,000-plus supporters in attendance at FNB Stadium, and millions more watching at home, were treated to a foreign dance routine in the 10th minute.
Pirates striker Kermit Erasmus volleyed home a brilliant ball into the box from left-back Thabo Matlaba to put Bucs 1-0 ahead. The forward then proceeded to the corner flag with his teammates and led them into a well-known dance routine in England, but one that's never been seen on a pitch in South Africa before.
"I've seen Daniel Sturridge doing his dance at Chelsea, and I've been watching him do it a lot now at Liverpool since he's scoring basically every game," Erasmus told Liverpoolfc.com.
"I've also been watching videos of him do it, and even saw the clip of him getting out of a car and doing his dance with a fan. Then on his Instagram, there's a painting of him with the slogan 'Do the Sturridge.'
"As soon as we got into camp for the derby, I told the guys we're going to 'Do the Sturridge' if I scored."
Daine Klate, who is South Africa's most successful domestic footballer and is Erasmus' roommate, revealed the attacker was obsessed about getting the moves right.
"He practised for hours," said Klate. "All of Friday night, and even on Saturday morning before the game, he was perfecting the moves.
"He was singing to all the guys 'Do the Sturridge, let's do the Sturridge' on repeat. So I'm happy he scored and he got the chance to do it, he deserved it after all the effort he put in."
Erasmus admitted that he spent plenty of time making sure he was 'riding the wave' almost as good as the Premier League's top goalscorer can.
"I practised for hours, then would watch his videos again to see how I could improve. It's a fun celebration, and I respect the way Sturridge is playing, so it was just my way of saluting him," said the Pirates goal-getter.
"After I scored, I asked my teammates just to give me a little space to do the dance, and some of them who were brave enough joined in."
Will Erasmus be 'Doing the Sturridge' often? "Yes, that's going to be my celebration now as well. I hope he doesn't mind that I'm sharing it with him, but it's just an admiration thing."
Is there a dance-off between Sturridge and the South African on the cards? "No way - he would embarrass me! He's got the moves down and he's agile and flexible, I'm too stiff to take him on. Plus it's his dance, so he'll know how to rock it much better than I ever could. I just hope he thinks I at least did a half-decent job."
Sturridge got the chance to showcase his own dance skills again on the same day after netting a glorious chip in the 4-1 win over West Brom. He was in disbelief after finding out that Erasmus had replicated his celebration in South Africa's premier clash and admitted he felt humbled and blessed.
The Pirates frontman is hoping to have several more clips of Sturridge in his element. "I really want him to continue this great form he is in. He's scoring a goal a game, which is incredible. And the more he scores, the more videos I get to watch so I can perfect my moves," he concluded.
Everything is toxic and everything is going to give you cancer.
I mean basically everything, right? At least, according to my facebook feed. I don't know how this happens, really. Is it a personal failing? Am I not spreading enough science around to counteract this stuff? Is running a blog not enough? [why yes, that is an ironic tone of voice I was using] I can't say. But I can say this: I don't think you're likely to get cancer from your dryer sheets.
Want to know something else? I think — and for friends of mine, they'll know how insane this is for me to type — ALEC is right on this one (or would be if they said it): It's ‘junk science.' But for the sake of narrative, let me start again.
***
So the above image macro popped up in my facebook feed this week, with its claim (written over a concerned-looking baby, as all reason-based health advice tends to be) that “fabric softener is the #1 cause of indoor air pollution. Whenever you smell that ‘laundry smell,' you are inhaling toxic VOC's.”
Like any reasonable person, then, I did a little digging. Because surely — surely — if dryer sheets were spreading about toxic compounds there'd be someone talking about it.
I stumbled upon a whole lot of woo, and a couple of links that might've been somewhat credible. Someone over at Daily Kos, a site with an admittedly leftist bent (that I usually approve of) even tried to use a study on dryer sheets as a stick to beat noted right-wing, money-and-power-for-the-moneyed-and-powerful group ALEC (the American Legislative Exchange Council) over the head with. Not having a degree in any kind of science (not even library science, sorry guys) I'm usually quite sympathetic to the fight against people telling me I can't understand the science behind something. But when the author at Daily Kos writes “but then to ALEC, I'm an ignorant average citizen unable to evaluate the reliability of ‘junk science',” I'm forced to agree.
In this case, you couldn't.
All the woo (and all the dubious science) stems back to one person, a Dr. Anne Steinemann, “professor of civil and environmental engineering and public affairs at the University of Washington.” Her mode of operation seems to be quite simple: find something smelly, determine that it gives off chemicals, “???”, and… profit? (I don't know if she actually profits or what). The dryer sheets thing seems to stem from a study she performed in 2011, so I'll focus on that, but most of the things I've come across have seemed pretty weak, even to someone like myself.
The study, performed in 2011 (but published in the March 2013 issue of Air Quality, Atmosphere and Health, it seems), can be found here, but it's behind a paywall, so I'll do a little description.
Steinemann, et al., went to two volunteers' homes and used their washers and dryers for the test. The washers were different, with one being a top-loader, and one a side-loader. Both washers and dryers had previously been used to wash and dry clothes treated with “fragranced products,” though one more than the other. The “dye-free 100% organic cotton” towels were all the same brand, and brand new, aside from being rinsed and dried off-site in a completely separate washer and dryer. They cleaned the washer and dryer each with white vinegar and paper towels and then ran them empty to set up the test.
The testing was done at four points: first, they took 2g samples of their detergent and dryer sheets, both “fragranced,” stuck them in bottles, and left them overnight to get samples of that air; second, they took air samples from the dryer vents fifteen minutes into the dryer cycles with a) the towels washed in just water, b) the towels washed in detergent, and c) the towels washed in detergent and dried with dryer sheets. Then they had those samples analyzed for their contents.
Are you seeing the problems yet?
As for the data, well, it's not a much better story. I'll put down just the two compounds which everyone seems to single out, acetaldehyde and benzene, because, as the study says, these two “are classified as carcinogenic” and have “no safe exposure level.” “1” and “2” are the sites, and “a”, “b”, and “c” are just the towels, detergent, and detergent and dryer sheet, respectively, in micrograms per cubic metre (μg/m³).
Compound 1a 1b 1c 2a 2b 2c Acetaldehyde ?? 36 22 41 47 36 Benzene ?? ?? ?? 2.7 ?? 2.2
Those question marks are just blank spaces in their data table. The compounds found in the “leave it overnight” selection were only listed for presence or absence (not in actual amounts) and found a) no benzene in either sample, and b) acetaldehyde present in the air from around the dryer sheet.
The things wrong with this study are just legion. Let's just assume for a moment that we can forgive the fact that these are residential washing machines with unexplained histories, because that's actually the least crazy thing about this study (if you can believe it). There are no controls: why didn't they use two types of towel? Or three? Why didn't they test the offgassing of the towels overnight? Why didn't they test the dryer air with an empty dryer? Why didn't they run the experiment with the towels after multiple subsequent washes to see if it's an artifact of new towels? Why didn't they try two kinds of detergent? Why didn't they try two kinds of dryer sheet?
To claim this study isn't “rigorous” isn't enough; this study's methodology is laughably poor.
And then there are the data: why does the just-towels run at site 1 produce neither of the chemicals, when the same test at site 2 produces 41 μg/m³ and 2.7 μg/m³ respectively? Why is no benzene detected in site 1 at all, and why is there none detected in the detergent-only run at site 2? How can we believe any of the data when the data are so inconsistent? How can we attribute any of the measurements — if we do assume those taken are correct and those missing would line up with the others — to the dryer sheets? And even if we DO: the dryer sheets seem to lower the amount of acetaldehyde and benzene in the samples!
Between the godawful experimental design and the resulting lacking data, this study tells us essentially nothing of any value whatsoever, except maybe what we probably already knew: don't push your face up to the dryer vent when it's running and take a lot of deep breaths. Or at least don't do it on a regular basis, and even then it might not have any major effect on your health.
The craziest part of it is that you don't need to even know that she associates with people like Joseph Mercola or that her top ten Google hits are for her personal website (and tribute to the 1990s internet) “drsteinemann.com.” You don't even need to read a crazy bit of prose like this:
“Although the authors did not seek to assess whether use of any of the products studied would be associated with any risk, Steinemann says she receives hundreds of letters, phone calls, and e-mails from people who report a variety of respiratory, dermatological, and neurological problems they attribute to scented products: “Children have seizures after exposure to dryer sheets, and adults pass out around air fresheners,” she says.”
All you have to do is look at the study and you'll know there's only one way to describe it.
Junk science.
***
Richard Ford Burley is a doctoral candidate in English at Boston College, where he's writing about remix culture and the processes that generate texts in the Middle Ages and on the internet. In his spare time he writes about science and skepticism here at This Week In Tomorrow.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Quentin Sommerville reports a town recently freed from control by so-called Islamic State in northern Syria
An aid convoy has reached a besieged suburb of the Syrian capital Damascus, as the UN takes advantage of a partial truce brokered by the US and Russia.
The UN and its partners are stepping up deliveries of food, water and medicine, and plan to reach more than 150,000 people over the next five days.
They hope to help 1.7 million in hard-to-reach areas by the end of March.
Earlier, the UN's secretary general said the cessation of hostilities had held "by and large" since Saturday.
Ban Ki-moon also said a taskforce monitoring compliance, co-chaired by the US and Russia, would meet for the first time to evaluate alleged violations.
France has expressed concern about reports of air strikes by Syrian government and Russian aircraft on areas controlled by mainstream rebel forces.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A Free Syria Army fighter rests in al-Tamorah, in the north of Aleppo province, on Sunday
Image copyright Reuters Image caption People work to fix a damaged shop in Darat Izza, Aleppo province, on Sunday
Russia has said that it is only targeting UN-designated jihadist terrorist organisations - including the so-called Islamic State (IS) and the al-Nusra Front, which is part of a major rebel alliance - in line with the terms of the cessation of hostilities.
Meanwhile US Defence Secretary Ashton Carter stressed that the US-led coalition would also continue to fight IS during the truce.
"Let me make it crystal clear," he told a news conference in Washington. "There is no cessation of hostilities in the counter-ISIL [IS] campaign. Operations continue unabated."
'Sealed off'
The relative calm on the ground around the capital Damascus allowed 20 aid lorries carrying blankets and hygiene supplies to enter the besieged rebel-held suburb of Muadhamiya on Monday afternoon, Syrian Arab Red Crescent officials said.
"The mission is ongoing to deliver another 21 trucks by midnight," said Muhannad al-Assadi of the Red Crescent.
He said he had seen a change in the residents of Damascus since aid deliveries started.
"They told me they are very pleased with the items we're delivering to them. I saw women walking in the street, children playing in the street, a lot of children coming out of their schools with their teachers. I saw children eat. They're getting well because they are eating. Yes I saw some difference," he said.
On Wednesday, the UN and its partners plan to deliver aid to the rebel-held towns of Madaya and Zabadani, in the mountains north-west of Damascus, and the government-controlled towns of Foah and Kefraya, in the northern province of Idlib.
Against the odds - by Mark Lowen, BBC News, Gaziantep, near the Turkey/Syria border
Image copyright AFP Image caption A Syrian rebel fighter from the Failaq al-Rahman brigade rests inside a building in the Ghouta region near Damascus
This is now a crucial window of opportunity for the UN to get food and aid to the besieged. The truce has, in general, remained intact despite both the Western-backed opposition and regime sides complaining of dozens of violations over the weekend, including air strikes around Aleppo.
But it is unclear whether the target was the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra front, which would not constitute a ceasefire breach since it and the so-called Islamic State are not included in the deal.
A rebel spokesman talked of violations "here and there" but also of a situation much better than before. Moscow also complained of incidents but said on the whole, the ceasefire was being implemented.
That it has largely held for the weekend has defied expectations but there is still a lot of scepticism that it can continue for the full two weeks.
They are also expected to attempt another air-drop over the eastern city of Deir al-Zour, where 200,000 people in government-held areas are under siege by IS.
High winds and parachute failures meant that pallets carrying 21 tonnes of food dropped last week either missed their target, went missing or were damaged.
The UN says more than 450,000 Syrians are trapped in 15 besieged towns and villages, while 4.1 million others are living in hard-to-reach areas.
The UN's secretary general meanwhile told reporters in Geneva that "by and large the cessation of hostilities is holding, even though we have experienced some incidents".
The taskforce monitoring the truce is "now trying to make sure that this does not spread any further and that this cessation of hostilities can continue", he added.
Image copyright AP Image caption A boy plays football on a Damascus rooftop on Sunday
Image copyright EPA Image caption Children play in the rebel-held Tishreen district of Damascus
Mr Ban also confirmed receiving a letter from the main opposition umbrella group, the High Negotiations Committee (HNC), in which it urged the UN to help "specify the territory covered by the truce to prevent hostilities in the designated inclusion zones".
The HNC's general co-ordinator, Riad Hijab, wrote that since Saturday there had been seven barrel-bomb attacks, 24 cases of artillery shelling and five cases of ground attacks by government forces, resulting in a large number of civilian deaths. Russian warplanes had meanwhile carried out 26 air strikes on territory held by rebel forces abiding by the truce on Sunday alone, he added.
Mr Hijab warned that continued violations would jeopardise the resumption of UN-brokered talks aimed at finding a political solution to the five-year conflict.
State media said armed groups had fired dozens of mortar rounds at government forces in Latakia province on Sunday, though rebels in the area denied the reports.
Syria's civil war
Why is there a war in Syria?
Anti-government protests developed into a civil war that, four years on, has ground to a stalemate, with the Assad government, Islamic State, an array of Syrian rebels and Kurdish fighters all holding territory.
What's the human cost?
More than 250,000 Syrians have been killed and a million injured. Some 11 million others have been forced from their homes, of whom four million have fled abroad - including growing numbers who are making the dangerous journey to Europe.
How has the world reacted?
Iran, Russia and Lebanon's Hezbollah movement are supporting the Alawite-led Assad government, while Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar back the more moderate Sunni-dominated opposition, along with the US, UK and France. Hezbollah and Iran have pro-Assad forces on the ground, while Russia and a Western-led coalition are carrying out air strikes.
Syria's civil war explained
Before he danced with wolves, Academy Award winning actor/director Kevin Costner made a never-before-seen movie that's being released today after nearly 25 years in a vault: Bad Day, directed by the award-winning rock video director Modi Frank and photographed by punk rock queen, singer, poet and visual artist Exene Cervenka, co-founder of the seminal band X. The duo are releasing the cowboy-themed short as a digital downloaded for a “you decide” amount. A portion of the proceeds will benefit Gulf charities providing aid to both people and the environment. Exene and Modi said:
We are both so proud of Kevin and grateful for all he's doing to help in the Gulf.
Costner has spent $25 million dollars over the last decade to develop centrifuge clean-up machinery which can mitigate the damage from oil spills. BP bought 32 of the machines marketed by Ocean Therapy Solutions. The centrifuges, which can clean 6 million gallons of oily water a day, separating the oil from water by spinning, will be ready to be deployed by the first week of August, according to John Houghtaling, Costner's chief partner in the project . The salt water can be returned to the ocean and the oil can be used by industry. [cont'd.]
Bad Day–the legendary but unseen until now 20-minute silent film, co-written by Exene and Modi, with a soundtrack by Dave Alvin and DJ Bonebrake–also stars John Doe, Chris (Chris D) Desjardins from the Flesheaters and the Divine Horsemen, and Julie Christensen of Stone Cupid who has also collaborated with Leonard Cohen, artist-photographer Peter Haskell, and Los Angeles poet Doug Knott.
Bad Day is also a collaboration of formats–punk rock and two-reel Western silents, black and white film stock meeting the Internet at a time when digital is the format du jour. The advent of downloading videos provided the perfect format to release Bad Day, allowing this moment of artistic collaboration to reach its target audience. Says Exene:
Credit: Image Comics
Updated October 20, 2015 at 5:38 pm. ET: Since the original story, Kot has spoken more about his decision to cancel Material in a email newsletter.
Material is cancelled. It's no-one's fault.
The facts are simple: the current comics marketplace, and the current comics business, do not support the type of work I predominantly want to create, nor do they support the type of ethical conduct I want to perpetuate. Nor do they pay enough.
In the months following the now-famous-and-infamous interview I gave Abraham Riesman at the Vulture, I sensed a final rising of a long-gestating tidal wave. I don't have a good explanation of what the wave is; I merely know it exists. I know I am moving into a new way of being, and some days, I can see the other shore.
Material might continue next year. The format would change. One graphic novel per year. See if it works. If it does, we might do more. If it doesn't...well, I refuse to not use the already-made-and-excellent covers by Tom Muller, so we at least have to do the 2016 version.
Original Story: Writer Ales Kot has announced via Twitter that he has abruptly cancelled his Image Comics' series Material with artist Will Tempest. Launched in May, a collection of the first four issues came out in September. Material #5 was scheduled for release October 28, with two more for November and December, but Kot said those are cancelled.
Also yes, Material is cancelled with #4. I killed my dream and drank its blood — Ales Kot (@ales_kot) October 14, 2015
Kot later states that it's possible the series could return in graphic novel format in 2016, and that he would talk more about the decision to cancel the single issues at a later date.
According to Diamond's sales figures, Material wasn't a high-selling title for Image, with the third and fourth issues dropping outside the Top 300 titles being sold by American comic book shops.
Kot declined to comment to Newsarama. Image has not responded to our request to comment.
France's far-right National Front party looked set to use the Paris attack on a satirical magazine to further its anti-immigrant agenda, with one member suggesting that Islam has a “tendency to create fanatics.”
The comment comes as political analysts and Muslim community leaders predict that right-wing politicians will use the attack on Charlie Hebdo, a satirical weekly that has lampooned Islam and other religions, to stoke popular fears against French Muslims.
“Islam is a difficult religion, because it confuses civil and religious law. It doesn't recognize the French principle of secular government,” Wallerand de Saint-Just, the National Front's national treasurer told Al Jazeera before a press conference by the party's leader, Marine Le Pen.
Marine Le Pen has in recent years attempted to downplay the xenophobic rants of her father, Jean Marie Le Pen, who founded the National Front and has repeatedly denied the Holocaust. But like her father, she has maintained a tough stance on immigration and what she has called the creeping influence of Islam in the French state.
In April 2014, her party saw unprecedented gains in municipal elections, with National Front candidates elected in 11 cities.
“Islam has a tendency to create fanatics more than any other religion. The facts on the ground prove this,” de Saint-Just said. He traveled to the site of the massacre in central Paris hours after the attack, he said, and witnesses told him “the attackers spoke perfect French like French citizens.”
“Therefore, we know it was facilitated by the very present, real danger of terrorists in France.” The fact that the attackers may have had French citizenship means “it's very difficult to get these people. If these people have French nationality, we can arrest them, but we can't expel them. They get out and conduct another attack. This is a dangerous cycle of terrorism.”
De Saint-Just called for maximum penalties for the perpetrators of Wednesday's attack.
The Parti des Indigènes de la République (PIR), which advocates for the interests of French people of color, including those from France's predominantly Muslim former colonies in Africa and elsewhere, condemned Wednesday's attack and comments like de Saint-Just's.
“We denounce the attack and the instrumentalization of the attack” by “the jackals that want to use this incident to start a witch hunt against Muslims,” said Youssef Boussoumah, a PIR organizer and Muslim community leader.
He said the incident was an attack on French Muslims as well as French non-Muslims. “This enables people who attack Muslims,” he said.
Analysts appeared to agree with Boussoumah that, given mounting Islamophobia and xenophobia, the French Muslim community could face a barrage of nationalist conservatives aiming to stoke animosity.
Alain Gresh, the editor of French monthly newspaper Le Monde Diplomatique and a noted commentator on Middle Eastern affairs, told Al Jazeera that Wednesday's attack occurred in a “climate of Islamophobia very present in France,” adding that the incident “can strengthen Islamophobia and make people see all Muslims as the same — as a threat to our civilization and values.”
That fits squarely into the far-right political platform, he said. “The National Front is changing its general discourse, which was against Jews, [to one] in favor of Jews and Israel and against Muslims,” he said.
Olivier Roy, a professor at the European University Institute in Florence focusing on security issues and Islamist armed groups, echoed Gresh and Boussoumah.
Wednesday's attack “reinforces the extreme right,” Roy said. Some people are calling to ban Islam in France — but not the National Front, which will avoid what are considered incendiary comments, he said, “because they have a shot at the government.”
Nearly seven years after Bernie Madoff's investment empire was revealed to be a $17.5 billion US fraud, the battle by investors to recover their losses ramps up in a case that goes to trial this week in Seattle.
A Washington state investment company is seeking to pin about $100 million of its losses from Madoff's crimes on auditor Ernst & Young.
FutureSelect Portfolio Management of Redmond and some related firms, headed by hedge fund manager Ronald Ward, lost a total of about $129 million in the pyramid scheme. In court papers, the company alleges that Ernst & Young would have uncovered the scheme if it had taken even the most basic steps to verify Madoff's assets — something the auditing firm denies it had any obligation to do.
"This case is about the Madoff fraud and how it got to Washington state and how it's impacting real people in Washington state," said FutureSelect lawyer Steven Thomas. "Because Ernst & Young said the numbers were good, FutureSelect invested. Ernst & Young said over $4.2 billion in assets were real; they were fake."
The logo of Ernst & Young is seen at their headquarters in New York December 20, 2010. In court papers, a Redmond, Wash., company alleges that Ernst & Young would have uncovered Bernie Madoff's pyramid scheme if it had taken even the most basic steps to verify Madoff's assets — something the auditing firm denies it had any obligation to do. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
Madoff revealed his fraud in December 2008 amid a collapsing economy, admitting that account statements showing clients held nearly $68 billion were a sham. The roughly $17.5 billion in principal invested by retirees, charities and other clients over decades was mostly gone — paid out as fake profits or raided by Madoff's family and cronies.
Madoff, now 77, pleaded guilty to fraud charges a few months later and was sentenced to 150 years in prison. A federal trustee based in New York has recovered or made agreements to recover about $11 billion of the lost principal.
FutureSelect invested on behalf of other funds, retirees, a New York church and others, Thomas said. The investments were made in a collection of funds managed by Tremont Partners, which were invested with Madoff. Ernst & Young was the certified public accounting firm that audited Tremont's funds from 2000 to 2003.
FutureSelect sued Tremont, its parent companies, Ernst & Young and Tremont's other auditors in King County Superior Court in Seattle in 2010. The case was initially dismissed, then revived by an appeals court. Washington's Supreme Court denied a bid by the defendants to have the case transferred to New York or to apply New York law, which would not have allowed the lawsuit. Ernst & Young is the only defendant so far heading to trial; most of the others have reached confidential settlement agreements, Thomas said.
Ernst & Young says its role was limited
In a trial brief filed this month, Ernst & Young argued that it had a very limited role: to audit the financial statements for four of the 10 years FutureSelect invested in Madoff's funds. Its audits, for which it was paid $40,000 apiece, were simply to provide "reasonable assurance" that Tremont's financial statements were free of misstatements. Tremont's financial statements said its funds owned securities in Madoff's custody, which Ernst & Young said it confirmed by checking with Madoff.
Ernst & Young said its approach was consistent with that taken by every other auditor of every Madoff-advised fund.
And in contrast with the modest fees it received, the auditing firm said, Ward and Future Select received tens of millions of dollars in management fees.
"Any critical analysis of Madoff's purported strategy would have shown his astonishingly consistent returns were simply too good to be true," Ernst & Young's lawyers wrote. "Whether through wilful blindness or negligence, Mr. Ward's decision to continue investing with Madoff-advised funds (and continue reaping the resulting fees) caused FutureSelect to suffer losses when Madoff revealed his fraud."
Thomas disputed that Ward received tens of millions in fees, but said he did lose more than $10 million of his own money in the fraud.
Jury selection in the case was to start Monday. The trial is scheduled to last about one month.
Thin-credible! Referee Dowd proves players aren't the only ones who work hard in pre-season after debuting slimmed-down figure during friendly
Phil Dowd has astonished his refereeing bosses by losing two stone in two months since the end of last season.
The 50-year-old has undertaken a strict fitness and nutrition regime over the summer that has seen his weight plunge to around 13st.
His physique will startle fans — who have in the past berated the Staffordshire referee over his appearance — when the season kicks off on August 17.
Before and after: Dowd's weight loss is noticeable ahead of the new season
Dowd, who has spent 12 years in the Premier League, has used a rigorous exercise plan, including regular long-distance runs. In training, he is keeping pace with Howard Webb and Anthony Taylor, referees renowned for their athleticism.
The new-look Dowd was seen for the first time during Bolton's friendly defeat to Real Betis on July 26 and supporter Callum Grundy said his new appearance required a ‘triple take'.
‘He is like a different person,' Grundy, 24, told Sportsmail. ‘He looks fitter and more respectable for the weight loss. I definitely think people will be surprised by how much he's lost.
‘His performance was pretty good and he kept up with play without any issues. The topic of his weight loss came up numerous times in conversation between my dad, sister and mates during and after the match.'
In April, Sir Alex Ferguson questioned Dowd's physical condition after he booked five Manchester United players during a 1-1 draw at Arsenal.
Dowd walks away from West Ham's Winston Reid at Old Trafford
Ferguson said: ‘Arsenal set off at a fantastic pace, very aggressive and a lot of tackles. The referee just could not keep up at that point. When we had a foul, he booked us straight away.'
Dowd's physique represents a remarkable turnaround from last year when, in May, he was revealed by Sportsmail to have failed a fitness test undertaken by top-flight referees. He then returned to hit the marks required of him in time for the start of the 2012-13 season.
Booked: Dowd shows Fulham's Dimitar Berbatov a yellow card
There could be no more apt description of Victor Goldbloom's life than the title of his recent book, Building Bridges.
A pediatrician and politician, a Jew who was honoured by the Catholic Church for his efforts to build interfaith dialogue and an anglophone with deep roots in francophone Quebec, Goldbloom was the quintessential Montrealer, Quebecer and Canadian.
He died of a heart attack Monday night at age 92.
Despite his age, Goldbloom was in good health and still active in public life right up until his death.
Graham Fraser, Canada's Commissioner of Official Languages – a post Goldbloom held from 1991-99 – noted that Goldbloom had been scheduled to speak before an upcoming National Assembly committee on the reorganization of Quebec school boards.
“It's rare with somebody at 92 that you have the sense that we are losing someone who is still in total mastery of his powers and still has the capacity to influence anybody who hears him,” Fraser said.
“His commitment, his passion, his eloquence were undiminished,” he added.
Throughout his varied career as cabinet minister, interfaith advocate and language commissioner, respect was Goldbloom's hallmark, Fraser said.
“He was very respectful of everybody that he dealt with, after growing up in a period when there was anti-Semitism in Montreal,” he said.
Goldbloom demonstrated the “pediatrician's skills of listening, of observing and of patience and respect,” he added.
Goldbloom was born in Montreal on July 31, 1923, into a distinguished medical family with a passion for music. He studied medicine at McGill University, following in the footsteps of his father, Alton Goldbloom, a pioneer of modern pediatrics who helped develop the Montreal Children's Hospital.
In 1966, Goldbloom was elected as MNA for D'Arcy McGee. He served in Premier Robert Bourassa's cabinet from 1970 until 1976, when the Parti Québécois came to power.
Fraser, a former journalist, recalled the first time he met Goldbloom in 1976 in a popular Quebec City restaurant frequented by politicians and journalists.
Goldbloom, then Municipal Affairs and the Environment Minister, stopped by his table and, with little prompting, broke into a creditable operatic rendition of O Sole Mio, Fraser said.
At the time, Goldbloom had earned national fame for saving the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, plagued by construction delays, cost overruns and labour conflict.
In his memoir, published last year by McGill-Queens University Press, Goldbloom was characteristically modest about his role, saying all he did was to set up daily meetings where organizers gave progress reports.
But without the timely intervention, the games might not have opened on time, Fraser said.
“Until he did that and managed to bring everybody together, the Olympics had been on a fast track to failure.
“It was characteristic of his modesty and his lack of desire to claim credit for something that he felt other people had done that he played this down, but it was critical,” Fraser added.
From 1979 to 1987, Goldbloom was president and CEO of the Canadian Council of Christians and Jews.
“He was a really strong voice for interfaith dialogue and for progressive Judaism,” said Lisa Grushcow, rabbi of Temple Emanu-El-Beth Sholom in Westmount, of which Goldbloom was a past president.
“He stood in the best tradition of really ground-breaking dialogue. In addition to that, he was just what we would call a mensch. He was a wonderful human being. He cared about people, Grushcow said.
Still extremely active in the congregation, Goldbloom had a lunch meeting scheduled Tuesday with the synagogue's president, she said.
“I don't think there are many people who at 92, if you hear about their death, that it's a shock, but it absolutely was with Victor, because I think we all thought he would go on forever, and we were counting on him because he still brought so much in so many ways,” Grushcow said.
“We say in our tradition, you want to leave the world better than you found it and that he really did,” she added.
Goldbloom's many volunteer activities included chairing the Board of the Health and Social Services Agency of the Island of Montreal from 2002 to 2015, serving as honorary president of the Jules and Paul-Émile Léger Foundation and as president of Jewish Immigrant Aid Services of Montreal.
He was a Companion of the Order of Canada – Canada's highest distinction – and an Officer of l'Ordre National du Québec.
In 2012, Pope Benedict XVI awarded him the Pontifical Equestrian Order of St. Sylvester Pope and Martyr for his outstanding contribution to promoting Christian-Jewish dialogue.
In the National Assembly, politicians observed a moment of silence after speaker Jacques Chagnon announced Goldbloom's passing.
Premier Philippe Couillard expressed his sympathy and reminded Quebecers of the work Goldbloom did unite people of all stripes.
“He was a great Quebecer, a great Canadian of course,” Couillard said.
“He did a lot for Quebec in uniting people across lines of religion, of language of communities. He'll always be remembered and we'll always be grateful to him,” he said.
Native Affairs Minister Geoffrey Kelley called Goldbloom's death “a very great loss.”
“I think many, many people in Quebec learned a great deal from Victor Goldbloom,” Kelley said, noting that Goldbloom “worked hard to make sure relations improved between various communities on the island of Montreal and Quebec society.”
David Birnbaum, the MNA for D'Arcy McGill, also hailed Goldbloom's moral leadership.
“Victor, beyond being a gift to the Jewish community that I'm proud to be part of, was a gift to Quebec, to Canada and in some ways to the entire world in his work on inter-religious dialogue,” Birnbaum said.
He added that Goldbloom “in so many ways to me represents the love and connection of English-speaking Quebecers to this province. He spoke of unity of moving this province and this country forward with grace, intelligence and real wisdom.”
Mayor Denis Cohere saluted Goldbloom as “above all a unifying force, an extremely talented politician and a great expert on compromise.”
McGill principal and vice-chancellor Suzanne Fortier also hailed Goldbloom for “helping foster greater understanding and tolerance.”
David J. Cape, national chair of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs (CIJA), praised Goldbloom's accomplishments in politics, language relations and interfaith dialogue.
“The Jewish community of Canada has lost a beacon and one of the most outstanding leaders of our time,” he said.
Eric Maldoff, chair of CIJA Quebec, called Goldbloom “a pillar upon whom we could rely and to whom we could turn for thoughtful advice and wise counsel. He was a true gentleman, moderate in his views, balanced in his judgment and generous with his time for community, building bridges and goodwill.”
Goldbloom's elder son Michael, the principal and vice-chancellor of Bishop's University in Lennoxville and former publisher of the Montreal Gazette, said his father was a model of moderation who brought together “people of different faiths, different languages and different political perspectives.”
His brother Jonathan, a public relations consultant who ran for the federal Liberal nomination in Mount Royal in 2014, praised his father's commitment to dialogue, a trait Victor learned from his own father.
Goldbloom always made time in his busy schedule for family and during his years as a politician always called home at breakfast, supper and bedtime when the National Assembly was in session, Jonathan recalled.
Goldbloom is survived by his wife of 67 years, retired McGill professor of social work Sheila Goldbloom; their children, Susan Restler (Peter Restler), Michael Goldbloom (Fiona Macleod), Jonathan Goldbloom (Alice Switocz); as well as four grandchildren, two great-grandchildren and Victor's brother, Dr. Richard Goldbloom.
A funeral will be held Friday at noon at Temple Emanu-El-Beth Sholom in Westmount.
mscott@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JMarianScott
No wonder Sony Entertainment boss Michael Lynton is leaving.
Tokyo's Sony Corp. is listening to bank pitches about a potential sale of its film and TV operations, several sources told The Post.
“Every bank is pushing pitches,” said one person familiar with the process. Another confirmed that banks have paid a flurry of visits to Tokyo to advise on a sale of Sony's film and TV business.
The Post was first to report (Dec. 18) that the Japanese owners were ready to listen to bid proposals if they had the right number attached.
CBS CEO Leslie Moonves has long signaled interest in acquiring the asset, though several Chinese bidders could be in the wings.
Sony CEO Kaz Hirai has denied any intent to sell the firm during the five years he's been in the top slot at the company. Still, he has not appointed a successor to Lynton, despite knowing of his intention to depart for some time. That has sparked speculation that there may be no position to fill.
Hirai isn't interested in selling Sony Music, sources said. The company is in good shape and is a big cash cow for the firm.
The film unit, however, is struggling. Sony/Columbia ended 2016 in fifth place with a market share of 8 percent, behind Disney, Warner, Fox and Universal, according to Box Office Mojo.
A source said Sony hasn't yet committed to a sale at this time, because the firm wants to see how Sony's movies perform this summer.
“They want to see how the “Emoji Movie” movie does because they think they have a franchise and it might help them get a better price,” said a source, the film, which features a poop emoji, comes out on August 4.
Lynton said he was exiting to become chairman of Snap Inc., which owns Snapchat.
Sony reps in Japan couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
16 million men are thought to be directly descended from Genghis Khan
The geneticists traced each the eleven lineages back to their potential roots in the Middle East, India, China, Mongolia and south east Asia
Scientists from the University of Leicester traced DNA in modern men to 'founding fathers' that lived across Asia between 1300BC and 1100AD
More than 800 million men living today are descended from just eleven men, including the ruthless Mongolian leader Genghis Khan, according to new research.
Geneticists have been able to find eleven distinctive sequences in Y-chromosomes - the chunk of DNA that is only carried by men - that are persistent in modern populations in Asia.
By systematically analysing the DNA of more than 5,000 men, they have been able to trace these male lineages to their approximate 'founding fathers'.
This map shows ten of the 11 lineages (labelled DC) with the approximate date when they originated and how they appear to have spread around the continent. The arrows show how the lineage may have spread
They found that along with Khan, who is reputed to have sired hundreds of children as his hoards cut a swathe across much of Asia, they traced ten other lineages.
These are thought to originate from the Middle East to Southeast Asia between 2100BC and 1100AD.
They found that 37.8 per cent of the 5,000 men they tested belonged to one of these eleven lineages.
SEARCHING FOR GENGHIS KHAN'S TOMB FROM SPACE Scientists are using space-age technology to help them find the final resting place of the first Mongolian emperor Genghis Khan. Although he ruled an empire that extended over most of Asia, the final resting place of the Mongol leader remains a mystery. He died in 1227 at the age of 72 after a sudden illness. Legend says that as his body was carried to its final resting place, anyone encountered along the route was put to the sword before those escorting the body also killed themselves, to keep its location a secret. Researchers at the University of California have used crowdsourcing to scour more than 84,000 satellite images of a part of Mongolia where his body is suspected to be. By searching an area of 2,316 square miles, they have been able to identify 55 potential sites for where the great Mongol warlords body may now lie.
If this is reflected in the entire Asian population, then it could mean around 830 million men living in Asia currently owe their Y-chromosomes to one of these eleven men.
Among them is a lineage that has previously been attributed to a Chinese ruler called Giocangga, who died in 1583 and whose grandson founded the Qing Dynasty that ruled China between 1644 and 1912.
Giocangga is thought to have had many children with his wives and concubines and is the direct male ancestor of more than 1.5 million men.
The researchers also found that another of the lineages appears to have population clusters that are concentrated along the Silk Road trading route and date back to around 850AD.
This suggests they may have their origins among the powerful rulers who dominated the steppes where the route passed - the Khitan, Tangut Xia, Juchin, Kara-Khitan and Mongol empires.
The researchers suggest that Abaoji, Emperor Taizu of Liao and the Great Khan of the Khitans, who died in 926AD in the Khitan area of China, is a possible candidate for the father of this lineage.
Professor Mark Jobling, a geneticist at the University of Leicester who led the work, which is published in the European Journal of Human Genetics, said that more research was needed before they could identify the individuals.
The founding fathers who lived between 2100BC and 300BC appear to have existed in both sedentary agricultural societies and nomadic tribes, he added.
Genghis Khan is thought to have fathered hundreds of children as his armies conquered much of Asia while his sons also continued to spread his Y-chromosome around the world as they expanded the Mongol empire
Writing in the European of Human Genetics, he said: 'High reproductive success is often associated with high social status, ‘prestigious' men having higher intramarital fertility, lower offspring mortality and access to a greater than average number of wives.
'Those with recent origins in the historical period are almost exclusively found in Altaic-speaking pastoral nomadic populations, which may reflect a shift in political organisation in pastoralist economies and a greater ease of transmission of Y-chromosomes through time and space facilitated by the use of horses.
'New social systems and economic adaptations emerged after horse domestication.
'Horse-riding greatly enhanced both east–west connections and north–south trade between Siberia and southerly regions, and allowed new techniques of warfare, a key element explaining the successes of mobile pastoralists in their conflicts with more sedentary societies.'
One of the male lineages that have come to dominate in Asia appears to have originated from one of the empires that sprung up along the Silk Route, depicted here in this Catalan nautical map from 1325-1387
The researchers analysed the Y chromosomes of 5,321 men from 127 different populations around Asia.
They found 11 common Y chromosome sequences that cropped up repeatedly in the genomes they examined.
By searching these for distinctive random mutations that accumulate over time they were able to estimate roughly when these Y chromosome sequences originated.
Giocangga, grandfather of the Qing ruler Emperor Nurhaci (above), is thought to be directly related to 1.5 million men now living in China and Mongolia
Looking at the distribution of these sequences in the populations they tested also allowed them to estimate where they may have originated by looking for clusters.
Previous research conducted in 2003 had shown that almost 16 million men across the world could be related to the Mongol leader Genghis Khan, who died in 1227.
Scientists traced a cluster of extremely similar Y-chromosomes back to a single ancestor living in Mongolia around 800 years ago.
They believe the only man with the opportunity to father enough children would have been the Mongolian warlord.
Within 80 years he built an empire that covered much of China, Iran, Pakistan, Korea and South Russia.
The empire he founded went on to stretch across much of Asia and into Europe, meaning there was potential for his descendants to spread his genes far and wide.
Tom Robinson, an accountancy professor whose ancestors came from the Lake District, was the first man outside Asia to be identified as carrying the Khan chromosome.
It was found that Professor Robinson's paternal forebears came from the Caucasus near the Black Sea.
Similar work found Giocangga was also the most probably origin of another distinct Y chromosome found in modern China and Mongolia.
However, tracing the other dominant Y chromosomes to other individuals will require similar educated guesswork by looking for men who had the power and potential to sire large numbers of children at around the right time that the sequences are found to originally occur.
GENGHIS KHAN AND THE RISE OF THE MONGOL EMPIRE Genghis Khan was the founder and Great Khan of the Mongol Empire. In the early 1200s he united the tribes, creating a military state that invaded its neighbours and expanded, soon ruling most of what would become modern Korea, China, Russia, eastern Europe, southeast Asia, Persia and India. Khan made himself master of half the known world, and inspired mankind with a fear that lasted for generations. He was a prolific lover, fathering hundreds of children across his territories. Some scientists think he has 16 million male descendants alive today. By the time he died in August 1227, the Mongol Empire covered a vast part of Central Asia and China. Originally known as Temüjin of the Borjigin, legend has it Genghis was born holding a clot of blood in his hand. His father was Khan, or emperor, of a small tribe but was murdered when Temüjin was still young. The new tribal leader wanted nothing to do with Temujin's family, so with his mother and five other children, Temüjin was cast out and left to die. In all, Genghis conquered almost four times the lands of Alexander the Great. He is still revered in Mongolia and in parts of China.
One of the 'founding fathers' appears to have lived in what is now northern Turkey in 700BC while another came from Iran in around 1100AD.
Others seem to originate around 2100BC and 1500BC in southeast Asia. Around this time farming populations were moving down through Burma into Laos, Thailand and Cambodia, leading to the Mon and Khmer empires.
The only way to know for sure who these 11 founding fathers were will be to find their remains and extract DNA.
If the tomb of leaders like Genghis Khan are ever unearthed, it could result in the ultimate paternity test for millions of men around the world.
Chris Tyler-Smith, an evolutionary geneticist now at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Hinxton, UK, who led that orginal study in 2003, told Nature: 'Looking for these links is fascinating.
'When we did it, we were using pretty indirect lines of reasoning, and you could try and do that with each of these lineages.
Microsoft has handed a pile of money to the OpenBSD Foundation, becoming its first-ever Gold level contributor in the process.
"This donation is in recognition of the role of the Foundation in supporting the OpenSSH project," the Foundation said via a post to the OpenBSD Journal website on Tuesday.
The exact amount of the donation was not disclosed, but to reach the Gold level – a distinction that was introduced for the Foundation's 2015 funding drive – a contributor has to give between $25,000 and $50,000.
It is ironic, perhaps, that the announcement comes just as Microsoft has said that it plans to axe around 7,800 of its own employees as part of CEO Satya Nadella's latest austerity measures.
By comparison, Facebook and Google have each donated to the Foundation at the Silver level, which means they've given between $10,000 and $25,000 apiece.
There is also a Platinum level for those who want to donate up to $100,000, and if you're willing to give more than that you'll reach the Iridium level – but nobody enjoys either status so far.
For its 2015 funding round, the OpenBSD Foundation is seeking to raise $200,000, so Microsoft's donation alone has brought it at least 10 per cent closer to its goal.
Redmond's move comes on the heels of an announcement by the Windows PowerShell team in June that it would add SSH support to its command-line shell and that it planned to support and contribute to the OpenSSH community.
The OpenBSD Foundation is a major backer of OpenSSH development; in fact, as the official OpenSSH website explains, "OpenSSH is developed by the OpenBSD community" – which is in turn supported by the OpenBSD Foundation.
The Foundation has received a total of $125,000 for the year so far, which means it's on its way to reaching its funding goal by the end of December (but only just)
If it doesn't make it, it won't be the first time. In January 2014, it was saved from the brink of disaster by a last-minute crowdfunding round that raised around $100,000 dollars. At the time, the Foundation was $20,000 in arrears on its data center bills. ®
If you want to go outside, you have to wear a spacesuit. Jan Popowski/M.A.R.S./PMAS 2017
Next to an old nuclear bomber hangar in western Poland, a mission to the surfaces of both the moon and Mars is about to begin.
The two-week mission is just a simulation, of course, since no entity on Earth is prepared to inhabit deep space. But the experiment — called the Poland Mars Analogue Simulation 2017 — will study a group of six volunteer "analogue" astronauts as they work through a realistic schedule of space exploration, then provide those findings to anyone who's drawing up crewed missions beyond Earth.
"This mission will be one of the most comprehensive Mars analogue missions ever conducted in Europe," Mina Takla, spokesperson for the PMAS 2017 mission, told Business Insider in an email.
About 89 miles will separate M.A.R.S. from mission control. Google Maps; Business Insider The experiment, which Business Insider first learned about through the Dawn of Private Space Science Symposium on June 4, is being spearheaded by the Space Exploration Project Group, or SEPG. (The group is part of the Space Generation Advisory Council and works with the United Nations on its space exploration research and support efforts.)
Many other partners are involved in the mission, too, including The Mars Society, European Space Agency, and European Space Foundation.
The project's central feature is a U-shaped habitat that's "connected to a nuclear fighter [plane] hangar near Pila, Poland," Takla said.
A 'nuclear' M.A.R.S. base
To make the mission possible, PMAS 2017 rounded up money from corporate sponsors, and also raised tens of thousands of dollars through crowdfunding sites. To create the habitat, the Space Garden Company — a partner to the project — secured material donations and also did some fundraising.
Organizers have dubbed their faux habitat project the Martian Modular Analog Research Station, or M.A.R.S.
As Marta Bellon of Business Insider Poland reported in May 2016, a previous design for the base, created by British architect Scott Porter, called for four arms and a domed headquarters built by Freedomes (the same company that built the fictional Mars habitats for the blockbuster movie "The Martian").
However, organizers have since dropped the four-armed design for a U-shaped one. The habitat's planned location in southern Poland also moved to western Poland in the past year.
The new, U-shaped M.A.R.S. facility will have six units, each with its own dedicated purpose, such as "scientific research, crew quarters (including a gym), habitation, hygienic facilities, kitchen area, and storage and systems," Takla said. "The entry and exit to the habitat will be via an airlock."
Takla did not provide Business Insider with any sketches or photos of the facility in time for publication, nor could he confirm if and when its construction was completed.
Assuming M.A.R.S. is finished in time, six analogue astronauts will "land" in the habitat on July 31, then work and live and work inside it through August 13.
Poonampreet Kaur Josan, one of six "analog" astronauts who will live inside the M.A.R.S. habitat for two weeks. Space Generation Advisory Council/PMAS 2017 The volunteers hail from Puerto Rico, Israel, Spain, France, India, the US, Nigeria, and other locations. Meanwhile, a larger support team will operate as mission control in the northern Polish city of Torun, including psychologists to monitor the astronauts.
"[PMAS 2017] will be one of the most international, multicultural, and interdisciplinary analogue missions ever conducted, with members from over 28 different countries and representing scientific disciplines ranging from engineering to astrophysics, psychology, geology, and biology," Takla said.
In addition to following a strict schedule of experiments, maintenance, and personal time, mission managers will simulate other realities for a far-off planetary mission, including spacesuits to leave M.A.R.S., and annoying communications delays.
"[T]he first three days of the 14 days of the simulation will be in 'Lunar mode' with a real-time communication between habitat and Mission Control, before we go for the remaining 11 days into the Martian mode," Tajana Lučić, co-leader of SEPG, told Business Insider in an email.
When the Martian mode starts, Lučić said, "the time delay will be 15 minutes, and simulates the long distance between Earth and Mars and the related communication delay."
Faux Mars missions galore
The PMAS 2017 mission isn't the only project trying to figure out how to run a tightly operated lunar or Martian base.
HI-SEAS in Hawaii, for example — which former Business Insider reporter Kelly Dickerson visited — has astronauts who live and work inside a habitat built on the side of a barren volcano.
The HI-SEAS faux Mars base on the Mauna Loa volcano in Hawaii. NASA
Russia, China, and the ESA have also run six willing "astronauts" through a psychological gauntlet with its $15 million Mars500 experiment.
That project, which ended a few years ago, had the astronauts stay inside for 520 days, or nearly a year and a half, to see what challenges they faced — and how to prevent or solve them when real Mars colonization missions actually begin. (Boredom, concluded an exhaustive study of the project, is one of the greatest hurdles to overcome.)
Such information could prove extremely valuable to the first nation (or private company, like SpaceX) to land people on Mars. Whoever is spending tens of billions of dollars to get the job done, they'll not only want a crew to survive to tell the tale, but also make the best use of their time some 140 million miles from Earth.
Correction (July 10, 2017): Business Insider was initially given and directed to outdated information about M.A.R.S. We have since corrected and updated this story to reflect the project's current details.
University Ave pedestrian bridge in Berkeley: Painted and posted after the intel leak to the Russians but before the Comey memo. Lately it's been hard to keep up.
Park at Kansas and 22nd (San Francisco.) Walk onto pedestrian bridge, strap panels to fencing with bungee cords.
Some signs and how they got there. These particular fences and overpasses are in the San Francisco Bay Area, but equivalent ones can be found just about anywhere. Next time you're driving, look around at everything you can see, fencing in particular. Those are places you can put signs that'll be read. The harder they are to reach, the longer they'll stay up. This knowledge will become more and more important in the days and weeks ahead.
Park at Holladay Ave. & Faith St. Walk onto bridge and bungee signs into place. Good for very large signs.
Park at Seabreeze Market & Deli (Berkeley.) Walk 500 feet onto University Ave overcrossing (sidewalk provided. Drop sign in between handrail and fencing. Walk back.
Park at the end of Waterville St. (San Francisco) Step over downed fencing, climb small hill. Several hundred feet of fencing alongside I-280 to choose from.
Take Marinwood exit from US 101 Novato (Marin County) Park, walk to overpass, squeeze sign into gap (gap is 12 inches tall.)
Look for dumpsters like this (Valley Furniture, Rohnert Park) behind large furniture stores. Ask if it's okay to take some cardboard. (It is.) Cardboardwise, you're set for life.
Regatta Ave. exit on I-580 (Richmond, California) Park by railroad bridge, climb four foot concrete abutment and walk out over lanes. Strap panels to fence with bungee cords. Walk back.
Santa Cruz, CA. Park by church at start of Mission Ave., walk onto pedestrian bridge. Panels shouldn't be wider than 90 inches.
Berkeley again. Park at Seabreeze Deli, take pix from pedestrian bridge. Just wanted to mention you have 114 inches between vertical posts.
Vallejo CA: Park on Lincoln Blvd. east by Buss Ave. Cross street and clip sign to inside of guardrail with binder clips.
My San Francisco underground bunker/safe house.
Take Rowland Ave. exit from US 101 (Novato, Marin co.) Park behind China Buffet. Walk under freeway alongside canal, post on fence facing northbound lanes.
Prius packed with signs. Cardboard is light, free, durable and foldable. Painted white, you can make signs of any size or shape using white duct tape and a boxcutter.
Fence at the end of Holladay Ave. (San Francisco) overlooking US 101. 100 feet from lanes, damn near impossible to find.
Novato CA: Park at Nave Dr. and Bolling Dr. Cross street and bungee to fence. (Note corner squeezed in between bar and fence — this saves you a bungee.)
Follow me on Twitter!
An RSPCA official has spoke of his horror of one of the worst cases of animal cruelty he has ever seen.
Inspector Nick Jones said the animal rescue and welfare organisation was looking for more than one person after a small dog was buried alive with a nail protruding from its head.
Hikers in Kirkleatham Woods in Redcar, Cleveland, made the grim discovery and called the police.
They discovered a white terrier-type animal whimpering, despite a nail protruding through his skull through his eyes.
The police took the dog to RSPCA vets but they had to put him down due to his injuries.
Mr Jones said: “In all my 10 years working for the RSPCA, I have never known anything so horrifying and inexplicably cruel.
“This is clearly a very deliberate act of cruelty and it's inconceivable to think why somebody has done it to this poor little dog.
“It's likely more than one person was involved in this act of horrific cruelty due to the force needed to inflict such an attack.”
Just read a story about a dog being found buried alive with a nail hammered into its head. We are such a vile species. — Becky (@becksthfc) 19 octobre 2016
Local Redcar MP Anna Turley described that attack as an “abhorrent act of cruelty”.
“That someone would even consider, let alone inflict, such brutality on a defenceless animal is beyond belief,” she said.
“I hope the perpetrators of this crime are caught and receive the punishment they deserve.”
Blogging: Parkinson's law of triviality 11/12/2014
Follow @eureferendum
Perceptive readers may notice that, so far, I've kept away from the Bird/Bolter (née Ahmed) soap opera. However, I've now broken my own self-denying ordinance and posted the Guardian's
"I have ruined my life by speaking out about Roger Bird", says the one of the women in Ukip who is "... seen for our intelligence and aptitude". She then goes on to tell us that "she wanted to highlight pressure on women to sleep with men in powerful posts to enhance careers". One Guardian commenter, though, is not convinced, telling Bolter: "No, you ruined your life by joining Ukip".
Whatever else one might think of the former Miss Ahmed, one notes from the
After spending years as a housewife, we are told, she studied to become a teacher, and taught religion at Eastbury Comprehensive School in Barking, becoming active in the Tower Hamlets Labour party until her sudden switch to Ukip just three months ago.
Prior to her marriage, she claims to have read PPE at Wadham College, Oxford, a claim repeated by Roger Bird from the podium at Doncaster, also an Oxford PPE-ist. Then he told the conference: "Now, I was particularly pleased to hear this as it means I am now no longer the only Oxford PPE-ist in Ukip, and Nigel will have to stop making jokes about PPE-ists".
Today, though, a spokesman for the university says that having checked the records against her date of birth and maiden name: "We can confirm that Oxford University has no record of a Natasha Ahmed having attended Oxford". It has also
One wonders, therefore, why that Ukip ever thought this person was a suitable candidate for a Member of Parliament, and is the sort of person who could ably represent her constituents and her party – especially as doubts are now being cast over the rest of her story.
More likely, the former Miss Ahmed "qualified" for exactly the same reason she is receiving inordinate attention from the media, specifically that she doesn't "
But now,
Furthermore,
What interests me most, however, is whether
The "syndrome" relates to Parkinson's observation of a planning committee reviewing plans for a nuclear power plant. It spent the majority of its time with discussions on relatively trivial and unimportant but easy-to-grasp issues, such as what materials to use for the staff bike-shed, while neglecting the design of the nuclear power plant itself – a far more important but also a far more difficult and complex task to criticise constructively.
Given a choice between exploring many other serious issues, and the trivial tittle-tattle of the former Miss Ahmed's affairs, the difference in column inches appear to tell its own story. But it isn't only journalists who are afflicted - blog readers also seem to be influenced by the syndrome. Compare, for instance, the number of comments
When it comes to a story
However, there are those of my readers who suggest to me that I should make choices, only that I should do the opposite to the media and concentrate on issues such as UNECE and global agreements on tyre standards, and steer clear of the more contentious stuff – like Ukip.
Yet, if my judgement is to be trusted on such details, then it is on matters which affect Ukip's performance, such as
The behaviour of the political party which purports to seek our withdrawal from the EU is a legitimate interest for this blog. The events might be trivial but the context is not. A dysfunctional wreck dominating the eurosceptic territory is of concern to us all.
And this is where Parkinson got it wrong. The committee was not failing it its duty in spending time on the bicycle shed. We need well-designed cycle housing as well as well-designed nuclear power stations. Their mistake was in not dealing with the power station as well.
The same applies to the media. No-one expects them to avoid train-wreck stories about Ukip, but they should be covering all the territory – the nuclear power stations as well as the bicycle sheds. A paper that can run stories such as
With New Year's Day on a Sunday this year, Metro has decided to run 24-hour service on all five rail lines and the Orange Line busway beginning on Saturday night — New Year's Eve — until the close of service on Monday night, Jan. 2.
Free rides on all Metro buses and trains are being offered on New Year's Eve from 9 p.m. Saturday until 2 a.m. Sunday, Jan. 1. That's part of a public safety initiative. Anyone boarding a Metro bus or train after 2 a.m. Sunday must pay a fare.
The Tournament of Roses parade this year and the Rose Bowl game are being held on Monday, Jan. 2 — the parade begins at 8 a.m. and the game kicks off at 2:10 p.m. As a result, Metro Rail and the Orange Line will be in service all night on Sunday and early Monday morning. (Here's the Tournament of Roses website).
Metro will also add train service on Monday to accommodate heavy passenger loads to and from Pasadena.
For out of town visitors: Fares on Metro are $1.50 per ride on a single line. A day pass for $5 offers unlimited rides for a single day. Here is a map of our bus and rail system and here is a map of the Gold Line light rail connecting Union Station in downtown Los Angeles to Pasadena. Here is the parade route map.
In addition, on Jan. 2, Metrolink commuter rail will be running trains on the San Bernardino and Antelope Valley Line, plus offering 2-for-1 discounts.
An event is being held this morning in downtown L.A. to promote Metro service to the Tournament of Roses. Here is the official news release from Metro, with more details:
METRO, METROLINK THE EASIEST, MOST ECONOMICAL WAY TO TRAVEL TO 2012 TOURNAMENT OF ROSES® FESTIVITIES For those planning to attend the 2012 Tournament of Roses Parade® and other festivities in Pasadena, there is no easier way to get there than Metro and Metrolink. The 123rd Rose Parade® presented by Honda themed “Just Imagine…” will feature spirited marching bands from throughout the nation, majestic floral floats, and equestrian units. The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) will provide fast, frequent rail service to and from Pasadena, with four station stops near the parade route. Event-goers traveling by Metro will also avoid the costs of parking and hassle of traffic in Pasadena. With this year's Tournament festivities planned to begin at 8 a.m. on Monday, Jan. 2, 2012, Metro will be ready with all rail lines – the Metro Red, Purple, Gold, Blue and Green Lines, and the Metro Orange Line – operating throughout the night of Jan 1-2 to enable event-goers to get an early place along the parade route. In addition to the overnight service on Metro rail lines the night of Jan. 1-2, Metro will run additional trains and more frequent service on the Metro Gold Line to accommodate the large numbers of anticipated riders beginning at 5 a.m. and continuing through 9 p.m., with trains running as frequently as every seven to eight minutes to and from Pasadena. All Metro Rail lines will operate New Year's Eve/New Years Day, Dec. 31-Jan. 1 to give New Year's revelers a safe, car-free travel choice. For New Year's Eve/Day only, Metro will be providing free rides on all Metro bus and rail lines from 9 p.m. until 2 a.m. on the morning of Jan. 1. After 2 a.m., regular fares go into effect. Those attending parade festivities after 2 a.m. New Year's Day can purchase a $1.50 one-way fare if only riding the Metro Gold Line or a $5 Metro Day Pass if riding more than one line. The Day Pass allows for unlimited Metro System rides that day. Patrons can purchase their ticket at their initial boarding station. Metrolink is also providing service that will connect event-goers along its San Bernardino line with additional transportation options into to downtown Los Angeles Union station, where they can then board the Gold Line to Pasadena. The first Metrolink train will depart downtown Riverside at 5:30 a.m. and San Bernardino at 6:05 a.m., arriving in Los Angeles in time for passengers to attend the Rose Parade. On Jan. 2, Metrolink is offering a 2-for-1 special that allows two people to ride for the price of one. Visit metrolinktrains.com for more information on the promotion. Parade goers can access any of four Pasadena train stations close to the Parade route on Colorado Boulevard. Memorial Park and Del Mar stations are about two blocks from the Parade route; the Lake and Allen stations are approximately four blocks from the Parade route. Parking is available at several Metro Gold Line Stations, including Sierra Madre Villa, Del Mar, Fillmore, Mission, Heritage Square/Arroyo, Lincoln Heights/Cypress Park, Union Station, Indiana and Atlantic. Additional parking is available at stations servicing other countywide rail lines as well. Visit metro.net for a list of additional park & ride lots on the Metro System. Football fans attending the 99th Rose Bowl Game® Presented by VIZIO shoul take the Metro Gold Line to Memorial Park Station. Upon arrival at the station, they should then walk three blocks west on Holly Street to the Parsons Corporation complex to catch the free Rose Bowl Game shuttle bus, with service starting at 10 a.m. The boarding location is on Pasadena Avenue, north of Union Street. Buses will leave continually through the game's kick-off and first quarter. Metro is also teaming up with the Tournament of Roses to provide easy access to view the Rose Parade floats after the parade. Take the Metro Gold Line to the Sierra Madre Villa Station in East Pasadena. Then board a shuttle bus from the Bus Plaza on the first level of the parking structure that provides direct service to Victory Park, where the floats will be displayed Jan. 2-3. Shuttles will depart from Sierra Madre Villa Station until approximately 3 p.m. each day. Return service to Sierra Madre Villa will continue to 5:30 p.m. Shuttle hours of operation are 12:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on Jan. 2, and 7 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. on Jan. 3. On Jan. 3 from 7 a.m. until 9 a.m., only seniors and disabled will be allowed into the viewing area. During the hours of operation the shuttle buses will pick up every five to ten minutes from the station. Regular fares will apply. Metro does not allow eating, drinking or smoking on board Metro trains or buses. To ensure public safety, Metro prohibits flammable products, barbecues and oversized items such as ladders, umbrellas, tents, chairs and coolers from being brought on board the Metro Bus or Rail system. For additional information on Metro, visit metro.net. For additional information on Metrolink, visit metrolinktrains.com.
Like this: Like Loading...
What follows is the last in a short, three-post assessment of selected aspects of the surveillance review group report. In this post, I highlight what is, in my view, the most productive of the review group's many observations, from a national security perspective.
Not surprisingly, given the composition and expertise of the review group members, its strongest contribution may very well be in the area of information security. It turns out that the report saved its best advice for last. In my view, here is the diamond of this report, buried deep in the middle of p. 250:
“the government's classified networks require immediate internal hardening.”
I wonder what fact-finding led to that conclusion.
Throughout the recent surveillance debate, what has struck me consistently has been that the issue of security of the information collected, and classified systems in particular, has been such an afterthought. It was over an hour into the December 11, 2013, Senate Judiciary Committee hearing before Chairman Leahy asked the NSA Director if, had private sector best practices been applied at NSA (as the NSA Director suggested would happen in the future), a 29 year-old subcontractor would have “been able to walk away with all your secrets…” The review group is right when it says that “[p]olicy officials are ultimately responsible for the IT networks of their organizations.” (at p.249).
In this case, the most important contribution the President can make to lasting national security for the nation is relegated to Chapter VIII in the report. The report counsels, “the security of classified networks is, in the age of cyberwar, one of the highest priorities in national security,” (at p.249). In addition, protecting networks and information collected may very well be the most significant contribution to protecting privacy of collected information that can be implemented, including the content of incidentally acquired communications. The review group provides a number of detailed suggestions for how to accomplish upgrading the security of classified networks and information. Leaving the “how” to the technologists, the national security policy takeaway is simple: it must be done.
Although reasonable minds will continue to disagree about the appropriate scale of national security surveillance, now that the smoke is clearing and the rhetoric is dying down, I hope that some, at least, start to see that the scandal isn't the NSA's foreign intelligence collection activities. While far from perfect, and certainly appropriately subject to continuing review and ongoing adjustment, those were and are on solid legal footing, consistent with existing precedent, done with detailed oversight and lots of accountability.
The scandal is that Snowden walked out the door with it all.
6 mins read
Doha Oil Output Freeze talks. 7 Questions for Oil trading playbook in April.
On April 17th 2016 a dozen key oil producers, OPEC members and non-members, will meet in Doha, Qatar to discuss the future of oil prices. The big item on the table is the crude oil production output freeze that has been in and out of news since the beginning of this year and a public stance worth a billion dollars a day.
News reports indicate that the items on agenda are follow-up discussions on the length of the production cap and its implementation in the coming months, primarily between Saudi Arabian and Russian delegates. The other fourteen producers excluding Iran, Libya and Iraq have already indicated a willingness to follow the path set by the two leading producers in the world.
Ahead of the Doha meeting, here are seven questions for your oil trading playbook for the week starting Monday.
Will the Saudis attend? Yes, but expect a fair bit of fireworks before the meeting as Iran and Saudi Arabia are likely to trade jabs and release news to create pressure on other partners at the producers' conference. The Saudis are big believer in indirect communication before and after negotiating events and are likely to use this medium again to communicate their official and unofficial stance. Will the Iranians attend? Yes, but see above. There is a complex background ballet at work between the new oil triumvirate comprising of Saudi Arabia, Iran and Russia. Saudi Arabia, Iran and Russia control the excess marginal supply today and in the coming months. While Libya and Iraq are factors in the equation, their ability to significantly add to oil output in the next six months compared to the top three is limited. Iraq has been adding capacity in 2015 and will add more in 2016, but it has been plagued by security and law and order challenges. Will there be a big announcement? Yes, that is the objective of the entire production in Doha but don't read anything into it. Will they commit to a freeze? Yes, but enforcement is going to be another story. The Russians would like the world to believe that they are committed to it. The Saudis would want to make it work but only if everyone else plays fair. Iran and Iraq are more than happy to make soothing comments as long as they are not bound to a freeze and prices rise. Everyone is waiting for the big producers to work it out between themselves so that prices can finally settle above their current lows. Will oil prices rise? Yes, leading up to the meeting, absolutely yes. Subject to the fireworks mentioned above. You also have to understand the Russian, Iranian and Iraqi mindset. A ten dollar increase in crude oil prices that can last a month adds an additional one hundred million dollars a day to Russian oil revenues. Given the state of Russian finance that is much needed relief. For the global community of oil producers it represents a bump of 900 – 940 million dollars a day depending on how their respective blends are priced with respect to the benchmark. Expect a number of press conferences leading up to the event with language and gestures geared towards bullish sentiments. Words are cheap; especially if they don't cost anything and the posturing add up to a billion dollars. For how long? The forecast window for oil is about two to six weeks. The next OPEC meeting is scheduled for 2nd June 2016. US refinery turnarounds end first quarter and the crude stock draw down that surprised everyone this Wednesday is likely to be a result of post turnaround refinery pick up gearing for summer driving season and the delayed restart of the Keystone pipeline. The US summer driving season starts April and peaks in May. So if we want a clear picture of fundamental driven outlook, it will have to wait till about end June, early July which is when mid-June data would come out. In the meantime, the media treatment of crude oil prices would be based on the most vocal explanations, not necessarily the correct ones. Will the Doha meeting lead to an extended price rise or the big announcement mean anything? No. You have to look at the fundamentals before you commit to a longer term future outlook. In the short term the Doha meeting will certainly feed price volatility but without a significant change on the demand front (read: China) or supply imbalance (read: drop in production – not output freeze), you can't commit to a long term positive outlook on oil. Why the hell not? The only thing that is certain is that leading up to the Doha meeting and post the event is there will be price volatility. If we had to take a bet it would be prices heading upwards as we lead into the Doha and heading downwards on the day official news breaks and trading positions are cut.
To understand the impact of Doha meeting, you have to understand the context behind the fall in oil prices. The question you have to ask is “Has that context changed?” If the answer is yes, then yes the Doha meeting will change how oil prices behave. If the answer is no, then whatever price changes we see will be driven by perception, not reality. Fundamentals always catch up with air.
The context for oil prices – Q2, Q3 2016
The Supply and Demand mix
In the background of Doha output freeze talks, the big item in the news was the fall in US production, the surprise fall in crude stocks and the sharp drop in US rig count figures from a year ago. Two of the three items fed into the “Saudi strategy has worked” conversation but what would be the likely impact on prices. Let's take a look.
First, production losses in the US have been more than offset by the ramp up in production in Iraq, Iran and Russia.
While US crude oil production has declined by 600,000 bpd, Iraqi oil production has increased by 750,000 bpd, Russian production had added another 900,000 bpd and Iranian claims indicate that they have or will add another 500,000 bpd. In addition to these increases in supply, the Saudi and Kuwait joint production projects kick-started in early 2016 will add another 350,000 bpd to the mix.
So while the reduction in US supply is still welcome news for oil prices, it has not and will most likely not have an impact on the existing supply glut in the local market. Every barrel that goes offline in North American territories is being replaced by two barrels in the Urals, Siberia and the Middle East. While media coverage and recent price action suggest that the US output drop is significant, in the broader context of crude oil production it is not.
The Demand side
On the demand side, there was finally some positive news on the Chinese front as the chances of a run on the Chinese Yuan decreased with an improvement in capital flows as well as an uptick on the manufacturers' confidence/purchase index. So a plus one on China. We are not out of the woods yet, but it appears that while China may not help with a demand take off in the immediate term, it may no longer take the global economy and oil prices down with it.
The US economy continues to chug upwards and the Federal Reserve meeting minutes and notes didn't strike any alarming note other than hints on looking at oil and energy prices as part of the systemic risk equation. Indian demand for crude cargoes remained robust. But European numbers sent mixed signals. Two additional plus signs on the US and Indian front and a not so sure on Europe.
The alternate thesis
There is an alternate, possibly more credible thesis for the directional change in oil prices than the output freeze talks in Doha. The alternate thesis is the relative price of oil in US dollars. While Iran and Russia may no longer settle their crude export cargoes in USD, the reference price for both Brent and WTI is set in US dollars. Which implies that markets adjust prices due to appreciation or depreciation of the US exchange rate.
While the outlook at the beginning of 2016 was that a policy rate change was imminent recent remarks by the Janet Yellen, the Chairperson of the Federal Reserve indicate that the Fed is likely to go slow. Markets and economic environment need some additional breathing room and the Federal Reserve is in an accommodating mood. 2014 and 2015 were great years for the US dollar on the anticipated rate hike but starting off 2016 USD has given some of those gains back. And that weakness directly translates into crude oil price adjustment.
The switch to positive correlation in the late March, early April price change data set support the idea that post the Doha conversation, we may be looking at a correction in oil prices, given the recovery in the US dollar in the days leading into April. While the alternate thesis is significantly more believable than any impact the Doha oil output freeze talks are likely to have, its ability to predict the direction of oil prices still needs to be tested.
Combined with the absence of negative news coming out of China, Fed's comments, the weakness of the USD, and the lift in refinery consumption of crude cargoes, it appears that the recovery of oil prices has deeper drivers. Atleast for the next few weeks. To see if these drivers have a permanent impact on oil price outlook, we have to wait for June numbers to come in.
In the interim, enjoy the volatility.
Smith is cautious to characterize Google Fiber as a future competitor for Comcast or AT&T, but he's still very optimistic about the fledgling service's future. "There's a learning curve here," he says, "and we're ready to go into the next set of cities." He immediately told me that he won't be able to announce which cities are in that next set, of course, but they'll undoubtedly have to wait awhile for deployment: Google Fiber rollouts are notoriously slow. Both of its organic cities were announced over a year before customers could even sign up, and even then customers were (and are) corralled into "Fiberhood" groups that need to reach specific subscription goals before the service is actually made available. It takes time to build infrastructure, after all.
Google Fiber's expansion may be deliberately slow, but Smith says it's settling into a place that gives his team greater control of the user experience. "The other half of a challenge is always an opportunity," he says. "By having control of all the hardware and software, now we're getting into this more iterative phase of being able to push code and make changes more rapidly to create a more responsive product."
Right now, these revisions are focused on improving internet and TV service -- specifically WiFi connectivity. "I think the stat is that 70-percent of the devices that connect at home connect through WiFi," Smith says. "We spend an insane amount of engineering time just trying to improve and optimize that experience." Still, Smith assures me that Fiber is still growing, but his lips are sealed for the next few months. "We're getting to scale. We're starting to go to more cities -- that's going to be a big part of what we do."
In the meantime, Google is focusing primarily on making sure its core services are excellent. Users have asked about adding new packages and features (such as an internet+ HBO Go package or Google Voice VoIP service), but Smith says there are no plans to announce beyond Fiber's current offerings. "We are interested in exploring new ways for people to purchase video," he says, "but our core offering is our live TV service, which we think is an awesome service." He calls me back to HBO Go as an example, which was recently made available to Google Fiber TV customers.
When I asked Smith about why Google had been silent on the issue of Net Neutrality for so long, considering its own budding ISP, I was cut off by his PR handler: Google doesn't have anything new to say on the subject. Good thing it said it was in favor of a free and open internet then, I guess.
Primarily, Smith sees Fiber as exactly what it is: a developing business for Google, but he's also visibly excited about the potential gigabit creates for entrepreneurs "We're here, we're digging out streets and putting in fiber. We have real customers that we're serving... ...but it also has the added benefit of being able to advance the web." Doing that can be tricky. Smith tells me that it's not enough to simply put gigabit internet in the hands of people it needs to be somewhere it will make a difference.
That may be part of why Austin is the latest city to support the network. "It's a great town for Fiber," he told me. "There's a lot of creativity. A lot of technology, a lot of film. I think when you start to build a center of gravity around these kinds of businesses and opportunity... ...entrepreneurs invest in that." Smith admits that he wasn't on the Fiber team when Austin was picked to be Google's next gigabit city, but describes the town as a qualitative fit. Austin, by its own declaration, is weird. Hopefully, that's a local synonym for innovative.
Today, December 20, 2014, the City of Rochester, NY destroyed Sanctuary Village. This was the last stop for people with no place to go. Tents, sleeping bags, tarps, and, personal items were bulldozed into a dumpster. No city official present, including the RPD, would take responsibility for this atrocity, five days before Christmas.
Sanctuary Village is a homeless tent city safe haven and a visible protest of Monroe County's and Rochester, New York's (anti) housing & homeless policies.
Below are photographs of the destruction.
Housing is a human right.
Related stories: Stories of Survival & Resistance: a night with Cheri Honkala | Vulnerable Populations/Critical Populations: The criminalization of poverty, homelessness, and dissent | Open letter & video statements from arrested homeless advocates protesting county policies | County Suddenly Breaks off Dialogue With Homeless Advocates | Open letter to Brooks regarding homeless crisis | Sit-In Support at the Civic Center Garage against homeless lock-out | Sister Grace and CW of House of Mercy | 13 Rochesterians | Precarious housing for homless continues at county garage... | "The Throwaways": discussion after the screening | The Deplorable, County-made, Reality of Burials Without Dignity
Generation from wind turbines in the United States increased 27% in 2011 from the prior year, and is up 350% since 2006.
“During the past five years capacity additions of wind turbines were the main driver of the growth in wind power output,” the U.S. Department of Energy reported. “As the amount of wind generation increases, electric power system operators have faced challenges with integrating increasing amounts of this intermittent generation source into their systems.”
Wind is currently the largest source of non-hydro renewable electricity in the U.S.
As the amount of wind generation increases, operators have faced challenges integrating the increasing amounts of this intermittent generation source into their systems.
“Wind energy is the largest source of non-hydroelectric renewable electricity in the United States, contributing 61% of the nearly 200 terawatthours of non-hydroelectric renewable generation in 2011,” according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
However, wind power still only accounted for less than 3% of total U.S. electricity generation in 2011.
For more on U.S. electricity generation, see: How Much Can Renewables Bite Out of the Coal Pie?
Follow @ConEnergyReport
Chris Christie (Mel Evans/AP) More
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has been selected to deliver the keynote address at the Republican National Convention later this month in Tampa.
Christie told USA TODAY in an interview posted on the newspaper's website early Tuesday morning that his speech will focus more on making the case for electing Mitt Romney than on bashing President Obama.
The tough-talking first-term governor said he's been "grinding away" on the speech in the past few days since Romney contacted him about the highly coveted convention role.
[Political junkie? Sign up for the Yahoo! News Daily Ticket newsletter today]
"I'll try to tell some very direct and hard truths to people in the country about the trouble that we're in and the fact that fixing those problems is not going to be easy for any of them," Christie said.
Party leaders will officially announce the decision later Tuesday.
In a statement obtained by New Jersey's Star Ledger newspaper, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said Christie "has proven how bold Republican leadership gets results. He has fearlessly tackled his state's most difficult challenges, while looking out for hardworking taxpayers. He is a leader of principle and conviction, and I am excited to hear him address the Republican National Convention as our keynote speaker."
Christie considered making a 2012 presidential run of his own, but ultimately decided against it and instead became one of Romney's earliest big-name supporters.
Complaints about rude police officers in Amherstburg have reportedly been nearly eliminated now that men and women on patrol are wearing body cameras.
All frontline officers of the Amherstburg Police Service have been wearing the devices since Jan. 1, which has eliminated complaints of incivility, according to chief Tim Berthiaume.
"It has allowed for the opportunity to be more transparent, identify training needs, and prevent frivolous and vexatious complaints against the police officers," he told CBC News. "It has virtually eliminated the public complaint about incivility."
Berthiaume called the cameras a good fit in Amherstburg, for both the town and the police.
The data they are collecting through the cameras is manageable for the department, he said.
Amherstburg is collecting fewer data than some other departments that are still testing the use of body cameras, Berthiaume said.
Amherstburg police officers started wearing body cameras as a part of pilot project back in 2013. At the time, the service was only the second in the province to equip officers with body cameras.
Money to equip every officer with a camera was made available in the 2015 budget.
Police only turn the cameras on when they respond to a call, and they notify people they are being recorded, Berthiaume said. People cannot refuse to be recorded while in public.
When in someone's home, police will turn the camera off if the homeowner disapproves of its use.
Celtic have been fined £42,000 (50,000 euro) by Uefa for "illicit" banners at the home defeat by AC Milan.
Banners depicting IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands and Scottish historical figure William Wallace were on show before the Champions League match.
In a statement, Celtic warned continued misbehaviour could see them play European games behind closed doors.
Previously, "ultras" group The Green Brigade defended their right to "cultural and political expression".
Uefa rules prohibit messages of a political and ideological nature being displayed in a stadium.
The fine is the fourth time the European governing body has taken action against the Glasgow club as a result of fan indiscretions in the last two years.
Such actions must stop now, before the club receives a competitive sanction or one which would affect our supporters attending European matches. Celtic statement
Celtic were fined £12,600 (15,000 euro) two years ago after supporters chanted pro-IRA slogans during a Europa League match against Rennes.
They were then handed a further £21,000 (25,000 euro) punishment after their followers unfurled a banner criticising Uefa and set off flares during a later match in the same competition at Italian side Udinese.
Another £4,200 (5,000 euro) penalty was incurred three months ago when a firework was let off during the Champions League qualifier against Cliftonville.
Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell has accused The Green Brigade of damaging the club's reputation.
His statement read: "Clearly, it's extremely disappointing that the club must pay another sizeable penalty following the actions of a small minority, particularly given the previous assurances which were made to the club and the widespread understanding of the likely outcome of such actions.
"Regrettably, due to previous charges being brought against the club, again following the actions of a small minority, the fines imposed by Uefa are increasing in scale.
"It goes without saying that such actions must stop now, before the club receives a competitive sanction or one which would affect our supporters attending European matches."
Earlier this week, Celtic gave "precautionary suspensions" to 128 supporters preventing them from attending home and away matches following trouble at Motherwell's Fir Park, while 250 season ticket-holders - housed in section 111 (where The Green Brigade congregate) - will be moved to other parts of the ground or given refunds on season tickets.
Cell phones are accumulating a Swiss Army Knife-esqe assortment of capabilities; substituting as cameras, providing internet access, and soon operating as medical labs if Aydogan Ozcan's plans come to fruition. This month's cover article of the journal Lab on a Chip features the latest creation by the Ozcan group, a functioning prototype of a cell phone microscope. The lensless imaging platform behind the cell phone microscope is nearing readiness for real world trials, after receiving prestigious awards in the past month from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, National Geographic, and the National Science Foundation (NSF).
“Cell phones present a tremendous opportunity in Global healthcare,” remarked Ozcan, an assistant professor of electrical engineering at the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science and a researcher at UCLA's California NanoSystems Institute. “We can leverage the fact that eighty percent of the world's population lives in areas covered by cell phone networks to bridge the gaps left by a lack of health care infrastructure in developing countries.”
That lack of health care infrastructure includes not only buildings, but also trained personnel. For telemedicine tools to effectively fill in for hospitals, the devices have to meet several criteria. They must be cheap enough for widespread use in poor areas, be simple enough for a minimally trained person to correctly operate, and be able to easily transmit information over existing cellular networks. Optical microscopes, a key diagnostic tool in hospitals, are too bulky for telemedicine applications.
In optical microscopes, one of the elements which limits the miniaturization possibilities and drives up the cost is the lens. Ozcan's telemedicine microscope avoids both these constraints by capturing an image with a lensless system. This innovative engineering means that the microscope can be miniaturized (it only weighs ~1.5 ounces) to the point where it fits on most cell phones, while remaining inexpensive enough for widespread use in developing countries, costing only about ten dollars each.
Images are captured through a process called diffraction, or shadow-based, imaging. An ordinary light-emitting diode (LED) from the top illuminates the sample, and the detector array already installed in cell phone cameras captures the image, recording the patterns created by the shadows resulting from the LED light scattering off of the cells in the sample. Because cells are semi-transparent, enough information is obtained from this type of imaging to detect sub-cellular elements, and to produce holographic images. By using an inexpensive LED light instead of a laser as typically required for holographic imaging, the size and cost are further reduced.
The cell phone microscope is also easy to use, and versatile. Samples (blood smears or saliva) are loaded into single-use chips that easily slide into the side of the microscope. Because the microscope uses the entire detector array to capture an image and has a relatively large aperture, it has a wide imaging field-of-view. Samples do not need to be precisely aligned for images to be captured, and the chance of debris clogging the light source is lessened. Alternate uses of the technology include testing water quality in the field following a disaster like a hurricane or earthquake.
The lensless imaging platform is an ideal telemedicine tool because it is so easily integrated with cell phones, which are becoming cheaper to produce while gaining sophistication. Even base models in developing countries often have cameras. Ozcan's group developed an algorithm that instantly identifies and counts red and white blood cells and microparticles in samples, a time consuming process typically done by trained technicians. The image results are then sent by the cell phone to centralized hospitals for analysis by doctors. As an alternative for people whose cell phones don't have built-in cameras, Ozcan's group also created a standalone lensless microscope that only requires a USB connection for power and to upload the captured shadow images to either a laptop or cell phone for transmission.
Field tests of the cell phone microscope will begin in Africa this summer using funds received from the three major awards. In early May a proposal of Ozcan's was selected by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation for a $100,000 Grand Challenges Exploration Grant; in mid May he was selected as a National Geographic Emerging Explorer, for which he will receive $10,000; and in late May he received $400,000 for a CAREER award from the NSF.
For more information on Ozcan's research group, visit http://innovate.ee.ucla.edu/
UPDATE #3: Nate Marshall not ready to formally resign as candidate in HD-23 (h/t to Ernest Luning of the Colorado Statesman). In a diatribe posted on Marshall's website (all CAPS is how it appears on Marshall's site), the candidate says that Jeffco GOP Chair Bill Tucker "[threw] him under the bus":
I AM DONE WITH THE RACE BUT I WILL NOT FILE THE PAPERWORK UNTIL THE JEFFERSON COUNTY REPUBLICAN PARTY AND COLORADO GOP MAKE AMENDS WITH THE TEAPARTY WHO BETTER REPRESENT CONSERVATIVES THAN RINOS LIKE BILL TUCKER. WE DO NOT NEED SELLOUTS LIKE HAVE INFECTED THE STATE AND COUNTY PARTY! WE NEED TRUE CONSERVATIVES. BY STATE LAW YOU CANNOT BE REMOVED FROM A BALLOT UNLESS YOU SIGN A NOTARIZED FORM OF WHICH I POSSESS BUT HAVE DECIDED NOT TO FILE. I MAY JUST SIT ON THE DESIGNATION AND GIVE THE SEAT TO THE DEMOCRATS.. IMAGINE IF THEY GET 32-32 AND IN ORDER TO GET THE MAJORITY ALL THEY HAD TO DO WAS WELL RESPECT THAT I LEGALLY AND MORALLY HOLD ALL THE CARDS AS I WAS LEGALLY AND CONSTITUTIONALLY DESIGNATED. I DO NOT WANT TO RUN AND AM NOT BUT AM LEFT WITH LITTLE CHOICE BUT TO PROTECT MYSELF AND FUTURE OPPORTUNITIES BY STANDING UP TO THESE RINO BULLIES AS BEST I CAN.
We'll continue to update this story as it develops.
—–
UPDATE #2: The Colorado Independent confirms big news from Republican Rick Enstrom (who ran in HD-23 in 2012) that Nate Marshall was recruited to run by Tim Neville, the Republican candidate in SD-16 who has been endorsed by RMGO:
Embattled Colorado state House candidate Nathaniel Marshall was reportedly recruited to run for office by state Senate candidate Tim Neville, a prominent Colorado Republican politi close ties to far-right kingmaker Dudley Brown… …Rick Enstrom, a prominent candy business executive and onetime Republican House candidate, tweeted Wednesday that Marshall told him that he was recruited to run by Neville. Today Enstrom confirmed that assertion in a phone interview. “I'm not running for anything, and Tim Neville is a friend of mine but, hey, the facts are the facts,” he told the Colorado Independent.
This is a pretty significant twist to how a white supremacist career criminal could become the Republican nominee for House District 23. While Neville may claim that he didn't know about Marshall's past, it's hard to
believe that you could have conversations with the guy and not suspect anything strange. Anyone who followed Marshall on Facebook or Twitter would have seen some of this stuff.
—–
UPDATE: Marshall drops out of the race, telling the Denver Post, "I didn't think things through."
No shit.
—–
For anyone hoping to win a statewide election in Colorado, there is no more important county than Jefferson. In fact, it is virtually impossible to win a statewide election if you don't at least split Jefferson County. In both 2012 and 2010, no county in Colorado cast more ballots than Jefferson, and more importantly, the voter makeup of Jeffco makes it competitive for both Democrats and Republicans (unlike Denver and El Paso, for example, which are solidly Democratic and Republican counties, respectively). Republican Senate candidate Cory Gardner acknowledged as much at last Saturday's county assembly, affirming the old adage that "as Jefferson County goes, so goes the state."
But with just seven months until Election Day, the Jefferson County Republican Party is imploding.
The latest scandal in a series of problems in Jeffco comes in HD-23, where Republicans just nominated a white supremacist-sympathizer with a criminal record longer than the Party platform. Pols reader EliotFladen posted a diary about Republican candidate Nate Marshall earlier on Thursday, and here's the latest from Lynn Bartels of the Denver Post:
A Republican House candidate who has been asked to resign because of ties to white supremacists and his arrest record said sometimes he gets so frustrated he gets carried away. "I wasn't hating on anybody," Nate Marshall of Lakewood said Thursday. The 42-year-old construction manager said he had planned to disclose his arrest record on his campaign website. "I talked to a fundraiser Wednesday who said because I was going to disclose it, it would have been mitigated," Marshall said. But he said before he could do so The Denver Post on Wednesday reported on his arrest by Steamboat Springs police investigating a Craigslist rental scam, and referred to the white supremacist blog. He asked if the Post could remove its articles, noting he made restitution in the rental situation and the case was dismissed. Marshall also said he's not a white supremacist, but he is a "big fan" of a Greek group called Golden Dawn that preaches fiscal austerity. Critics have called it a neo-Nazi or fascist group, but Marshall said while it is a "little bit militant" some members have won political races.
Those paragraphs are really just the tip of the iceberg for Nate Marshall, and now Jeffco Republican Party Chair Bill Tucker is demanding his resignation just days after he was nominated to be the GOP candidate in HD-23. At Saturday's county assembly, Marshall was the only candidate who stepped forward to run in the Lakewood-area district now represented by Democrat Max Tyler. How did Marshall slip through the cracks? And can Republicans really persuade him to drop his bid for State House? After all, they did vote for him as their candidate less than a week ago, and Marshall only needs to resist their call for a few more days and he becomes their candidate by default.
All of these Republican problems take place in the midst of hand-wringing over issues such as abortion, where hard-line stances from GOP candidates are turning off Republican voters.
As if these problems weren't enough, one of the GOP's few incumbents, Rep. Justin Everett, is having all sorts of trouble in the State House and was recently removed from two committees by the House Minority Leader. And then there's the new Jefferson County School Board, which has been so blatantly corrupt that it has created a resurgence among public school advocates and PTA types — a serious problem for the GOP in a county that has historically been heavily-focused on education issues. One of the new Jeffco School Board members, Julie Williams, is Tim Neville's sister-in-law.
If Republicans can't straighten things out in Jefferson County, it could well cripple the GOP's hopes at winning statewide races for Governor and U.S. Senate. Candidates at the top of the ticket can give a boost to other hopefuls down-ballot, but it can also work in reverse; if voters are disgusted enough with their local Republicans, it will impact the final tally for Gardner and other GOP hopefuls running statewide.
Smokestack chasing. Garden cities. Tactical Urbanism. New Urbanism. Creative cities. What do all these have in common? They all reveal the greatest weakness of urban planning as a discipline. The reliance upon urban development trends, which shift every few years, has ruined neighborhoods, devastated communities, and undermined economies. Yet we keep doing it.
When I was a graduate student, sustainability was the utmost priority. And for the last few years, every planning and design firm advocates bolstering resilience as the prescriptive cure for cities ensnared by poverty, conflict, or natural disaster. But how do any of these concepts actually make a difference in the field of urban planning? While they may posit some degree of merit by creating philosophical or operational frameworks for positive action, they do far more to impend weakness upon a community.
Anyone can read a book about the creative class and push for their city to open more coffee shops and tattoo parlors. But an urban planner is trained to measure problems so as to determine solutions, not just impose preconceived ideologies upon a space or population. Measurement is the core of urban planning. The ability to fuse social, economic, spatial, environmental, and cultural data into an observable model provides planners the ability to determine structural weaknesses in a community. These structural weaknesses may be offset through direct internal realignment, manipulation of broader legal frameworks, or offset by outside interventions. But the application of broad concepts as a cure-all is not a solution, it simply is a waste of resources, or at worst, an act of imperialism.
Certainly urban planning trends are drawn from observable social processes. And many of the ideas, such as sustainability, are not bad things on first review. But when New York city planner Robert Moses proposed putting a highway through East Village, he was simply subscribing to the values of the day. He believed that cars and highways were positive tools of progress. He believed that the old communities were dirty and backward. He was doing the residents of the East Village a favor by installing this highway, to connect them to all of New York and the rest of America. It never occurred to him that they would want, or deserve, something different.
One of my first projects as an urban planner was to conduct an impact analysis for a wind turbine farm in rural West Virginia. Thousands of acres of virgin forest were to be destroyed to install wind turbines which would route the power to New Jersey. The residents of the local community were outraged. Yet entrapped by poverty, these residents did not own the land around them. It was the property of coal companies and the US government. They could no nothing but watch their lands be destroyed. New Jersey of course didn't mind ruining one community to facilitate its own energy needs. After all, wind energy is sustainable.
What we as urban planners believe to be true and good in ideology can just as likely wield a terribly destructive power. In that regard, is it not better to forgo all ideologies? Perhaps it is better to attend the intricacies of measuring complex systems. We must recognize that every method of measurement imposes a value upon the outcome, and so we must place greater attention and selectivity upon this primary step in the planning process. If a given system of measurement works in one location, it will not necessarily work in another. So how then can we presume that outputs are transferable?
Good urban planners will not invent the wheel every time they approach a settlement. They will aslo not limit themselves to particular methods or ideology. In the same way a good musician will not say simply "I am a jazz guitarist" or "I am a rock guitarist," rather, a good musician will study all forms of music so at the moment of performance he may play freely, not thinking about "I must infuse a minor third on the next note to get a given result." When trapped by conventions such as style or planning trends, the intentional application of convention will undermine the effectiveness of the final product. Urban planners trained measuring and respond will forever create better solutions for community problems than those who apply preconceived notions of community or development.
Aaron Loup, who was absent from his club's Game 4 win at Globe Life Park, won't be available to pitch out of the Toronto Blue Jays' bullpen in a deciding Game 5 on Wednesday.
Manager John Gibbons told reporters the left-hander is still dealing with a family matter.
The absence of Loup puts the Blue Jays in a tricky situation, leaving them with starter David Price as the only lefty option available.
Gibbons sounded skeptical when asked about utilizing Price, who threw 50 pitches Monday.
"I have a conscience. I'm not going to abuse him," Gibbons told reporters. "It's not fair to him."
The manager did say right-hander Marco Estrada will be available out of the bullpen if needed.
Loup, 27, has been spotless in two appearances in the postseason thus far after a shaky regular season that saw his ERA rise to a career-worst 4.46 in 60 appearances.
Contrary to popular belief, HDL cholesterol isn't always good for your heart. A new study published by Harvard researchers describes how some high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterols may contain a small protein, apolipoprotein C-III, which increases the risk of heart disease.
A new study by Harvard School of Public Health (HSPH) researchers has found that a subclass of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, the so-called good cholesterol, may not protect against coronary heart disease (CHD) and in fact may be harmful.
This is the first study to show that a small protein, apolipoprotein C-III (apoC-III), that sometimes resides on the surface of HDL cholesterol may increase the risk of heart disease and that HDL cholesterol without this protein may be especially heart protective.
The study was published in an online issue of the Journal of the American Heart Association.
“This finding, if confirmed in ongoing studies, could lead to better evaluation of risk of heart disease in individuals and to more precise targeting of treatments to raise the protective HDL or lower the unfavorable HDL with apoC-III,” said Frank Sacks, professor of cardiovascular disease prevention at HSPH and senior author of the study.
A high level of HDL cholesterol is strongly predictive of a low incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD). But trials of drugs that increase HDL cholesterol have not consistently shown decreases in CHD, leading to the hypothesis that HDL cholesterol may contain both protective and nonprotective components.
ApoC-III, a proinflammatory protein, resides on the surface of some lipoproteins — both HDL and low-density lipoproteins, or LDL (bad) cholesterol. The researchers, led by Sacks and Majken Jensen, research associate in the Department of Nutrition at HSPH, examined whether the existence or absence of apoC-III on HDL cholesterol affected the good cholesterol's heart-protective qualities, and whether its existence could differentiate HDL cholesterol into two subclasses — those which protect against the risk of future heart disease and those which do not.
Blood samples collected in 1989 and 1990 from 32,826 women in the Harvard-affiliated Brigham and Women's Hospital-based Nurses' Health Study were examined, along with blood samples collected from 1993 to 1995 from 18,225 men in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study. During 10 to 14 years of follow-up, 634 cases of coronary heart disease were documented and matched with controls for age, smoking, and date of blood drawing.
The researchers compared plasma concentrations of total HDL, HDL that has apoC-III, and HDL without apoC-III as predictors of the risk of CHD.
After adjusting for age, smoking status, and other dietary and lifestyle cardiovascular risk factors, the researchers found that two different subclasses of HDL have opposite associations with the risk of CHD in apparently healthy men and women. The major HDL type, which lacks apoC-III, had the expected heart-protective association with CHD. But the small fraction (13 percent) of HDL cholesterol that has apoC-III present on its surface was paradoxically associated with a higher, not lower, risk of future CHD. Those men and women who had HDL apoC-III in the highest 20 percent of the population had a 60 percent increased risk of CHD.
The results suggest that measuring HDL apoC-III and HDL without apoC-III rather than the simpler measure of total HDL may be a better gauge of heart disease risk (or of HDL's protective capacity). “Reduction in HDL-apoC-III by diet or drug treatments may become an indicator of efficacy,” said Jensen.
The study was supported by the National Institutes of Health and the Villum Kann Rasmussen Foundation (Denmark).
Image: File photo by Justin Ide/Harvard Staff Photographer
Fun to watch, if you like unhinged diatribes from Jesus-loving cops:
The spittle-spewing gentleman is Dan Page of the St. Louis County Police Department, addressing a gathering of Oath Keepers — and yes, you heard him just fine. In talking about his apparently beleaguered religious liberty, he alleges
There's a couple out there in New Mexico right now that are being prosecuted and put out of business and were arrested because they refused to take pictures of sodomites. What about my freedom of religion from that?
That's a reference to the wedding photographer who declined to take a female same-sex couple as clients. Here are the facts of the case. Surprise: the photographer in question was neither arrested nor prosecuted.
Page also has a problem with women in the military:
You got women trying to be — by the way, and I deeply resent this, we've had our first female Green Beret… we have our first female ranger. What happened here? Something's wrong.
Page again:
You have persecution, prosecution … the final phase is execution.
Now he's rambling about Muslims (all of whom, he says, are itching to cut your head off) and how their end-times arrival was foreshadowed by the biblical tale of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. One of those supernatural cowboys is said to ride a pale horse that Page assumes is actually green. Guess what? Green is the color of Islam. Uncanny!
Obama is allowing hundreds of thousands of them to come in every week.
Muslims, not Horsemen. So that would be more than 10 million Muslim immigrants a year at a minimum; at least 80 million over the course of the President's two terms. Who knew? (The most plausible number of Muslims in the United States is around three million , but I concede that there could be at least another 80 million of them — equal to one quarter of the known U.S. population — who are being trained in secret FEMA camps, probably by African death squads under the control of Obama's Kenyan relatives.)
In a longer cut of the video, at 2:37, Page can also be heard to unabashedly offer this statement:
I personally believe that Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior. But I'm also a killer. I've killed a lot. And if I need to, I'll kill a whole bunch more. If you don't want to get killed, don't show up in front of me.
Oath Keepers, by the way, claim to be
… a non-partisan association of current and formerly serving military, reserves, National Guard, veterans, Peace Officers, and firefighters who will fulfill the Oath we swore, with the support of like minded citizens who take an Oath to stand with us, to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, so help us God. Our Oath is to the Constitution.
If you're a woman, a Muslim, or gay, do you reckon that when officer Page encounters you, he'll defend your constitutional rights?
The St. Louis police department is not sure about that either, and, on the basis of his out-to-lunch speech, has suspended Page pending the outcome of an investigation that will likely include a psychiatric evaluation and a good deal of scrutiny by Internal Affairs.
Donald Trump will head to Cleveland for the 2016 Republican National Convention later this month. | AP Photo Trump: I'll reveal 'totally filled' convention speaking spots next week
Donald Trump says he has lined up all the speakers for the 2016 Republican National Convention — and will reveal them next week.
The party's presumptive nominee tweeted Saturday that speaking slots for the upcoming convention in Cleveland are "totally filled," and there's a "long" waiting list of more speakers.
Story Continued Below
Trump indicated that a list of speakers would be released on Wednesday.
Trump previously announced a line-up of speakers including former sports stars, many of which later said they had not been contacted about speaking roles.
Earlier this week, POLITICO reached out to 50 prominent Republicans regarding their plans to attend and/or speak at the event. Few said they were interested in attending.
A story in the New York Times published Friday detailing a lack of planning and organization for the convention also revealed, via two unnamed aides, that Trump was unaware the event must take place in Cleveland — a site the Republican National Committee settled on nearly two years ago.
Trump took to Twitter on Saturday morning to reject that.
"Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware 'the event had to be held in Cleveland' - a total lie. These people are sick!"
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah - A giant water slide will return to the streets of Salt Lake City this summer.
The Salt Lake County Board of Health approved the "Slide the City" event again but with several conditions this year.
It was a close vote, 7 to 5, to give the slide a green light.
Health officials said they have several concerns including people getting hurt.
They cited injuries from similar recent events across the country.
In Pittsburgh another rider hit a girl and caused her to lose two teeth.
Four people in Florida went to the hospital for broken bones and chest pain after crashing into other riders.
But organizers said they have made significant changes since last year's event that should keep the riders safe.
Participants must now sign waivers that require them to wear helmets and mouth guards.
Also, riders may not stand up but go down the padded slide in a tube.
"It's no different than skiing down a slope or doing one of these mud races," Slide the City organizer David Wulf said. "There's just inherent risks and we try to mitigate that as much as possible and do the best we can with it."
One of the board's other big concerns is the water itself.
Authorities are questioning where the 6,000 to 9,000 gallons of recirculated water is going to come from and how it will be treated.
Also, where will the waste water be disposed?
"The board I think sent the message that they want to see a variance granted given that Slide the City can meet those requirements and they've indicated that they can," Salt Lake County Health Dept. Executive Director Gary Edwards Said.
The board can cancel the event if promoters don't follow through on the health guidelines.
Changes "Slide the City" must make include adding extra staff along the slide and providing changing rooms.
The slide promoters have offered to pay for a health inspector to oversee the water testing.
If all requirements are met, "Slide the City" should be up and running Aug. 22.
MORE: Click here for complete details on "Slide the City" in SLC
I've caught some heat over my new interest in radio controlled flying. Opening packages containing toy quadcopters and talking about going to R/C club meetings has garnered reactions from my colleagues and family ranging from “that's cute” or “you're a huge nerd” to “you owe me big time for dragging me to this”.
I've always had an interest in airplanes and flight. In senior year of high school in the guidance counselor's office I researched schools and career tracks to become a commercial pilots. I joined the Air Force ROTC at Michigan State, but quickly realized that a military life wasn't what my 19 year-old boy brain wanted.
Many years later I'm bringing together two of my passions in a new hobby — flight and photography. My ultimate goal is to do aerial photography and video.
Recently I attended a meeting of the Hamburg Flyers R/C Club. They invited the public to a family picnic where they had a meeting and some of the members flew their aircraft. I was able to see quite a variety at this event including propeller electric powered foam planes to electric turbine jets, a large-scale gas replica and an expertly piloted stunt helicopter.
I've put in my application for membership in both the Hamburg Flyers and bought a three-month membership in the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA).
My current aircraft is a WL Toys Cyclone 262 quadcopter. It's friendly to novice flyers and inexpensive at $61 on Amazon. It flies easily right out of the box after a quick charge of the battery. I intend to eventually get a DJI Phantom 2 with a gimbal stabilizer and GoPro. At close to $1000 investment and legislation pending to reverse the FCC ban on commercial drone flight and first person video (FPV) I may be waiting a while to take the next step. I encourage anyone interested in this hobby to check out this video from Flite Test on YouTube explaining the ban and how you can let the FCC know why it should be reversed.
Related: Michigan Scraps Drone Delivery Of Game Ball
Stirring Final Stage Of Brewster-Douglass Buildings Demolition Documented By Time-lapse, Drone Video
I've had two opportunities to take control of planes in mid-air and they were some of the most exhilarating moments of my life. The first time was with the ROTC in a single engine Cessna and the other was with my late neighbor Stan Cupp in his Beechcraft Bonanza. Stan later died in a crash flying the same aircraft on a familiar trip between Michigan and Florida. I use this tragedy as a reminder of how flight rewarding endeavors that should come with a healthy fear and respect. Even model flight can cause injury on the ground and in the air. The operators have to go through checklists in much the same way as a manned flight. The Hamburg Flyers have a safety officer who watches over all procedures and activities at the field.
The group meets on the second Tuesday of each month at a miniature airstrip at the back of the Manly W. Bennett Memorial Park (10405 Merrill Road Hamburg, MI)
Learn more about membership and subscribe to their newsletter at hamburgflyers.org.
George Fox is a Spartan, a Michigander, and Web Producer for CBS 62/CW50 in Detroit. When I'm not working on content for the CBS Local websites, I'm probably hanging out on the boat, at deer camp or spending quality time with the fam. Follow George on Twitter @GeorgeJFox.
on •
Click on any image to see larger photographs.
Click on any image to see larger photos. Bronze Buddha, Shinkoji, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Bronze Gate, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Iyeyasu Temple, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Katase Temple, Japan 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Nishi Honganji, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Shiba Temple, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Sandai Shiogun, Japan1865 Daibutsu, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Inside Temple, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Toshioagu Temple, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Yushioin Temple, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Revolving Lantern, Japan1865 Buddhist Temple, Japan 1865 Large Bell at Daibutsu, Japan. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) Daibutsu. 1865 Photograph, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA)
You can see many more of this wonderful photograph on the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) website.
Categories: Art, Chan / Seon / Zen, Encyclopedia, History, News & events
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio — When the gunman showed up at the hospital, Mike McDorman raised his handgun, took aim and shot the guy. He did the same when an impaired driver stepped out of a vehicle and aimed his way.
Then, having dealt with a handful of these tense scenarios in just a few minutes, he handed the gun back to a sheriff's deputy and walked out of the police shooting simulator with a relieved smile.
"I'm a mess. Sweaty!" said McDorman, the local chamber of commerce president, who acknowledged he shot an innocent person in one scene. "I'm not quitting my day job."
McDorman was among dozens of people who took aim in a firearms training simulator placed at a county fair by a sheriff who hoped to help citizens better understand how quickly police must make life-or-death decisions. Some participants saw value in the exercise as police around the country face increased scrutiny for shootings, especially those involving unarmed black men.
That's the educational effect Sheriff Deborah Burchett hoped for when she rented the simulator to offer as a free exhibit at this week's Clark County Fair. Her staff built a darkened room for it, right between booths for a golf cart raffle, an anti-abortion group, a cellphone company and the National Guard.
The operators estimated at least a couple hundred people tried the simulator in the first three days, plus deputies, local officials and fair officials who took turns before the fair opening each day.
Participants see realistic scenes such as school shootings and domestic disputes projected onto a screen from an officer's perspective. Participants hold a modified gun that shoots air, and a computer tracks their shots at the suspect on the screen, showing splatters of red when one is hit.
Seeing a kill shot in her second try on the simulator left 30-year-old Melissa Tuttle wondering how she'd react if the situation were real.
"I don't know if I could walk home that night and be OK," said Tuttle, a former defense attorney and now county clerk whose father was a sheriff's deputy. For civilians, she said, the simulator seems to be a deterrent to after-the-fact armchair policing in real life.
Frank Robinette noted he'd have ended up dead after reacting too slowly in one scenario. The 50-year-old gun owner from Springfield called it a big eye-opener.
"I'm glad I didn't become a police officer," he said.
The sheriff's office said participants' responses to the exhibit have been almost unanimously supportive, aside from a few teenagers' complaints about not being allowed to try it. Burchett limited it to adults out of concern about how it might affect youngsters.
Burchett said she thinks it's worth every penny of the $3,000-plus she paid to rent the equipment from Tactical Edge Protective Services, a Warsaw, Indiana, business run by an officer who mostly rents the high-tech equipment for law enforcement training.
Participant Scott Greene, a 30-year-old Springfield insurance agent, saw value in it, too, in the context of police shootings making headlines around the country.
He said officers sometimes make mistakes, "but it's very easy for people to say this is how I would have acted." Going through the simulator, he said, shows it might not be that simple.
Billionaire Boys Club Europe is set to present its 2017 fall collection during the upcoming Paris Men's Fashion Week from January 17-22. In anticipation of the debut, we are given an exclusive look at the aerospace-themed collection. This time, the streetwear brand's signature take on striking graphics and all-over prints is dominated by space photography and the brand's interest in NASA and manned spaceflight. The collection boasts a selection of T-shirts, military-inspired jackets, down quilted outerwear, oversized fleeces and Space-Camo jerseys. Standout pieces include the reflective hooded jacket, Space-Camo waffle-lined hoodies, black wool varsity jacket with chain stitch artwork, and the all-over galaxy print Puffa jacket. Take a look at the Billionaire Boys Club Europe 2017 Fall collection above, which will be available later this year. Stay tuned for more details on the retail price and release date.
Fortnite Battle Royale Boasts Huge Player Count on Sunday
The developers of Fornite have recently dropped some stats for the game's Battle Royale mode, and some of the early results are extremely impressive.
Fortnite BR Sunday Update: 525K PCU and 3.7M DAU (NA, EU, OCE)! Thanks everyone! — Fortnite (@FortniteGame) October 9, 2017
According to the tweet above, Fortnite Battle Royale saw a whopping 525,000 PCU (Peak Cocurrent Users) and 3.7 million DAU (Daily Active Users) on Sunday alone. For those unaware, concurrent users are how many people were online at the same time, while daily active users are just how many total people played. Regardless, these are some ridiculously great stats for a game mode that hasn't been out for all that long.
While it still doesn't quite hold a candle to the likes of PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, it is impressive nonetheless. Needless to say, it's been an odd pivot for Fortnite, as it seems the game is gaining more popularity thanks to its Battle Royale mode than anything else. If you somehow haven't heard of Fortnite Battle Royale, check out this helpful FAQ from Epic Games:
What's Fortnite Battle Royale?
It's a 100-player PvP mode in Fortnite that will be free for everybody on Sept. 26. One giant map. A battle buses. Fortnite building skills and destructible environments combined with intense PvP combat. The last one standing wins. So, what's the catch?
No catch. Fortnite Battle Royale is free and we will not sell items that give a competitive advantage. At some point in the future we will sell other things including cosmetics or compendium-like content. Squads are Coming!
On September 26, Fortnite Battle Royale will introduce squads. Also, we're working to improve the feel of combat, controls, weapons, movement and inventory. “Save the World” PvE Updates
Fortnite's “Save the World” PvE campaign remains in paid Early Access and we have lots of great updates in the works including the previously announced “Block Party” mode and some spooky October content. How Can I Play?
On September 26, Battle Royale will be available as a free download on the Epic Games PC launcher, PlayStation Store and Xbox Store.
Fortnite Battle Royale is available now for free on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
NEW DELHI: Interrogation of AAP MLA Manoj Kumar, who was taken on a two-day police remand, has revealed that he was involved in a case of stabbing a man in 1998, but his father managed to go for an out-of-court settlement with the victim. Police have called the victim to record his statement.Manoj had admitted himself to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital immediately after he was sent to police custody. He was first referred to GB Pant Hospital and later sent to AIIMS after he complained of headache and chest pain on Friday but doctors discharged him after a checkup. Police sources say that in 1998, Manoj was student at a college in Delhi University and used to stay in a house in Kalyanpuri with his family. His father was a sub-inspector.Kumar had a fight with an electrician named Subhash Chand. Manoj initially resolved the matter but allegedly attacked him with a knife later, Chand says. Chand had to be admitted to a hospital with severe injuries and a case of attempt to murder was registered. Kumar was arrested.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has been dropping hints that he will leave his post in September should negotiations with Israel not resume by then, and should there be no agreement about the establishment of a Palestinian state.
During a meeting in Ramallah with members of the Council for Peace and Security (who include former top IDF officers ), Abbas declared that the PA intends to work toward the establishment of a Palestinian state, and to win Israeli recognition for such a state. However, he indicated, if no accord is reached between the two sides, and if serious talks do not resume, the PA will turn to the UN General Assembly in September and request recognition of an independent Palestinian state.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas Reuters
Asked about possible scenarios following such a UN vote, Abbas claimed he is deliberately maintaining ambiguity on this issue. Yet, he said, "should we return [from the United Nations] empty-handed, we will convene a meeting of the Palestinian leadership and decide what to do. We have autonomous rule, but we don't have independence. There is and isn't occupation. The [Israeli occupiers] can come at any moment. They can invade our territories. They can do anything. They can even stop me, as head of the PA, from going home."
"So what are we supposed to do?" he asked. "What should be our answer, if we have lost all hope? I can't respond to that."
Abbas reiterated that the PA will only turn to the UN General Assembly if it runs out of all other options.
"If you [Israelis] do not want negotiations, and don't want an accord, then what are we supposed to do?" he said. "We have imposed order and security here for the past four years, and things are stable now: There is law and order, the economy is progressing, life is normal everywhere in the West Bank. Please, you must take advantage of the opportunity to continue [with talks]. If [the Israelis] don't want [talks], then we will leave. We will leave."
When asked by Haaretz whether he means by these statements that the Palestinian Authority will be disassembled, Abbas responded that he did not say that. He clarified that under the present circumstances, the question "why continue this way" is asked repeatedly.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
"Coneheads" is yet another film based on a recurring Saturday Night Live sketch. At the time of its release, it was the third SNL-based movie created following "The Blues Brothers" (1980) and "Wayne's World" (1992). While not as funny as the aforementioned films, it is only a notch below them. Worse SNL movies were to come (i.e. "It's Pat: The Movie" (1994), "A Night At The Roxbury" (1999)), but "Coneheads" stands today as a very funny mix of comedy and science fiction.
The early Saturday Night Live sketches vaguely explained how the Coneheads came to Earth. Most of its humor came from the fact that the humans, or "blunt skulls", never suspected the Coneheads to be aliens from another planet, despite the oh-so obviously large foreheads. The fact that their last names are "Conehead" never seems to counter Earthlings' obliviousness, either. This movie takes some of its humor from the humans' obvious lack of observational skills, but it's really Dan Aykroyd and Jane Curtan's consistent disappearance into this character that really makes the movie funny. They talk in monotone voices and spew out complicated alien jargon without missing a beat, and they use the film's special effects to their advantage.
I also liked how, because the last Coneheads sketch was 14 years prior to this movie's release, the movie started from the beginning, explaining how Beldar (Aykroyd) and Prymatt (Curtan) landed on Earth in modern-day America, and worked their way from a hotel room to the projects to the suburbs. While I missed Laraine Newman as Connie (although Newman does make an appearance as Laarta, another Conehead in a later scene), it made perfect sense to have a younger, teenage Connie (Michelle Burke) with an American accent. Although the subplot where she begins dating 29-year-old mechanic Ronnie (Chris Farley) still seems creepy to me, considering her character was supposed to be 15 or 16, I thought Burke added a really nice touch to what could have been a Dan Aykroyd impersonation.
The main conflict of the film served as an interesting analogy to illegal immigration, but had some definite plot holes. You find out in the film that Beldar and Prymatt land on Earth accidentally, and stay not because they want to, but because a rescue ship will take seven Zerl's to reach them. According to a site I found using Google (www.tvacres.com/languages_scifi_conehead.htm), one Zerl is equal to approximately 2.17 Earth years, thereby making their stay just over 15 years. Based on that fact, a giant plot hole emerges when INS agents and antagonists Gorman Seedling (Michael McKean) and Eli Turnbull (David Spade) don't age at all over that time period.
Also, near the end, the rescue ship finally comes for the Coneheads, and it seems to take about a day to travel back to Remulak, their native planet. Although I thought the home planet in this movie was among the coolest parts, I still could not get over that plot hole. Why it took over a decade and a half to bring a ship over, yet it didn't take that long to go from Earth to Remulak and back, is never explained, and weakens the story a bit.
However, other parts in the film otherwise made me laugh. The best parts were when the Coneheads interacted with humans in the outside world. Also, perhaps better than any other SNL movie to date, having numerous former and (then) current Not Ready For Primetime Players in various roles large and small served as a great tribute to "Saturday Night Live". There were also a few cameos from then-unknown stand-up comedians who would go on to be big stars (Ellen DeGeneres, Drew Carey, Eddie Griffin).
"The Blues Brothers", "Wayne's World", and "Wayne's World 2" (1993) were hard movies to top, but "Coneheads", while not great, is pretty funny, and miles away from the notoriously bad SNL movies that were to come. It suffered mostly from its story line, but otherwise used special effects wisely to effectively elicit laughs. It's a good movie to watch after you have consumed mass quantities and want to get a good laugh while you digest.
The Dumont Dunes near Death Valley are a popular playground for off-road vehicle fans, who come here -- sometimes in large groups -- to race their machines up and down the sandy slopes. Early this morning, an enthusiastic group gathered in the southwest section of the dunes watching an off-road vehicle do just that. But there was something unusual about this group, and about the vehicle they'd brought with them. It wasn't a run-of-the-mill ORV they piloted through the Dumont Dunes. This vehicle, or its twin, anyway, is about to go as far off-road as a vehicle can get. The group was from Pasadena's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and their ride was dubbed "Scarecrow," a sibling of the Mars Rover Curiosity set to land on Mars in late summer.
In early August, as part of the Mars Science Laboratory mission launched last November, an orbiter will drop Curiosity inside Gale Crater on the Martian equator. Mission planners are aiming for a landing site on an oddly colored patch of soil that scientists believe may be an ancient dry lake, near Mount Sharp, which seems to possess rock layers similar to those laid down in bodies of water on earth. Areologists hope to find signs of microbial life, learn more about the long evolution of the Martian landscape and atmosphere, and gather other data that may help eventual human missions to the planet.
Mars Science Laboratory is part of NASA's Mars Exploration Program, managed by JPL. Mission staff at JPL expect Curiosity to encounter terrain very similar to terrestrial dunes in Gale Crater, so they brought Scarecrow to the Dumont Dunes to give rover operators a little more data to aid in negotiating the sand traps of the Red Planet.
Curiosity (and Scarecrow, for that matter) is about ten feet long: twice the length of the largest previous Mars rover. The Mars-bound version has a mast-mounted system with a two-megapixel still- and video camera, as well as what JPL is calling the "Chem-Cam," an innocuous name for a laser that vaporizes rock samples from up to 30 feet away, then analyzes the vapor and dust to determine its chemical makeup. It also sports a forward robotic arm, with tools for handling and manipulating samples of Martian rock and soil, and then analyzing them for chemical makeup and signs of life. All of this is supported in insectoid fashion on a chassis with six long articulated legs, with wheels at the ends about a foot in diameter. Curiosity's operators designed the wheel treads to include a repeating pattern, so that scientists examining images from Curiosity can gauge distances by counting the treadmarks across the surface. That repeating pattern is a bit of old-style school spirit: "JPL" in Morse Code.
There are a few major differences between Curiosity and Scarecrow. With a mass of around 900 kilograms, Curiosity weighs in, on Earth, at just over 1,900 pounds. Mars gravity is a bit more than one third Earth's, so Scarecrow's handlers pared its weight down to around 750 pounds to better simulate interaction between the rover and the sandy terrain expected for Curiosity. That means no camera equipment, no robot arm, and no ChemCam to vaporize suspicious rock samples at the Dumont Dunes.
That's okay: JPL staff have enough work to do just seeing how Scarecrow moves. As the rover turns painstakingly slowly on a stretch of dune with a mild slope, JPL roboticist Jaret Matthews watches data accumulate on a laptop screen. "We don't have GPS on Mars, so we won't be able to pinpoint Curiosity's location as precisely as we could here on Earth," says Matthews. "The rover knows how many degrees it's turned and how much its wheels have rotated, but that doesn't necessarily translate to how much the rover will actually have moved, especially on sandy surfaces."
To prepare for this, the JPL crew has surrounded Scarecrow with half a dozen motion capture cameras, essentially the same technology used to convey lifelike motion in animated films. Odd grey globular protrusions the size of softballs stick up from Scarecrow's frame, giving the cameras something to resolve.
"We're taking Scarecrow to different sections of the dunes with differing slopes, and collecting information on how it actually moves in all those different conditions," Matthews says. "That will allow us to anticipate how Curiosity will move in similar conditions on Mars."
However Curiosity moves, it will do so slowly. Its designers have given it -- and its earthbound twin -- a top speed of about 0.02 miles per hour. To put that into perspective, the distance an average person could walk in a leisurely minute would take Curiosity or Scarecrow more than an hour and a half to cover. It's hard to imagine just how slow that really is until you see it for yourself:
It's not the the kind of speed one generally thinks of in the context of space exploration, but given the distance between Mars and Earth, and the consequent radio communications lag between Earth and Curiosity's onboard systems, it makes sense. Were a Martian to jaywalk in front of the rover JPL wouldn't see it for anywhere from four to 20 minutes, depending on our planets relative positions, and it would take just as long for Curiosity to know JPL had hit the brakes in response.
So Curiosity will move slowly, and engineers have given the rover a bit of navigational autonomy to make up for the delay introduced by the speed of light. "We're not going to be joysticking this one," laughs Matthews. "It'll be more like us telling Curiosity 'We want you to be over there in 24 hours,' and Curiosity will figure out the best way to get there in the interim. And if it encounters an unanticipated navigational hazard, it's programmed to take the most prudent action in the circumstances, including just stopping and waiting for new instructions."
Curiosity's landing August 6 will kick off an on-ground mission at least one Martian year long. (That's 687 of your Earth days.) In that time mission staff expect Curiosity will cover up to a dozen miles of ground -- very, very slowly. Right now, Curiosity and the Mars Science Laboratory are approaching Mars at about 13,000 miles per hour. After a trip at speeds like that, a slow saunter around the surface of Mars will likely be a nice break.
You can keep tabs on Curiosity's progress at the Mars Science Laboratory site or by following the rover on Twitter.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 21, 2016, 2:24 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 21, 2016, 2:24 PM GMT / Source: Associated Press
Texas put Planned Parenthood on notice Tuesday it plans to cut off Medicaid funds soon.
It's a move that federal judges have blocked in other Republican-controlled states, which are now waiting to see if President-elect Donald Trump will strip the organization of taxpayer money.
Planned Parenthood responded by vowing to ask a court to stop Texas from defunding clinics in January. Arkansas, Mississippi, Louisiana and Kansas are among the states where judges have denied similar efforts.
Pro-choice activists hold signs in front of the U.S. Supreme Court on Jan. 22, 2014 on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C. Alex Wong / Getty Images
Planned Parenthood says its clinics serve nearly 11,000 women in Texas each year through Medicaid. Republican Gov. Greg Abbott pledged to kick Planned Parenthood out of the state's Medicaid program more than a year ago, joining other socially conservative governors who took similar steps in 2015, when an anti-abortion rights group released heavily edited and secretly recorded videos that it claimed showed Planned Parenthood officials profiting from sales of fetal tissue for medical research.
Related: Women's Groups Challenge New Texas Abortion Law
Investigations by 13 states have been concluded without charges of wrongdoing, although a congressional panel headed by anti-abortion rights members is still investigating. Texas' final notice to Planned Parenthood comes at a time when the 100-year-old organization is simultaneously fighting to stop Congress from also cutting off taxpayer dollars.
"Texas is a cautionary tale for the rest of the nation. With this action, the state is doubling down on reckless policies that have been absolutely devastating for women," Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards said.
Texas Health and Human Services Inspector General Stuart Bowen referenced the videos as "the basis for your termination" in his letter to Planned Parenthood. He accused Planned Parenthood of "misrepresentations," a charge that other states have also lobbed against the group.
Related: Abortion Laws Tumble Across the Country
Planned Parenthood strongly denied the allegations and a Texas grand jury indicted the group that released the videos. But charges were later dismissed. Planned Parenthood announced in October that it will no longer accept reimbursement for the costs involved in providing fetal tissue to researchers.
Planned Parenthood is the nation's largest abortion provider but receives no public funding in Texas for those services.
The U.S. Supreme Court earlier this year struck down a sweeping anti-abortion law in Texas that would have left only 10 abortion clinics open in a state of 27 million people. Mere days after that ruling, Texas announced plans to require the burial or cremation of fetal remains, rules that a federal judge in Austin put on hold last week.
Trump sent mixed signals during his campaign about Planned Parenthood, saying it helped "millions of women" while also endorsing plans to defund it. One of Trump's first defining acts as president next year could come on long-sought efforts in the GOP-controlled Congress to scuttle taxpayer money for Planned Parenthood.
MISSING IN ACTION: Conrad Smith will definitely miss the All Blacks' first two Rugby Championship matches and could miss more after undergoing procedures on a detatched retina.
All Blacks centre Conrad Smith has had eye surgery to repair a detached retina and will miss at least the first two tests of the Rugby Championship.
It emerged yesterday that Smith went under the knife twice last week to repair damage to his left eye suffered in the Hurricanes' final Super Rugby match of the season against the Chiefs.
It's unclear when Smith will return to the field and although Hurricanes doctor Ian Murphy said the procedures, on Tuesday and Friday, went well, it would mean no training for the next six weeks.
That means Smith will definitely miss the All Blacks' Bledisloe Cup tests against Australia in Sydney and Auckland.
The earliest he could return would be for the September 8 test against Argentina in Wellington, but that may be a stretch after such a long time out.
Smith's absence will leave a hole in the All Blacks' midfield stocks, already affected by the pending departure of Japan-bound Sonny Bill Williams and the ongoing injury woes of Richard Kahui.
The immediate question is whether coach Steve Hansen will call in cover.
Second five-eighth is not a major issue, with Ma'a Nonu ready to return and Tamati Ellison and Dan Carter both capable in the role.
However, so strong has Smith's hold been on the No 13 jersey in recent times, there are no compelling test options in his class ready to step in.
The most obvious options are to push Nonu out a spot, or hand the role to Ellison, who did a good job off the bench against Ireland during the third test in Hamilton.
The alternative is to bring in a new midfielder.
An early hint at contingency plans could come as early as Sunday, with a 20 to 30-strong wider training squad to be named for a two-day camp in Wellington next week.
It may be a chance to look more closely at the likes of Hurricane Tim Bateman, or Crusaders Ryan Crotty and Robbie Fruean.
The availability of the Crusaders and Chiefs players for next week's camp will, of course, depend on the result of tomorrow's Super Rugby semifinal.
Hansen used 30 players against the Irish, but will name only 28 for the Rugby Championship, a squad set to be announced on August 5.
He may well feel he has enough cover in the backs, provided there are no further injuries, from those used against Ireland.
It is understood Highlanders utility Ben Smith is seen as a test option at centre, and if so Hansen may feel he has things covered.
A starting midfield of Nonu and Ellison, with Ben Smith and Aaron Cruden in the reserves, would cover all eventualities, considering Dan Carter can also shift out a position from first five-eighth.
What is certain is that Williams and lock Ali Williams will be missing from the squad that played Ireland last month.
Williams' injured knee could see a fourth lock called up to join Sam Whitelock, Brodie Retallick and Luke Romano, with Highlander Jarred Hoeata and Hurricane Jason Eaton options.
Environmental and public interest groups filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the U.S. Forest Service, claiming it broke federal laws by allowing Nestlé to pipe out millions of gallons of water from California's San Bernardino National Forest. The group has alleged that the Swiss food and beverage giant has been allowed to operate on a permit that expired nearly three decades ago.
The suit filed by three plaintiffs -- Story of Stuff Project, the Center for Biological Diversity and the Courage Campaign Institute -- claims that Nestlé's permit expired in 1988, but it has been still removing between 50 million and 150 million gallons of water each year from the southern Californian forest to use in its bottled water brand, Arrowhead 100% Mountain Spring Water, the Guardian reported. The organizations have demanded the U.S. Forest Service to turn off the water spigot and conduct a permit review, which would analyze the impact of the company's actions on the environment.
“They are taking water from a national forest that desperately needs that water,” Michael O'Heaney, executive director at the Story of Stuff, a group that advocates to clean up consumer culture, told the Guardian, adding: “The Forest Service is obligated by law to ensure the natural resources of the forest are protected.”
California is tackling a record-breaking drought, which has entered its fourth year and has led to compulsory water restrictions in the state. Earlier this year, companies including Nestlé, the Coca-Cola Co. and Starbucks Corp. were targeted by residents in the state, demanding that they stop bottling water during the drought. While Starbucks agreed to move the bottling of its Ethos brand out of the state, Tim Brown, CEO of Nestlé Waters North America, wrote in an op-ed for the Sun in April that the company's water usage in the state was minimal.
“Nestlé Waters operates five California bottling facilities, using a total of 705m gallons of water per year. To put that amount in perspective, this is roughly equal to the annual average watering needs of two California golf courses,” Brown wrote.
The lawsuit named Regional Forester Randy Moore and San Bernardino National Forest Supervisor Jody Noiron as the defendants, USA Today reported. However, Nestlé Waters North America was not named in the suit.
Eddie Kurtz, environmental director at the Courage Campaign Institute, said, according to the Guardian: “We believe that Nestlé's actions aren't just morally bankrupt, they are illegal,” adding: “Quite simply we'd like to see Nestlé stop taking California's public water and turning it into private profit when there is no water to spare.”
The groups also said in the lawsuit, cited by USA Today, that the “removal of large amounts of water at the highest elevations of the watershed is having an environmental impact at the well, borehole, and tunnel sites as well as throughout the entire downstream watershed.”
However, Nestlé has reportedly denied the accusations, saying that its 1978 permit has not yet expired and is “in full force and effect” legally. The Forest Service does not collect fees for water usage but charges a permit fee of about $524 from Nestlé.
“We adhere to all local, state and federal regulations regarding our operations, all of which are in good standing, including our permit to transmit water in the San Bernardino National Forest,” Brown wrote, in the op-ed for the Sun, adding: “Like several hundred other special permit holders in the San Bernardino National Forest -- and some 3,000 nationwide -- whose permit is under review, our permit remains valid and, according to federal law, 'does not expire until the application has been finally determined by the agency.'”
In August, the Forest Service reportedly said it planned to start analyzing the renewal of Nestlé's permit under the National Environmental Policy Act and would accept comments from the public in the matter.
“The Forest Service has acknowledged that this is not proper, and has promised several times over the years to address the problem, but so far has done nothing,” Rachel Doughty of Greenfire Law, attorney for Story of Stuff and the Courage Campaign Institute, told the Guardian. “Meanwhile, our drought-parched public lands are deprived of a critical source of water that is instead being bottled for profit.”
Politico's Glenn Thrush had an interesting tweet this morning from the Clinton camp about the press corps traveling on Clinton's private plane next week. A Clinton aide reportedly said they're hoping that the media will shut the hell up about the former secretary of state's lack of media access due to this development.
CBS News' Nancy Cordes noted the difference between Trump and Clinton. Trump has held at least 14 press conferences this year, while Clinton has yet to hold one. For the past couple of weeks, she's been too busy fundraising in Nantucket, Martha's Vineyard, Cape Cod, and California to talk with the press, though she did collect some $31 million for her campaign and the Democratic Party, according to Cordes.
Fun facts about Hillary's press plane '08: 1) she loved starting gaggles DURING landings 2) She wanted OTRs but Times/Newsday (me) objected — Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) September 2, 2016
Hillary aide on press joining her on plane next week: "I hope this will shut you the hell up" — Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) September 2, 2016
It's become another line of attack by Trump. For the campaign to reportedly get testy over the press, and their questions relating to the emails and the Clinton Foundation, is bush league. She's a presidential candidate. She's supposed to be bombarded with questions. She's supposed to have her life put under the microscope. It's not the media's fault that the Democratic nominee is plagued with issues of trust, honesty, and ethically questionable dealings with her nonprofit. It's certainly not the press's fault that she's been caught time and again lying about the nature of her private email system, deleting emails relating to Benghazi that we just learned about, and one dealing with the technical problems of her home server that showed this system was set up to avoid her personal information being accessible, not due to convenience.
Her last press conference was on December 4, 2015. It's been over 269 days since she'd held a press conference. That's outrageous—and again, not the fault of the press corps. At the 262-day mark, Katie noted that Clinton doesn't want to have a press conference, where she could once again trip over the mangled mess of lies that she and her minions have dished out about her emails. With the Foundation, you're going to have a rehash of her prevarications and lies for the email server, along with answering to allegations that her nonprofit is a pay-to-play institution for the powerful and well connected. That's not a fun game; then again maybe she should've expected this being a presidential contender. To deny game is their default position, but it's killed her in the polls.
On the flip side, Trump is combative, but at least he talks to the press. Clinton tries to shut them up with chocolate. Cordes noted that Democrats note Trump's refusal to release tax returns. Fine—but Clinton tried to hide an additional 30 emails about Benghazi. One deals with a serious terrorist attack and national security. This is an apple to oranges comparison.
If the Clinton camp is frustrated with the press, they just need to look at the person they're working for. For Clintonites, they're mad at the press for reporting on their boss's bad behavior, her lies, her deceit, and evasion of answering questions. The latter is the worst part. Of course, the press will continue to ask questions germane to the ethical issues surrounding the former first lady if it looks like she's stonewalling, which she admittedly is doing because she knows she's in a mess over her emails and Foundation. That's all on her. So, frankly, concerning the Clinton camp being mad at the press: they can shut the hell up too.
PASCA LABScientists know little about the early development of the human brain. As a result, they also have limited data about how human brain development might relate to neuropsychiatric disorders, such as autism and schizophrenia. Since 2013, however, scientists having been studying the developing human brain using neurons derived from human induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs), which are cultured in three dimensions into pea-size structures that mimic the full organ. Two studies published today (April 26) in Nature advance these research methods. In one paper, Harvard's Paula Arlotta and colleagues described the development of organoids, or “mini brains.” In the other, Stanford's Sergiu Pasca and colleagues used neural spheroids—balls of tissue containing more than a million neurons each—to study the interactions of two brain regions crucial to the development of the cerebral cortex.
“The major conclusion is the confirmation/validation that the human pluripotent stem cells are plastic enough to generate the diversity of cells necessary to recreate human, early stages of neurodevelopment in a dish,” Alysson Muotri, who studies neurological diseases using iPSCs at University of California, San Diego, but was not involved in either study, told The Scientist in an email. “Every neuroscientist working with early brain development will be excited by reading these articles.”
Researchers hope to use brain organoids and spheroids to study neurodevelopment and neuropsychiatric disorders; these mini brains have already been used to study Zika virus infection–linked microcephaly and autism spectrum disorders.
Because many neuropsychiatric disorders are influenced by a person's genetics, it is difficult to study these diseases in standard animal models. Instead, these types of diseases “must be modeled using the cells from the patient, because that's the only way that you can get the genome of that patient,” Arlotta said. “This is really what justifies fundamentally the need for these human models.”
“These two studies complement each other really well,” University of Pennsylvania neuroscientist Guo-li Ming, who also was not involved in the work, wrote in an email. “The organoids generated are different in these two studies, with the Arlotta one using the whole-brain protocol and focusing on cellular diversity. The Pasca paper, on the other hand, [involves] generating brain region-specific organoids and try[ing] to put individual pieces together.”
Pasca's team studied a stage in fetal brain development in which GABAergic, usually inhibitory interneurons in the deep forebrain migrate toward excitatory, glutamatergic neurons closer to the brain's dorsal surface—a region that develops into the cerebral cortex and contains both neuronal types. To that end, the researchers differentiated iPSCs to generate both GABAergic and glutamatergic neural spheroids, fused the two spheroids in a tube, and observed their interactions.
As expected, the interneurons migrated, in a jumping, or “saltatory” manner, toward the glutamatergic neurons. Once there, “they change their morphology. . . . The dendrites that they have become more complex, but more importantly they start making connections with the glutamatergic cells,” Pasca told The Scientist. In spheroids derived from cells of patients with Timothy syndrome, a form of autism that results from a gain-of-function mutation in a calcium channel, this migration was aberrant; blocking the calcium channel with a drug restored normal migration.
“Pasca's paper shows, for the first time, that assembling pieces of stem cell–derived human forebrain can be mimicked in vitro,” Muotri wrote. “This is important because several neurodevelopment disorders have defects on these early stages, but [until now] there were no in vitro models to study these processes.”
Arlotta's team tweaked a previous protocol for developing mini brains so that they could survive for more than nine months—longer than had been achieved in previous studies. The brain organoids matured to the point that they started to develop mature features, such as dendritic spines, and began firing in synchronized patterns characteristic of neuronal networks, the researchers reported. The team used single-cell mRNA sequencing to characterize the cell types present in the brain organoids at both three months and six months, finding that, by six months, the organoids included seven different neuronal cell types, including retinal and cortical cells, and even more subtypes. Notably, the researchers found, the retinal cells responded to light.
“For the first time we have a system in which we use a normal, sort of semiphysiological sensory stimulus to stimulate neurons within the organoids,” Arlotta said. This is important, she said, because in studying neuropsychiatric disorders, researchers want to study brain organoids in settings as close as possible to human physiological conditions. “Rather than generating optogenetic channels, here we have cells that respond to normal sensory stimuli like light.”
F. Birey et al., “Assembly of functionally integrated human forebrain spheroids,” Nature, doi:10.1038/nature22330, 2017.
G. Quadrato et al., “Cell diversity and network dynamics in photosensitive human brain organoids,” Nature, doi:10.1038/nature22047, 2017.
Share. I predict a riot. I predict a riot.
UPDATE: Ubisoft has reached out to IGN to clarify Rainbow Six Siege's launch content plan: “At launch, Rainbow Six Siege will have 11 maps, playable both day or night, all using the full potential of our Real Blast destruction technology. In addition, all post-launch maps will be downloadable for free. We want players to stay with us for the long term and have ambitious post-launch plans that we will detail at a later stage.”
ORIGINAL STORY: Rainbow Six Siege is set to launch with ten maps, though more will be released down the line according to one of the game's developers.
Speaking to PC Gamer, level designer Benoit Deschamps confirmed how many maps would be included when the game is released, explaining the final figure was whittled down from a pool of over 50 potential concepts.
Exit Theatre Mode
"As for now yes, there are ten maps," he said, "but we have more planned because we're already working on more content for players after launch."
Rainbow Six Siege is set to enter beta very soon, and we're giving away beta codes to anyone who wants one. Special Editions of Rainbow Six Siege have already been announced, too.
If you're keen to find out more on what to expect, be sure to check out how the new spectator features add a whole new dynamic to proceedings, while the Terrorist Hunt mode looks set to get its hooks in you.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
On a 7-2 vote, a citizen advisory committee on Monday endorsed changing the formal name of downtown Eugene�s Broadway Plaza to Kesey Square.
The recommendation by the nine-member ad hoc committee convened by Mayor Lucy Vinis at the City Council�s direction is now headed to the council. It is scheduled to discuss the recommendation at its Oct. 18 meeting.
Councilor Mike Clark and John Iglesias, chief executive of Eugene-based Northwest Community Credit Union, voted against the recommendation.
The vote came near the end of a 90-minute meeting, the second gathering of the committee. It was clear the committee would be unable to reach unanimity on a recommendation, despite prodding by Vinis.
In the end, committee members remained devided, some wanting to honor Ken Kesey�s literary legacy and others saying a segment of Eugene�s populace dislikes the well-publicized drug use of the �One Flew Over the Cuckoo�s Nest� author.
Committee members agreed that while the name of the square, at Broadway and Willamette Street, is important, the naming shouldn�t supersede what the city does to make the space safer.
The square is a frequent gathering spot for homeless people and other loiterers; downtown business representatives have long complained to the city that the space could be better used.
The city brought in tables and more food trucks to the square last summer to attract more visitors and is mulling long-term improvements.
Ideas offered during the meeting to invigorate the plaza included a ceremony rededicating the Kesey statue that�s in the square; a plaque or plaques detailing the author�s life and accomplishments; a small library; and an event celebrating the winners of a children�s writing and art contest.
Committee members who favored the Kesey name said Kesey Square has become part of the local vernacular.
Private donors raised the money to install, in 2003, the statue of Kesey reading to his grandchildren.
The City Council gave the square, a remnant of the failed downtown pedestrian mall, its official name of Broadway Plaza in 1996 shortly before Willamette Street was reopened to vehicle traffic.
�It would be very divisive to name it another way (than Kesey Square) when this one has moved down the pipe,� committee member Cary Thompson said.
He said there would be ample public naming opportunities with the proposed new City Hall and Lane County Courthouse.
Thompson is a founding member of Friends of Kesey Square, a local group that made the name change request.
Jeff Geiger, a local writer, said public comments about the proposed name change mainly question why the city is spending so much time on it.
Launching another public process to �brainstorm a clean slate of names� would not go over well with the public, he said.
Clark said he wanted a name that unified the community, suggesting �Authors Square.�
The City Council directed Vinis to form the committee on Sept. 20 and gave her 45 days, or about six weeks, to report back. The committee vote came less than three weeks later.
Iglesias said he was surprised by how recently the statue had been installed in the plaza and criticized as �shortsighted that one name has to stick because a statue is in the middle of it.�
He said the city should be focused on its future and said the informal name �is not big enough for Eugene.�
In her bid to find middle ground, Vinis suggested the committee worry less about the Kesey name and instead consider that the statue is of a man reading to children.
�It�s a coming-together statue,� she said.
Follow Christian on Twitter @RGchill . Email christian.hill@registerguard.com .
Artworks by Alex Wakefield
Get your heart pumping with historic motorsport fever thanks to this stunning classic motorsport art by Alex Wakefield.
Alex' most recent work is a series of paintings titled ‘Go Fever‘. The images tell the story of Ford and Ferrari's battles throughout the mid-'60s, from which Ford eventually arose the victor.
They have an interesting aesthetic which blends mediums in a way that suits the era and works well to capture atmosphere and story. The abstract way in which multiple images come together within each work conveys the journey that the sport progressed through as the two great marques battled to surpass each other. They're interesting pieces, especially in the way that they go beyond a great moment to tell a story that was part of the sport for years.
From Ford and Ferrari in the '60s we jump forward to 1970, and the first of two works featuring Mario Andretti. This painting represents the drive which Andretti called the finest in his career, when he helped take Ferrari's 512S to victory in the 1970 12 Hours of Sebring.
Andretti kicked off the 1987 CART PPG Indy Car World Series driving at Long Beach for Newman/Haas Racing. He set pole position and dominated from there, leading all 95 laps and securing the first Indy Car series win for the Chevrolet-Ilmor V8 powerplant.
Enjoy Alex Wakefield's classic motorsport fever, and make sure to head to his website here for more of his works.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Konami has discussed plans for a new entry in the Metal Gear series, but stopped short of confirming any concrete details. In business publication Nikkei, which was posted online by 2ch and has been translated by Kotaku, an unnamed representative states internal discussions about a new Metal Gear game have begun, and the company is examining plans.
"When we start development, a large-scale investment will become necessary," the representative is quoted as saying.
This person did not, however, discuss the extent of series creator Hideo Kojima's involvement, if at all. Kojima reportedly left Konami on October 9 after almost three decades at the company. Konami denied reports of his departure, claiming he is still an employee and is instead on vacation.
This is the second time Konami has suggested it is planning a new Metal Gear game. In March 2015 it said "auditions for main staff to lead the development" were underway, and asked interested developers to get in touch.
"Konami will continue to develop and distribute top-quality content in the Metal Gear series following Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain," it said in a statement at the time. "We greatly anticipate and deeply appreciate your ongoing support for Metal Gear.
"As the next step in the series, Konami has already resolved to develop a new Metal Gear title. We will be conducting auditions for main staff to lead the development. Interested parties are encouraged to contact us to via the recruitment page of the Konami official website."
The statements follow news the LA studio behind Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain's online mode has been closed by the Japanese company.
Kojima, meanwhile, is believed to be under a non-compete clause that expires in December, which means he will not be able to sign new partnerships or announce new projects until after this period.
In March 2015, it was reported a power struggle between Konami and Kojima Productions, developer of the Metal Gear series, led to senior staff having limited access to emails, phone calls, and corporate Internet. In the months following, Kojima's name was removed from Metal Gear products and marketing.
In July, the Japanese voice actor for Metal Gear Solid's Snake stated that Kojima Productions no longer existed as a development studio.
What car do you buy if your taste tends towards two-wheeled simplicity, but you just bought a farm in New Zealand? Bike EXIF's Chris Hunter solves a problem we all wish we had. - Ed.
I bought a farm a few weeks ago. Thirteen gently sloping acres in the middle of nowhere, otherwise known as New Zealand.
With six paddocks, a barn full of hay bales and heavily rutted tracks, a new vehicle was called for. A 4WD with seating for at least three and low running costs. In other words, a pickup truck.
In NZ, the pickup rules. It's like Texas, but with sheep. Kiwis call pickups "utes", and they can't get enough of them. But the prices are just plain stupid. A thoroughly thrashed mid-90s Hilux with 300,000 hard miles on the clock will set you back the best part of NZ$15,000. The kind of money that normal people will pay for a 2007-model Golf with one lady owner.
There's only one good thing about those munted utes. After you've paid through the nose for one, some other sucker will buy it off you five years down the track for $10,000. (And promptly reinstall the 1000W subwoofer, three-inch lift kit and 33-inch "Super Swamper" mud tires you junked).
Advertisement
So where could I find some classy but cheap wheels? Roomy enough for the school run, and capable of carrying a clutch of oily power tools, multiple 90 Lb bags of cement, and assorted small livestock?
Then a mate suggested an old "series" Land Rover. And to my surprise, in New Zealand they're still affordable. Because all the Bretts and Kevins and Grants, when they're not complaining about the number of Asian immigrants, like to buy Japanese.
After a couple of months of trawling TradeMe — the local equivalent of eBay — I was ready to give up. Every old Landy had been "repowered" with a Nissan or Holden motor. Or was doing duty as a chicken coop on a redneck smallholding in Southland.
Advertisement
Then I spotted The One. A 1970 Series IIa 88-inch Station Wagon, with a double-skinned "Safari" roof, for six grand. (That's $4,500 in US money.) Straight panels, faded paint but good patina. Just over 100k on the clock. Recently rebuilt motor. Owned by a retired engineer in genteel Wellington. The next morning, I flew to Welly with a mechanically-minded mate to inspect the vehicle.
As soon as I saw Peter's workshop, I knew the car would be fine. It was the kind of workshop you see in a BBC drama series: old toolboxes, an ancient lathe, Whitworth spanners laid out on the wooden workbench. (Wish I'd swiped some).
Dave and I drove the Landy home, 450 miles north. It was the first time the car had gone further than the local corner shop in a decade, but it didn't miss a beat. And since then, the truck has been working for a living, hauling ass. Slowly.
Advertisement
So what's it like to drive? It's involving, like a motorcycle is involving. There's a direct mechanical connection to the vehicle-although the steering is anything but direct. If you fuck up, you're in trouble. You're not insulated — you're hardwired.
The dash is basic. Metal, so you don't want to hit your head on it. Two dials, plus switches for the single-speed wipers and the lights. There's a twist-knob for the heater, and a pull-knob marked "Cold Start". Neither have any appreciable effect on the proceedings.
Advertisement
The only complicated bit is the gearing. It's heaven for stick shift fans: there are four levers poking out of the transmission tunnel. One controls the four-speed ‘box. (There's no syncro on the bottom two gears-but you know how to double-declutch, don't you?) Another lever is for the high and low range transfer. A third lever switches the four-wheel-drive system in and out. And a fourth engages the overdrive unit. Six pages of the owner's manual are devoted to the gears alone. If I have a hangover, I take the wife's Audi Allroad.
Luckily, everything else is simple. You don't even get wind-up windows — Series II Land Rovers have sliding glass. If you get hot, you open the flaps under the windscreen. If you get cold, you put a hat and gloves on.
And if you find yourself at 45 degrees in a muddy field, with tires slithering over wet grass, you can just engage 4WD and claw your way out. Even with a huge trailer full of freshly-sawn firewood behind you. Because despite having just 77 anemic British horses, the towing capacity is a healthy 4,000 Lbs.
Advertisement
Japanese pickups can do all this too, but with less grace, no foldaway seats in the back, more stuff to go wrong, and a lot more cost. Whereas a Series Land Rover is a piece of bona fide English motoring history, an investment that will never depreciate in value.
It's also the best kind of design: the real simple kind. And it had to be, because it was riveted together in a grim Midlands town by men called Don, Ron and Stan. Blokes whose natural milieu was standing around a brazier in donkey jackets and Doc Martens, plotting the next factory strike.
The truck's still running sweet, 42 years later. But now that I've been singing its praises Lucas, the Lord of Darkness, will probably intervene — and the damn thing won't start tomorrow morning.
Advertisement
But who cares. A new solenoid is just twenty bucks.
Chris Hunter runs the world's leading custom motorcycle site, Bike EXIF. The last 4WD he owned was a Porsche 964 Carrera 4.
CHICAGO -- FBI Director James Comey told a gathering of police chiefs Monday that he believes officers are changing their behavior because they fear being caught in viral videos, and that the rise of crime in some cities may be a result of police officers staying in their vehicles more often due to an overabundance of caution. He described the law enforcement community and the black community as diverging further and further apart with each new controversy.
“Each time somebody interprets [the] hashtag 'Black Lives Matter' as anti-law enforcement, one line moves away, and each time that someone interprets [the] hashtag 'Police Lives Matter' as anti-black, the other line moves away," Comey said at a speech before the International Association of Chiefs of Police. "I actually feel the lines continuing to arch away, and maybe accelerating, incident by incident, video by video, hashtag by hashtag, and that's a terrible place to be."
John Minchillo, File/ASSOCIATED PRESS
Comey also echoed controversial comments he'd made in the days leading up to his Monday address, in which he linked an uptick in crime in a handful of cities with heightened public scrutiny of the police.
"Just as those lines are arching away from each other -- and maybe, just maybe, in some places because those lines are arching away from each other -- we have a crisis of violent crime in some of our major cities in this country," the director said Monday.
Comey also described a "chill wind" that had gone through law enforcement in the wake of viral videos of the police over the past year. Comey's remarks seemed to be an endorsement of the so-called "Ferguson effect," which suggests that excessive scrutiny of law enforcement is to blame for the uptick in crime.
Comey said officers in one major city felt “under siege” because they were being recorded when they exited their vehicles. "They were honest and said they don't feel much like getting out of their cars," Comey said.
“Of the explanations I have heard, it is the one that makes the most sense to me: Maybe something has changed in policing," he went on. "In today's YouTube world, are officers reluctant to get out of their cars and do the work that prevents violent crime? Are officers answering 911 calls, but avoiding the informal contact that keeps bad guys with guns from standing around?”
It wasn't clear Monday whether Comey sees any public policy or law enforcement solution to the issue of cell phone videos -- other than training officers to deal with citizens recording their behavior -- since recording the police is legal. He also said that the scrutiny of police will make policing better, as law enforcement officials discuss de-escalation and the use of force.
Protesters demonstrated for hours outside the IACP on Saturday, and one group even shut down a skywalk leading into the IACP.
From earlier today, #FundBlackFutures protesters shut down skywalk leading to police chiefs' conference in Chicago: pic.twitter.com/HBmPtTSkJL — Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) October 24, 2015
Many of the protesters had locked themselves together on a street outside the IACP event in an attempt to shut down traffic. There were 66 arrests overall.
#FundBlackFutures protesters arrested outside IACP (police chiefs' conference) chant from the back of a police van: pic.twitter.com/RXy1hPXjK1 — Ryan J. Reilly (@ryanjreilly) October 24, 2015
President Barack Obama, who last week defended the Black Lives Matter movement, will speak at the IACP conference on Tuesday.
Also on HuffPost:
Manitoba is making moves to limit the sale and use of e-cigarettes in the province.
Healthy living minister Deanne Crothers announced new legislation on Monday that will prohibit the sale of e-cigarettes to minors, limit advertising and promotion and ban their use in most indoor, public places.
New limitations are on the way for smoking e-cigarettes or "vaping" in Manitoba. (CBC) Crothers said there are many unanswered questions about the safety of e-cigarettes, and the province wants to minimize any possible health risks to children or bystanders.
The new legislation calls for a ban in indoor public places like schools, libraries, hospitals, malls, restaurants, indoor workplaces and cars where kids under 16 are present.
It also calls for e-cigarette advertising and promotion to be regulated the same way as other tobacco products.
The Manitoba Lung Association's Margaret Bernhardt-Lowdon called the legislation a good start.
"I love the fact they are banning them in public places where children are present," said Berhardt-Lowdon. "We don't know what people are puffing in or what they're puffing out."
But vaping isn't banned in all indoor spaces. It will be allowed in
Bars and casinos
Other adult-only establishments
Where e-cigarettes are predominately sold
Designated smoking/vaping rooms in hotels and group living facilities
Bernhardt-Lowdon said she worries how that might influence young people.
"I know that a lot of people do use them to quit smoking and a lot of people love them, but I worry it re-normalizes tobacco use if you see someone using e-cigarettes," she said. "It's kind of like smoking, in a way."
Manitoba is one of several provinces working to regulate the sale of e-cigarettes. Quebec has already banned vaping in public and banned sales to minors, and Ontario has announced plans for similar legislation.
The Gunners are keen to sign the midfielder, but the move has been complicated by Sporting's €35m valuation of the player and third-party ownership
By Wayne Veysey | UK Correspondent Arsenal have had a €25 million bid rejected by Sporting Lisbon for William Carvalho can reveal.The Gunners are working on a deal to capture the versatile midfielder in the final fortnight of the transfer window.However, Arsenal's pursuit is complicated by Carvalho's third-party ownership, Sporting's €35m valuation and their own need to navigate a tricky Champions League qualifying tie against Besiktas.The Gunners are expected to return with an improved offer for the 22-year-old, although the complex nature of the negotiations mean they are likely to go down to the wire.Sporting are ready to cash in on Carvalho although, according to reports in Portugal, 40 per cent of his rights are owned by investment firm Banco Espirito Santo. The player is also represented by super agent Jorge Mendes, which has added a layer of difficulty to discussions taking place between the parties.Arsene Wenger has sanctioned a formal move for Carvalho as he seeks to further strengthen his squad in the defensive midfield and centre-back positions.The Portugal international started his career in central defence although he is now used more regularly in midfield.Arsenal are also closing in on an €10m deal to sign Olympiakos centre-back Kostas Manolas , and their move for Carvalho is understood to be in addition to the expected capture of the Greece international.The London club's willingness to push the boat out for Carvalho could be influenced strongly by the outcome of their Champions League play-off tie against Besiktas, with victory paving the way for a minimum windfall of around €30m.The second leg takes place at Emirates Stadium next Wednesday following a goalless opening leg in Turkey on Tuesday night.Wenger has turned his attention to Carvalho after Morgan Schneiderlin rejected an offer to join the Gunners in favour of pursuing a move to Tottenham, who are set to make a final bid of around €21m Arsenal have also considered Sami Khedira but have been put off by his demands for a basic salary of €250,000-a-week.
Happy 2016! Getting ready for some Black Sails season 3 action! For the first show of the year, I've got a double interview for you! Both awesome and unique.
First up, actor Ray Stevenson who portrays Blackbeard in season 3 (and 4 so far) of Black Sails on Starz. You've also seen him in the Thor movies, Divergent, and the TV show Dexter. Plus lots of other stuff. We get into stuff he's had to do for Black Sails that he's never done before, what went into their decision whether or not to use the Bristol accent, and why Ibiza is a “tough island”.
Then an interview with the only other person running a podcast about pirates, Craig Buddy of the History of Pirates Podcast. He and I talk about getting started in podcast and why pirates. Plus how we came to such different formats for our shows. And he tells a great story about when Julius Caesar was captured by pirates.
Episode Sponsored by: SR Staley, author of the Pirate of Panther Bay series.
Plus comedy from Jason Resler about why you should play catch with your kids and a song called “Certain Death” from Brad Sucks.
You can also hear about my private little ritual that happens after my last live show each year.
Important Websites:
Black Sails – www.starz.com/originals/blacksails
Ray Stevenson – www.ray-stevenson.com
Craig Buddy – www.historyofpiratespodcast.com
Jason Resler – www.pitchingpunchlines.com
Brad Sucks – www.bradsucks.net
Phil Johnson – www.PhilJohnsonComedy.com
Support the show!: www.UnderTheCrossbones.com/support
Here's a little Blackbeard background info from the folks over at Starz to whet your appetite.
Declining share says it is important for president to have strong religious beliefs
The share of Americans who think it is important that a president have strong religious beliefs has been steadily declining over the past two election cycles and has reached a new low in Pew Research Center polling. In 2008, 72% said this was an important characteristic. That share dipped slightly in 2012 to 67%, and now 62% say that having strong religious beliefs is an important presidential trait. Meanwhile, the corresponding share of those who disagree that it is important for a president to have strong religious beliefs has been steadily growing and currently stands at 35%.
Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP remain more likely than Democrats and those who lean Democratic to say it is important for the president to have strong religious beliefs. But this view is waning among both groups. The data suggest, furthermore, that changing Republican views are not merely a response to their party's selection of a candidate who is widely viewed as not particularly religious. Nearly half of Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP described Trump as “not too” or “not at all” religious in a January poll, but the share of Republicans who say the president should have strong religious beliefs had already begun to tick downward between 2008 and 2012.
Among religious groups, white evangelicals and black Protestants remain most committed to the idea that the president should have strong religious beliefs. At the other end of the spectrum, the growing segment of religious “nones” are, not surprisingly, least inclined to say they want a president who is strongly religious.
Fewer than half of young adults – those ages 18 to 29 – say they want a president who has strong religious beliefs, which is far less than the share of older adults who express this view. But they are not the only age group becoming less likely to desire a religious president over time. For example, in 2008, 72% of Americans ages 30-49 said it was important to have a religious president, compared with 60% among this age group today.
Fewer now say houses of worship key in solving social problems
While most U.S. adults continue to say that churches, synagogues and other houses of worship contribute “a great deal” (19%) or “some” (38%) to solving important social problems, the share expressing this view has declined sharply in recent years, from 65% in 2012 and 75% as recently as 2008.
The decline in the view that churches and other houses of worship contribute to solving social problems is broad-based. White evangelicals remain among the most convinced that churches help solve social problems and religious “nones” remain least convinced this is the case. But both groups – and all other major religious groups – are less inclined to express this view today than in the recent past. Similarly, the survey shows that regular churchgoers and infrequent attenders, young adults and their older counterparts, and Republicans and Democrats have all become less convinced over the years that houses of worship play a major role in solving key social problems.
Many want churches to express views on social/political matters, but most oppose explicit candidate endorsements
Nearly half of U.S. adults (47%) say churches and other houses of worship should express their views on social and political matters. But just 29% say churches should come out in favor of one candidate over another during elections. Views on both of these questions have been relatively stable in recent years.
Roughly two-thirds of white evangelicals and black Protestants say churches should express their views on social and political matters, but just one-third of religious “nones” agree.
There is also a significant gap between regular churchgoers and others on this question. Six-in-ten Americans who attend religious services at least weekly think houses of worship should express their views on social and political topics, but just four-in-ten of those who attend religious services less often express this view. The data also show that Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP are more likely than Democrats to favor churches speaking out about politics.
There is also variation among religious and political groups in attitudes about whether churches should explicitly endorse political candidates. But the balance of opinion in nearly all major religious groups and in both political parties leans in the same direction on this question – against church endorsements of candidates.
About four-in-ten evangelicals say it has become more difficult to be an evangelical Christian in recent years
Roughly four-in-ten Protestants who describe themselves as born-again or evangelical Christians say it has become more difficult in recent years to be an evangelical Christian in the U.S. (41%), up from a third (34%) who held this view in 2014. This perspective is more common among white evangelicals (46%) than among non-white evangelical Protestants (31%), though the share of non-white evangelicals who say it has gotten tougher to be an evangelical has ticked up 9 percentage points since 2014.
Compared with evangelicals, far fewer Catholics (18%) and religious “nones” (7%) believe things have become more difficult for their own groups in U.S. society. Indeed, among religious “nones,” there are about four times as many people who say it has become easier to be a nonreligious person in the U.S. (29%) as there are who say it has become more difficult (7%).
Overall, about one-in-five U.S. adults (19%) consider themselves to be a minority because of their religious beliefs, little changed from the 21% of Americans who said the same in 2014.
White evangelicals are more likely than most other major Christian groups to believe they are a minority because of their religious beliefs, with roughly a quarter (27%) expressing this view. Fewer black Protestants (18%), Catholics (16%) and mainline Protestants (10%) say the same. Hispanic Catholics are more likely than white Catholics to say this is the case (22% vs. 9%).
Only 13% of religious “nones” say they think of themselves as a minority based on their religious beliefs.
There were not enough interviews with Jews, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus and members of other religious groups to analyze their responses separately.
New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman took significant steps to improve both the bullpen and the offense this winter, though the rotation is likely to remain as is when the team heads for spring training next month.
"We stay engaged with the marketplace, but I think more likely than not - 99 percent likely - we are going to be going to camp with what we have," Cashman told ESPN's Jim Bowden, according to Mike Mazzeo of the New York Daily News.
"And that's (Mashiro) Tanaka, CC (Sabathia), and (Michael) Pineda locked into three spots and then five guys competing for the final two spots between - in no order - (Adam) Warren, (Luis) Cessa, (Chad) Green, (Bryan) Mitchell, and (Luis) Severino."
The Yankees' inconsistent rotation ranked as one of the worst in the American League in 2016, posting a 4.44 ERA over 916 innings. Tanaka was the staff ace, posting a 3.07 ERA over a career-high 199 2/3 innings, and the Yankees will need to rely on him heavily once again with concerns over the durability and consistency of both Sabathia and Pineda.
Cashman has reportedly been engaged in trade talks with the Chicago White Sox involving Jose Quintana, though there's been a reluctance to part with the farm system. The Yankees will need to add some pitchers under contract over the next few seasons as Sabathia and Pineda are both free agents in 2018, while Tanaka can also opt out of his contract.
Born as pure conduits to the web—showcases for Gmail, Drive, and other Google cloud services—Chromebooks have been stuck with a reputation that they're useless offline. The basic complaint is that Chromebooks become nothing more than dumb, worthless, keyboard-equipped pieces of glass if your Internet dies off.
While that may have been an accurate description of first-generation Chromebooks, it's not the case today. The offline abilities of Chrome OS have skyrocketed since the first Googley laptops hit the streets, and now Chromebooks can tackle many of the most popular PC uses—from blasting out emails to working on spreadsheets to even just playing movies—completely offline.
Further reading: Chromebook power tips
Such capabilities may not be obvious at first, and it may take some work to ensure what you want is available offline. But we've got your back. Here's a guide to everything you can do offline with a Chromebook, complete with instructions on how to set it all up.
Back to basics
Let's start with the cornerstones of the Chromebook experience. Google's email and productivity solutions live and breathe on the web, but enabling their offline options lets you tinker with files and sift through your inbox away from the Internet. You can then sync all your changes when connectivity kicks back in.
PCWorld Install Gmail offline to access your messages if you're not connected to Wi-Fi.
Chrome OS's Gmail app doesn't include offline capabilities natively, but that's quickly fixed by downloading and activating Google's Gmail Offline app, which mimes the look of the mobile Gmail apps. It will locally synchronize your messages and actions, which you'll then be able to access while offline by opening the Gmail Offline app via an icon in Chrome's New Tab page, or by selecting Gmail Offline in the Chrome App Launcher.
PCWorld The menu options that allow you to activate Drive's offline capabilities on a Chromebook.
Enabling offline productivity is just as easy. Simply open Google Drive, then click the gear icon in the upper-right corner and select Settings. Open the General tab and check the box next to Sync your work to this computer so that you can edit offline. Presto!
The process is even quicker with Google Calendar. Open it in-browser, click the gear icon and select the Offline option. Then, click the Enable button in the pop-up that appears. Calendar's pretty much only good for viewing your schedule while offline, though—you can't create or edit events.
PCWorld Your Google Calendar can be accessed offline with a simple tweak in the settings.
Things are even simpler if you use Keep—Google's rival to Evernote and OneNote—to store your random musings. Keep automatically lets you peruse your stash and whip up new notes even when you're offline.
However, not all of the data you generate on your Chromebook lives in discrete apps. Chrome OS includes tools for working with local files, and those tools work just fine offline. You can view PDFs, view or edit Office files, play music and movies, and both view and lightly edit images offline. You'll find your local files in the Files app.
PCWorld From the files app you can see which of your content is available for viewing or editing offline.
Just double-click on one to open it in the appropriate file viewer. Google has also made a number of improvements to the Gallery app that makes it a more capable image editor.
One more thing: To access a webpage while offline, use the Save as PDF option, found under the Chrome menu's print section. It'll save the page to your Chromebook's local storage. Some websites, however, may appear with wonky formatting and be cumbersome to read.
Android apps improve the game
The biggest boon to offline productivity comes with the addition of Android apps, courtesy of the Google Play Store. Just like on an Android smartphone or tablet, many apps cache data on the device so you can keep working if disconnected from the Internet.
For example, Adobe Comp CC works completely offline, allowing you to create graphics or edit images.
PCWorld Adobe Comp empowers you to do design work while offline.
Also, Microsoft Outlook lets you view your messages when disconnected from the Internet. The real work (like replying or archiving) needs to wait until you're back online, but it's better than a blank screen.
PCWorld Outlook for Android keeps you connected to email while your Chromebook is offline.
Most Android apps are still designed with phones primarily in mind, but they might offer useful offline capabilities. The Play Store will be available on all Chromebooks released in 2017 onward. It's coming to a limited batch of existing notebooks—check the running list updated by Google.
Kick back and relax
Chrome OS's offline chops aren't limited to work-related functions. You can take your play offline, too. And no, it's not just limited to slapping a thumb drive stuffed with movies into your Chromebook's USB port.
Chromebooks support offline movie and TV show playback for Google Play, the company's app and media marketplace. Any content you've purchased through the service can now be saved locally—at least if you're using a Chromebook. Just look for the small, gray download icon at the bottom of a listing; clicking it saves the film for offline viewing. Note that you'll need to install the separate Google Play Movies & TV app to see the option.
PCWorld Google Play Movies can save your favorite programming offline.
Stingy storage specs help keep Chromebook prices lows, but you'll want to keep an eye on your available space, and be diligent about removing movies you've already watched. Going into the Play Store app's settings and unchecking the “Prefer high quality audio” button can help stretch capacity.
As for music, Spotify's Android app works well on Chromebooks. You can download a playlist for offline listening if you have a subscription. Google Play Music has a similar capability, but I found the Android app to be buggy and inconsistent compared to the Chrome version.
PCWorld Spotify brings offline listening to your Chromebook.
Literary fans will want to check out Amazon's Kindle Cloud reader. This app automatically downloads the book you're currently reading so it's available offline. You can also manually save books for offline reading.
Open the offline floodgates
Chrome Apps run in their own window, separate from the browser.
While Android apps are finding their way to Chrome OS, for the time being it's still Chrome Packaged Apps that offer the best level of polish. While they've lost that formal 'packaged' name, they're still infused with proprietary Chrome APIs, which grants them access to your laptop's hardware and essentially transforms them into traditional desktop software, complete with discrete out-of-browser windows, full offline capabilities, and the ability to utilize local storage and resources.
The Chrome Web Store's ”For Your Desktop” section houses the available packaged apps, augmented by an even larger offline-enabled section. Of particular note, the Polarr is a powerful photo-editing tool, and the Pocket read-it-later app is a stellar resource for folks who loathe saving whole webpages for offline viewing.
PCWorld The Chrome Web Store highlights apps that will work even if you're offline.
Chrome is ending support for apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux, but they will remain for Chrome OS.
So there you have it: Chromebooks are stuffed with all sorts of offline functionality, provided you know where to look—and now you do!
To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed.
This article was originally published July 17, 2014, and updated February 15, 2017.
A Spanish Supreme Court judge on Monday upheld the jailing of former Catalan Vice President Oriol Junqueras and former regional interior minister Joaquim Forn, as well as the leaders of two Catalan grassroots separatist groups.
Supreme Court Judge Pablo Llarena, however, did allow six other ex-cabinet ministers from the deposed Catalan regional parliament to be released on bail, which was set at €100,000 ($118,000).
Read more: Pro-independence Catalans rally for jailed leaders in Barcelona
The decision comes after the detained group separatist independence lawmakers pledged on Friday to renounce all separatist efforts during a series of closed-door meetings with Llarena in Madrid.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Rich ancient heritage Catalonia has been settled by the Phoenicians, the Etruscans and the Greeks, who were mainly in the coastal areas of Rosas and Empuries (above). Then came the Romans, who built more settlements and infrastructure. Catalonia remained a part of the Roman Empire until it was conquered by the Visigoths in the fifth century.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Counties and independence Catalonia was conquered by Arabs in 711 AD. The Frankish king Charlemagne stopped their advance at Tours on the Loire River and, by 759, the north of Catalonia was once again Christian. In 1137, the counties that made up Catalonia entered an alliance with the Crown of Aragon.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Autonomy and the war of succession In the 13th century, the institutions of Catalan self-administration were created under the banner of the Generalitat de Catalunya. After the unification of the Crown of Aragon with that of Castile in 1476, Aragon was largely able to keep its autonomic institutions. However, the Catalan revolt — from 1640 to 1659 — saw parts of Catalonia ceded to present-day France.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Remembrance of defeat After the conquest of Barcelona on September 11, 1714, by the Bourbon King Phillip V, Catalan instuitutions were dissolved and self-administration came to an end. Every year, on September 11, Catalans commemorate the end of their right to autonomy.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Federal ideas in wider republic After the abdication of King Amadeo I of Spain, the first Spanish Republic was declared in February 1873. It lasted barely a year. The supporters of the Republic were split – one group supporting the idea of a centralized republic, the others wanting a federal system. Pictured here is Francisco Pi i Maragall, a supporter of federalism and one of five presidents of the short-lived republic.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Failed attempt Catalonia sought to establish a new state within the Spanish republic, but this only served to exacerbate the differences between republicans, ultimately dividing and weakening them. In 1874, the monarchy and the House of Bourbon (led by King Alfonso XII, pictured here) took the helm.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Catalan Republic Between 1923 — with the support of the monarchy, the army and the church — General Primo de Rivera declared a dictatorship. Catalonia became a center of opposition and resistance. After the end of the dictatorship, the politician Francesc Macia (pictured here) successfully pressed for important rights of autonomy for Catalonia.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history The end of freedom In the Second Spanish Republic, Catalan lawmakers worked on the Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia. This was approved by the Spanish parliament in 1932. Francesc Macia was elected president of the Generalitat of Catalonia by the Catalan parliament. However, the victory of Franco at the end of the Spanish Civil War (1936 to 1939) put an end to all that.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Loss of liberties The Franco regime ruled with an iron rod. Political parties were banned and the Catalan language and culture were surpressed.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history New autonomy by statute After the first parliamentary elections that followed the end of the Franco dictatorship, the Generalitat of Catalonia was provisionally restored. Under the democratic Spanish constitution of 1978, Catalonia was given a new Statute of Autonomy just a year later.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history New and different statute The new Statute of Autonomy recognized the autonomy of Catalonia and the importance of the Catalan language. In comparison to the 1932 statute, it was enhanced in the fields of culture and education but curtailed when it came to the realm of justice. Pictured here is Jordi Pujol, the long-time head of the government of Catalonia after the dictatorship.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Stronger self-awareness A desire for independence has grown stronger in recent years. In 2006, Catalonia was given a new statute that broadened the Catalan government's powers. However, it lost these after a complaint by the conservative Popular Party to the Constitutional Court of Spain.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history First referendum A referendum on independence was already envisaged for November 9, 2014. The first question was "Do you want Catalonia to become a state?" In the case of an affirmative answer, the second question was posed: "Do you want this state to be independent?" However, the Constitutional Court suspended the vote.
Catalonia's independence movement — a brief history Clash of the titans Since January 2016, Carles Puigdemont has been president of the Catalan government. He proceeded with the separatist course of his predecessor Artur Mas and called the new referendum for October 1, 2017. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy dismissed this as unconstitutional. Author: Richard Connor
In a statement by the Supreme Court, Llarena said it remained to be seen if their pledges to abide by Spanish law and renounce unilateral independence for Catalonia were "truthful and real." This, he added, raised the "possibility that acts could happen again with serious, immediate and irreparable consequences for the community."
All 10 face possible charges of rebellion, sedition and embezzlement for their role in Catalonia's contested drive for independence. If found guilty, they face a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison.
Of the six that were released, most intend to run in the upcoming regional election on December 21, which was called by Spanish central authorities after they took control of Catalonia's regional parliament. Junqueras had also intended to participate, though doing so would now appear to be impossible.
Revisiting National Court decision
Until last week, the lower National Court, which usually takes on major criminal charges, had been in charge of the case and had even already sent to jail Junqueras, his former ministers and the two leaders of the pro-independence ANC and Omnium Cultural associations.
However, in a separate investigation against five Catalan parliamentarians, including former speaker Carme Forcadell, Llarena decided they could remain free on bail as the probe continues. With the Supreme Court judge now having taken on the probe against Junqueras and his group of ministers, there was initially great hope among the pro-independence movement that all would be granted bail.
Oriol Junqueras und Carles Puigdemont were coalition partners in the previous Catalan government.
Puigdemont facing extradition hearings
Also on Monday, Carles Puigdemont, Catalonia's deposed president, was set to appear in a Brussels court for extradition hearings.
Puigdemont and four other separatist leaders fled to Brussels from Spain, where they too face charges of sedition and rebellion for illegally declaring unilateral independence for Catalonia from Spain. The former Catalan leader claims he would not receive a fair trial back home.
A decision on the extradition is expected within eight to 10 days.
Read more: Puigdemont shows face at Brussels rally
Despite choosing to remain in exile, Puigdemont has said he intends to lead his PDeCAT party in the upcoming regional elections.
It remains unclear how he intends to achieve this, nor how the separatist movement would proceed should the parties win the election.
In September 2015, the two separatist parties — Puigdemont's conservative PDeCAT and Junqueras' left-wing ERC — agreed to form a coalition. Despite their common interests, it appears unlikely that the two parties would join forces again, following the massive political tensions both parties stirred by pushing ahead with the independence referendum.
dm/ng (AFP, Reuters, dpa)
20th Century Fox said today that it is making a feature film based on the Fox animated series Bob's Burgers and has set a July 17, 2020 release date. The series is coming off an Emmy win this year for Outstanding Animated Series and took the same honor in 2014.
The series first appeared on Fox in midseason 2011. Fox Animation will produce the film.
“We're thrilled to be invited to bring Bob's Burgers to the big screen,” show creator Loren Bouchard said. “We know the movie has to scratch every itch the fans of the show have ever had, but it also has to work for all the good people who've never seen the show. We also know it has to fill every inch of the screen with the colors and the sounds and the ever so slightly greasy texture of the world of Bob's – but most of all it has to take our characters on an epic adventure. In other words, it has to be the best movie ever made. But no pressure, right?!”
The series follows the lives, loves and misadventures of the Belcher family and their friends and rivals. Bob Belcher (voice of H. Jon Benjamin) runs a hamburger restaurant in a seaside town, with his ever-optimistic wife Linda (John Roberts) and their three children: self-conscious Tina (Dan Mintz), goofball Gene (Eugene Mirman) and precocious Louise (Kristen Schaal).
“A Bob's Burgers film fits perfectly with our initiative to redouble our family and animation efforts,” said Twentieth Century Fox Film chairman and CEO Stacey Snider. “We're grateful to [Fox Television Group chairmen Gary Newman and Dana Walden] for trusting us with this beloved property and we're so excited to be working with Loren and his team.”
Said Newman and Walden: “What a year for Bob's Burgers! First, the Emmy Award for Best Animated Series and now, an amazing opportunity for the gifted Loren Bouchard to take the Belcher family to movies. Loren, Jim and their talented team continue to knock it out of the park week after week, and seven years in, the show is still growing. Working with Stacey and everyone at the feature studio, we know this important property is in the best possible hands.”
Potential Roles of Methane in Global Warming
The Importance of Methane
The current concentration of CO 2 (carbon dioxide) is 388 ppm. The current concentration of CH 4 (methane) is 1.8 ppm or 21x1.8 = 38 ppm CO 2 equivalent. This is 10% of CO 2 .
And it tracks the world population growth pretty well.
But strangely, the atmospheric concentration now seems to be leveling off making it more difficult to know what future methane emissions might be. However, the likely scenario is that these emissions will continue to rise.
Wetlands emission are key here:
After declining in the 1990s due to the industrial collapse of the Soviet Union, and the combination of more efficient use of natural gas and efforts to reduce landfill methane emissions in the West, emissions have risen since 1999 due possibly, in part, to the booming Chinese economy. Had it not been for this reduction in methane emissions from wetlands, atmospheric levels of methane would most likely have continued rising," said Dr Paul Steele, from a scientist from Australia's CSIRO Marine and Atmospheric Research and one of the paper's authors. "This suggests that, if the drying trend is reversed and emissions from wetlands return to normal, atmospheric methane levels may increase again, worsening the problem of climate change."
Methane Sources
THIS JUST IN New satellite measurements indicated the Amazon Rain Forest produces more methane than previously thought.
In the US, the rate of many sources is either slowly shrinking or stabilizing. This may indicate that developed nations can effectively control their methane emission:
But history of development may likely repeat itself for the rest of the world:
Methane Removal Mechanism (some estimates suggest the methane residence time is up to 12 years, so there is no short term equilibrium control):
Atmospheric chemistry (which can be modified by volcanic eruptions like Pinatubo):
CH 4 + 2O 2 CO 2 + 2H 2 0 This end reaction occurs through the following steps (of interest only to chemists ...)
+ 2O CO + 2H 0 OH + CH 4 + 0 2 H 2 O + CH 3 O 2
+ 0 H O + CH O CH 3 O 2 + NO +0 2 H 2 CO + HO 2 + NO 2
O + NO +0 H CO + HO + NO CH 3 O 2 + HO 2 CH 3 OOH + O 2
O + HO CH OOH + O H 2 CO + uv H 2 + CO
CO + uv H + CO CH 3 OOH + OH H 2 O + CH 3 O 2
In sum, it is very difficult to predict the future growth of methane retention in the atmosphere, but it's likely to pickup again, especially with more aggressive mining of remaining natural gas reserves and the continued consumption of rice and cows.
There is, however, potentially, a much worse problem. A major concern, a positive feedback loop:
Note, however, that "catastrophic" release of CH 4 during period of Ice Ages may be the natural way that the Earth accelerates from a glacial period:
Known hydrate deposits ̶ found typically in continental shelf where marine organisms (microbes) actively feed on carbon and carbon related products to produce methane in the sediments.
Good overview of the hydrate "problem".
And here is a likely scenario that has happened in the geological past:
The MLS secondary transfer window opens July 10.
Atlanta United manager Gerardo Martino made it seem Tuesday that the team may not be too active.
“There's nothing special that we've asked from the directors, but we have to be attentive in the case something does arise all of a sudden, we have to be ready to add a piece to help our team,” he said.
If the team does try to sign a player, it would have to release another because each of its 30 roster spots are occupied. Though it is a business, and the team is pushing for a playoff spot as the halfway points nears, it would seem odd to release players who were specifically signed, traded for or targeted in the expansion draft for the team's inaugural season.
Martino did agree, with a laugh, that adding more tall players would be nice.
The team recently welcomed goalkeeper Brad Guzan , but he can't play with the team until the window opens.
Atlanta United (6-6-3) will play at D.C. United on Wednesday .
United States
Silicon Valley
Pew Research Center
USA
America
Bangalore University
By Dr N PrabhudevMany Indians fantasize about their life in the, and desire to live the American dream. Today,NRIs are the second largest Asian group in the US.One in every nine Indians in the US is a millionaire. One-third of the engineers inare of Indian descent, while 7% of valley hi-tech firms are led by Indian CEOs. Many people in India are proud of the successes of their 3.1 million kin who have immigrated to the US. According to the, the median income for Indian-American families in 2010 was $88,000, nearly twice the national average.Hundreds of us Indians emigrate every year: for higher education, lucrative jobs, better lifestyle propelling us into the orbit of success. In this process, we leave behind our biggest treasure - our parents. Parents who toiled away several years of their youth, spent a chunk of their retirement savings, and made sure they left no stone unturned to get us to our destination. It is on these stooped shoulders that we stood tall so we could reach unimaginable heights. No, they don't remind us of this. Empty nest syndrome is a feeling of grief and loneliness parents may feel when their children leave home, such as to live on their own or go abroad. Since young adults moving out from their families' house is generally a normal and healthy event, the symptoms of empty nest syndrome often go unrecognized. This can result in depression and a loss of purpose for parents, since the departure of their children from “the nest” leads to adjustments in parents' lives.But between the broad smiles, behind the cheerful exterior and in those moist eyes lies an untold story - A tale of loneliness, anxiety, fear and uncertainty that they would rather leave untold. After the initial euphoria has settled, realization dawns that one's children are miles away, thousands of miles. Worry for the safety and wellness of their children takes over their minds. Regular phone calls are reassuring but knowing that one cannot aid or be aided bothers. The anxiety of being away from one's children in times of illness and emergencies sets in.What about our duty as their children? What do we give them beyond materialistic happiness and intermittent bouts of satisfaction? They are happy for us, proud of our achievements and watch our progress from a distance. They are not going to complain and will continue to take things in their stride. Although, the fear of ageing without their children and uncertainty of how life will unfold is at the back of their minds, they will rarely, if ever, give us a glimpse of this unease. Parents love their children and children love their children. Old parents love their children and children's children too equally. Life inis just related to your profession. The madness to achieve and Excel is overbearing. The loans taken to study are huge and it affects your entire family. When it's payback time after getting a job, it takes 4–5 years to financially settle and build on savings. Moreover, the work here is contracted where you can be terminated at anytime. Your life is heavily dependent on money in the USA. Getting a job as you age may be difficult. Initially, they are home sick. Office, family and children take their time. Then they form a intimate group for festivities and functions virtually on weekends. This life goes on. Bringing up children without family ties would make them individualistic and they would accept that they have to do everything for themselves with no one to trust/take care.Spending time with grandchildren can be challenging too as they may not understand their ‘foreign' accents and have a hard time communicating if the grandchild does not speak their language. After high school, most likely they would move out of the house and settle somewhere else and end up in the same cycle as us. They would be left with some stranger throughout their childhood. Raising children from birth to 7 years is next to impossible.Children need not only the love and guidance from their parents, but also the role-modeling necessary to make them strong. The children go to daycare. Our children wouldn't be connected to their family (as we can afford to go to India only once in 1–2 years). We would not be able to spend time with them as we would be busy earning money for their education, college, and necessities of life; we are busy in the office. This process is neither helping our parents, nor our children and us. There are no easy solutions for some issues. We made a choice in leaving our home and our parents. We learn that money cannot buy our parents' happiness and our own children's security of joint family. The children may remain disconnected. NRIs have a love hate relationship with America. They love it for what it has given them; they loathe it for what it is giving to their children. Indian Americans love the unfettered freedom of, but when their kids start loving it too, they panic. There is glorification in a vain to insulate the child from the decadence of an American adolescence. The result is a generation gap - a rift that widens with every passing birthday. When we go to the USA and start life, we buy a house which would be extremely expensive. There is no domestic help and sharing chores with family after a tiring day can be killing. This is the story of three generations: Parents in old age homes, children in daycare, and we in the office.(The author is a former Vice-Chancellor of
The "Gestalt prayer" is a 56-word statement by psychotherapist Fritz Perls that is taken as a classic expression of Gestalt therapy as way of life model of which Dr. Perls was a founder.
The key idea of the statement is the focus on living in response to one's own needs, without projecting onto or taking introjects from others. It also expresses the idea that it is by fulfilling their own needs that people can help others do the same and create space for genuine contact; that is, when they "find each other, it's beautiful."
Text of "prayer" [ edit ]
I do my thing and you do your thing.
I am not in this world to live up to your expectations,
And you are not in this world to live up to mine.
You are you, and I am I,
and if by chance we find each other, it's beautiful.
If not, it can't be helped.
(Fritz Perls, "Gestalt Therapy Verbatim", 1969)
Impact and legacy [ edit ]
The prayer is well known in gestalt and psychotherapy circles, where it is generally taken as a summarizing statement of the philosophy of personal independence central to gestalt therapy. This philosophy still attracts critics, generally arguing that interpersonal relationships require real, hard work to maintain. Supporters counter that an attitude of independence does not refute this, but rather encourages people to realize that relationships need not be founded on obligation or expectation. The prayer remains popular in general culture, although the last line is sometimes omitted.[1][2] In academic discussion, it sometimes acts as a starting point for debate around issues of autonomy and interdependence.[3][4][5] It must be added, however, that it does not characterize Gestalt therapy in general, but rather Fritz Perls' personal attitude during the time at the Esalen Institute.
The statement "I am not in this world to live up to your expectations" was used by the reggae artist Peter Tosh in his 1977 song "I Am That I Am".
Analysis
EDMONTON — Federal NDP Leader Tom Mulcair suffered an unprecedented defeat Sunday as 52 per cent of delegates at the party's convention in downtown Edmonton voted in favour of naming a new leader. Though Mulcair will remain in charge until a replacement is chosen, his party has decided its future lies elsewhere.
It is the first example in history of a federal party leader failing to secure the minimum level of support from members of his party required to win a confidence vote.
The astonishingly low rate of support for Mulcair revealed a deep split in a party still reeling from last fall's unexpected election loss. Though the NDP looked set to form government when the writ dropped last year, as the campaign wore on the New Democrats were outflanked on their left by the more telegenic Justin Trudeau, and ended up finishing a distant third.
An unusual confluence of factors in the last few months and through the weekend — open dispute between opposing factions within the party, a global swell of support behind anti-establishment politicians and the convention's location, which encouraged a strong turnout from Alberta in a party otherwise dominated by central Canada — led to Mulcair losing support from both the radical left and the moderate wings of his party.
The poor result in October's election gave new energy to factions within the party long unhappy with Mulcair's more centrist approach. Further inspired by the successes of socialists like U.S. Democrat Bernie Sanders, and U.K. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, they renewed a push to have the NDP adopt more aggressively left-wing policies, including the Leap Manifesto, endorsed by the likes of Naomi Klein and Avi Lewis.
Tensions ran high throughout the three-day convention, both on the convention floor and in the hallways behind it. The party's activist wing found itself increasingly at odds with other factions, especially the sizeable Alberta delegation, which fears the Leap Manifesto's anti-pipeline and anti-oil rhetoric will damage the provincial party and Premier Rachel Notley.
Meanwhile, the Alberta faction seemed equally furious with Mulcair, who told the CBC last week he would support the Leap Manifesto if the party voted for it.
Within moments of the announcement of the leadership result, a motion was passed to give the party up to 24 months to hold a leadership race.
Mulcair took the stage shortly afterward, looking ashen-faced.
“The only thing that is important is that we leave here united,” he said in French. “With a vote like this one, it's clear that we are deeply divided on this matter and I would like to say to each and every one of you that the person who replaces me must have the absolute and complete support of 100 per cent of the members of the NDP.”
“There were tears,” said NDP MP Peter Julian. “I think there was the election, I think there are a number of different feelings. Every delegate would have made their decision on a different basis.”
Support for Mulcair seemed to wane over the course of the three-day convention as a succession of union leaders and delegates openly declared against him. When the 1,800 delegates who trekked to the convention from across the country entered the hall on the final day, they were greeted by orange pamphlets encouraging them to vote to trigger a leadership contest.
When the results were announced, members of the Socialist Caucus — a fringe group that had agitated against Mulcair ahead of the convention — jumped into the air and pumped their fists.
The news was also welcomed by delegates who supported the Leap Manifesto. The controversial document became a point of contention here in the capital of oil country for its it condemnations of pipelines and call for a full transition away from fossil fuels within a decade.
Just before the party voted to dethrone Mulcair, it endorsed a resolution that will see the manifesto debated by individual riding associations.
It took only a few hours before the predictions of those who feared the impact of the Leap Manifesto were proven true. After the resolution's adoption, Alberta's Wildrose Party issued a statement linking it to Notley's attempts to implement a strict climate-change policy in the province.
“Premier Notley sold her carbon tax, coal industry shutdown and a cap on oilsands development to Albertans with the promise that it would provide the credibility we need to get opponents of pipelines on board — that these policies would get ‘social licence,'” Wildrose Leader Brian Jean said. “Today Premier Notley's social licence experiment was put to the test and it failed.”
It is going to ruin the NDP not just federally, but provincially as well. This is going to destroy all of us
The divisions exposed over the Leap Manifesto and its approach to resource extraction may prove the biggest single influence on the decisions the federal party now faces about leadership, and may affect the Notley government's future in Alberta, as well. “It made me really disappointed to be a part of the federal New Democrats,”said Alberta delegate Bryce Kenzie. “I don't think that the rest of the New Democratic caucus understands that voting for this Leap resolution will cause a huge backlash against the provincial NDP and all the hard work that 54 new MLAs have done.
“It is going to ruin the NDP not just federally, but provincially as well. This is going to destroy all of us,” Kenzie said.
Mulcair tried to rally support Sunday morning ahead of the vote with a tepid speech to delegates.
“We made mistakes that cost us a victory in October, and for that I take responsibility,” he said. As he spoke of the election defeat, he teared up, his voice breaking.
Most delegates offered applause, and even a few standing ovations during the speech, but the enthusiasm in the room came nowhere close to the level enjoyed by Notley, who delivered a rousing speech on Saturday.
“If you keep standing with me, then together, we will never stop fighting,” Mulcair said as party delegates briefly took to their feet. “So stand with me.”
In the end, not enough did.
National Post, with files from Tristin Hopper
Although crime in England's capital was on the decline in the mid-19th century, thanks in part to the relatively recent formation of the London Metropolitan Police Force in 1839, fear of crime was a persistent, reoccurring issue thanks to a few instances of robbery and murder, and, of course, the news media. In particular, the so-called “garrotting” cases, where someone strangles someone else, often using their arm or a length of wire, cord, or cloth, seemed to touch the rawest nerve with the people of London, with the fear of garrotting reaching a fever-pitch in the 1860s.
Exactly when enterprising ruffians first realised that they could increase their odds of successfully robbing a person dramatically by placing that person in a chokehold first isn't clear, since many crimes back in those days often went unreported due to a general mistrust of the police amongst poorer folk. However, historic letters written by purported survivors of garrotting sent to various London newspapers date back to at least 1850. A popular theory is that the practise was first thought up by criminals on convict ships, where guards would often use roughly applied chokeholds to quickly knock out an aggressive criminal, hopefully without causing any long lasting injuries. It's believed that this coldly efficient method of putting someone down was picked up by criminals who inevitably began using it in their day-to-day criminal dealings.
The weird thing about garrotting and how widely it was reported at the time is that it doesn't actually appear to have been all that common; even during the supposed height of the “garrotting panic of 1862”. So why the panic? As it turns out, although garrotting itself was never a major problem in London, newspapers from the era positively loved reporting on it. This led to the few isolated cases that did happen being blown way out of proportion and reported on to such an extent that the people of London were led to believe the streets were filled to the brim with roving rabbles of ruffians armed with lengths of wire.
Newspapers' coverage of garrotting exploded in 1862 when an MP called Hugh Pilkington was strangled and robbed of his watch on his way home from the House of Commons. Pilkington survived, but news of the incident was widely reported on to such an extent that Parliament pushed through the Security from Violence Act in 1863. Under the terms of this new act of Parliament, criminals convicted of any violent theft could be punished with “up to 50 lashes” along with a hefty prison sentence.
Following the attack, the police similarly became noticeably more heavy-handed, presumably in an attempt to reassure the public that they were “doing something” about the problem. London's streets were flooded with plain clothes police officers; minor crimes, like pickpocketing, that had previously been punished with a small fine, suddenly became issues for the courts.
In an effort to prove that they were stomping down on garrotting in particular, the police also began classifying regular robberies and even drunken brawls as instances of garrotting, to fudge their numbers. This is similar to how in the 1930s they would often list instances of theft as “lost property” to make it appear as though those crimes didn't happen as often as they actually did.
By far the most ridiculous by-product of the panic were the devices invented to dissuaded potential garrotters. Various designs of hulking neck-collars with large spikes were patented. A cravat with a blade sewn into the hem (meant to either cut the attacker's arm or the device he was using to strangle you) was also a thing.
But perhaps the greatest example of the extreme lengths people went to back then to protect themselves from garrotting was invented by gun maker Henry Ball and patented in 1858- the “Anti-Garrotter Belt Pistol”. This belt-gun was designed to be worn on the rear. If someone was trying to strangle you from behind, you'd discharge the weapon into said attacker's sensitive mid-section. This not only was a working device, but is now considered “among the rarest of firearms curiosa” with only a handful of specimens known to exist today. Beyond potentially taking away the ability of your attacker to have children, it no doubt also left the person firing it with a nice sized bruise and subsequent lower back pain.
Although the press continued to discuss garrotting all throughout the 1860s, actual verifiable reports of the crime dried up in 1863 right after a large amount of arrests is made in response to the passing of the previously mentioned Security from Violence Act.
As they do so often when a story reaches its saturation point, eventually the newspapers kind of forgot about garrotting and started reporting on other types of crimes, which unfortunately for their sales-rates didn't cause the same type of public panic… That is until a few murders in a small region of London's East End sent the nation into yet another panic when Jack the Ripper began his reign of terror in 1888. But that's a story for another day.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Bonus Facts:
As an example of how paranoid some members of the public were about being garrotted. In one particularly humorous case, two men in London attacked each other in self defence while walking home along the same road. After the fight, both men tried to insist to the police that they thought they were about to be the victim of a garrotting attack.
During the height of the panic, you could hire a really tall or burly man to walk you home to scare away criminals. A pair of brothers even went as far as taking out an ad which read as follows: “THE BAYSWATER BROTHERS (whose height is respectively 6 feet 4 inches and 6 feet 11, and the united breadth of whose shoulders extend to as much as 3 yards, 1 foot, 5 inches) give, respectfully, notice to the Gentry and Public of Paddington, Kensington, Stoke Newington, Chelsea, Eaton Square, and Shepherd's Bush, that they will be most happy, upon all social and jovial expeditions, such as dinner and evening parties, as well as tee-total meetings, to escort elderly or nervous persons in the streets after dark, and to wait for them during their pleasure, so as to be able to escort them home again in safety. No suburb, however dangerous, objected to. and the worst garrotting districts well known, as the Brothers, both BILL and JIM, were for several months in the Police Force. – Terms, so much a head per hour, according to the person's walk of life. A considerable reduction on taking a party of twelve or more. Distance no object. Testimonials, and ample security given.”
Spain used garroting as a method of execution up until 1974 when they executed Salvador Puig Antich and Heinz Chez in this way. Others were later sentenced to death by garroting, but ultimately the death penalty was abolished in Spain in 1978.
The guillotine became popular during the French revolution as the people's “avenger” against their tyrants, though first used on the 25th of April, 1792 to execute a common thief- Nicolas Pelletier. It continued to be used as France's main method of judicial execution until the abolition of capital punishment in France in 1981. The last person executed via the guillotine in France was a Tunisian immigrant named Hamida Djandoubi, on the 10th of September, 1977. Djandoubi was convicted for torturing and murdering his 21-year-old ex-girlfriend, Elisabeth Bousquet, in Marseille.
Expand for References
Godflesh vocalist/guitarist Justin Broadrick is recovering from a particularly nasty stomach virus. He and Godflesh bassist/co-founder Ben Green picked it up on the Continent when the English industrial masters played Hellfest in Clisson, France, last month. “We came back from Hellfest, and about three days later, both Ben and I were shitting water; we had synchronized hot and cold shivers, all this crap,” Broadrick tells us via Skype. “Literally crap. This was a week and a half ago. It went on for ages, and I still don't feel entirely right.”
As we speak, Broadrick is getting ready to leave the British Isles again—this time to perform in Japan with his acclaimed post-rock outfit, Jesu. We originally planned to ask him about Godflesh's comeback EP, Decline & Fall, and their forthcoming full-length, A World Lit Only By Fire—their first since the band went tits up in 2002. But then we decided to get some stories about the duo's upbringing in the sprawling shitscape of early '80s Birmingham, England. Broadrick ended up walking us through a stunning family history involving witchcraft, Nazis and bootleg Stranglers cassettes.
When did you and Ben first meet?
Justin Broadrick: We first actually met in the shitty council estate we both come from in East Birmingham. There's like a five-year age gap between us, but I first came across him because I was a punk rock kid—I was sporting the clothes and he spotted me. When I started hanging out with him, I was 14 and he was about 19. His other two best friends were Paul Neville, who was later in Godflesh, and Diarmuid Dalton, who is the bass player in Jesu. So that's how long we've known each other. We've all been best mates for like 31 years—well, all of us except Paul, but that's another story. That's a big chunk of time, innit? It's mental.
Do you remember how you actually started hanging out together?
At the council estate, me and this other kid used to sit around on the steps at the bottom of the flats—the American term would be “apartments,” but that suggests that they were quite luxurious. They weren't. They were shitty Birmingham council flats sat on top of a load of shitty shops. I used to sit on the steps outside with my mate and act like…well, 14-year old punk rockers. I wore my Stranglers shirt, and Ben would walk by and notice that we were into the same music he was into. I noticed him, too, because he dressed a bit like Robert Smith from the Cure, and he had the hair, too—a bit of a post-punk, gothy image. And in our area it was all just English football hooligans, who obviously frowned on people like us and frequently tried to beat us up. So when you saw someone like Ben, it was quite an exception. He said the same about us—he thought we must be the cool kids, even though we were much younger.
Somehow, we got talking on the street one day. I think I was trying to sell him a bootleg by the Stranglers. I had quite a collection of bootlegs in those days that I had, uh… liberated, loosely speaking. [Laughs] They were cassette bootlegs. I had this twin cassette deck, so I'd make dubs and try to flog them to other kids to make a few extra pennies. That seemed to be the icebreaker with Ben: I tried to sell him a bootleg of the Stranglers, live from '77 or something—which I think he bought. That was the bridge to our friendship. I think he bought it out of politeness and as a way of getting to know the so-called “cool kids.” Whereas I thought he must be the cool one, because he was older and looked like Robert Smith from the Cure. He introduced me to Paul and Diarmuid and we went from there, basically.
The first band you were in together was Fall Of Because, right?
Yeah, which was essentially the band that Ben and Paul Neville did together with a drum machine. I sort of usurped their band, basically. I think I convinced them that I should drum for their band. Basically, we all started hanging out after that first meeting in the street. I started going 'round to their houses, after people's parents went to bed. We'd either lock ourselves in one of their bedrooms or get the run of their lounge and listen to records. Someone would usually score a little bit of marijuana, so we'd smoke dope and listen to music. Classic formative stuff, you know? I had a number of primitive bands at the time, including Final, and Ben and Paul told me about their band.
The day I left school, when I was 15, I organized a concert at the Mermaid Pub in Birmingham. There was a couple of people I knew in school who had a couple of bands, and one of them was Napalm Death. I also put on Fall Of Because and Final. It was a free show, but there was only about 25 people there—which was pretty much all the people in the bands, maybe some guy and his dog. It was bullshit, but I was already desperate to put gigs on and do shit. I'd seen Fall Of Because rehearse in Ben's dad's bedroom, and they were really quite clearly influenced by the Cure—hence the guises, as well. They sounded quite like a cross between the Faith and Seventeen Seconds albums, but with a drum machine—a very pedestrian one, the cheapest drum machine you could buy. They were into the Dead Kennedys and the Buzzcocks, but they were big Black Sabbath fans as well. Ben was the one singing, but he was sort of murmuring, like, monologues. This was 1984, so they were a bit ahead of their time, really. Within a matter of months, I'd joined Napalm Death and sort of usurped Fall Of Because by presenting them with a bunch of hardcore records, like Discharge, and things like Swans and Sonic Youth. It all snowballed from there.
They got the band name from a Killing Joke song, right?
It was a combination of things, because Fall Of Because is also the title of a chapter in an Aleister Crowley book. I got into Crowley through Killing Joke because I'd read their interviews in the very early '80s when I was 11 or 12 years old. I was fascinated with their obsession with the occult. And my mum and grandmother dabbled in the occult. My nan was actually a white witch, so I was fascinated by that sort of thing anyway. Come to think of it, I'm not sure if they had the name Fall Of Because before I joined the band. I'm quite lost on that, now that you mention it, because I was the one who exposed them to Killing Joke. So I'm not sure how they come 'round to the name. I know when I first met them they called themselves OPD, which stood for Officially Pronounced Dead. And then maybe I was the one who talked them into changing it to Fall Of Because? I honestly can't remember.
Wait a minute: Your grandmother was a witch?
Oh, yeah, yeah—I thought you and I had talked about this stuff before. But we obviously haven't. [Laughs] My mum practiced witchcraft for a while as well, before she started doing drugs and before she got into religion. My mum was born in Germany, where my nan is from. Unfortunately, my nan was forced to work for the brownshirts in Nazi Germany. She was there at the end, when Berlin crumbled. My granddad was a British soldier during the war, which is how they met. They lived in Germany for a number of years in a city called Bielefeld, where my mum was born before my granddad brought them back to England. But my nan was practicing witchcraft through most of the 1930s in Germany, and my great-nan as well. So this has run through my entire family on the German side—they're all white witches, basically. But my nan was part of a coven, and was frequently found dancing naked in the woods.
You're shitting me.
I know, it's quite screwed up. [Laughs] My nan worked for a newspaper when the Nazis took over. She wasn't a journalist—she was a typist, basically. The brownshirts obviously stormed all the newspaper buildings when they took over the press. But they needed the people who worked at these places, so they made [the newspaper employees] swear themselves to Hitler. One of their tactics was what they did to my nan—they got hold of her feet and dangled her out of the top-floor window until she said she'd work for fucking Hitler. She ended up having to type up all this Hitler Youth propaganda. It was really fucked up.
A hell of a story, though...
Yeah, I grew up with all these stories. I heard them when my mum and stepdad would go 'round to my nan and granddad's house. They'd have these late night drinking sessions where they'd talk explicitly about witchcraft experiences. My great-nan died in the war, but my nan would talk about how she would still “visit” her at night. So I heard some pretty detailed stories, my nan talking about ritual swords and all these things, the whole time I was growing up. I found it all quite terrifying, irrespective of the fact that these were white witches.
Did your nan ever talk to you directly about her practice?
Barely. She was a very strange, cold German woman. She experienced so much horror during the war, especially at the end when they threw her in a concentration camp for about two months. She saw people literally being lined up and shot. So by the time I was a kid she was quite detached. When she would babysit me, I'd just sort of sit there quietly and draw because I was in fear of her and my granddad. It was quite an intimidating atmosphere. My nan came over here from Germany in 1953, when my mum was six, and she never lost her German accent. She never said much to me, but I overheard all these stories from the other room, you know what I mean? To this day, I still don't know exactly which concentration camp they shoved her into. But I know they forced all the German prisoners to stand in front of a death-pile, basically—a 30-foot tall pile of bodies. Unfathomable horror. She was also in Berlin when the Russians arrived, which is of course another well-documented horror. The Russians literally tore German civilians to pieces, and they were raping women and children. My nan experienced that as well. So she was a totally, utterly detached woman by the time I came along.
Hearing that stuff must've scared the shit out of you as kid.
I think it had a huge impact on my childhood and quite a dramatic impact on my life, to be honest. Because it was child's eyes and ears that experienced all that without the benefit of being able to talk to my nan and granddad in later years, when I was more mature—they were gone by then—I'm left with all these strange memories. It's no surprise, really, the music I went on to make.
J. Bennett knows far too many witches for his own good.
BOOM! Trump Drops A BOMB On Court That HALTED His Sanctuary City Order…
I do believe that President Trump has just about had it with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. He's looking at proposals to break it up and people will cheer him if he gets it done. That court has absolutely been stacked by progressive Marxists and makes a mockery of our legal system. It should have been broken up long ago. It doesn't represent the people and states it covers. Constantly blocking legal moves by the President of the United States is just the latest in a stream of illegal and unconstitutional moves seen from the Ninth Circuit. It has been a non-stop thorn in the side of Republicans and simply must be addressed.
The straw that broke the court's back is putting a temporary halt to Trump's executive order to cut off funding to illegal sanctuary cities. After U.S. District Judge William Orrick showed what a liberal justice whore he is once again for the left, it became glaringly obvious that the court had been weaponized for politics. This time, it will go all the way to the Supreme Court where I highly doubt Orrick's ruling will stand. There is already a bill in Congress that would break up the Ninth Circuit. I sure hope it goes through. “Shortly after November's general election, congressional Republicans started working on a bill that would remove six states from the Ninth Circuit to create a new federal judicial district. (A similar bill was stalled in Congress last year.)”
From the Washington Examiner:
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet President Trump said Wednesday that he has “absolutely” considered proposals that would split up the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, where judges have blocked two of his executive actions. “Absolutely, I have,” Trump said of considering 9th Circuit breakup proposals during a far-ranging interview with the Washington Examiner at the White House. “There are many people that want to break up the 9th Circuit. It's outrageous.” “Everybody immediately runs to the 9th Circuit. And we have a big country. We have lots of other locations. But they immediately run to the 9th Circuit. Because they know that's like, semi-automatic,” Trump said. His comments came one day after U.S. District Judge William Orrick temporarily blocked Trump's efforts to withhold funds from any municipality that refuses to cooperate with immigration enforcement officers. Orrick, based in San Francisco, argued that Trump had overstepped his authority in January when he directed the Justice Department to put immigration-related conditions on grants for so-called sanctuary cities that may not be directly related to law enforcement. The case, if appealed, would go before the 9th Circuit.
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals is overwhelmingly liberal. It is populated by judges appointed by Democrats outnumbering judges appointed by Republicans 18-7. That's not anywhere near being a balanced court and therefore they legally go rogue whenever they feel like it. They think they are untouchable, but that may come to an end sooner than they think. Americans are so done with a court that works against their best interests.
Trump has said that opponents of his policies have engaged in “judge shopping” in their efforts to find a sympathetic judicial platform for their partisan objections. “You see judge shopping, or what's gone on with these people, they immediately run to the 9th Circuit,” Trump said. “It's got close to an 80 percent reversal period, and what's going on in the 9th Circuit is a shame.” With a conservative Supreme Court and Republicans controlling both the House and the Senate, Trump's initiatives are likely to go through. But they are being needlessly stalled here.
In John Hawkins' New book, ‘101 Things All Young Adults Should Know', he teaches in chapter 51 of the book, “Prepare in case it all goes wrong.” That is what President Trump is doing here with the Ninth Circuit… he's already had the executive order sent to a higher court to overturn them. But what really needs to be done to fix this roadblock, is to split the court into two courts where partisanship and corruption have less of an influence on issues like this.
You Might Like
Speaking in a Tuesday phone conversation with Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, Zarif lashed out at Saudi Arabia for its provocative moves in the region.
He also rejected the false and dangerous claims raised by Saudi officials, and stressed that such allegations are against international laws and the UN charter.
Zarif and Johnson also conferred on bilateral ties between Tehran and London as well as regional and international issues.
The Iranian top diplomat's comments came after Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman accused Iran of “direct military aggression” which could be an “act of war.”
Saudi air defence forces intercepted a ballistic missile on Saturday fired toward the capital, Riyadh, from across the border in Yemen. The Kingdom's officials are accusing Iran of supplying the missiles to Yemen's Houthi fighters, while Iran denies such allegations.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Representative Todd Akin has defied Republican leaders' calls to leave the Missouri Senate race over his inflammatory remarks about rape, but the party is using more than words to convince him to remove his name from the November 6 ballot.
Here are some ways Akin can be pushed to leave the race against Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill, which had been considered one of the best Republican hopes for capturing the four seats the party needs to gain a majority in the 100-member U.S. Senate.
* Money. Funds are the key to politics - to pay for advertising, cover staff salaries, operate offices and finance countless other pieces of a busy campaign. The national Republican Senate committee has already said it will hold back $5 million it had earmarked for the Missouri race if Akin stays in. American Crossroads, a major conservative Super PAC, which had already spent $4.5 million in Missouri, also said it would stop spending in the state.
With the well-funded McCaskill and her supporters smelling potential victory and ready to spend millions of dollars in a race the Democrats also desperately want to win, that loss of financial support could be devastating for Akin.
* Support. With Republicans from all quarters of the party asking Akin to step aside, he cannot expect to spend time campaigning with better-known figures. Presidential candidate Mitt Romney has said he wants Akin to go, and so has Missouri's current Republican senator, Roy Blunt.
Akin, who represents a district in the St. Louis suburbs, is not well-known statewide. He won 36 percent of the vote in the primary two weeks ago, just 6 points ahead of the second-place finisher, so he would miss the big-name support.
* Profile. The party can keep Akin out of national and local events. Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, has already said he does not want Akin to attend next week's national convention in Tampa, Florida.
Local Republicans can also keep Akin away. The Butler County (Missouri) Republican Central Committee has already unanimously disinvited Akin to its Reagan Day Dinner on September 8.
* Pressure. Some anti-abortion groups have come out on Akin's behalf, but their politically savvy leaders would be aware they have little to gain by falling out of favor with Republican leaders by doing too much for him.
State and national Republican committees can also pressure Akin's finance chairmen and other local officials to back away or risk losing their own positions within the party.
* Boots off the ground. With the national party shunning Akin, he cannot make use of the Republicans' state “Victory” offices, which run phone banks and send out volunteers to knock on doors on behalf of state and local Republican candidates.
“It's like he's become a third-party candidate. He has none of the advantages of being the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate right now,” Republican strategist Matt Mackowiak said.
*Incentives. It is not clear whether Akin accumulated debt during his primary - his campaign does not have to file its next financial report until October 15. As of July 18, his campaign had $531,560 cash in the bank and no debt and had raised at least $80,313 - including some $20,000 in the past 14 hours.
But if he does have debts, the national party could offer to pay them off in exchange for a graceful departure.
The party could also help him find a well-paying job. Akin is a six-term U.S. congressman and a Republican U.S. Senate nominee who was leading in polls by about 10 points before his controversial comments on Sunday. Leaving the race would likely end his political career, a blow that could be softened considerably with a lucrative position.
Photo illustration by Slate
In the 1980s, when Brian Sheppard created a computer program that played Scrabble, he typed in a lot of words—more than 100,000 of them, from the Official Scrabble Players Dictionary and Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary. His program, Maven, revolutionized how expert players thought about and played Scrabble. (It also beat them.) Sheppard continued to update his software by hand until 1996, when a Scrabble player who helped assemble the third edition of the OSPD gave him the words via a digital file. Electronic word lists have circulated freely ever since.
These lists power the Internet Scrabble Club, a real-time playing room created by a Scrabbler in Romania. They also fuel study and analysis tools with names like Zyzzyva, Zarf, Quackle, and Elise. But the lists are samizdat—gray-market e-documents traded in the small but intense Scrabble community, which is filled with programmers and math brainiacs. Hasbro Inc., which owns the rights to the game in North America, and Merriam-Webster Inc., which publishes its official lexicons, have never publicly released the digital lists. At the same time, they have never attempted to control their spread—until now.
After two decades, Hasbro is cracking down on the dissemination and use of the word lists, and is seeking to license their use. Players are worried about the future of the programs, apps, and websites that are indispensable to the modern game, and they're resentful that a multibillion-dollar corporation is hamstringing the developers who designed the Scrabble tools (for no pay) and distributed them (usually for free). The company's action also raises an intriguing legal question: Can a list of words be copyrighted?
The lexical kerfuffle began over the summer, when Merriam-Webster published, to much publicity—selfie! hashtag! bromance!—a new, fifth edition of the OSPD. The book contains more than 100,000 words, including 5,000 new ones, of two through eight letters plus inflections. Purged of words labeled “offensive,” the OSPD includes definitions and parts of speech and is intended for home and school play. Separately, Merriam-Webster published a third edition of the Official Tournament and Club Word List. The OWL is sold only to members of the North American Scrabble Players Association, or NASPA; as its name suggests, it governs play in about 150 clubs and more than 300 tournaments a year in North America. The OWL is a straight alphabetical list—no definitions or other descriptive matter—of every word two through 15 letters long acceptable in competitive Scrabble, including the dirty ones, a total of nearly 188,000. It is the primary focus of the ongoing controversy.
While Merriam-Webster publishes both the OSPD and OWL, Hasbro claims the copyright on them. Like any dictionaries, the paper-and-ink books are rabbit holes for word lovers. But competitive Scrabble runs on digital sources. The program Zyzzyva, for instance, allows players to set parameters on words—like length or probability, meaning the likelihood of a word being plucked from a set of 100 tiles—and then solve anagrams one at a time. Players use Zyzzyva to learn and review words, and laptops loaded with the program adjudicate word challenges at tournaments.
Shortly before the National Scrabble Championship this August, Hasbro told NASPA that it had concerns about the revised word lists getting loose. It wanted to ensure that digital versions of the new OSPD and OWL were not freely downloadable from applications that contained them, as the current lists often have been. Hasbro said Zyzzyva was in violation of the company's copyright.
Zyzzyva's creator, Michael Thelen—who designed the program in 2005 as a personal study tool and then shared it with fellow players—was worried about getting sued. He also wanted to ensure that players had access to the new words. So he sold Zyzzyva to NASPA.
NASPA, which reported total revenue last year of $245,775, then negotiated with Hasbro, which reported revenue of more than $4 billion. One person involved in that negotiation said that Hasbro asked for a “significant” annual fee to license the use of the new word lists. The parties agreed on a smaller, one-time payment that will make the OWL and OSPD available through Zyzzyva to dues-paying NASPA members only, with coding tweaked to prevent the word lists from being extracted in large chunks. Hasbro's vice president for gaming marketing, Jonathan Berkowitz, declined to comment on the payment. “There are all sorts of legal reasons to set up licensing arrangements the way we do,” he told me. Berkowitz added: “Our goal is not to monetize NASPA. Our goal is really about the democratization of this game and getting as many people this content as possible.”
Competitive Scrabblers see Hasbro's action as restricting, not democratizing. No one disputes that the company is entitled to protect and control what it considers its intellectual property, especially against commercial challenges. But for decades, players, not Hasbro, created the physical and intellectual stuff—word lists, tournaments, ratings systems, study aides, equipment—that turned the company's trademarked game, invented by an out-of-work architect in the 1930s, into a sophisticated and media-friendly subculture. (I wrote a book about it.) “We've done it as a labor of love,” César Del Solar, who developed the anagramming website Aerolith, told me. “We didn't try to do this to make any profit. We did it to help ourselves get better and help other players get better, to have a community.”
A nonprofit managed by players and financed mostly by dues and participation fees from 2,300 members, NASPA is trying to keep that community together—without antagonizing its corporate overlord. The group has and wants to keep a license to use the word “Scrabble” in its name and activities, and it's trying to rekindle Hasbro's interest in bankrolling tournament play. (For almost two decades, Hasbro spent as much as $700,000 or $800,000 a year on competitive Scrabble but eliminated nearly all support for clubs and tournaments in 2008.) “As a result, this did not seem like a hill to die on,” a NASPA executive wrote on Facebook during a recent discussion of the word list and licensing plans.
Take out the lawyers-and-money imbalance between the two sides, though, and it would be a tempting hill to storm. While there's no doubt that dictionaries are protected under U.S. copyright law, the copyrightability of a list of words isn't as cut and dried.
Dictionaries enjoy copyright protection for two main reasons: Their creators make judgments about what words to include, and entries feature definitions and other original material. (Just last week, a federal court in Massachusetts ruled against a plaintiff who wanted to copy and repurpose the bulk of Merriam-Webster's Collegiate, including definitions, for his own dictionary.) But in 1991, in Feist Publications Inc. v. Rural Telephone Service Co., the Supreme Court decided that a phone company wasn't entitled to a copyright on its white pages. That's because the list of names and numbers lacked an important requirement: originality.
The definition-free OWL and a words-only version of the OSPD might be said to resemble the phone book. The facts in them—the individual words themselves—wouldn't be considered “original” and likely couldn't be copyrighted. But the lists might represent “an original selection or arrangement of facts,” as Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote in Feist. “These choices as to selection and arrangement, so long as they are made independently by the compiler and entail a minimal degree of creativity,” she wrote, “are sufficiently original that Congress may protect such compilations through the copyright laws.”
The fundamental question, then: Is a Scrabble word list minimally creative, or is its compilation as rote as a phone book?
Since the OSPD was first published in 1978, the creation of a set of official Scrabble words has been a collaboration between players and Merriam-Webster. The eight editions of the Scrabble books (the OWL was first published in 1996) have taken words from 14 sources: five printings of Merriam-Webster's Collegiate plus nine editions of dictionaries from five other publishers—Funk & Wagnalls, American Heritage, Webster's New World, Random House, and Oxford. Volunteers from the Scrabble community scour the dictionaries to identify words that meet the game's rules and that are new to the game. Merriam-Webster lexicographers vet the words, write short definitions for the OSPD, and publish the books.
All of that takes thousands of hours of work. But work is irrelevant to copyright; Feist rejected what's known as the sweat-of-the-brow doctrine. Instead, the legal question might center on whether the raw lists are “original” enough to justify protection—especially the definition-free OWL, which differs substantially from the OSPD. The rules for compilation are straightforward: words between two and 15 letters long; no proper names, hyphens, apostrophes, or abbreviations; no words considered foreign. “You can have a million interns working at a million typewriters to derive all of these words and go through every page of every dictionary,” says Aaron Williamson, an intellectual property lawyer with the firm Tor Ekeland P.C. in Brooklyn, New York. “If all they've done is say this one meets the Scrabble rules and this one doesn't, they probably haven't done enough to deserve a copyright.”
Hasbro disagrees. “We have a curated word list that is created for the purpose of playing the game and directly relates to playing the game. That's copyrightable,” Berkowitz, the Hasbro executive, says. “From Hasbro's perspective, the two are grouped together and we see them as one and the same.”
Even if a judge agreed with that line of argument, there are other reasons Hasbro might be in an awkward legal position if it went after a Scrabble tool for using the word lists. For one, a court might not look kindly on the fact that the lists were compiled using volunteer labor; Scrabble players aren't paid for their work. Plus, Hasbro has almost never policed underground usage of the lists. (It did shut down the copycat game Scrabulous in 2008, not because of the words but because the game violated Hasbro's board design and other trademarks.) The company hasn't even been especially attentive in house. The official Scrabble app made by Hasbro licensee Electronic Arts lists Merriam-Webster, not Hasbro, as the copyright holder of the OSPD, and it doesn't even mention the OWL, which the app seems to employ (dirty words are playable). The EA app also doesn't acknowledge sources for Italian, German, and Portuguese word-list options.
Finally, Hasbro has never received permission from other dictionary publishers to use their words to compile the OSPD and OWL, nor has it credited them by name. But even if Hasbro were to argue that it legally borrowed only a small number of words from the non-Merriam-Webster dictionaries, Williamson said the company could face a “copyright misuse” problem: that is, suing for infringement of its own word lists when it's making unlicensed use of word lists from other publishers.
Then there's the question of whether the use of word lists by programs like Zyzzyva are covered by fair use. Three of the four fair-use criteria seem to tip against Hasbro. The use of the copyrighted material is for “nonprofit or educational purposes” (to help Scrabble players learn words, not to make money by selling a product); the material is highly factual (lists of words); and the use has little impact on the market for or value of the copyrighted work (people still buy the dead-tree OWL, Hasbro has been unconcerned by past use of the digital lists, and the company hasn't entered the tiny market for advanced Scrabble study tools).
The fourth fair-use criterion—the “amount and substantiality of the portion used”—could be trickier. In Hasbro's favor, it's clear that Scrabble app-makers would need to borrow the entirety of the new OWL for their products to be useful. But developers could argue that Scrabblers only access small chunks of the lists at a time, and they could disable functions that allow users to download the words. (Zyzzyva is encrypting the word lists now.) That could make the facts of a Scrabble lawsuit similar to those in two recent cases, Google Books and TVEyes, in which courts ruled in favor of defendants who created huge databases of material—books in the first case, TV and radio broadcasts in the second—but made only small portions available to users at any one time.*
For now, these are all academic questions, because Scrabble programmers seem disinclined to challenge deep-pocketed Hasbro. “To be honest, I am not interested in any kind of legal battle,” says Gordon Dow, the creator of the free word-lookup app Zarf. “Any legal complications might certainly dissuade me from updating,” says Mick West, who designed a similar app, CheckWord, which offers free and 99-cent versions. Del Solar, the Aerolith website programmer, says, “If Hasbro comes after me, I'd have to take down the site.”
Meanwhile, Scrabble techies have created a renegade digital version of the new OWL by performing optical character recognition on the physical book, though it isn't circulating on the Web. (Not yet, anyway. “WikiLeaks, anyone?” one player told me.) Introduction of the updated OWL was scheduled for Dec. 1 but has been delayed while Zyzzyva gets reprogrammed and NASPA figures out what to do about the other apps.
There's a simple solution that wouldn't stifle the creation of the next cool Scrabble tool and would give players access to the words on whatever platform they like. Hasbro could let developers use the lists upon request, at no charge but with a requirement to post a copyright notice. That's what HarperCollins, which publishes the word list that governs English-language play outside North America (and is gaining traction at tournaments here), has done with programs including Zyzzyva. If someone tried to monetize an application that employed the lists without permission, well, that's why companies have lawyers.
And if Hasbro liked a Scrabble app that bubbled up from such a modified open-source culture, it could reward innovation. That's how the company made its official Scrabble CD-ROM in the late 1990s. It bought Brian Sheppard's Maven.
*Correction, Sept. 30, 2014: Due to a production error, this piece originally misstated that the TVEyes case was heard by a federal appeals court. It was ruled on by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. (Return.)
Kenshi is an open world RPG RTS developed by lofigames, which, for the most part consisted of one man — Chris hunt. Chris has been expanding the team working on Kenshi and it has shown in each monthly update.
When you hear “open world RPG RTS”, you probably wonder what the hell that means. Well, Kenshi has the general presentation and systems of an RTS, allowing you to move units, build a base and battle from a higher plane of existence. Unlike an RTS, you're not controlling a bunch of no-name, replaceable lackeys. Each unit in Kenshi is treated as importantly as the next. This treatment doesn't end with units belonging to you. Each unit you own and recruit starts no stronger than the weakest of NPCs – though you may be able to recruit some more skilled individuals, for a price. This is where the RPG elements come into play. Each unit has their own unique level, skills and inventory.
In Kenshi, you can start from various backgrounds. From a single man without a penny, to a group aspiring to build their own kingdom, to an individual of much luck who happens upon a legendary sword. Each background just determines how easy it is to start up in Kenshi and, to an extent, what you'll start the game by doing. For example, you may start by building your own small outpost which you can use for researching, crafting and building. If you've picked one of the more combat-oriented beginnings, you can roam the land, hiring recruits and taking your enemies to the blade. No matter your beginnings, though, these characters don't really matter. There is no single character who will die and engage a “game over” scenario.
Kenshi May sound incredibly ambitious – and it is – but it doesn't drown in its own ambition and instead flourishes. Taking elements many in the gaming community have long spoke of mixing and creating a fine balance between them – and in alpha, no less – Kenshi has nowhere to go but Up.
You can buy Kenshi from the lofi site: http://lofigames.com/
It can also be purchased on Steam: http://store.steampowered.com/app/233860/
It is worth noting that Kenshi is currently at a reduced price due to it being Early Access.
[EDIT: Pidgey is now for sale at https://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/460223022/lifesize-pidgey-plush]
Having just finished a lunch-time walk around my hometown that comprised of nothing but Pidgeys, Ratatas and Spearows, I began to wonder about the poor people who were missing out on this disapointment, and so I had an idea.
Unable to play Pokémon Go? Phone too low spec, no data plan or just temporarily out of battery? Then this is for you! The Rural Pokémon Go Simulator! Just place Pidgey around the house or on the path as you go out for walks and you'll get the same experience as the rest of us rural players.
You can even throw things at Pidgey if you really want, but for the real “no Pokestops around so constantly out of Pokeballs” experience then look at your phone, frown, and continue on your way.
Find Pidgeys around the home…
… at your desk …
… anywhere is a Pidgey spawn!
I'll post the sewing pattern so you can make your own Pidgey soon :3 Re-live that “waiting for the release day” hype!
tl;dr: I made a life-sized plushie Pidgey.
Hamilton say they won't stand in Hendrie's way if acceptable offer is made
Hendrie said his dream is to play at
As a boyhood Celtic fan and a huge admirer of the English Premier League, Stephen Hendrie could soon face a dilemma if interest in the left-back solidifies into concrete bids.
As Sportmail revealed recently, Hamilton chairman Les Gray is bracing himself for a £2million offer from West Ham for the latest gem off the New Douglas Park production line.
And on Sunday, Celtic joined the long list of clubs watching the gifted teenager when Ronny Deila's assistant John Collins scouted Hendrie during Accies' 1-0 win at St Johnstone.
Stephen Hendrie has been linked with a number of Premier League clubs as well as Celtic
If the 19-year old would find it difficult choosing between potential suitors in the east end of London and Glasgow, however, he is more clear-cut on other issues.
He has no doubt in his mind that he is old enough to make the next big step in his career, provided the right bid is received by the New Douglas Park club.
‘I'm 20 next week,' said Hendrie, who has helped Hamilton into third in the Scottish Premiership but is out of contract at the end of the season.
‘I don't think that's too young or too old to move from Hamilton.
‘I'm a Celtic fan and obviously the (English) Premier League is one of the best leagues in the world.
Hendrie has made more than 100 appearances for the Hamilton first team
‘That's my dream - you want to reach as high a level as you can and if I can get to the Premier League that would be brilliant.
‘But the Accies would need to see if it's the right offer. If it is, they say they'll never stand in anybody's way. They are a great club like that. If they accepted it, there is not much I could do.
‘It's good massive clubs are getting mentioned. But I just want to get my head down and keep doing well.
‘Just now, the Accies are flying and I'm loving every minute of it. We just want to finish as high as we can.'
With over 100 first-team appearances for Accies before the age of 20, Hendrie is following a similar path tread by James McArthur and James McCarthy. Both gained experience at Accies before finding fame and fortune down south as FA Cup winners with Wigan before moving to Crystal Palace and Everton, respectively.
The 19-year-old believes he is ready to make a move to a bigger club
Accies manager Alex Neil has long stated nothing would please him more than to see the next generation of gems in Lanarkshire win a life-changing big-money move.
But he has warned Hendrie and Scottish Premiership leading scorer Tony Andreu that if they get distracted by transfer speculation this month they risk their starting places.
‘The boys all know that, if they continue to do well here, if something does crop up, we won't stand in their way,' said Neil.
‘But if they take their eye off the ball and think they will get their move without anything happening then they could find themselves out the team and that move will quickly disappear.
‘But they are all completely focused. Not one of them has mentioned a single thing about transfers.
Hamilton manager Alex Neil says the club won't stand in Hendrie's way if the right offer came in
‘We've had no contact at all so far for any of our players.
‘It's still early days in January but most clubs, unless they are prepared to pay top dollar, will wait and try and get their targets on the cheap.
‘We don't want to sell anyone but at the same time we are a selling club. And this club is good at making sure it gets the maximum for anybody moving on.
‘If we receive a deal which is right for the player and the club, we won't stand in their way. But no one will be leaving here on the cheap.'
Should Accies swell their coffers this month, their tried-and-trusted youth development-focused business model will remain.
But the Hamilton boss said that the club have not received any contact regarding any of their players
While being third in the league is a source of pride for Neil, so too is the Accies Under-20s being three clear of Aberdeen at the top of the SPFL Development League.
‘Any money which comes will go back into the youth academy,' continued the manager.
‘I might potentially get some money to sign somebody but it will be a free transfer. We won't spend any money buying someone.
‘We are very well run, and when someone else goes, we will generally replace them with one of our younger players.
TEMPE, Ariz. -- With the ink on Larry Fitzgerald's restructured contracted barely dry, it's time to look at what Arizona may do with the extra cap room the Pro Bowl receiver provided them. Arizona has 15 free agents left to sign after securing punter Dave Zastudil last month, but they won't bring them all back.
I ranked all 15 from the highest priority to lowest and told you why:
Karlos Dansby -- He's coming off a career season and was a main cog in a defense that kept getting better. Arizona would take a step back without him.
Matt Shaughnessy -- He filled in better than expected at outside linebacker after injuries decimated the unit, and his length and power coupled with his speed make him a threat from the outside in Todd Bowles' defense.
Andre Roberts -- The Cardinals need a speed receiver to take the top off defenses, but then again, Cardinals coach Bruce Arians had Roberts last year and barely used him.
Antoine Cason -- He proved himself as a tough corner and nickel back after Tyrann Mathieu went down late last season. That could be valuable tape come time to prove his worth to the powers that be.
Eric Winston -- As the season went on, Winston got better, allowing just one sack in the final nine games, according to Pro Football Focus. While left tackle is more important for the Cards, Winston could be the right fit to return at right tackle.
Rashard Mendenhall -- Bringing back Mendenhall isn't a huge priority because it's likely that Andre Ellington takes over the every-down role, but Mendenhall can return in his previous role and continue to mentor Ellington.
Frostee Rucker -- Rucker was the perfect kind of backup for the Cardinals' vaunted defensive line, and at the right price, he could be continued in that role and be a good mentor as the defense continues to grow.
Jay Feely -- Feely was consistent last season, even clutch at times, but a few late season misses left his future with the team in question.
Yeremiah Bell -- Bell provides veteran leadership in a very young secondary but at 35, he's slowing down.
Javier Arenas -- Arenas saw the field most on special teams as a kick returner but was only able to return 23 kicks this year and often frustrated Arians with his decision making. He's a defensive back, too but hasn't impressed in either role.
Jim Dray -- A starter in 2013 Dray was a run blocker but never blossomed into an offense weapon. The Cardinals could find another option who's a combination of both.
Bryan McCann -- McCann filled a much-needed role as a gunner across from Justin Bethel when Teddy Williams went down. McCann's role next year will depend on if Williams is brought back.
Mike Gibson -- Gibson was a steady backup on the offensive line and a special teams player in all 16 games, but his return in 2014 will depend on if his $715,000 is worth it for a backup.
Kory Sperry -- Active for just eight of 16 games, Sperry saw most of his playing time on special teams.
Enough With The Rainbow Tables: What You Need To Know About Secure Password Schemes
Thomas Ptacek , Matasano
SRP is a challenge-response protocol that lets a server prove you know your password without your password ever hitting the wire.
SRP doesnt require you to store plaintext passwords; you store non-reversable cryptographic verifiers.
Cracking SRP verifiers quickly would involve a significant advancement to cryptography.
SRP is simple enough to run out of browser Javascript. Awesome! Why arent you using SRP right now? Ill give you three reasons: SRP is patented.
To make it work securely in a browser, you have to feed the login page over SSL; otherwise, like Meebo, you wind up with a scheme that can be beaten by anyone who can phish a web page.
SRP is easy to fuck up, so the first N mainstream Rails or PHP or Pylons SRP implementations are going to be trivially bypassable for at least the first year after theyre deployed. . What have we learned? We learned that if its 1975, you can set the ARPANet on fire with rainbow table attacks. If its 2007, and rainbow table attacks set you on fire, we learned that you should go back to 1975 and wait 30 years before trying to design a password hashing scheme. We learned that if we had learned anything from this blog post, we should be consulting our friends and neighbors in the security field for help with our password schemes, because nobody is going to find the game-over bugs in our MD5 schemes until after my Moms credit card number is being traded out of a curbside stall in Tallinn, Estonia. We learned that in a password hashing scheme, speed is the enemy. We learned that MD5 was designed for speed. So, we learned that MD5 is the enemy. Also Jeff Atwood and Richard Skrenta. Finally, we learned that if we want to store passwords securely we have three reasonable options: PHKs MD5 scheme, Provos-Mazieres Bcrypt scheme, and SRP. We learned that the correct choice is Bcrypt. This blog post was brought to you in part by a grant from the Jon M. Olin Foundation. Major underwriting for Matasano Chargen is provided by Archer Daniel Midland Company. ADM: Feeding A Hungry World. And of course, readers like you! [Ã¢??] Disclaimer: I cannot actually flunk your PCI audit.
Comments
The information, views, and opinions contained on this page are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of SecurityFocus.
I've been designing websites since 1996, albeit them not being very pretty at the time, of course. None were, actually, something you might or might not remember, depending on your age. Most of my design during the 90s and early 00s were for my own benefit, projects I started. At one time I had 37 gaming websites running (in Swedish), which was madness of course…
Anyway, post-dotcom and I've found myself doing a fair share of design work for clients. This last year's been a good one for me, so I thought I'd share my design process with you guys. Maybe it'll help you organize your work a bit better. Or not.
First, Consider the Problem
To me, every design is a problem. That means I need to evaluate it, turn it around, and assess every possible kink in the design. This could include making decisions that I know are easy to implement code-wise, especially if it's a time-crunched job.
This is also when I figure out what the design want to say to the visitor, and take the directions given by the client.
Second, Bring Out the Sketchbook
I do design sketches by hand, usually pretty rough ones these days, before I even fire up the workstation. Doing the sketches by hand can usually make sure you won't run into dead ends, forgetting about important elements and things like that. It's a very visual way to see how things fit together.
When sketching by hand, I find that it helps to draw the various parts of the design as squares. They're not necessarily squares in the final design, but it's a good way to see how well this element add up, and make sure there's balance in the design. You don't want the one side be crammed with small stuff, and the other just have one big element – unless they fit, of course.
Sketching by hand helps, and actually saves time. Still, I must confess that I fire up Photoshop right away more and more often, but that's due to the fact that I've got a very clear idea of how the design should be. Sketching by hand certainly helps unless you've got a very clear image of what you're doing.
Third, Do that Mockup Thing
When you've got a concept, it's time to start mocking up the design. I never go straight to the code, but then again I rarely really finish the mockup either. It kind of depends on the client.
Anyway, I mock up the design, more or less. I use Photoshop for this, but some people prefer Illustrator. There are a bunch of other pieces of software that you might prefer.
Fourth, Time to Code
I might not be the one doing the actual code all the time, but most blog designs are coded by me. My editor of choice is Coda, thanks to the included FTP functionality mostly.
I get a version up and running in Firefox first, then I use VMware Fusion to bug test in the various versions of Internet Explorer, Opera and so on.
Finally, Deliver and I'm Done
That's about it. Delivery is usually a zip file with some instructions. I rarely do implementation work myself, and if I do I make sure the pay for it is good since there's the possibility of things going wrong that might end up not being my fault, and I really hate that.
That's my process. How do you go about when designing websites?
President Obama went to Capitol Hill today to huddle with congressional Democrats about what they could do in order to keep Republicans from repealing the Affordable Care Act:
.@POTUS arrives at Capitol Hill to meet with Democrats about #ObamaCare. pic.twitter.com/pUy7SmK5I4 — Fox News (@FoxNews) January 4, 2017
Obama reportedly told Dems to keep doing what they do best without realizing that's what got them into political trouble in the first place:
Rep. Cummings to reporters following bicameral meeting w/ President Obama: POTUS "just implored us to go out and fight" on Obamacare. — Kara Rowland (@kararowland) January 4, 2017
Obama when asked what be told Dems: "Look out for the American people" — Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) January 4, 2017
The president also had this advice for Dems:
BREAKING: Obama told Dem lawmakers "don't rescue" Republicans on a plan to replace Obamacare with "something worse" https://t.co/FacgOUccHA — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) January 4, 2017
Two words from Obama offered a big clue:
Bingo!
Something worse? Mr President you are so out of touch with reality not even a blank piece of paper is worse then this insane law https://t.co/Kc3kxcQpCB — Marc T Grove (@MarcTGroveSr) January 4, 2017
As though there is *something worse* than Obamacare. https://t.co/C9UbtNV3At — Mickey White (@BiasedGirl) January 4, 2017
That the Soviet-made R-3S air-to-air missile — better known in the West by its NATO-designation AA-2 Atoll — is a copy of the AIM-9B...
That the Soviet-made R-3S air-to-air missile — better known in the West by its NATO-designation AA-2 Atoll — is a copy of the AIM-9B Sidewinder, originally developed and manufactured in the USA, is relatively well-known.
How it came to be … isn't so well-known. It involved the mail.
The story began back in summer of 1958. The communist People's Republic of China was preparing to invade the U.S.-backed Republic of China, a.k.a. Taiwan.
In the course of related operations, the People's Liberation Army Air Force received the order to establish air superiority over several islands close to mainland China still held by Taiwan's Nationalists, specifically Quemoy and Matsu.
When the People's Liberation Army began shelling Quemoy and Matsu, in August 1958, the United States helped re-equip several squadrons of the Republic of China Air Force with North American F-86F Saber fighter jets.
An R-3S as seen installed on the underwing hardpoint of a MiG-21F-13. Photo by Sean O'Connor
When the PLAAF took the skies, the Nationalist scrambled their own interceptors. Fierce clashes resulted.
Although outnumbered, the Taiwanese pilots achieved a positive kill-to-loss ratio. However, they found no solution for reaching the PLAAF's MiG-15s when these operated at their maximum ceiling, several thousand feet higher than that of the Sabers.
Correspondingly, the Pentagon decided to equip some of the ROCAF's F-86 with its then brand-new and still super-secret weapon, the infrared-homing air to-air missile with the designation AIM-9B Sidewinder.
The Americans took 40 Sidewinders and 40 launching rails directly from U.S. Marine Corps stocks and sent them – together with a party of five experienced technicians from Marine Fighter Squadron 323 – to Hsinchu air base in Taiwan.
Once there, the VMF-323 team jury-rigged 20 Taiwanese Sabers with the launch rails they brought with them. While an improvisation in every sense of that word, this installation worked — and at least four of Sidewinder-armed Taiwanese Sabers soon saw combat.
One of R-13Ms exported to Finland in the 1980s. Photo via Wikipedia
On Sept. 24, 1958, 48 of the ROCAF's F-86Fs clashed with up to 126 MiG-15s and MiG-17s over Shantou. Deploying their Sidewinders from – for those times – the very long range of 3,000 yards and from positions well below the MiGs, the Taiwanese achieved major surprise. They claimed a total of nine confirmed and two probable kills for no loss of their own, six of these by Sidewinders.
One of MiG-17s hit by Sidewinders actually survived the clash – and returned to its base with the missile still embedded in its fuselage. The Chinese carefully dismantled the weapon — which had failed to detonate — and quickly forwarded it to the USSR for further analysis.
Once in the USSR, the captured Sidewinder was shown to the government design team led by Ivan Toropov. In the words of one of the Russian engineers, it represented “a university of missile design” for them. Impressed by the simplicity and effectiveness of the U.S.-made weapon, the Soviets decided to reverse engineer it, and launch their own production in 1960.
Fewer than 10 years later, the R-3S was in service with around 20 air forces around the world. However, air wars in the Middle East and in Southeast Asia proved that the weapon was rapidly becoming obsolescent. Thus, the Soviets were most delighted to receive the next AIM-9 variant – this time by post, and directly to Moscow.
Exploiting thick fog and careless guards, Manfred Ramminger – a KGB-agent in West Germany – entered Neuburg air base during the evening of Oct. 22, 1967. Together with his Polish driver Josef Linowski and German F-104 Starfighter pilot Wolf-Diethard Knoppe, he stole an operational AIM-9 from the local ammunition depot and transported it down the entire runway on a wheelbarrow to his Mercedes sedan, parked outside the base.
A clutch of R-3S-missiles as captured by Islamic State at Tabqa air base in Syria in the summer of 2014. ISIS photo
The 2.9-meter-long missile proved unwieldy. Ramminger broke the rear window and covered the protruding part with a carpet. In order not to attract attention of the police, he then marked the protrusion with a piece of red cloth, as required by law.
Reaching his home in Krefeld without any disturbance, Ramminger then patiently dismantled the Sidewinder. He kept the fuse for himself and personally handed it over to his KGB contact.
Finally, he packed all the pieces into a box and then brought it to the nearest post office, from where he shipped it – by air mail – directly to Moscow. In order to avoid any problems with the German or Soviet customs, Ramminger declared the content of the parcel as being for “low-grade export.”
Due to the weight of the parcel, the post charged him $79.25.
Air transportation services were making mistakes back then at least as often as they make them nowadays, and thus Ramminger's parcel first traveled from Frankfurt via Paris to Copenhagen, then back to Düsseldorf, before finally reaching Moscow – 10 days late.
Ramminger and his aides were all arrested in late 1968 and jailed for four years. But by then the Soviets had already begun copying the next-generation Sidewinder.
A few years later, they launched a new variant, the R-13M. It boasted much-improved performance, including a limited front-aspect capability.
According to the Times, the whole thing began with sheriff's deputies in Lancaster, CA in pursuit of 51-year-old Brock Ray Bunge, suspected of robbing two people and attempting to kill another. A police helicopter tracked Bunge until he holed up behind a dirt bank covered by shrubs and wire fencing, where he stayed for six hours while SWAT teams stood by. When he refused to surrender, deputies sent in the robot for a closer look and noticed Bunge's rifle was laying at his feet. From the Times:
To seize the firearm, they hatched a plan that relied on distractions. Deputies in an armored vehicle approached to the front of Bunge, yelling at him through a public address system to surrender. A helicopter whirred overhead.
From behind, the olive-colored robot approached and extended its claw into Bunge's hideout.
"The robot was able to move up and grab the gun without him noticing," Ewell said. "He never knew it happened."
The robot's operators managed to snatch the gun away simply by putting the robot in reverse and backing away. The suspect only notice his rifle was missing when the bomb robot was sent back to remove the wire fencing, at which point Bunge immediately surrendered.
While this particular standoff ended without any additional violence, that hasn't always been the case in the past. Back in July, police in Dallas armed a similar ANDROS bomb-disposal robot with an explosive device they used to kill a suspect who was accused of murdering five police officers and injuring seven others. That case appeared to mark the first time time in US history that authorities used a drone or robot to kill a citizen. On the other hand, in 2015, negotiators in San Diego literally talked a man with a knife down off of a ledge by sending in a bomb robot to deliver him a pizza.
Here's some super classy September 11 memorial wine from Long Island's Lieb Cellars that's made with grapes grown "90 miles from the site of the World Trade Center." It's even priced at $19.11 a bottle, should you buy it directly from the winery. According to the Lieb Cellars website, "the concept emerged at harvest just days after the September 11 disaster." That seems awfully fast.
Before you get all twitchy about it, though, a general manager of the winery told the LA Times that "6-10%" of proceeds to the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. They've already "probably donated $25,000" to the September Mission foundation from sales of a cheaper wine they introduced in 2004. So it's tasteless for a good cause?
Makes no difference to No Reservations host Anthony Bourdain, who was livid that New York restaurant Les Halles Downtown (where he holds the title "chef-at-large") sells the stuff: "911Wine?!!? Are you out your fucking MIND?!! EPIC FAIL." Later he tweeted that it'll be taken off the menu: "Just heard back from owner of LH . It's not sold on Park. But if at John St., it's gone today."
Bourdain's not the only one that's outraged: As one objector tweeted, "What's next a 9/11-themed McRib sandwich made with beef from Pennsylvania cows raised near the Flight 93 Memorial Park?"
· Drown Your Sorrows in 9/11 Memorial Wine [Gawker]
· Lieb Family Cellars [Official Site]
· N.Y. Winery Introduces 9/11 Memorial Wine — Just $19.11 a Bottle [LAT]
· @NoReservations [Twitter]
[Photos: Lieb Cellars]
2017 is officially in the books for FC Dallas as of last Friday when the team concluded training for the final time this year. Our staff decided to wait until that moment to release our end of the year awards for the team. We've already done a Workhorse of the Year winner and now we'll unveil our other three awards.
MVP - Michael Barrios
Our staff was completely split on this one as you can see below. In the end, Barrios won the vote, but just barely.
Scott Hiney - Frankly, this doesn't make sense to me. Mikey had a very solid year, don't get me wrong. He posted 10 more assists (14) than he had in his first two MLS seasons combined (4). But, if there's a consensus — or at least enough agreement to hand out an award — that Maxi Urruti was the team's OPOY, this award must also go to him.
If the MVP winner was a midfield-type player who contributed more than just in the attacking third, I'd understand. But in 2017, FC Dallas was unbeaten in games where Urruti assisted or scored, Barrios, can't say that.
Mohammad Bushnaq - Let's calm down a bit, Scott. When I was voting for MVP, I wanted the individual who was a little more consistent. Urruti had one goal since July 4th. That's not MVP material to me. 14 assists for Barrios are also more than 12 goals and, for the record, Mikey had four assists in the same stretch that Maxi had one goal. Hedges was maddeningly inconsistent, Acosta faded after the summer call-ups, Jesse was steady but nowhere near spectacular, and Mauro was a shadow of himself. I think Barrios was the only logical pick, but that is really not saying much for a team that was awful from July onward.
Jared Tilley - I agree and voted like Scott. Assists don't mean as much to me in MLS as opposed to other leagues around the globe. Those hockey assists really inflate the stats, leading to a false sense of accomplishment. Not to take anything away from Mikey, but the moment the goals dried up for Maxi was more or less the same time the team started their free fall in the standings.
Offensive Player of the Year - Maxi Urruti
This one was a little more cut and dry for our team with Maxi earning the majority of the votes.
Scott Hiney - I totally agree with this. Like I said above, FC Dallas was 7-0-5 (26 points) in games where Urruti scored or assisted and assuming Barrios is the other candidate for this nod, that's four points better than Michael's 6-2-4 (22 points) mark.
Urruti continued to prove how invaluable of a pickup he was in the re-entry draft in 2017. He averaged a goal or assist in essentially every other start and has now combined for 30 total league goals and assists while with the club. His only knock this past season was the nine straight starts he went goalless to end the season, but in his defense, the team only scored 12 goals total in that span — five of which were scored in the season finale.
El Chico Carmona - I voted for Urruti, and while I should be heaping praise on him, I just can't. Let's be honest here, it was slim pickings. Your only choices were a player who's goals dried up sometime in July, a player with many assists who couldn't score himself, and a player who scored all his goals in a handful of matches.
Urruti then becomes the obvious choice, but I'm not happy about it.
Defensive Player of the Year - Jesse Gonzalez
For some, this was the surprise winner of the lot with Jesse picking up nearly half of the team's vote.
Mohammad Bushnaq - I am pretty sure this is one that Jesse won by default as the only dependable presence in the FC Dallas defense. Like I said above, nobody on the defensive side of the field merited consideration for the MVP award, so Jesse was the logical pick. For a team that allowed 8 and 9 more goals than the previous two years respectively, this is an area that needs a lot of work in the off-season.
El Chico Carmona - It may be ludicrous to consider anyone other than Matt Hedges, but Jesse was the one consistent performer week in and week out. As bad as the final months were for FCD, it would have been worst without Jesse playing at such a high level. It was the easiest pick of the 3 to make.
Jared Tilley - For me, this was the easiest choice out of all the different awards. Jesse was great this year. When people look back to this year, it probably won't be seen in a positive light, which won't be fair to Jesse. He was outstanding. He was consistently making incredible saves to keep the team in games. Part of me wonders how much more embarrassing the second half of the season would have been without him. I am really looking forward to seeing him continue his growth into a top-notch keeper.
Neckties are arrows that point to the male genitalia. Why are they considered “priesthood attire” in the LDS community? In some congregations otherwise worthy men are not allowed to participate in priesthood ordinances unless wearing a white shirt and necktie. The male missionary uniform is a white shirt and conservative necktie, symbols of orthodoxy in the LDS Church. Salt Lake Tribune columnist Robert Kirby recently noted,
Neckties are so important to Mormons that it's only a matter of time before we start seeing them airbrushed onto young men in church publications.
Oh, the horror! Before such a perilous day dawns, I must sound a warning. Neckties are leading women far from the iron rod of righteousness into the shadowy mists of lust. The influence of the necktie is subtle and pernicious and has infiltrated every level of Church leadership. The white shirt and necktie are ubiquitous symbols for male professional conformity and power, but some Christians contend that a man in a suit is too much temptation for the modern Christian sister.
Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z acknowledge the power of the well dressed man in the song Suit and Tie. Brother Timberlake croons in the chorus,
And as long as I got my suit and tie, Ima leave it all on the floor tonight.
You are mistaken in hoping Brother Timberlake took off his suit and tie to put on his pajamas,
Stop, let me get a good look at it, Oh, so thick, now I know why they call it a fatty.
In the accompanying video Brother Timberlake sings these seductive lyrics without wearing a necktie. But there must be neckties in the video of the man that brought sexy back. The video cuts to men in neckties dancing provocatively and women in bikinis getting wet. The equivalency is obvious: suit and necktie is to man as bikini is to woman.
Yes, suits are very sexy. But, let us focus on harm reduction. Small measured steps we can take to increase the pure thoughts of our congregation. For now let us imagine the buttoned suit jacket as a protective shield. I have rarely witnessed a General Authority or other prominent Church leader with a necktie nakedly exposed by an open jacket. (It does happen. Google at your own risk.) Instead, a neatly buttoned armor covers the pointy end of the necktie, diminishing the downward gaze towards the Telestial Kingdom. Modesty restored and lustful gaze averted.
The general male membership of the Church is not so noble. They blatantly display their phallic pointers with seductively unbuttoned jackets or no jacket at all. Few are the modest Mormon men that wear a bow tie, vest, or thick sweater to cover the pointy end of the necktie. I say a little prayer of gratitude for each of them when they pass me the sacrament in a modest bow tie. In these latter days of rampant wickedness upon the earth, can we afford to ignore these frivolous fabric phallic pointers and their devastating impact on women and homosexual men? Images of early Church leaders depict virile bearded men that had many wives and much progeny. Although they followed the fashion of their day, the cravat or bow-tie maintains the viewers gaze upward towards celestial glory and the face (where one can observe the light of Christ). Early Church leaders didn't wear a fabric phallic phallus pointer. A cravat or bow tie was good enough.
In contrast modern leaders walk a fine line: following the winds of fashion by donning the necktie, but diminishing the lust inducing power of Lucifer's Lust Pointer by keeping their suit jackets closed. To those humble men desiring after righteousness and sincerely asking: How can I help to strengthen the daughters (and gay sons) in the Kingdom of God? I offer simple advice:
Wear an opaque white shirt and no necktie. If you feel you must wear a necktie then follow Elder Uchtdorf's example: wear a white tie that blends in with your shirt and keep your suit jacket buttoned. Avoid the appearance of evil and wear a bow tie. Wear a vest or sweater (where weather permits) but do not think it is sufficient to don a thin sweater through which the necktie is still clearly visible.
Perhaps some of you are thinking that the necktie as phallic phallus pointer is a limited problem. Maybe Cruelest Month is the only woman in the world having lustful thoughts? Sociology professor Lisa Wade PhD has written about how the purchasing power of lusty women is driving the rise in “hunkvertising” She warns that female desire should not be underestimated, stating,
It's funny to us to think of women being lustful because we don't really take women's sexuality very seriously….we don't really believe that women are the way we imagine men to be.
In the age of battery operated boyfriends and “mommy porn” can we continue to promote the phallic necktie as modest “priesthood attire”? We are putting the rising generation at risk with our reckless participation in dangerous haberdashery.
In the book What do Women Want: Adventures in the Science of Female Desire, author Daniel Bergner notes that women are just as sexually driven as men, although perhaps “even less well-suited for monogamy than men.” The fairy tale about women not craving raw and varied sex? Turns out that the female sex engine is “not for the most part, sparked or sustained by emotional intimacy and safety.” Women are just as lusty as men, although perhaps thanks to biology, not as obvious in making that lust known. Erotic romance sales continue to rise as women snap up erotica sometimes dubbed “mommy porn.”You might be surprised to learn how many sisters of Relief Society and Young Women are reading erotica on their tablet or smartphone before flipping on the vibrator.
OK, so ladies are lustier than we thought. Are neckties really sending a message to think about the male sex organ? Late night (after the Holy Ghost is sleeping) television host Craig Ferguson thinks so… ﻿ÈB; As does Vittorio J ( a fine purveyor of handmade neckties) in this advertising campaign featuring a kinky necktie knot tutorial. Does this objectified and bound Marilyn-Monroe-type image disturb you? It should! Visually this perfectly captures what happens to children of God when the sight of an exposed necktie leads them through the mists of darkness to the great and spacious building of worldly sin.
This is not a new problem. Decades earlier, Sister Monroe clearly struggled with neckties as a touchstone for lust.
Neckties as tools of lust are not a new problem, but they are getting harder to ignore. We must take seriously the spiritual gauntlet women face as they attend church in a sea of phallic pointers. The time has come to speak of the modesty of men and stop promoting neckties as a symbol of orthodoxy.
What does it mean to be a modest man? The convicted sodomite Oscar Wilde stated in the play A Woman of No Importance,
A well-tied tie is the first serious step in life.
Truly. The first step in leading women (and gay men) astray and the first tender step in a path that does not take female sexuality seriously. A mindset that values a necktie above the pure thoughts of others is selfish and prideful. Modesty conveys simplicity, decency, humility, and propriety. A modest man cares enough about daughters of God to not come to church wearing a giant arrow that points to his member.
Men, we're not asking you to suffer discomfort. A scarf will keep your neck warmer than a necktie, a bow tie can symbolize wealth and class or match a prom dress, a bib can keep your shirt clean, a nice sweater or vest can cover your buttons (if you are a man that suffers from button shame). A tie is utterly frivolous. What purpose does it serve other than to point our gaze to your phallus?
Engage in a brief exercise of empathy and imagine something more radical than women wearing pants to church. What if women started wearing bikinis to church? How about giant arrows that point to their breasts and vagina? What if we only let sisters teach and pray in church if they were wearing a bikini or accessorized in a breast/vagina pointer? Well, church attendance would probably increase, but not for the right reasons! Pure thoughts would wither and fail. Yet this is what the women and gay men of our community must endure each day of worship.
Show your compassion by banning the necktie from public spaces, especially church. Save it for the privacy of your bedroom. Something special for just your spouse to look upon. Women, it is not up to the men alone to correct this wrong. Stop buying neckties for the men in your life. Stop it. Admit you are part of the problem, bringing temptation down upon your sisters and gay brothers with each necktie you gift.
Men, it is truly not your fault that some look down to your sex organ with lustful thoughts. But think when you praise motherhood, how you influence us to covet the mother making powers of your genitalia. It is not penis envy. Our ovaries just want your sperm. Your magic wand is what turns us into mothers.
Finally, ponder on a portion of the Word of Wisdom,
A principle with promise, adapted to the capacity of the weak and the weakest of all saints, who are or can be called saints.
As you dress for church on Sunday, think of the weakest of all saints. Those who struggle to meet your gaze and look into your eyes instead of at that place in your pants. Those who try to think on a hymn but only recall the primary song I have Two Little Hands. Think of the weak among us. Just as you abstain from tea, coffee, tobacco, alcohol, and drugs to make life easier for the addicts, set aside your neckties. Adapt to the capacity of the weakest saints suffering from necktie induced lust addiction. Choose modesty and leave the necktie in the bedroom.
Dear Mom and Dad,
I know it's breaking your heart to see me as I am now. Most of the kids we know are starting to talk while I'm just making sounds. I'm lashing out because I'm struggling. I can't communicate my needs, and things are just not going the way I wish they would. I scream and fight with you every time you try and bathe me because I can't stand the feeling of water. I cringe anytime I hear thunder, and I don't like to be touched because of my sensory issues. Even now, as we make all the adorable videos of me dressed up as one of the best looking toddlers of all time, I know things aren't easy, and we don't know what my future has in store.
I want to tell you, though, to keep fighting for me and believing in me because without you both — my best advocates — I'm not going to be the person I am today. There's hope, and you both play a huge part in that. Things are going to get better, and without you that wouldn't be possible.
At 2 and a half, I'm going to say my first words, and at 4 you're going to find out from a doctor that I have something called autism. In 1992, it will be something you would have only heard from some of the leading experts in the field and from the 1988 movie “Rain Man.” The road now is going to be difficult, but we're going to get through it together.
Supports are going to be difficult to come by. The numbers of autism are 1 in 1000 right now and so many people still don't understand. Life is going to be difficult. Challenges are coming. But here's why you should fight through the challenges…
By fighting for me every day and helping me go through occupational, physical and speech therapy for the next 16 years, while giving me support at home and in school, I'm going to grow into an adult who is a national motivational speaker and gives talks about autism across the country.
Because if you fight for me right now and never give up, not only will I be that speaker but I'll have the opportunity to write an Amazon Best Seller, consult for a major motion picture that makes 30 million dollars, and be someone who gives you love every single day. I will grow into an adult who embraces affection.
Love,
Kerry
PARIS, Texas (AP)  A teenager who has profound mental disabilities was sentenced to 100 years in prison after pleading guilty to charges in a sex abuse case involving his 6-year-old neighbor. Aaron Hart, 18, of Paris, was arrested and charged after a neighbor found him fondling her stepson in September. The teen pleaded guilty to five counts, including aggravated sexual assault and indecency by contact, and a jury decided his punishment. Lamar County Judge Eric Clifford decided to stack the sentences against Hart after jurors settled on two five-year terms and three 30-year terms, The Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday. The judge said neither he nor jurors liked the idea of prison for Hart but they felt there was no other option. "In the state of Texas, there isn't a whole lot you can do with somebody like him," Clifford said. Hart has an IQ of 47 and was diagnosed as mentally disabled as a child. He never learned to read or write and speaks unsteadily. Despite being a target of bullies, he was courteous, well-behaved and earned money by doing chores for neighbors, supporters said. His parents say he'd never acted out sexually. "He couldn't understand the seriousness of what he did," said his father, Robert Hart. "I never dreamed they would think about sending him to prison. When they said 100 years — it was terror, pure terror, to me." Jurors said they sent the judge notes during deliberations in February, asking about alternatives to prison, but didn't get a clear answer. They believed the judge would order concurrent sentences, jurors said. District Attorney Gary Young said he sympathized with Hart's situation but stands by his decision to prosecute on five counts. Prosecutors commonly pursue several charges for a single incident to see which the jury will support. Young said a diversion program was not an option since the law doesn't allow that for serious felonies. "I hope people will remember he committed a violent sexual crime against a little boy," he said. Hart's appellate attorney, David Pearson, said the court-appointed doctor did the bare minimum to assess competency and ran tests geared for mental illness, not mental retardation. He said an appeal will be filed. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Cristiane Justino's attorney and manager said the Invicta FC featherweight champion won't stand by if UFC women's bantamweight titleholder Ronda Rousey continues to accuse her of using steroids.
“We just want to make it clear to her that she's being reckless with the truth, and if she continues to do that, then Cris is going to weigh her options,” George Prajin told MMAjunkie.
On Sunday, one day after Rousey's (12-0 MMA, 6-0 UFC) dominant 34-second win over Bethe Correia (9-1 MMA, 3-1 UFC) at UFC 190, “Cyborg” (14-1) threatened legal action, via Twitter, over statements the UFC champ made in the run-up to her fight. Rousey said Justino needed to “get off the juice and fight in the division everybody else is in” to make their long-anticipated fight a reality.
@rondarousey you can not slander me with lies in the media. My lawyer will call @Primetime360ESM — Cris Cyborg (@criscyborg) August 2, 2015
Justino did, in fact, test positive for a steroid in 2011 under the now-defunct Strikeforce banner, which resulted in the stripping of her belt and a one-year suspension. But Prajin said Rousey's statements indicate Justino is still using performance-enhancers and are defamatory.
“She would prefer that Ronda stop making those accusations because the evidence supports that she hasn't used in the last four years,” he said.
Rousey's latest victory again turned up the heat on a showdown with “Cyborg,” who is expected to drop to 140 pounds for her next fight and recently called for a fight with onetime UFC title challenger Miesha Tate. However, UFC officials subsequently booked Tate as Rousey's next opponent.
Prior to every fight, Rousey is asked about a potential fight with Justino, which usually leads to verbal fireworks.
Prajin acknowledged the UFC champ is afforded First Amendment protections for her speech and admitted libel lawsuits are difficult to win in court, particularly with anti-SLAPP laws – designed to limit harassing litigation against critics – in place in California, where both fighters reside.
But, he added, Rousey's words may cross the line from free speech to that which is illegal. While a lawsuit hasn't materialized, that could change if she continues to make similar statements.
“The way around (anti-SLAPP) is somebody being reckless,” Prajin said. “She's crossing that line.”
Today on ESPN's “SportsCenter,” Justino defended herself against Rousey's accusations by stating she has passed six drug tests since her positive test, several of them under the same promotional umbrella. (Justino fights for Invicta FC, but she also holds a deal with UFC parent Zuffa, which this past month enacted an out-of-competition drug testing program overseen by USADA.)
Justino hyped a fight with Rousey at a catchweight of 140 pounds, an oft-cited meet-in-the-middle number, and said the ball is in the UFC's court for putting them in the UFC's octagon together.
“Ronda already cleaned out her division,” Justino said. “When a champ cleans out the division – everybody sees this – the champ goes up (in weight). And I'm the champion at 145 (pounds), and I can drop to 140 to fight her. The right way is to have her fight at 145, because all the champions do this when you clear out a division. But I can drop to make 140 happen.
“But I think if the UFC wants to make that fight, they have the power to do this.”
Justino said Rousey “already knows” she would win in a potential meeting and added “if the UFC doesn't think I deserve the fight, do it for the fans. My fans and fans of MMA want to see this fight, and they deserve this fight.”
For complete coverage of UFC 190, check out the UFC Events section of the site.
Number 19 on our list of top 20 players of 2015 is another star AWPer, Aleksi "allu" Jalli, whose stability and success rate in opening kills during his time in NiP earned him a place among the world's elite group of players.
Aleksi "allu" Jalli started his professional career in 2010-2011 at the age of 17 back in Counter-Strike 1.6 when he first represented Finnish munkka alongside Miikka "dRiim" Toroi. He had short attempts with Playzone and Online Kingdom during the last two years of the game's life, but it was WinFakt—featuring Tomi "lurppis" Kovanen—who became his last stable team in the previous version.
After switching over to CS:GO his new WinFakt team became Curse in late 2012, which was the Finn's first team to have found international success with a second place at THOR Open 2012. He later on moved on to ENCE eSports before finding his way to his first non-Finnish lineup, mousesports, where he stayed during the latter half of 2014.
While he didn't find much success with the international roster, he made a name for himself there, as he was the team's best player by far, and established himself as the best from Finland at the time.
At the beginning of 2015 allu came back to Joona "natu" Leppänen in 3DMAX, and started the year on a high note at ASUS ROG Winter 2015, as he nearly single-handedly sent Titan to the elimination match of group B with a monstrous 31-17 score on a narrow de_mirage (1.59 rating, full POV). He also recorded three of his personal highs at the same tournament, most first kills per round (0.16), most round win shares in team (28%), and most first kills (tied at 8).
The Finn then helped 3DMAX qualify for ESL One Katowice 2015 at the first ever major offline qualifier, before getting picked up by NiP mere weeks before that particular major.
Interestingly enough, his LAN debut with the Swedes was quite rocky despite the end result: up until the grand final he finished six of the seven maps with a sub-0.9 rating, with the exception of map one of the TSM quarter-final. In the grand final itself the tides turned: on the one hand he was NiP's best player rating-wise, but on the other it wasn't enough to push his team over the top in the series worthy of 85 rounds.
allu was NiP's best player in the Katowice grand final
ESL One Katowice set off a streak of three runner-up finishes for the Swedish-Finnish roster, as NiP kept meeting EnVyUs time after time at the next two tournaments, Gfinity Spring Masters 1 and SLTV StarSeries XII Finals. Both allu and his team struggled to put a dent in EnVyUs' armor at the time despite marching through Virtus.pro, TSM and Titan on their way to three consecutive grand finals, as they lost nine out of ten maps in their four encounters with Vincent "Happy" Schopenhauer's squad.
While the Gfinity event in London was his worst statistically, a good performance on the AWPer's part in Ukraine—in matches other than against EnVyUs, where pretty much everyone from the team struggled—made up for it, and rewarded him with another piece of silverware.
At allu's fourth LAN event wearing NiP's jersey, CCS Kick-off Season Finals in Bucharest, he played a pivotal part in finally overcoming the Frenchmen in a crazy series, which included a quadruple-overtime de_dust2 and two double-digit maps.
The first signs of NiP's decline came at Gfinity Spring Masters 2, where the team finished outside of the top three for the first time that year, mostly due to an unexpected tie with Vox Eminor and a loss in a rare Na`Vi rendezvous. Coincidentally, it was also one of the four events where allu had a sub-1.0 rating overall, although he was his average self in the two encounters mentioned above.
One of his best events came right afterwards, where a trend of his highs not correlating with NiP's run started. DreamHack Open Summer was where the sniper contributed in most rounds (68.4%), as well as round wins (92.3%), and had a great showing in two of NiP's three losses at the tournament: against Na`Vi in the group stage on de_cbble, and on de_train in their semi-final against fnatic.
After yet another second place added to an already silver-filled trophy cabinet from Gfinity Summer Masters 1, NiP went into a downward spiral in terms of results, with allu keeping his rating higher than ever in spite of that.
ESWC 2015 was NiP's first of three shared fifth placings in a row, but at the same time it was the Finn's best-rated event by far (1.29). Apart from that, his level of performance on map one against FlipSid3 in the quarter-finals earned him four personal map highs: Highest rating (2.29), most kills per round (1.41), most AWP kills per round (0.88) and most rounds with multi-kills (47.1%).
On the other hand, despite his beastly form on map one, he dropped down to arguably his worst map this year in the exact same series, interestingly enough, as he recorded a mere 0.44 rating in a 28-round de_overpass decider.
allu's POV from map one, de_inferno, against FlipSid3 in the ESWC quarter-finals
After travelling back across the pond the trend continued as NiP collected another unsatisfying 5th-6th place at FACEIT Stage 2 Finals at DreamHack Valencia, while allu topped the charts. That time he even bested Christopher "GeT_RiGhT" Alesund in one of the rare occasions where the Finn was the best rated player within his team at an event.
That fact held true for the second major of the year, ESL One Cologne 2015. A big part of his statistics there was a 27-7 score on de_inferno against Renegades in the group stage (full POV), which pushed NiP into playoffs. He also had a great showing on map one, de_train, in the quarter-final battle opposing Virtus.pro. There he was the best player on the server, but—once again—NiP ended up losing that map and the series in the end to finish 5th-8th, despite his efforts. One of his actions in the quarter-final earned quite the reaction from Auguste "Semmler" Massonat, Jason "moses" O'Toole and Anders Blume, which we managed to capture on camera.
When he came back to his pre-ESWC form for ESL ESEA Dubai Invitational and Gfinity Champion of Champions, the whole team returned to being a solid contender among the top five teams.
The Finn stood on several podiums in 2015, but never reached the highest step
By that time DreamHack Open Cluj-Napoca was around the corner, and NiP used up a month to prepare for the third and last major of the year. After being placed in the group of death, allu looked somewhat shaky, as did most of the team with the exception of Patrik "f0rest" Lindberg.
After a couple of so-so maps, against Titan and Liquid, allu was back to his old stable self, and helped NiP advance to play-offs in the decider against Titan and in the surprising beating of TSM in the quarter-finals. He even scored a 1.10 rating in a 3-16 loss on de_train in the semi-final, mostly thanks to winning the three rounds almost single-handedly, but the entire team wasn't nearly up to par with Na`Vi's force, which saw them exit the competition in 3rd-4th place.
FACEIT Stage 3 Finals was another instance of the Finn being the best rated player of NiP in spite of the end result. After sending EnVyUs down to the lower bracket to get smashed in Luminosity's first pages of the ill-fated Cinderella story, NiP fell to fnatic in a convincing manner to earn a few pages in the same book themselves. allu definitely deserved a page or two there, as he was the only one from NiP to score a rating above 1.00, and a 1.17 one at that, in their last best-of-three at the last stage of FACEIT's 2015 race.
Not only was Fragbite Masters Season 5 Finals his last LAN tournament in 2015, it was his last with NiP, as we learned only days after the tournament. It was also his best and most stable performance at a LAN event overall, as he only had a single sub-1.00 rating out of eight maps, six of which were against the best team of the last month, fnatic, and recorded an average of 1.15; the highest within NiP, shared with GeT_RiGhT. In terms of results and individual form, he ended the year on a high note, despite not winning a single title throughout 2015.
Nearly every time allu played well above his average, NiP underperformed
Why is he the 19th best player of 2015?
allu made it into this year's top 20 for the first time by the skin of his teeth. One of the main reasons why he stood out from the crowd is his success rate in opening kills, especially on the side of Counter-Terrorists.
During 2015 he netted a +135 K-D difference in first kills (3rd highest overall), a big share of which was on the Counter-Terrorist side. There he had the best success rate in the world (69.7%).
Something that also proves his effectiveness on the CT side is his ratio of round wins after opening kill versus round losses after opening death (2.62, 2nd highest), as per the table below. All of the above combined makes him the most effective player at opening rounds on the CT side in the world.
On top of his CT side effectiveness, overall NiP won 79.1% of rounds when allu got the opening kill, which is the 2nd highest after Nicolai "device" Reedtz.
One of the biggest reasons why he isn't higher on the list is the fact that his best events individually rarely met with a good result from the team, namely at ESWC, DreamHack Open Summer, ESL One Cologne and FACEIT Stage 2 Finals.
While there's nothing to point to that would explain such a correlation, it's hard to ignore one exists: whenever he was at his highest, the team underperformed. At a number of occasions, namely at ESL One Katowice—barring the grand final—, Gfinity Spring Masters 1, and Gfinity Summer Masters 1, he had a performance quite significantly below his average, but NiP finished in second place in each of them.
What didn't have any effect on the ranking, but is noteworthy, is the lower effect he has had on the Terrorist side; while he scored an average of 0.80 kills per round on the CT side, his T side lags behind at only 0.60, which is the biggest difference out of anyone in the top 20 list.
What is your opinion on allu's level of play in 2015? Where would you have rated him? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Stay tuned to our Top 20 players of 2015 ranking powered by EGB.com and keep track of the list over at the Introduction article.
A man selects marijuana strains to purchase at the 3-D Denver Discrete Dispensary on Jan. 1, 2014, in Denver.
Photo by Theo Stroomer/Getty Images
Nearly five months into Colorado's great pot experiment, the early returns are good. In Denver, home to the bulk of the first-in-the-nation retail stores, violent crime fell by 5.6 percent over the first four months of the year, with major property crimes down nearly twice that, according to the city's police. State coffers, meanwhile, are flush with tax revenues from the nearly $50 million worth of recreational weed that was sold through March, the last month for which official estimates are available. Those sales translate into $7.3 million for the state, a number that jumps to $12.6 million when you factor in medical marijuana and licensing fees. Lawmakers are already trying to figure out how to spend future revenues that are projected to reach $98 million this year alone.
It's too soon, however, to call Colorado's measure an unqualified success. Officials had long warned of unforeseen problems once the retail stores opened their doors on Jan. 1, and such fears have proved legitimate thanks largely to how people are choosing to get high. So-called edibles are being blamed for an increase in the number of pot-related emergency room visits, including those from a half-dozen or so children who unknowingly ate pot-laced treats. The baked goods and candies also are believed to have played a role in two deaths in the past two months—providing opponents with front-page anecdotes that run counter to the cannabis-kills-no-one narrative long trumpeted by legalization advocates. A college student visiting from Wyoming jumped to his death from a Denver hotel balcony in March after consuming six times the recommended dose of a pot-infused cookie. The following month, a Denver man is believed to have shot and killed his wife after eating pot-laced candy, although police concede that he may have had other drugs in his system, too.
Edibles aren't the only problem. Colorado authorities are also dealing with a rash of fiery house explosions caused by pot enthusiasts making THC-rich hash oil in their homes through a dangerous process that involves heavy amounts of butane, a highly flammable gas that can linger and ignite. Earlier this week in a suburb of Colorado Springs, firefighters responded to one such explosion at an apartment and found two adults and a 3-year-old child trapped inside. No one was injured, although the adults now face reckless endangerment charges in addition to child abuse and arson. It was a similar scene late last month in Jefferson County, where hash oil–making is believed to have caused a blast that destroyed a townhouse. All told, firefighters have responded to more than 30 such explosions this year already, roughly three times the number from all of last year, according to the Rocky Mountain High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area agency.
Regulators are already pursuing some obvious solutions. Lawmakers are considering legislation that would require edibles to be individually wrapped and labeled, both to give consumers a better idea of what they're getting themselves into and in hopes of keeping the treats out of the mouths of children. (Officials have already limited the amount of THC in edibles to 10 milligrams per serving, with the number of servings in a package likewise capped at 10—nice round numbers that, as Rolling Stone's Bruce Barcott has pointed out, suggest officials are guessing as to how much is too much at this point.) Stopping the meth lab–like house explosions may be harder, but one option that has been floated is a crackdown on the bulk sale of butane, much like the strict limits on over-the-counter cold medicines that are often the building blocks of meth production.
Longer-term challenges will require more complicated fixes. Recreational weed comes with a hefty surcharge, including a 15 percent excise tax and a special 10 percent sales tax on top of the regular 2.9 percent one. As long as legal weed is more expensive than its tax-free illegal stuff, there will always be a black market. The trick for regulators is finding a tax-adjusted price that allows the state to bring in revenues while still keeping weed cheap enough where most people will be willing to pay the markup to keep things above board. So far, they appear to have found a sweet-enough spot, although that could change as the novelty of legal marijuana wears off and consumers' tastes change.
Regulators must also find a solution to federal banking requirements that has pot shops operating like cash-only lemonade stands, and a way to make sure that small home-growing operations—legal under the law—don't flourish to the point where they fuel their own unregulated market.
Many of these potential wrinkles hinge on the fact that officials simply don't yet have the data to tell what is a problem and what isn't. Gov. John Hickenlooper, a Democrat who opposed the 2012 legalization initiative, has warned his fellow governors to wait and see before following Colorado's example. “There are no long-term studies, and we're not screaming and crying alarm, but what I've told people is: You ought to wait a year or two,” he said last month. “Let's see whether we can keep it out of the hands of kids. Let's see that people aren't driving while high. [Let's] make sure there aren't unintended consequences.”
An adopted dog is being hailed as a hero after helping save a man from a heart attack in Windsor, Ont.
Bella was adopted by Rob Sheardown in July. On Sunday, she amazed her new owner.
Sheardown was bringing Bella home from a trip to the park when the two walked into their Shoreline Towers apartment building and she suddenly refused to listen to Sheardown.
She wouldn't budge until the paramedics got there. - Rob Sheardown, owner
"Sunday was the first time Bella refused to listen to me," he said.
Bella also refused to get in the elevator and instead dragged Sheardown back to the lobby.
That's where an elderly man was having a heart attack on the floor, next to a couch and out of sight from everyone. Bella sat with her paw on the man's arm.
"She wouldn't budge until the paramedics got there," Sheardown said. "They told me to get him up off the floor, which I did. I put him on the couch and Bella stayed with him until EMS came and loaded him on the stretcher and took him away."
The man survived the heart attack but was unavailable for comment.
"She's gotten a whole bunch of special treatment, that's for sure," Sheardown said of Bella.
Sheardown isn't sure how Bella knew the man was in trouble.
She looks like a beige lab but she's really an Anatolian shepherd dog, bred to protect livestock.
Sheardown's friend, Shawna French, thinks that's why she might be so intuitive.
"She's definitely Rob's protector so I just have this feeling that she had this sense that something was going on," French said.
Sheardown got Bella from the Humane Society after his previous dog, Jasmin, died in July. Jasmin saved Sheardown from a house fire two years ago.
Mumbai, Hong Kong: Analysts scratching their heads over the impact on India's banks of the country's move to ban high-value notes have every right to be puzzled, as estimates offered by the chairman of State Bank of India (SBI) indicate.
The bank could retain anything from 15% to 40% of the deposit boost it received after the government withdrew about four-fifths of the banknotes in circulation in November, Arundhati Bhattacharya said in an interview on Wednesday with Bloomberg Television's Erik Schatzker. She was unable to give a precise estimate amid uncertainty about how much of that money came from Indian businesses as opposed to individuals.
If much of the money that came was being used in business, “then much of it will get taken out because people will want to use it in their business again," Bhattacharya, 60, said on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
“But if much of this money is from savings of people, which was sitting in their cupboards or wherever, then obviously it won't go out," she said. “Once it's in the bank, it'll stay in the bank and therefore that's why we have a very wide kind of range."
For weeks, investors have speculated over whether the surging bank deposits caused by the 8 November ban on high-value notes will ultimately benefit lenders. The S&P Bankex Index, which tracks 10 lenders, rose almost 4% following the move, before slumping 13% and has since clawed back much of that slump.
“Retaining more deposits means low-cost funds that can be lent out to improve bottom line at banks," Payal Pandya, a Mumbai-based analyst at Centrum Wealth Management Ltd, said by phone. “Lenders focus should shift to deploying the money as loans as soon as they can."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi stunned the nation by banning old Rs500 and RS1,000 notes, a move that dragged cash-intensive businesses to a standstill and had millions of Indians lining up at banks to deposit their now invalidated currencies or exchange them for new notes. The resulting liquidity surge brought funding costs down for lenders including State Bank of India, giving them scope to cut interest rates.
SBI's low-cost deposits had surged by Rs1.4 trillion after the cash ban and the lender is seeing “unprecedented liquidity," Bhattacharya told reporters on 2 January after unveiling a rate cut. While the company's loan book had contracted after the ban, advances in the year to 31 March are expected to expand as much as 9%, compared with about 6.7% as of 31 December, she said the same day.
While the currency ban has raised concerns over growth in Asia's second-largest economy, it has boosted digital payment services including the government-backed Unified Payments Interface, providing an opportunity for Modi to further his initiatives to offer banking services to more of the country's 1.3 billion people.
“What needs to be done is that the digital initiatives that we had started, that those get the same kind of focus, and that we now disincentivize the use of cash," Bhattacharya said at Davos. “If you're going to slide back into the ways that we had before this demonetization impact, then you really won't get the benefits." Bloomberg
Los Angeles got a brief respite from winter on Sunday, thus making conditions ideal for the annual No Pants Subway Ride.
With temps getting into the 70s and the sun mostly shining, participants in the event, facilitated by GuerilLA, could comfortably ride from Union Station all the way to downtown Santa Monica—a first for the No Pants ride after the opening of the Expo Line's second phase.
Not everyone on the train, of course, was joining in on the festivities, thus making for some puzzled onlookers. If asked by other riders why they're not wearing pants, participants were told to simply say, "I forgot them."
The No Pants Subway Ride was a brainchild of New York's Improv Everywhere, and took place across the country. Check out the No Pants riders in New York and Chicago.
This article documents my first hours with my Rift.
I am following Rift stuff for a couple of months now and have been very excited from the beginning. I was tempted to buy a DK1 in winter but in the end I was patient enough to wait until the DK2 pre-order. As soon as I could order and roughly knew when I would get my hands on it, I made sure I would be contract-free so I could really dive into the Rift when it arrived.
Yesterday morning I just as normal started with some Android stuff but eventually after lunch I would be to excited about the soon-to-expect UPS guy. So I could at least make sure my Windows and graphics drivers were up to date (I only use Windows for gaming so far). I also downloaded UE4 which I plan on trying out in the next couple of days.
My UPS hero brought the Rift in the afternoon and I quickly set up the hardware without any problems. I had already downloaded the SDK and runtime and tried out the config utility.
I used the IPD measurement utility and after that sat in my first VR experience at a virtual desk. That was pretty cool! Looking around felt completely natural and by that I mean, I was using six degrees on input without even thinking about it. I laughed at myself when I failed at touching stuff on the desk and had to remind myself that this was not real. Back at University we used to talk a lot about Immersion but this is definitely another level than wat could be reached a couple of years ago.
Next was trying the available DK2-enabled apps (from here) which were all fun to try. A notable one would be the Cyberspace theme park ride, because it was the first demo to really hack into my senses. The next time I was checking r/oculus, the Helix roller coaster was just released and I roller coasted in VR - amazing. I am looking forward to roller coasters that don't mind real world limitations that much, though.
DK2/0.4.0 demos were basically done then. I had been really excited about Couch Knight so I had to find out how to use DK2 demos compiled for earlier SDKs that 0.4.0. It involved some reboots and one-eyed, in-rift Windows graphics setups – since when can you not use the Alt key anymore to move windows around? In the end I got Cough Knights working, although not from withing UE4 yet. Couch Knights was a lot of fun to try out and by concept.
Being a day full of gifts, I became even better since Euro Truck Sim 2 was just updated with DK2 support. So of course I had to try that one too. I attached my wheel after some adventures through the game menus managed to drive around a bit. This is so much better than without VR!
In the evening I also downloaded DCS and bought Elite:Dangerous and these two blew me away, in different ways though. E:D is a polished, actually playable game with fantastic love to detail. When turning my flight stick I see rocket exhaust just outside of the cockpit. In E:D I have an Avatar which matches my my own body pose and I was able to position my HOTAS setup exactly like in the game. This really became my cockpit.
DCS on the other hand feels like the DK2 support is just somehow patched in. A lot of the stuff is not readable but once I increased throttle this completely had me - wow! I was really flying a jet fighter! From just 15mins of flying in DCS I will from now on regard 2D/non-VR flight sims as inferior.
Big thanks to all the devs who are working on DK2 stuff. Whether it is a small demo, a quick VR patch or a full game. Especially for sims, I see a great future in VR. So excited to see more!
Francesco Totti: Wants to see Roma become more competitive next season
The Italian side finished sixth in Serie A to miss out on European football altogether in 2013-14 and were 10 points off AC Milan in the final Champions League spot.
Club legend Totti insists that the players are aware of the need for a significant improvement when the new season gets underway and believes they are ready to step up to the challenge.
"The last season has been difficult," he told Roma Channel. "This year we must do much better."
"The team is hungry and we want to take revenge after last season."
Roma have appointed former Real Sociedad manager Rudi Garcia as their new head coach and Totti is hopeful the new boss can enjoy a seamless transition into life in the Italian capital.
"I hope he will enter immediately into Roma's philosophy," he added.
There has been some discontent amongst Roma fans already at the club's summer training camp with many unhappy at the suggestions striker Pablo Osvaldo could be sold.
One player who is definitely not leaving, however, is Bogdan Lobont. The goalkeeper has signed a new three-year deal with the Roman outfit, although they are still in the market for a new goalkeeper following Maarten Stekelenburg's move to Fulham.
