News has been circulating on the internet since Friday stating that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is experiencing serious health problems.
Some media outlets said that Assad had suffered a stroke; while others said that he was shot and has been taken to Damascus Hospital for treatment.
France's Le Point, speculated that Assad might have been assassinated by his personal Iranian Bodyguard Mehdi al-Yaacoubi, going so far as to say that he shot him in the head.
Lebanese newspaper, al-Mustaqbal, quoted “reliable sources” as saying that Assad suffered from a cerebral infraction and was transferred to Damascus Hospital where he is being treated under high security.
As for the Saudi newspaper Okaz, Assad is suffering from a “brain tumor.” He tried to cover up his illness through short and frequent appearances. According to its sources, Assad is being treated by a Russian-Syrian medical team on a weekly basis, adding that he has undergone medical tests when he was in Moscow in October.
Pro-Syrian regime Lebanese newspaper al-Diyar reported on Friday that Assad suffered from a stroke, but denied the news today.
There were also rumors that Assad is at the American University Hospital (AUH) in Beirut. However, Al Arabiya contacted the hospital and no information on the issue was given. Al Arabiya has also tried to contact Damascus Hospital, but there has been no response.
On the other hand, in a statement carried by the Presidency of the Syrian Arab Republic page on Facebook, Syrian authorities said that such rumors were incorrect.
Last Update: Saturday, 28 January 2017 KSA 12:21 - GMT 09:21
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Swansea stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Swansea firm has secured the contract to provide doors, windows and curtain wall screens for the huge under construction Trago Mills store in Merthyr.
Work on the 300,000 sq ft retail and leisure scheme is scheduled for completion next Easter.
As well as being Trago Mill's first store in Wales, the £40m project will also include leisure facilities, a cafe and a petrol station.
(Image: Aerial Optics/Kier)
AB Glass has been awarded the contract, worth £900,000, by main contractor Kier Construction.
The latest contract adds to a series of projects being undertaken by AB Glass in the south Wales.
This includes another project for Kier at the new University of Wales Trinity Saint David (UWTSD) campus at the SA1 waterfront regeneration scheme.
Alan Brayley, managing director at AB Glass, said "We are really pleased to be working with Kier Construction on another major project..
"Trago Mills will be a great addition to Merthyr Tydfil and create hundreds of jobs, which is very positive for the region. We look forward to seeing the progress of the site as we continue with the installation stages."
Jason Taylor, operations director, Kier Construction, said: "Our partnership with AB Glass is highly valued, having reliable trusted suppliers is essential for delivering a quality finished product which our clients expect. We are delighted to appoint AB Glass who have a proven track record in high quality workmanship."
Free agency is officially open, and one of the biggest names available is Edwin Encarnacion, who's reportedly seeking a five-year, $125-million deal.
After another strong season with Toronto, Encarnacion's agent, Paul Kinzler, expects the slugger to generate interest from "10 or 11" teams, one of which could be the Boston Red Sox.
In April, David Ortiz - who retired last month after 14 years in Boston - called the 33-year-old Encarnacion a "perfect replacement" for next season - a scenario that's apparently quite alluring.
"It definitely intrigued him," Kinzer said at the general managers' meeting, according to Rob Bradford of WEEI.com. "He and David are close, and that meant a lot to him when David did that."
According to Kinzler, Encarnacion also adores the city and enjoys hitting at Fenway Park.
"He loves Boston," the agent said. "You look at his highlights from last year, I think five of his home runs were hit there. He loves to hit there. The atmosphere … That's always one of his favorite road games."
Encarnacion has indeed enjoyed great success at Fenway during his career.
STADIUM AB HR RBI OPS Fenway Park 189 14 41 .892
Although multiple signs point to a potential relationship, it may not be that simple - at least according to Red Sox president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski, who isn't interested in breaking the bank to replace Ortiz.
"I'm not sure if we're going to do it internally with a lot of the people we have or go outside the organization," Dombrowski told reporters, according to ESPN's Jerry Crasnick. "We know we can never replace (Ortiz's) presence. But we have a lot of guys who can play different positions. We have young guys coming that we like a great deal, so we'll just kind of have to wait to see what happens there.
"There are a lot of different factors. One is affordability, but not only that. How long do you want to tie somebody up for that position when we have a lot of young players coming? That's a very important part of it."
Encarnacion finished 2016 with 42 home runs, and tied Ortiz for the American League lead in RBIs with 127.
An Island farmer is preparing to build a medical marijuana production operation in Charlottetown and says he hopes ground will soon be broken on the facility as his new company clears Health Canada hurdles.
Edwin Jewell said he expects to begin construction on the project in the coming months, with plans to build a nearly 14,000-square foot facility and office in the BioCommons Research Park.
Jewell has started Canada's Island Garden Inc. with two other principals. He said there's "strong potential there for successful business" and expects to employ about 15 people.
Farmer Edwin Jewell wants to open a medical marijuana production facility in Charlottetown. (Kate McKenna/CBC)
"It's a new industry, it's going to happen," said Jewell, who is also the owner of Jewell's Country Market in York, P.E.I. "Of course there are licences (that have) been granted by Health Canada across the country right now."
Jewell said Health Canada has told him that a licence will be granted once all company principals get security clearance and officials inspect the building.
"We've taken considerable steps to make the sure the building is safe," Jewell said.
The proposal is one of a series in the Maritimes. A medical marijuana facility could be up and running by the end of this month in Moncton, N.B., as OrganiGram Inc. undergoes final inspections of its 20,000-square foot facility.
In Stellarton, N.S., Vida Cannabis Corp. says it will spend between $4 million and $5 million to secure and convert a portion of the old Clairtone Sound Corporation building for marijuana production.
Last month Charlottetown city councillors voted to amend development bylaws to restrict legal marijuana growing operations to industrial areas.
Patients using medical marijuana will no longer be allowed to grow plants in their homes as of April 1. Instead, federally-approved commercial growers will produce and ship medicinal marijuana directly to patients.
This May, comics legend Rob Liefeld returns to Marvel alongside fan-favorite creators Chris Sims & Chad Bowers (X-Men '92) for an explosive adventure so big, it needed its own Original Graphic Novel to tell it! Today, Marvel is pleased to announce that the highly anticipated DEADPOOL: BAD BLOOD OGN will be available on May 17th wherever comics and books are sold, and we're giving fans a brand-new look inside!
Shooting, stabbing and otherwise annoying his way across the Marvel Universe has made Deadpool his fair share of enemies over the years. Even though his sordid past contains no shortage of unfriendly faces, there is one he can't quite place. A brutal new foe known only as Thumper. Who is this new menace that has the Merc With a Mouth so outmatched and outgunned? What is Deadpool's past connection to this new baddie?
Wade's journey to uncover the mystery of Thumper will take him across the Marvel Universe and face-to-face with many familiar faces. Cable! Domino! X-Force! Even Star-Lord! Blood will be shed and old scores will be settled. Deadly twists and turns await as Wade Wilson faces one of his greatest challenges yet. Don't miss the full length DEADPOOL: BAD BLOOD OGN when it comes to comic shops and book stores every on May 17th!
For more information, visit Marvel.com for an interview with Deadpool: Bad Blood writer & artist Rob Liefeld.
DEADPOOL: BAD BLOOD OGN (DEC161086)
Written by ROB LIEFELD, CHRIS SIMS & CHAD BOWERS
Art & Cover by ROB LIEFELD
ISBN: 978-1-302-90153-0
FOC – 03/06/17, On-Sale – 05/17/17
Crew packs Dragon, performs science; NASA announces future ISS crew members
Derek Richardson
In addition to performing the many science experiments aboard the International Space Station, crew members get to take stunning pictures of Earth. Recently, the three millionth photo was taken from the orbiting laboratory. Photo Credit: NASA
The crew aboard the International Space Station (ISS) spent the past week primarily focused on science while packing the CRS-8 Dragon spacecraft for its return to Earth. The SpaceX capsule is slated to bring back science and equipment on May 11 for ground analysis.
Monday, May 2, saw Expedition 47 Commander Jeff Williams harvest and fixate plant growth for the Plant Gravity Sensing study, an experiment designed to understand how plants can detect gravity. Plants can sense gravity, which enables them to grow stalks in the opposite direction. Scientists hope the absence of a gravity environment will help fuel the understanding of how plants develop a “gravity sensor”.
After working with plants, Williams floated over to help validate WetLab-2 system hardware. This device is designed to help improve the speed in which genes are analyzed by having equipment on board to rapidly analyze the sample and send the data back to Earth.
Meanwhile, British European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Tim Peake worked to swap gear on a specialized microscope for the Light Microscopy Module, a modified commercial state-of-the-art imaging microscope facility which could provide researchers diagnostic hardware aboard the outpost. It has the capability of sending, remotely, images and video back to Earth. The goal is to help scientists on the ground understand how materials are affected by microgravity at a microscopic level in order to build more efficient machines on Earth and in space.
Peake went on to save data collected from his armband for the Energy study—designed to investigate energy requirements of astronauts on long-duration missions. He then did work on the Rodent Research study to help scientists better understand the process of bone and muscle atrophy. Twenty mice were flown aboard the Dragon capsule and will be returned with the capsule.
To prepare for the return of Dragon, NASA astronaut Tim Kopra and Williams continued to load the spacecraft with cargo in advance of unberthing on May 11.
Plant and rodent research continued on Tuesday with samples that were placed inside a freeze aboard Dragon. Loading of the SpaceX vessel continued as well.
Also that day, ground teams maneuvered the robotic Canadarm2 toward the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS-2) on the S3/34 truss, located on the starboard side of the station. Ground teams want to survey its condition.
The crew shifted over to Fluid Shift on Wednesday. This experiment collects data from each astronaut that wears a Chibis Lower Body Negative Pressure (LBNP) device. It measures how many fluid moves from the lower body to the upper body. Scientists want to understand the impact these shifts have on pressure inside the head, which can affect vision. This is the third and final week of the experiment.
Later in the day, ground controllers guided Canadarm2 to the Harmony module in advance of Dragon unberthing, where, on Thursday, it will be used to look for defects in the Thermal Protection System (which were intentionally made) in order to validate techniques for inspection of future crewed vehicles. After those inspections, the arm was grappled onto the Dragon in preparation for unberthing operations.
In addition to continuing the fluid shift experiment on May 5, astronauts also took surface and air samples around the outpost to study microbial diversity for the Microbial Observatory-1 experiment.
Another experiment that was worked on was Strata-1. Hardware was setup to download imagery taken for the study, which explores how soil from other planetary bodies might behave in order to help design future spacesuits and other space gear.
Friday, May 6, was mostly spent on ongoing experiments and, as usual, Saturday was primarily for station cleaning and off duty activities for the crew.
Much of the week's activities included preparing Dragon for departure on May 11. Photo Credit: NASA
Also on Friday, NASA and the rest of the space station partners announced the newest round of expedition crew members that will visit the outpost in the second half of 2017. The selection includes first-time NASA astronaut Scott Tingle and veteran Randy Bresnik.
“There's so much going on aboard the space station at this point, so many science experiments and technology demonstrations,” Chris Cassidy, chief of the Astronaut Office at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, said in a press release. “Scott and Randy have their work cut out for them, but I have no doubt they'll do excellent jobs.”
Tingle, 50, is a member of NASA's 2009 astronaut class. He will fly with Russian cosmonauts Ivan Vagner—who will also be on his first spaceflight—and veteran Alexander Skvortsov. The three of them will launch in September 2017 aboard Soyuz MS-06.
They will join with the Expedition 53 crew of NASA astronaut Jack Fischer, ESA astronaut Paolo Nespoli, and Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin.
Tingle was born in Attleboro, Massachusetts. He was commissioned as a naval officer in 1991 and earned gold wings of a naval aviator in 1993. He is currently a captain in the U.S. Navy and has accumulated more than 4,000 hours in 48 different types of aircraft. This includes 700 aircraft carrier landings and 54 combat missions.
Tingle has a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering, which he earned in 1987 from Southern Massachusetts University in Dartmouth. He earned a master's degree in mechanical engineering—specializing in fluid mechanics and propulsion—from Purdue University in Indiana in 1988. He graduated from the Navy Test Pilot School in 1998.
While Tingle will launch in September, he will be joined by Bresnik in November of that year as part of Expedition 54.
Bresnik will launch aboard Soyuz MS-07 with Russian cosmonaut Sergey Ryazansky and Japanese astronaut Norishige Kanai.
Bresnik, 48, is a retired colonel in the U.S. Marine Corps. He received his commission in May 1989 and was designated a Marine Corps aviator in 1992. In support of Operation Southern Watch and Operation Iraqi Freedom, he flew the F/A-18 Hornet. In total, he has accumulated more than 6,000 hours in 81 different types of aircraft.
He was selected as an astronaut in May 2004, and his first flight into space was aboard Space Shuttle Atlantis as part of STS-129. During that mission to the ISS, he conducted two spacewalks totaling 11 hours and 50 minutes.
Graduating from The Citadel in Charleston, South Carolina, in 1989, Bresnik earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics. In 2002, he earned a master's degree in aviation systems from the University of Tennessee. Additionally, he graduated from the U.S. Air Force Air War College in 2008.
Video courtesy of NASA
As much as 50 per cent of the 101 sexual harassment complaints filed in 16 educational institutions in the national capital since 2013 were from the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), data released by the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) on Wednesday revealed.
The commission also noted that the implementation of the Sexual Harassment at the Workplace Act, 2013 was flawed in many of these institutions.
Advertising
According to the data received by the commission, the internal complaints committee of the JNU reported 51 cases of sexual harassment since 2013. JNU was followed by AIIMS with 10 complaints and Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) with nine.
Six of the complaints were still pending. Three of these were from IGNOU and the others were from IIT, AIIMS and Jamia Milia Islamia. Six of the 22 institutions in the capital reported no cases of sexual harassment.
”We did not notice a trend where the number of complaints filed over the years have gone up. We also observed the institutions have a tendency to quell the complaints,” said DCW chairperson Swati Maliwal.
The commission had, in August, written to 23 institutions in Delhi including the Jamia Millia Islamia, JNU, National Law University, National School of Drama (NSD), Delhi University (DU) and the IIT for details about cases of sexual harassment filed by students or university employees.
The DCW did not receive the data from DU. “Registrar of DU has been summoned for non-submission of data even after passage of almost four months on November 30, 2015,” the DCW said.
The commission sent summons and notices to the NSD and the Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU) for flouting the provisions of the act.
The commission said, NSD had not appointed an external member of its complaints committee, while GGSIPU said the complainant had to approach the complaints committee within 15 days of an incident, even when the act gives the complainants three months.
”There is a need for uniform guidelines as we saw that every institution follows a different one. Some have an appellate authority while others don't,” said Maliwal.
”A follow-up letter has been sent to University Grants Commission (UGC) and Ministry of HRD for framing uniform guidelines under the said act,” the DCW said.
Advertising
Maliwal said the commission will interact with students and teachers in educational institutions and frame recommendations to be made to the Delhi government and the Centre over the next two to three months.
The subject of Carly Simon's “You're So Vain” is one of the greatest mysteries of modern music , but in a new interview with PEOPLE about her forthcoming book Boys In the Trees, the legendary singer reveals who the iconic track is about … sort of.
According to Simon, only the second verse is about Warren Beatty. “I have confirmed that the second verse is Warren,” she tells PEOPLE. “Warren thinks the whole thing is about him!”
RELATED: EW's 25 Best Albums in 25 Years
That verse in question has these lyrics: “You had me several years ago when I was still quite naive/ Well you said that we made such a pretty pair / And that you would never leave/ But you gave away the things you loved and one of them was me/ I had some dreams, they were clouds in my coffee.”
Simon acknowledged Beatty may have been one of the inspirations for the song back in a 1989 interview with Fame Magazine, but she denied for years that it was about one man. Many speculated that it was about Beatty, Kris Kristofferson, David Cassidy, or David Bowie.
Beatty, though, has long thought “You're So Vain” was about him, and said in a 1999 interview, “Let's be honest, that song is about me.”
Simon says the other verses are about two different men, but she wouldn't say who, and doesn't think she'll reveal their identities anytime soon. “At least until they know it's them,” she says.
For more on Simon, head to PEOPLE.
Mark Pernice
The Research: In a series of studies, Rebecca Walker Reczek and Daniel Zane at Fisher College of Business and Julie Irwin at McCombs School of Business asked people what information they wanted when purchasing jeans. The subjects were told that because of time limits, they could get details on only two of the following attributes: price, style, wash, and child labor practices. The subjects who didn't select labor practices were then asked their opinions of consumers who did. They rated the do-gooders low on positive traits (such as attractive and stylish) and high on negative traits (such as odd and boring).
The Challenge: Why would people look down their noses at ethical shoppers? Aren't they role models for the rest of us? Professor Reczek, defend your research.
Reczek: We already knew from past research that most consumers will choose not to look at a company's ethical practices when selecting products. Our goal was to study downstream consequences. When you decide not to seek out ethical information about a company but then see another person doing it, how does that make you feel? What are the social consequences of seeing someone do the ethical thing after you remained willfully ignorant? What we found is that people put down these “ethical others,” rating them as more boring, odder, and less attractive—all these really negative things.
HBR: Are humans so terrible that we think people who do good are weird?
Two things can happen when people see someone else doing something moral. They can either be inspired by that person or denigrate him or her. They may do the latter because of something psychologists call social comparison theory. It holds that we all have an overarching propensity to compare ourselves to others. If you see someone who is better than you on some dimension, like ethics, you feel threatened. It makes you feel bad about yourself. One way to overcome that is to put the other person down. Until our study, this hadn't been explored in the context of ethical consumption. We predicted that this negative effect would occur, because how ethical people feel is a really important part of their identity.
Why were you so certain the subjects would act negatively? Why didn't you think people would be inspired by ethical shoppers?
Most of the studies of what's called moral elevation—when you see someone act ethically and want to emulate that behavior—have looked at exceptional acts, like starting a soup kitchen to help the homeless. We're inspired by people like Mother Teresa, who do really amazing things to transform their communities. This often does lead to moral elevation. But most of us haven't encountered a situation in which we've deliberately made a choice not to do that inspiring thing. Since you didn't actively choose not to start a soup kitchen, you don't experience a sense of threat the way you do if you observe someone buying jeans in a more ethical way than you did.
But maybe I really don't care about the ethics of how they were made.
Our pretests show that people do think ethical attributes are important. So it's not that they don't care about them. If they know that something has been made under terrible labor conditions, they probably won't buy it. It's just that they would rather not find out. Julie Irwin did groundbreaking work on this idea. She found that people will use ethical information if it's right in front of them, but they won't seek it out. It's a coping mechanism to avoid having to deal with the bad feelings that will arise if you discover horrible practices.
How do you know that we don't simply dislike ethical people because they seem self-righteous or attention seeking?
We tested this in a second study. It had the same design as the first, but in one condition, before we told participants about this other ethical person and asked them to rate him, we gave them a chance to make a free donation to a charity by clicking on a website. The people who got to do that didn't put down the other person, because they'd had a chance to shore up their ethical identity and didn't experience the same sense of threat. That little act was enough to make them feel ethical.
Did how people felt about child labor itself change too?
Yes. We measured how angry the subjects felt about the use of child labor in manufacturing. People who disparaged ethical shoppers felt less angry about it. They saw themselves saying, “Gosh, people who care are boring and weird” and inferred that they themselves must not care much about that issue. This is described by another well-known psychological theory, self-perception theory. It holds that one of the ways that we learn about ourselves is by observing our own actions. In other words, if I'm someone who exercises all the time, then I learn that I'm a healthy person.
Did any of the people who didn't act ethically resolve to do better afterward?
In a similar study—using backpacks instead of jeans and replacing child labor with unsustainable manufacturing—we asked participants how interested they'd be in signing a pledge to be more sustainable. We found that subjects who put down ethical people were less likely to want to sign the pledge. That act of denigration undermined their commitment and their ethical values. Because they saw themselves calling people who took the time to research the sustainability information “odd,” “boring,” or “not fashionable,” they said to themselves, “I guess I don't care much about sustainability,” and then they weren't as interested in the pledge.
In the study, subjects made this choice immediately after they put someone down. Is this a short-term effect that wears off? In a few minutes? A day?
That's an open question. One of the big things that we don't know from this research is how long the effect persists in the real world. That still needs to be studied.
What else should be studied?
We need to examine how people find out that someone else has behaved more ethically than they did. Our studies are agnostic about this. But it could make a difference if the more ethical person was bragging about it as opposed to posting something about the ethics of a product in an online review. That would be interesting—especially because other people's purchases are a lot more transparent to us in 2016 than they were even 10 years ago. You see people talking on social media about the fact that they bought this particular brand of jeans because they knew the maker paid fair wages or because it was produced using sustainably sourced cotton.
What should companies take away from this?
Companies that are making goods in an ethical way need to advertise their practices prominently on the package in the store—where people are making decisions. Don't force consumers to seek out that information. People will use the information if it's there. They just don't want to look for it.
Can I use this in my personal life if, for example, I want to persuade my meat-eating friends to become vegetarian?
You'll be more successful if you present great recipes and say, “These are good for you and good for the planet,” than if you tell people they're causing horrific harm to animals. No one wants to think about hurting animals. People will just tune that message out and think, “Those vegetarians are so weird.” I mean, you can talk about values, but don't present yours as the morally superior ones.
All this began to change in the 1990s, when a group of researchers—including Kurt Johnson, one of the editors of Fine Lines—verified Nabokov's classification of blues, an event described in greater detail in the 2001 book Nabokov's Blues. Then in 2011, DNA studies also confirmed Nabokov's explanation of the evolution of the New World blues. There has since then been much debate about the importance of this work. The editors of Fine Line claim that Nabokov was the victim of “malign neglect” in the entomological community, arguing that scientists didn't take him seriously because of his literary fame, and they set out to correct this by making big—sometimes implausible—claims for him. They write of Nabokov as a “visionary” who was able to grasp evolutionary patterns through his “apparent ability to create a virtual zoetrope in his head to see ten million years” of change. Another essay calls Nabokov “a genius not only of the artistic but of the scientific kind.” The editors even claim that Nabokov would have achieved still greater importance had he continued: “He would have mastered, and welcomed, all the new advances of the modern synthesis,” they write. “Any other assessment seems unrealistic.”
This profession of faith doesn't sit well with the book's scientific claims. Moreover, some of the arguments of Nabokov's detractors are convincing. In her review of Nabokov's Blues for Science in 2000, entomologist May Berenbaum pointed out that just because Nabokov's findings had been proven correct didn't mean those findings were particularly important. “The fact remains,” she wrote, “that his research was of modest extent and of interest to only a small segment of the scientific community.” Rather than an “unappreciated scientific genius,” Berenbaum suggested, Nabokov was in his literary work simply “the best writer about insects … possibly ever.”
If you place his novels and memoirs side by side with his lepidopterological studies, one thing is clear: Nabokov was interested in telling very different stories about butterflies in each. As a lepidopterist, he was interested in stories that spanned vast, geological time periods, informed by fine-grained empirical observations. But in his novels and stories, butterflies flit in and out of the narrative, either to adorn a moment of impossible desire or as flickering omens of doom—as in the case of the red admiral that lands on John Shade's arm before he is assassinated in Pale Fire. They are creatures of the ever-disappearing present, hardly existing for any concrete purpose at all; their wings bear the heavy load of subjectivity. In their elusiveness, their intricacy, they embodied the Nabokovian aesthetic; they were, as he wrote in Speak, Memory, an emblem of the “non-utilitarian delights” he sought in art.
Fine Lines does not accept quite so stark a distinction between Nabokov's two butterfly-related endeavors. One of the most revealing essays in the volume is Victoria N. Alexander's examination of the way Nabokov's views on butterfly evolution enlivened his imagination. Among Nabokov's more heretical scientific opinions, for instance, was that Darwinian evolution couldn't explain why some butterflies are able to mimic their surroundings so effectively. When a butterfly looks like a leaf, he wrote, “not only are all the details of a leaf beautifully rendered, but markings mimicking grub-bored holes are generously thrown in.” The disguise is more realistic, he notes, than necessary to fool a predator, and so it must have come about by chance rather than by natural selection. While, before, scholars of his work, such as his biographer Brian Boyd, have seen these remarks as unscientific, “dearly held metaphysical speculations,” Alexander shows that it was in fact Nabokov's study of wing patterns that led him to this critique, and that his views were “very like those of other reputable scientists of his day who argued against gradualism.” The reasoning is scientific and the conclusion is aesthetically gratifying. These superfluous imitations, Alexander explains, were to Nabokov “art for art's sake”—nature's own trompe l'oeil. They appealed to his appetite for practical jokes and coincidences that seemed to yield unexpected meaning.
To build extravagant theories on the most minute details, seeking purely personal epiphanies, is only to follow the lead of Nabokov's characters.
Other essays in the collection scour Nabokov's works for signs of particular butterfly species, where there is scarcely a trail. Robert Dirig's essay tracks appearances of the Toothwort White, or Pieris virginiensis, and related “lepidopteral, ornithological, and botanical motifs” in Pale Fire with mixed results. Most impressive is the detective work Dirig carries out, using information about the butterfly's habitat, to figure out the “real” location of New Wye, the fictional college town where the novel is set. Less persuasive is his thesis that Nabokov based the character Hazel Shade, an adolescent girl, on the Toothwort White in its larval stages. The girl and the pupa share, he submits, “a long ‘nose', awkwardly humped profile, and wall-flower obscurity.” Another essay in the collection makes much of butterfly-related puns in Lolita without making it clear what these word games reveal.
There's a special sense in which all of this activity, however unenlightening, is essentially Nabokovian. His works, ripe with multiple meanings and laced with esoteric clues, invite the kind of obsessive close reading that Charles Kinbote himself performs in Pale Fire, adding copious footnotes to John Shade's 999-line poem. To build extravagant theories on the most minute details and to strike out into one's own Alpine meadows with net in hand, seeking purely personal epiphanies, is only to follow the lead of Nabokov's characters.
Nabokov himself, meanwhile, seemed to take pride in discouraging indulgent readings of his butterfly work. When he died in 1977, he was working on a new book with a scientific focus, an illustrated history of Butterflies in Art, ranging from ancient Egypt to the Renaissance. It was to include works by Hieronymus Bosch, Jan Brueghel, Albrecht Dürer, and many others, though he complained their depictions were imprecise and ignorant. He traveled across small towns in Italy, France, and the Netherlands, asking curators to call up more accurate but little-known still lifes from their stacks. “That in some cases the butterfly symbolizes something,” he insisted, “lies utterly outside my area of interest.”
Jessica Aguilar, the World Series of Fighting strawweight champion and No. 1-ranked fighter in the world at 115 pounds, has ruled MMA for years.
Now she's setting her sights on self-promotion.
It's out of character for the 32-year-old Aguilar, a humble sort who missed out on a chance to join the high-profile UFC in heart-breaking fashion.
But so far, her self-promotion strategy has worked well.
Aguilar, who trains at American Top Team (ATT) in Coconut Creek, represented herself while negotiating a four-fight contract with the WSOF last year. Although the total value of the contract isn't known, according to reports, she was paid $35,000 for her June title victory over Emi Fujino. That was the second fight of the deal.
The third fight, and her second title defense, is Saturday at WSOF 15 at the USF Sun Dome in Tampa.
Aguilar (18-4-0), who is on a nine-fight win streak, defends her title against Kalindra Faria (15-3-1) in an event that will be televised live at 9 p.m. on NBC Sports Network.
“It's going to be aggressive, it's going to be technical, and it's going to be quick,” said Aguilar, who has two victories over legendary Megumi Fujii. “That's what I want. I'm going old school.
“I'm ready. And her kicks, or whatever, she's going to go flying if I catch one of those kicks. If she tries to take me down, she's going to pay on the ground. I'm going to take it back to the old school.”
Aguilar-Faria, which is being threatened by a lawsuit that contends Faria is under contract with XFC, is one of three title fights on the WSOF 15 card.
Middleweight champion David Branch (14-3-0) defends his belt against Yushin Okami (30-8-0) in the main event. And Melvin Guillard (32-13-2), who also trains at ATT/Coconut Creek, challenges lightweight champion Justin Gaethje (12-0-0) for his belt, and in the co-main event.
“It's going to be good,” Aguilar said. “I want to tell the audience not to miss this fight. It's very important. All my fights are very important.
“This one, just with everything going on, I really have to make a huge statement for the division.”
Here's what's going on:
After Aguilar was released by Bellator last August she was a free agent. With no contract, she was facing the prospect of having to get a fulltime job. She talked to Invicta. And there were rumors the UFC might add a women's 115-pound division, but it could be in six weeks or six months. No one knew.
So in October, Aguilar went to WSOF 7 at the BankUnited Center in Coral Gables. In perhaps her best job of self-promotion ever, she pitched herself to WSOF president Ray Sefo. The WSOF called Aguilar the next day and asked what they had to do to sign her.
“I said I think I'm still worth more than this but here's my number, and I gave him a number, and I said, ‘I won't fight for less than this,' ” Aguilar said. “He said, ‘OK, I'll get you a contract in 30 minutes.'
“I had a contract in my inbox in 30 minutes. They gave me more than I asked for. I was like, really? Is this really happening right now? I didn't know where I was going to go. They even gave me a bonus. I said, ‘Sef, I've never seen a contract negotiated like that.' He said, ‘You did a good job.' “
The contract with WSOF precluded a deal Aguilar got with Tommie Copper compression apparel.
Unfortunately for Aguilar about two weeks after she signed with WSOF the UFC announced it was adding the women's 115-pound division and the women would compete on the nationally-broadcast Ultimate Fighter TV show.
For the record, Sefo doesn't consider the WSOF a subordinate to the UFC.
“We are most definitely our own league, we are most definitely not a feeder to the UFC,” Sefo said. “I have a lot of respect for the UFC but we're one of the best organizations in the world. We're on NBC and NBC Sports Network, we're in over 90 countries around the world, we have some of the best fighters in the world.”
Aguilar admits she might have missed out on a big opportunity with the UFC, but speaking as a strawweight champion and the world's No. 1-ranked fighter in her weight class, she couldn't justify going through a tournament to win a belt she already wears.
“It just didn't make sense to me,” she said. “And, I'm not a reality girl. I'm more of a trainer and worker. I'm more of a get me out in front of a group of kids and let me help them, get me out to the hospital and let me help people. Let's go feed some homeless. I'm more of that.
“I'm not catty, into the drama, I can't do that. I wouldn't have been good for that.”
By the way, Aguilar's previous management company came calling after she signed with WSOF.
“They were like, ‘We can change your life now. You should have something in your contract that could get you out,' ” she said. “I didn't want to because for me, if you're loyal to me, I'm going to be loyal to you.
“WSOF gave me an opportunity. Obviously, the platform is much smaller than the UFC, but they gave me an opportunity. They made me feel like a real champion. They gave me what I wanted and they gave me even more, and they kept me busy.
“So that's what happened with that.”
As for Aguilar's future, which includes Saturday's fight with Faria, Aguilar plans to keep on with the self-promotion.
“My goal right now is stay focused, keep training hard, and keep winning,” Aguilar said.
“And continue proving why I'm the best. Nobody can take that away from me. Even if they crown a champion in December and the UFC rankings…they can say whatever they want, but I'll keep doing it. And I'm going to continue facing the best, and I'm going to continue proving why I'm the best.
“Saturday, I have to go in there and make a statement and prove why I'm the best.”
Two professors who voiced conservative viewpoints at Grand Valley State University in Michigan were reported to the school's bias response team by students in their class, according to documents recently obtained by The College Fix through a public records act request.
In one case, a professor stated they believed there are only two genders and did not want to use pronouns such as Ze and Zir. In the second case, a professor said he believed children deserved to be raised by a mother and father, a statement that — after it was reported to campus administrators — prompted the department chair to have a “conversation with the faculty member about the incident,” a campus spokesperson told The College Fix.
The two bias incidents were reported during the fall 2015 semester.
One bias report was filed against associate professor of philosophy Mark Moes by a student in one of his Philosophy 101 courses, according to the list of bias incidents reported that semester that was obtained by The Fix.
“Moes verbally attacked the rights of same-sex couples” because he stated that “children need opposite sex parents,'' and that there is psychological proof that children brought up with same-sex parents grow up to have “all sorts of personality disorders,” the student wrote in their complaint.
What really upset the student was Moes' concern over the rights of children rather than the parents. The student quotes Moes as saying, “‘You want to talk about rights? How about children's rights to have a proper upbringing?'”
After this, nobody said anything, but apparently, there was palpable tension in the “noticeable amount of uncomfortable shifting,” according to the student's complaint.
“These comments could obviously be damaging to any students who do not identify as heterosexual,” said the student, adding “myself falling under that category.” The author then displayed similar distress for those students who may have been raised by homosexual parents and a disdain for the class.
Moes did not respond to several emails from The College Fix seeking comment.
A similar scenario unfolded in another class.
An unnamed professor explained, in regard to a specific system of data entry, that there are certain categories that have only one possible answer. He then compared this principle to the belief that gender is only male and female.
“He went on to say that the new terms Ze/Zir for gender nonconforming students were ‘ridiculous' and ‘he didn't understand because there is only male and female,'” the student filing the bias incident report stated.
The student added the professor “was not hateful towards any individual” but insisted that the class “only use male and female as variables.” The student, however, stated they felt that this separated those who do not identify as either male or female from the learning environment.
“I don't care what his personal feelings are about gender, but he has created an unwelcoming environment for students who don't fit as male or female,” said the anonymous student. “That's not acceptable.”
‘It is not a punitive process'
Grand Valley State University responds to bias reports on a case-by-case basis, an official told The College Fix.
“If the allegations of such a report appear to be violative of the University's harassment or discrimination policies, it will be referred to the Inclusion and Equity Division to be reviewed and possibly investigated,” said Sara Pokorski, Interim FOIA Coordinator, to The College Fix. “Most bias incident reports do not result in such a referral or investigation. The bias incident reporting system is not disciplinary but a mechanism for someone to report that they felt mistreated and, consequently, University offices work to address the needs of the affected individual.”
Asked about the two incidents regarding anti-LGBTQ comments, a university spokesperson said in an email to The College Fix that with regard to the professor who did not want to use preferred gender pronouns, “the university did not know who the complaint was against so the faculty member could not be informed.”
As for the situation regarding Professor Moes, the spokesperson stated: “Department chair had a conversation with the faculty member about the incident. The university does not require any further action for bias incidents as it is not a punitive process.”
At Grand Valley State, the Team Against Bias, or TAB, is made of faculty, staff, and students. Seven of these members make up the Bias Incident Response Team, which “oversees the reporting, tracking and follow-up of individual incidents and campus wide responses (when deemed necessary),” according to its website.
Scared silent?
Some have questioned whether such bias response teams have a chilling effect on faculty's free speech rights inside the classroom.
Earlier this year, a professor at the University of Northern Colorado was investigated by the university's Bias Response Team for comments made while playing “devil's advocate” in class. After national uproar, the university disbanded the bias response team.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
After the House of Representatives voted to replace Obamacare with a new health care plan of their own, leftist forces mobilized to get as much money from their frustrated allies as possible.
Daily Kos, Swing Left, and ActBlue announced a total of 45,000 grassroots donations of a total of $2 million in a statement to reporters.
Former Obama aides and their Pod Save America and Crooked Media media enterprise teamed up with Swing Left to raise more than $800,000.
The news gave the members of “the resistance” that is organizing against President Donald Trump new momentum.
“Thankfully, the overwhelming response we've seen from countless Americans ensures that many House Republicans will quickly regret their vote, and sends a clear signal to those in both the House and Senate that supporting the AHCA and the Republican agenda comes with a political price,” Executive Director of Swing Left Ethan Todras-Whitehill said in a statement.
Daily Kos also raised $800,000.
“Americans are horrified that congressional Republicans just voted to take away their health care, and that's kindled real anger—anger that the Daily Kos community is channeling with record-breaking donations at unheard-of speed,” said Daily Kos Political Director David Nir in a statement.
ActBlue boasted small-dollar donations for over 1200 different campaigns, organizations, and funds.
CANNIBAL CORPSE Announces Tour With Misery Index
Tags:
CANNIBAL CORPSE has announced that they will be embarking on their first US tour after having dominated stages as headliners of the Summer Slaughter Tour 2012. This headlining tour is scheduled to begin on November 16th and wrap up on December 7th. Dates and venues are listed below and can be found here . Supporting CANNIBAL CORPSE on this tour will be Misery Index and Hour of Penance. Tickets for the tour will be on sale beginning September 14th on-line and at your local venue's box office.CANNIBAL CORPSE are touring in support of their critically lauded, impossibly brutal full-length, Torture, released through Metal Blade Records earlier this Spring.CANNIBAL CORPSEw/ Misery Index, Hour Of Penance11/16 Huntsville, AL Crossroads Music Hall11/17 Little Rock, AR Juanitas11/18 Springfield, MO Outland Ballroom11/19 Bloomington, IL The Castle Theater11/20 Eau Claire, WI House Of Rock11/21 Madison, WI High Noon Saloon11/23 Flint, MI The Machine Shop11/24 Pittsburgh, PA Mr. Smalls11/25 Poughkeepsie, NY The Chance11/27 Providence, RI The Met11/28 New York, NY Boat Show *no Hour of Penance11/29 Allentown, PA Crocodile Rock11/30 Asbury Park, NJ Stone Pony12/01 Washington, DC Rock N Roll Hotel12/03 Louisville, KY Headliners12/04 Spartanburg, SC Ground Zero12/06 Miami, FL Grand Central12/07 Tampa, FL Brass Mug
Saturday, February 26, 2011 at 07:01PM
Just three years ago, there was a house and garden in Wollongong that looked pretty similar to all the others...
How different it looks now! A flourishing forest of food, mosaiced with mulched paths and dotted with water tanks, a chook house and nursery...and doesn't our little solar power system and solar hot water system look cute from above? Thanks for the great pic www.nearmap.com!
These new November 2010 aerial maps give us a real sense of not only how our garden has changed over time, but how our suburban garden links into the surrounding landscape. Often in suburban areas and cities there are such isolated pockets of forests remaining, and looking from above with a ‘birds eye' perspective, you can get a sense of how important our backyards can be in providing food and shelter for wildlife passing from one pocket of forest to another.
As we're on an adventures in urban sustainability, these aerial photographs also make us think about our ecological footprint, and how that's changed as our home and garden has changed...
Have you looked at your home and garden from above? What do aerial pictures of your local suburb make you think about?
David Newman is accused of sexually assaulting four women (Picture: Daniel William McKnight)
A doctor accused of masturbating on a drugged patient claimed he got semen on her face by accident.
Dr David Newman allegedly drugged the woman before ejaculating on her face at Mount Sinai Hospital, New York.
But the 44-year-old ex-medic said he masturbated in a lounge before treating her, and accidentally got semen on her, the Sun reported.
When shown a picture of the patient on January 12 – the same day he saw her – Newman told police: ‘I am embarrassed because I wacked off in the lounge, and it was possible that to ejaculate may have gone from my hands to the woman's blanket.
‘Semen may have also transferred from my hand to her face during the time I treated her.'
Newman no longer works at Mount Sinai Hospital (Picture: EPA/ANDREW GOMBERT)
He turned himself in a week later and was arrested.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Prosecutors said that DNA taken immediately after the alleged assault matched Newman's.
MORE: Disabled teenager left to sleep on A&E floor for 12 hours ‘because there were no beds'
Assistant District Attorney Eun-Ha Kim said that Newman gave the woman an extra dose of morphine, after a nurse had already done so, ‘in absolute violation of hospital protocol'.
MORE: Retired policeman stumbles upon £90,000 of drugs on nudist beach
Three more women, aged between 18 and 21, have since come forward and accused Newman of groping their breasts during the summer and fall of 2015, the prosecutor said.
One came into the ER for a cold, another for an eyebrow rash and the third a headache.
Kim added: ‘There was simply no medically legitimate reason to fondle these women's breasts.'
Kim offered him four years in prison if he pleaded guilty to the top count, but defence lawyer Susan Necheles rejected the offer.
She said: ‘Mr Newman obviously denies all of these allegations. They're not true. This case appears to be a case that will go to trial.'
Newman, who is no longer employed at Mount Sinai, pleaded not guilty to five counts of sexual abuse.
NeoBytes :) is an occasional feature that takes a step back from the big headlines, to take a look at what else is happening in the vast, scary expanse of the tech world - often with a cynical eye, always with a dose of humour.
"Sextronauts" Eva Lovia and Johnny Sins
Neil Armstrong once said, "That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind,” when he became the first human being ever, to set foot on the moon. It was undeniably a historic moment for the people of Earth, which also helped deepen our knowledge of outer space. But let us ask you this: how do you feel about a plan to make the world's first ever porno video to be shot in space, beyond the atmosphere of our planet?
After introducing the WankBand, which collects power when moved in an up and down motion, Pornhub has announced its plans to make history, by shooting a pornographic flick in space. Yes, you read that right. And to make this a reality, the company has started a 30-day crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo, to be able to raise $3.4 million for the said space porn project.
All the money collected will then be used to pay for the seating of crew and actors who will ride on a "consumer space shuttle", stain-proof suits, and of course, "state-of-the-art video equipment to broadcast the iconic moment." Unfortunately, that whole "consumer space shuttle" thing, not to mention the actual low cost of this endeavor makes us believe this won't be anything more than, at best, a ride on Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic "space" flights (ie not space) or, even worse, a ride on "the vomit comet".
Donors of the campaign not only help make the idea a reality, but they get rewards in return too. $1 will get a donor a certificate stating they helped support the space program, while $10 will get a donor early access to the video. Pornhub even accepts donations of up to $20,000, which will allow you to run the show, and design a scene, scripts, positions, angles, and all.
Pornhub VP Corey Price further explains the company's plans regarding the "Sexploration" mission:
We're looking to pioneer a one-of-a-kind mission to push the boundaries of intergalactic sexploration, defy gravity and make history. We are excited to change the adult industry as we currently know it by venturing into the final sexual frontier. This will be a grand experiment in learning how intercourse works after penetrating the Earth's atmosphere, a lesson we'd like to broadcast and produce — with great enjoyment — in direct collaboration with those interested in being a part of the global front that will make this a reality.
So far, as of this writing, Pornhub has only collected about $5,500 for the campaign. If the goal is reached and everything goes well, the launch of the program could happen by late 2016. The company can only get the money raised if the goal is reached. Otherwise, all the money donated will be refunded back to people.
While it is possible that this might be just a joke, sex in outer space, and even more importantly reproduction, is actually a topic of great interest for space agencies around the world. Being able to learn more about it is a very important step in humankind's journey to other planets.
So godspeed Pornhub!
Source and Image via Pornhub on Indiegogo
Bruce Hyde, whose acting career took him from the original "Star Trek" series to summer stock in northern Minnesota to small stages in the Twin Cities, died Tuesday at 74. Hyde had suffered from throat cancer and was in hospice near St. Cloud.
Hyde had chaired the department of theater, film studies and dance at St. Cloud State University for more than 20 years before he had to step down this year. He also was one of the artistic directors at L'Homme Dieu Theater in Alexandria when St. Cloud State oversaw that summer stock operation.
It was his work on "Star Trek" that always wowed local actors who worked with Hyde.
"He never made a big deal about it," said actor-director Zach Curtis. "He was like, 'Yeah, I did that.' We were the people who made a big deal about him. He talked about it as an experience that got him to where he was now."
Hyde, a Dallas native, played Lt. Kevin Riley on two early episodes of "Star Trek" that remain fan favorites: "The Naked Time" and "The Conscience of the King." He thought little of it at the time because no one could fathom what a cultural phenomenon the series would become.
"They were good parts," he said in a 2004 interview. "I just liked the experience of working for a paycheck."
Bruce Hyde as Willie Loman in "Death of a Salesman" in 2006.
It wasn't until several years later, reading about a New York convention dedicated to "Star Trek" that he realized "how big it was." He appeared at a few conventions and even sang "I'll Take You Home Again, Kathleen," which he had done in one of the episodes to great acclaim.
"Of all the TV shows I could have done in the '60s, how many would still have this following?" he said in 2004. "I feel privileged to be a part of it."
Hyde also did guest spots on "That Girl" and "The Beverly Hillbillies" and then did "Canterbury Tales" on Broadway. He performed with a San Francisco production of "Hair" and then dropped out of acting for a decade.
Hyde started at St. Cloud State in 1990 and first achieved critical notice as an actor on the Twin Cities stage about a decade later for his smart and focused performance as a British agent in a production at Theatre in the Round. He continued with a performance as Willy Loman in Starting Gate Production's staging of "Death of a Salesman" that remains one of the best takes on Arthur Miller's iconic character ever to grace a local stage. Other notable performances included "12 Angry Men," "The Rainmaker" and "Of Mice and Men."
"He was so effortless," said Curtis, who directed Hyde frequently and also acted with him.
Indeed, he appeared that way, but Curtis noted that Hyde would carry roles with him throughout the run of a show.
"I always felt sorry for Susan [Saetre, his wife of 20 years] when he had a bad-guy character because he lived that at home," Curtis said.
Hyde received his cancer diagnosis several years ago and had recovered to the point where friends and family felt he was in the clear, Curtis said. The disease returned this year. Throughout his ordeal, Hyde supported theatrical productions with his presence.
"Every time he saw a show, he would stay afterward and talk to everyone," Curtis said. "When we did 'Lend Me a Tenor' up in St. Cloud, Susan told me afterward that he hadn't laughed that hard in a long time."
Hyde is survived by Saetre, two stepchildren, a granddaughter and a sister and brother-in-law. A private service is being planned.
AT&T (NYSE: T) today announced it will release its Enhanced Control, Orchestration, Management and Policy (ECOMP) platform to the wider telecom industry as an open source offering managed by the Linux Foundation. The goal, the company said, is to make ECOMP the telecom industry's standard automation platform for managing virtual network functions and other software-centric network capabilities.
According to AT&T's John Donovan, that's exactly what appears to be on the horizon. "We want to build a community -- where people contribute to the code base and advance the platform. And, we want this to help align the global industry," Donovan said in an AT&T release. "We've engaged a third-party company to be the integrator and provide support in the industry for the ECOMP platform. And we've received positive feedback from major global telecom companies. We're excited to share more on that front very soon."
AT&T promised in June that it would release all 8.5 million lines of code for ECOMP -- a platform the company developed internally over the past few years -- to the open source community. Today the company followed through on that promise via the Linux Foundation.
Donovan explained that ECOMP is a key element of AT&T's efforts to virtualize its network operations as the carrier moves into a software-defined network (SDN) architecture. According to AT&T, ECOMP enables the automation of service delivery, service assurance, performance management, fault management and SDN tasks. What's more, ECOMP is designed to work with OpenStack but can be extended to other cloud and compute environments.
"Over the last few years, AT&T invented what we believe to be the most sophisticated, comprehensive and scalable software-centric network in the world," Donovan said in the company's release. "Today, we're letting anyone use and build upon our millions of lines of software code by committing to releasing it into the open source community."
ECOMP is an element of AT&T's wider goal of virtualizing 75 percent of its network by 2020. The company made progress toward that goal last year by virtualizing 5.7 percent of its network, and this year the company hopes to migrate 30 percent of its applications into a private cloud by the end of 2016.
As Current Analysis' Peter Jarich pointed out earlier this year, ECOMP highlights a noteworthy trend among the world's top operators: The push to develop their own platforms internally, without aid from outside vendors. "It points to yet another service provider taking network innovation into its own hands," Jarich wrote of ECOMP and similar efforts. "We see the goal of driving innovation in ways that vendors aren't -- or aren't doing fast enough. Ultimately, we get a clear signal of network innovations that service providers want, but aren't getting from their vendor partners."
For more:
- see this AT&T release
Related articles:
AT&T's Donovan: 2016 is a critical year in virtualizing our network
AT&T's Donovan: We'll migrate 80% of our apps into the cloud by end of 2016
Jarich: Open vs. Closed. Fast vs. Slow. -- Why are operators giving up on vendor-led innovation?
We've right to shoot down US bombers outside our airspace, says North Korea
New York : North Korea reserves the right to shoot down US warplanes flying outside its airspace, Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said on Monday. "Since the US declared war on our country, we will have every right to make countermeasures," Efe quoted Ri as saying.
Those measures, the North Korean minister said, include "the right to shoot down US strategic bombers even when they are not inside the airspace border of our country."
The declaration was made by the Northeast Asian regime two days after the Pentagon announced that military aircraft had flown near North Korea's coast with the aim of sending a "clear message" to Pyongyang.
"The whole world should clearly remember it was the US who first declared war on our country," Ri said.
The foreign minister said that North Korea drew this conclusion from the speech US President Donald Trump delivered before the United Nations General Assembly last week.
In that address, Trump said that although the US has great strength and patience, if it is forced to defend itself and its allies "we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea."
Ri said that those words were clearly a "declaration of war" against Pyongyang, and he noted that the UN Charter authorises the international body's member states to defend themselves.
He said specifically that all measures were on the table for North Korea to defend itself. On Saturday, during his participation in the top-level debates in the General Assembly, Ri announced that North Korea is in the "final phase" of developing its nuclear arsenal, including ballistic missiles that could potentially deliver nuclear warheads to US territory.
He said, however, that Pyongyang will use atomic weapons only as a "last resort," adding that North Korea has no intention of using or threatening to use nuclear weapons against any country that remains aloof from US military action.
Tensions have been steadily rising since Trump's UN speech, which was delivered in the wake of North Korean missile and nuclear tests, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un made a rare television appearance calling Trump "mentally deranged," whereupon Trump responded by once again mockingly calling Kim "Rocket man."
Syracuse, N.Y. -- A season of change has brought familiar results for the Syracuse women's lacrosse team.
Now it's time to see exactly how deep the potential of that roster turnover runs.
Despite the loss of several players from last season, the Orange has picked up help from new contributors and started the season 7-0. That's good for rankings of No. 5/4 in the country.
"There are a lot of different players but it's always the same type of chemistry. Syracuse is really good about having just the same feeling of family,'' said junior attack Riley Donahue, who leads the team with 24 points.
But here come the heavy hitters of the regular season schedule.
Syracuse visits No. 1 Maryland (5-0) on Saturday. This is the 21st time SU has faced the nation's top team in program history, and the Orange has an all-time record of 1-20 in those games.
Syracuse's only win against the No. 1 team came in the 2012 NCAA Tournament semifinals. The Orange trailed Florida by seven with 17:15 to play in regulation before rallying to defeat the Gators, 14-13 in double overtime.
Even more foreboding is that Maryland has won 20 of the 21 previous meetings between the schools, including in last year's NCAA Tournament semifinals.
The Orange's only win against the Terrapins came in 2012 when Syracuse recorded a 10-9 victory, snapping Maryland's 36-game home winning streak.
Syracuse won't have any chance to catch its breath after visiting Maryland. It visits No. 3 Florida on Tuesday.
"I think it was key to get through these first seven games. Now you play one and three. So you've got to be ready,'' said Syracuse coach Gary Gait. "We're right where we need to be. Now, to get through Maryland, we've got to put a game together.''
What channels are Syracuse lacrosse games on? TV, live stream info for me and women
Donald Trump speaks at the Republican Convention in July 2016. Credit:Getty Images And a day earlier, Richard Hanna, a retiring congressman of New York, endorsed Clinton, declaring Trump "unfit to serve". Absurdly, just hours before Pence publicly endorsed Ryan, Trump tweeted: "There is great unity in my campaign – perhaps greater than ever before." That the party is in turmoil comes as no surprise, given that Trump lurches from one crisis to the next, obsessing about himself and missing openings that a more practiced candidate would have used to launch attacks on his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton.
But that senior figures are saying so, some publicly, and openly canvassing their options is a measure of desperation after months of them reassuring would-be campaign donors and voters that Trump would pivot to a more conventional campaign persona. Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala, Gold Star parents, denounced Trump's stance on Muslim immigration. Credit:AP Warning that Trump risks throwing away the election, one of his most loyal supporters, former House speaker Newt Gingrich, told The Washington Post: "[He] is helping [Clinton] to win by proving he is more unacceptable than she is." Giving Trump just weeks to reposition or lose, Gingrich said: "Anybody who is horrified by Hillary should hope that Trump will take a deep breath and learn some new skills – he can't win the presidency operating the way he is now. She can't be bad enough to elect him if he's determined to make this many mistakes."
US Army Captain Humayun Khan was killed when he tried to stop two suicide bombers outside his base in Baqubah, Iraq, in June 2004. People close to Republican National Committee (RNC) chairman Reince Priebus are telling reporters that he is stressed and "very frustrated" that his sustained counselling of Trump has had no effect – and left him bereft of excuses for the candidate's wild and seemingly senseless conduct. "A new level of panic hit the street," Scott Reed, chief strategist for the US Chamber of Commerce, told the Post. "It's time for a serious reset," he said, urging Trump to "stop doing silly interviews nine times a day that get you off message." Demonstrators protest Trump and the Republican party outside its headquarters in Washington, DC. Credit:Bloomberg Party rules don't allow for the most extreme option – dumping Trump as the candidate.
But preparatory legal work has begun on how to deal with him deciding to quit – either of his own volition or under pressure, according to ABC News. In either case, it would fall to the 168-member RNC to pick a new candidate. Donald Trump had endured a shocking week on the campaign trail. Credit:AP Instead there is talk of an "intervention", possible by a group of high-profile Republicans and by Trump's children, in the hope of settling Trump into a more conventional, offensive campaign against Clinton. In the days after Trump clinched the nomination, senior Republicans were unnerved when, instead of marketing himself as a serious presidential possibility, Trump turned gutter fighter, launching relentless attacks on the judge hearing claims on Trump's dodgy university venture which were seen as racist – even by Republicans. Trumps vice-presidential pick, Indiana Governor Mike Pence. Credit:AP
They started breathing again by the end of the Republican convention in Cleveland, wanting to believe that Trump's egocentric convention performance had hints of what they expect from a candidate. But since the end of the Democratic jamboree which confirmed Clinton's candidacy almost a week ago, Trump has been merciless in attacking the parents of Captain Humayun Khan, who died fighting for his country in Iraq – instead of turning to exploiting and exposing Clinton's many weaknesses. "I'm pulling for [Trump]. But he's not driving on the pavement – he's in the ditch," Henry Barbour, an RNC member and veteran strategist in Mississippi, told the Post. "I'm frustrated. There's time to fix it, but there's [only] one person who can fix it. It's up to him. Republican voters have empowered him to be our nominee and he's the one who's got to perform. "The last several days have made this election a referendum on Donald Trump. We want it to be a referendum on Hillary Clinton." Barbour's anxiety is replicated across the country, with Senate and House candidates and their strategists despairing over the party's chances of holding its congressional majorities.
Trump's missed opportunities to go after Clinton, they say, include data released on Friday showing slower-than-anticipated economic growth and a TV interview in which Clinton argued, contrary to the facts, that the FBI had agreed with her account of her controversial private email server, both of which were invitations to go on the offensive – and both of which were ignored by Trump. In a rare nugget of good news for Trump, his campaign announced on Wednesday that a flood of small donations had virtually caught him up to the prodigious fundraising effort of the Clinton campaign – in July, Trump and the RNC had raised a combined $US82 million. But it was accompanied by more of the usual gloomier reports – a poll in Florida showed his support among Hispanics to be just 12.9 per cent, compared with about 40 per cent for the Republican candidate in the last two elections. And nationally, Clinton had a 10-point lead on him in a new Fox News poll. States that ordinarily would be a shoo-in for the GOP are becoming less certain. Polling in Arizona shows Clinton in the lead and in Utah, local GOP officials are sweating it – both states have significant communities of Mormons who have registered their disgust with Trump. Worries about Trump hitting the chances for down-the-ticket GOP candidates have led party officials to a desperate hope that voters will split the ticket – vote against Trump, but tick the box for the rest of the GOP slate. But experts are sceptical.
"In 2008 and 2010, voters did not draw distinctions," Fergus Cullen, a former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party told The New York Times. "It was not like Passover, where the door was marked, 'This one should be spared.' No, the Angel of Death came in and said 'Let's kill them all'." Meanwhile, Trump goes on his merry way – he didn't know what Brexit was, but maybe he feels it. Having already insulted the disabled, war heroes and the families of the fallen, Muslims and Hispanics, he turned his attention this week to babies – and by association, to women [again]. When a baby in the audience started to cry during his speech to a rally in Virginia on Tuesday, Trump behaved as a model candidate: "Don't worry about that baby. I love babies ... I hear that baby crying and I like it. I like it. What a baby, what a beautiful baby. "Don't worry, don't worry ... It's young and beautiful and healthy and that's what we want, OK."
Loading But just minutes later, as the baby continued bawling, Trump went nasty: "Actually I was only kidding. You can get the baby out of here." And speaking of the unfortunate mother, Trump blathered on in his typical un-empathetic way: "I think she believed me that I love having a baby crying while I'm speaking. That's OK. People don't understand."
Image caption The experiment requires preparing pairs of "entangled" photons, the particles from which light is made
Pioneering experiments have cast doubt on a founding idea of the branch of physics called quantum mechanics.
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle is in part an embodiment of the idea that in the quantum world, the mere act of measuring can affect the result.
But the idea had never been put to the test, and a team writing in Physical Review Letters says "weak measurements" prove the rule was never quite right.
That could play havoc with "uncrackable codes" of quantum cryptography.
Quantum mechanics has since its very inception raised a great many philosophical and metaphysical debates about the nature of nature itself.
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, as it came to be known later, started as an assertion that when trying to measure one aspect of a particle precisely, say its position, experimenters would necessarily "blur out" the precision in its speed.
"Uncertainty" itself is somewhat ill-defined in this sense; Heisenberg's original word for it translates better as "indeterminacy"; the idea raised the spectre of a physical world whose nature was, beyond some fundamental level, unknowable.
This problem with the act of measuring is not confined to the quantum world, explained senior author of the new study, Aephraim Steinberg of the University of Toronto.
"You find a similar thing with all sorts of waves," he told BBC News. "A more familiar example is sound: if you've listened to short clips of audio recordings you realise if they get too short you can't figure out what sound someone is making, say between a 'p' and a 'b'.
"If I really wanted to say as precisely as possible, 'when did you make that sound?', I wouldn't also be able to ask what sound it was, I'd need to listen to the whole recording."
The problem with Heisenberg's theory was that it vastly predated any experimental equipment or approaches that could test it at the quantum level: it had never been proven in the lab.
"Heisenberg had this intiuition about the way things ought to be, but he never really proved anything very strict about the value," said Prof Steinberg.
"Later on, people came up with the mathematical proof of the exact value."
'Full of uncertainty'
Prof Steinberg and his team are no stranger to bending quantum mechanics' rules; in 2011, they carried out a version of a classic experiment on photons - the smallest indivisible packets of light energy - that plotted out the ways in which they are both wave and particle, something the rules strictly preclude.
This time, they aimed to use so-called weak measurements on pairs of photons, putting into practice an idea first put forward in a 2010 paper in the New Journal of Physics.
Photons can be prepared in pairs which are inextricably tied to one another, in a delicate quantum state called entanglement, and the weak measurement idea is to infer information about them as they pass, before and after carrying out a formal measurement.
What the team found was that the act of measuring did not appreciably "blur out" what could be known about the pairs.
It remains true that there is a fundamental limit of knowability, but it appears that, in this case, just trying to look at nature does not add to that unavoidably hidden world.
Or, as the authors put it: "The quantum world is still full of uncertainty, but at least our attempts to look at it doesn't have to add as much uncertainty as we used to think!"
Whether the finding made much practical difference was an open question, said Prof Steinberg.
"The jury is still out on that. It's certainly more than a footnote in the textbooks; it will certainly change the way I teach quantum mechanics and I think a lot of textbooks.
"But there's actually a lot of technology that relies on quantum uncertainty now, and the main one is quantum cryptography - using quantum systems to convey our information securely - and that mostly boils down to the uncertainty principle."
ACEO Size: 2.5" x 3.5" (6,4 x 8,9 cm)Media: Markers, Neopiko Fineliner, Colour Pencils, Opaque WhiteCharacter: The Golden Queen of Shadow Galactica------------> Sailor Galaxia (セーラーギャラクシア)Anime/Manga: Bishojo Senshi Sailor Moon---------------------------------The Story behind her (from WikiMoon):In the anime, Sailor Galaxia was the most powerful Sailor Senshi in the galaxy, and as such fought in the Sailor Wars against Chaos. In the great final battle, she trapped Chaos and sealed it within herself in order to save the galaxy. However, Chaos was too strong for her and she realized that it would gradually overwhelm her. In order to protect herself against that threat, she removed her Star Seed and sent it out into the universe, telling it to find someone who would welcome it warmly.As she fell under Chaos's influence, Sailor Galaxia began to attack planets in the galaxy, destroying them and taking the true Star Seeds belonging to other Sailor Senshi. She gathered followers, the Sailor Animamates, in order to help her with this mission.In the meantime, her Star Seed travelled long and far before it finally reached the Earth and found Usagi Tsukino. It then took the form of Chibi Chibi and masqueraded as Usagi's sister. However, Galaxia's Star Seed was the Light of Hope that Princess Kakyuu and the Sailor Starlights were searching for in order to defeat the legendary Senshi. With the help of the Light of Hope, Sailor Moon fought against Sailor Galaxia, and finally managed to free her from Chaos's influence. Galaxia then departed, leading all of the Star Seeds she had collected back to where they belonged.--------------------------------Hope you like her ^^
Yeah, we all have our tax season stories. Like remember the day in April when you got arrested on charges of stealing from your business partner while your husband got arrested for making a drunken spectacle of himself at the local elementary school?
You don't? Then your story can't top this one out of the Iowa City suburb of North Liberty
The co-owner of a local tax service has been accused of using more than $22,000 from the business's savings account to cover her credit card bills and her husband was arrested for allegedly causing a drunken disturbance at a local elementary school. According to an Iowa City police criminal complaint, an investigator met with a co-owner of C & M Tax Service. The other co-owner is 31-year-old Melissa M. Frost of North Liberty.
Leading to the arrest of Ms. Frost on allegations that she manipulated the tax service books and locked her co-owner out of the financial software while helping herself to $22,000 to cover credit card debts. If that wasn't enough to ruin her tax season:
Police said Frost's husband, 33-year-old Cory A. Frost was also arrested on Friday. Cory Frost went to North Bend Elementary in North Liberty at 2:45 p.m. to confront an employee there concerning a “situation with his wife,” according to North Liberty police Lt. Diane Venega. It is unclear if that situation is related to Melissa Frost's arrest. […] When police found Frost, he smelled of alcohol and appeared to be intoxicated. Police said Frost had a blood-alcohol content of .204 percent. He was previously convicted of public intoxication.
If you've been around the business awhile, you know how hard tax season can be on a marriage. This one seems to have been under at least average stress.
MONDAY: Fox News Channel Is Launching a New Daytime Lineup
Superintendent Requires Students to Stand for Anthem: We Have Many Vets in Our Community
A young college graduate was placed officially on a hate group list for a sole radio interview she did with the Family Research Council.
After her radio hit, Hannah Scherlacher, who works for Campus Reform, found she was on a hate group list compiled by left-wing advocacy group the Southern Poverty Law Center.
"It's a memorandum to their supporters that I am the enemy," Scherlacher told "Fox & Friends" on Saturday.
"This time I was the target, but you know for millions of Americans this is their story too."
The SPLC has long labeled the Family Research Council a hate group.
Scherlacher said her interview was on socialism, but somehow she ended up on the LGBT hate list.
The left will do anything to dispose of conservatives' First Amendment rights, she remarked, calling SPLC "reckless and irresponsible" for targeting people this way.
"They're trying to silence me as for years they've been trying to silence conservatives. It's a bully tactic."
She noted that the violent anti-Trump group Antifa was notably absent from SPLC's hate group list.
Curt Schilling in Puerto Rico: Trump Provided Speedy Relief, But Execution on the Ground 'Horrifying'
'You're Just a Troll': Tucker Takes on Satanist
The Bacchanal by Peter Paul Rubens. (PAINTING: PUBLIC DOMAIN)
The United States has worried seriously about citizen drug use for more than 40 years. Here's President Richard Nixon back in 1971: "America's public enemy number one in the United States is drug abuse. In order to fight and defeat this enemy, it is necessary to wage a new, all-out offensive." Concern grew in the 1980s with the escalation in the use of crack cocaine, inspiring President Ronald Reagan to create the Office of National Drug Control Policy to coordinate drug-related legislation and research.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It also led his wife, First Lady Nancy Reagan, to start her “Just Say No” campaign, designed to keep children away from drugs (or drugs away from children). This resulted in a number of stilted television appearances and PR opportunities. Around this same time, we saw the emergence of the Drug Abuse Resistance Education program (D.A.R.E.), an anti-drug collaboration between local police departments and public schools.
All of these efforts had a pretty limited effect, but they did make arguments about the evils of marijuana and other recreational drugs familiar to every American, so much so that Ronald Reagan could say with a straight face, during a 1986 address to the nation on the campaign against drug abuse: “Let us not forget who we are. Drug abuse is a repudiation of everything America is.” And six years later, when he appeared on Larry King Live as part of his presidential campaign, Bill Clinton described his experience with pot like this: "I experimented with marijuana a time or two, and didn't like it. I didn't inhale and I didn't try it again."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Such an anxiousness with regard to drugs made it seem as if this were a country overrun with them, with junkies in every alley and pushers on every corner. As James Swartz writes inSubstance Abuse in America:"[I]t was the changing profile of those using illegal drugs, as much as the increase in the number of illegal drug users that was causing consternation among the public and politicians. In the 1960s, the use of illegal drugs, particularly marijuana, went mainstream. The American middle class, particularly college students, was using drugs in unprecedented numbers."
But all of this makes it sound as if we had never seen drug use like this before. In fact, research indicates that drug use has been common throughout much of history.
In particular, they probably used a lot of drugs in the ancient world. This information comes to us courtesy of David Hillman, a writer and former Ph.D. student at the University of Wisconsin.
[The West's] ... founding fathers were drug users, plain and simple; they grew the stuff, they sold the stuff, and, most important, they used the stuff. The modern antidrug campaign is not a democratic movement at all; the ancient world didn't have a Nancy Reagan, it didn't wage a billion-dollar drug war, it didn't imprison people who used drugs, and it didn't embrace sobriety as a virtue. It indulged ... and from this world in which drugs were a universally accepted part of life sprang art, literature, science, and philosophy.
For his dissertation, about "pharmacy in Roman literature," Hillman looked into historic writing and learned that the classical world was full of drug users. Everyone, from farmers and merchants to senators and emperors, seemed to use illicit substances in one form or another. The Emperor Marcus Aurelius, for example, was thought to be addicted to opium—he was at least a regular user of the drug—and he died more than 1,800 years prior to Reagan's address.
Why don't more of us know about this version of history? Why are dense textbooks otherwise full of references to misbehavior in the ancient world (think: sodomy and, well, killing the head of the Roman Republic for the greater good of the state) lacking in their coverage of drugs and drug use?
Look a little closer and many of the people of ancient Greece and Rome sound like alcoholics. Athenian statesman and orator Alcibiades famously bursts into Plato's Symposium drunk and supported by a flute-girl and other partiers. He joins the discussion despite his inebriation. But what if he weren't just drunk? People of the classical world didn't just drink a lot. They used drugs a lot, too.
The reason this isn't common knowledge, especially among the high school and college students who aren't so far removed from the history books as to have forgotten most everything in them, appears to have a lot to do with editing.
Classical literature is full of sorcerers, magicians, and witches. But these people weren't mythical wizards; they were real people, with real expertise. Hillman argues that our misunderstanding of the ancient world stems from the fact that translators don't typically explain that these people were powerful, “magical” largely because they knew how to use drugs. As he writes: “The Greeks and Romans used opium, anticholinergics, and numerous botanical toxins to induce states of mental euphoria, create hallucinations, and alter their own consciousness; this is an indisputable fact.”
He discovered this though careful translation of the original texts. Hillman, for example, was reading an ancient document by Thucydides that references slaves taking wounded Spartan soldiers "poppy mixed with honey and pounded linseed." The word is mekon, which in English versions is usually translated as "poppy seed." But slaves aren't taking soldiers the ingredients for lemon poppy seed muffins. "You don't send poppy seeds to wounded soldiers," Hillman points out. "You send them opium." Wounded soldiers don't need poppy seeds.
Traditional scholars, either by natural inclination or academic training, are a conservative lot, and whenever they encounter drug references in ancient texts they seem to default to simply removing them. Hillman argues. In his book, The Chemical Muse: Drug Use and the Roots of Western Civilization, which grew out of his dissertation, he writes that: "The moral bent that so characterizes contemporary Classicists forces them to write histories that best promote the cultural agendas of our times, rather than the actual facts of the past.... Blacklisting is not a cruelty of the distant, uninformed past; it's a very real phenomenon that flourishes within academic circles today, whether in the humanities or the sciences."
But Hillman's research hasn't exactly been warmly received or gained widespread acceptance among classical scholars. His doctoral thesis review committee at Wisconsin objected to the drug references. According to Hillman, the committee said he should take the drugs out or he wouldn't get the degree. And he complied.
And it's important to remember that this is also just one scholar. Hillman's book was published by a commercial publisher, and not subject to peer review, and his evidence is based on literature, not scientific data or contemporary primary sources. More research may reveal additional information.
Interestingly enough, while Hillman could find evidence of widespread drug use in his research, he didn't find much about societal efforts to curtail that practice. (Emperor Augustus' wife, Livia, while otherwise involved in all sorts of public morality efforts, had no apparent Dicite iusto nullaproject.)
Today's drug problems aren't, of course, exclusive to the United States. The widespread use of opium in early modern China may well have undermined the government and even Chinese society itself, but somehow no one seemed much to mind in the ancient world. Opium was just, like garum and wine, something people regularly consumed. As Hillman put it in a 2008 interview: "The people of Athens didn't care if you got high. They focused on keeping aristocrats from hijacking the democracy they invented. The prohibitionists lived in Sparta, where tyranny was the rule." No big deal.
But what does all of this mean, if anything? The basic history and ideas based on texts from the ancient world are the same, whether we agree that drug use was widespread at the time or not. But, Hillman argues, drugs may have had something to do with the incredible creativity we associate with the classical world:
The early Greek philosophers who inspired the mental revolution that influenced the birth of democracy were the biggest drug-using lunatics of them all. Seriously, they were much more like medicine men than philosophers. So not only did democracy spring up in a drug-using culture, but its roots lie in a drug-using, shamanistic, intellectual movement. I think it's perfectly safe to say: “No drugs, no democracy.”
Sometimes the classical world seems overwhelming. The realization that they developed representative democracy and geometry and Christianity and cement and flush toilets thousands of years ago is astounding. How did they do it? Well, we don't really know, but a lot of them were probably high.
Michel Platini (right) worked as Sepp Blatter's technical advisor between 1999 and 2002
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and vice-president Michel Platini have had their appeals against 90-day bans rejected by world football governing body's appeal committee.
They were suspended in October while Fifa's ethics committee investigates corruption claims against them.
Blatter, 79, is accused of signing a contract "unfavourable" to Fifa and making a "disloyal payment" to Platini.
Both deny wrongdoing and will appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Blatter's American lawyer, Richard Cullen, said in a statement: "President Blatter is committed to clearing his name and hopes this inexplicable delay is not an effort to deny him, during his elected term, a fair hearing before a neutral body."
Platini will contact Cas by Friday and has "absolute confidence" in the Swiss court, lawyer Thibaud d'Ales said.
"For the first time since he was suspended he knows that he will be treated in a completely independent and fair way," he added.
Fifa secretary general Jerome Valcke was also suspended in October but there was no mention of him in Wednesday's Fifa statement.
The adjudicatory panel of Fifa's ethics committee is due to hold hearings into the misconduct charges before Christmas.
Uefa chief Platini - who wants to succeed Blatter as Fifa president - has said the 2m euros (£1.35m) payment was "valid compensation" from his time working under the Swiss more than nine years earlier.
They insist there was an oral agreement for the payment in 1998, although it was not made until 2011.
Blatter and former France captain Platini were suspended after the Swiss attorney general opened criminal proceedings against Blatter, who has been Fifa president since 1998.
The ethics committee also opened an inquiry into Platini over the payment.
Platini's ban means his bid to succeed Blatter has had to be put on hold. He is one of seven candidates for the presidential election on 26 February but no integrity check will be carried out until his case is resolved.
Blatter was discharged from hospital last week after what was described as a "small emotional breakdown".
Earlier this year, United States authorities indicted 14 Fifa officials and associates on bribery and racketeering charges. A simultaneous Swiss investigation was started into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Hi! I'm Kris. I'm stoked (that's Australian for very pleased) to get the chance to run you through Processed – a Reaktor ensemble I made and uploaded to the User Library back in early April 2017. It almost sounds embarrassing, but I've been working on this ensemble on-and-off for about 8 years now. First up, download the Processed ensemble here.
What is Processed?
Processed is an Audio Beautifier. You know when you want something to sound hyper-lush and gorgeous? Or underwater, but glittering? Yeah, you do. Well, that's when you get Processed out and start running your audio through it.
Processed is a spatial effects processor that feeds into four separate loopers, each of which then splits into two pitchshift-able layers of sound.
From a single mono source you can end up with eight looped layers of sound, with up to five effected sources in each loop, plus a live feed that's run through the FX to play over the loops. To recap, that's one mono source in, up to 45 stereo layers out. It's DIY audio photoshop!
Since this ensemble generates so much sound from so little input I STRONGLY RECOMMEND USING HEADPHONES (not speakers) to monitor while using it with a microphone as this thing can't wait to start feeding back, and I don't want you to blow up your gear.
Why did you make Processed?
Nine years ago I decided I was going to learn to play the harp. Not a harmonica, but a proper orchestral pedal harp. I signed up for lessons, and practiced at harp school for two hours a day, every day for a year. I got good enough to play Avril 14th right through but was still a total beginner.
I knew the harp sounded gorgeous, but I also knew with a bit of Reaktor love I could make it sound so much better. So I stuck a mic in front of the harp and started building Processed.
It was designed with pure harp tones in mind as the input source, though it works great with almost any harmonic or melodic source run through it.
Processed has been refined over the years. I made an earlier version called Invert The Universe (image below) which actually has more features including pitchshifting on the input, filters on all the loops and dedicated post FX on certain loop channels, but I found as my playing developed I didn't use any of it, so those extras got the chop.
I grew up in the '90s so my references for life-changing sound worlds are the layered harp samples of Bows, the otherworldly glitched ambience of Oval and the gorgeous wooziness of MBV. This means when I make music with Processed it sounds like this:
This track is from my new album, Processed Harp Works, Volume 2, which was made entirely with Processed.
I played my harp in front of a single mic that was run into Processed.
I used Processed's 16-Outs mode to multitrack everything into Live, where I could then edit the rubbish bits out of the recordings. Easy! Hopefully you'll be able to knock an album out with it too!
Read More: ‘gazed and Confused: A Guide to Shoegaze in your DAW.
How Processed Works
Processed can be run in stand-alone mode or within a DAW such as Logic or Ableton Live. Put it in Stereo Output mode (for now) and run some audio into the input – either a loop or a record armed track.
If you're struggling with any of the terminology you can always refer to the manual which is included with the download. Let's look at each section one-by-one starting with the input FX:
Input FX
The Dry, Echo, Delay, [Re]Verb and Trem[olo] dials are the input volume levels for each of the corresponding effects, which run in parallel. Each has a bypass button just underneath the dial.
The Echo, Verb and Delay each have two tweak-able parameters allowing you to get everything from short boxy sounds to infinitely feeding back canyons of reflections, so be careful when maxing out the parameter setting. The Tremolo has a rate control for the LFO.
All the other effect parameters are under the hood, otherwise there's too many buttons and dials to worry about. Set and forget!
Lets have a listen to what's possible with the FX section:
Here's a dry harp sample:
Through the Echo:
Through the Delay:
Through the Reverb:
Through the Tremolo:
Those all sound pretty standard, but when you mix them all together you can quickly get things sounding lush. Here's the Dry, Echo, Delay and Tremolo all mixed together:
The Loop Section
There are four separate loops and each one can be toggled on/off. When the button's off, it's secretly buffering the sound coming from your input FX section, just waiting to play it back. When the loop button is on, it plays back that audio signal.
Each loop also has it own length setting, which is in beats and is synced to the master tempo of your DAW (or Reaktor if you're in stand-alone mode).
Having four loops with separate lengths means you can create overlapping, poly-metric loops which will sound more like mysteriously evolving samples.
Here's a little example, same source audio, one loop is 8 beats, the other 7, they drift in and out of phase before it finally looping again.
Punching in
Once you have a loop in the buffer, turning off the loop button reverts it to buffering mode, pressing the loop button back on completes a primitive punch-in overdub that replaces the old audio.
Here's an example, where a dry audio signal is punched into a loop that was heavily effected. These changes of texture make everything sound more exciting/glitched/wrong.
You can also use the overdub for completely different things. Here's a breakbeat that I've punched some random synth noise into. There's no limit to how many times you punch in.
Decreasing Loop Length
This truncates the loop. The new, shorter loop ends at the exact point you click the new length from the pull-down loop length menu. For example:
Here's an 8 beat loop – 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 / 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 /
Here's the important bit: if you decided to reduce it to 4 beats, the new loop's content is dependent on when you click the new length. Click it at the very end of beat 4, your loop becomes 1 2 3 4 / 1 2 3 4 / etc like this:
However if you click it at the very end of beat 7, your loop becomes 4 5 6 7 / 4 5 6 7 / etc like this:
… and if you click it at the very end of beat 2, your loop becomes 7 8 1 2 / 7 8 1 2 / etc like this:
We're re-surfacing a few videos from days past over the Christmas 2018 break to give folks a chance to see them anew. A year ago in December 2017, former astronaut Scott Kelly stopped by the Ars studio and spent the morning launching rockets with us in Kerbal Space Program. Lee Hutchinson proved—explosively so—that traveling in orbit ain't like dusting crops.
If you're a frequent Ars reader, you've likely heard of Kerbal Space Program, the space flight/space crashing/space explosion simulator that lets you create your own vehicles, then fly them into orbit and perhaps even to other planets. Though silly and fun, KSP also works as a reasonably solid and wonderfully interactive demonstration of the vagaries of orbital mechanics—and that, dear readers, gave us an idea.
Astronaut Scott Kelly is most famous for spending an uncomfortably long time on the International Space Station, and he's currently touring to promote his book about the experience. We got to talk to him briefly when he was at the office back in October, but I wanted to take things a little further. What if we could sit down with Scott—a real astronaut who has flown the space shuttle and everything—and get him to talk us through a (somewhat realistic, somewhat silly) launch in KSP?
Scott was game to game, and a couple of weeks ago we met once again at the Condé Nast offices in New York and embarked on our mission. We tried to make it educational, because orbital mechanics is a weirdly counterintuitive science wherein things tend to work backward from how your gut says they should work. We tried to make it fun, because launching into space and coming home safely is serious business. And I tried not to blow up our spaceship before we got the video in the can—and we succeeded. Mostly.
This video is actually something I've been wanting to do for almost four years, ever since I spent a few days with the propulsion engineers tearing down vintage F-1 rocket engines at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center. That we finally were able to make it happen with a famous astronaut is awesome, but it's not the end goal, either—the next thing I want to do is sit down with an actual engineer and build ourselves a KSP rocket. I hope you folks have as much fun watching it as I did make it.
Ars extends special thanks to KSP developer SQUAD for helping us out with logistics and also to the members of the KSP community who provided special assistance with models and save states, particularly Simone Riboldi and A Million Lights. Also thanks to KSP modder SpaceTrashCan, who built the space shuttle model we ended up using. Finally, if anyone is interested in picking the game up, it's on sale at GOG right now for $23.99 (Steam has it for $39.99).
(Finally, to any propulsion engineers or aerodynamicists reading this who live in the Houston area—wanna build some rockets and go fly for a future Ars piece? Send me an email!)
Listing image by Aurich Lawson
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Soon after they opened their art gallery on Cleveland's West Side, Jef Janis and his uncle, Kelvin Tate, knew they had a problem. No one was buying any art.
They had cleaned up some vintage bicycles and, on a whim, put them out front. With the air still warm in the tires, the bikes sold.
Suddenly, they were in the bicycle business. Or so they thought.
Young adults needing cheap transportation found their way to the shop on a downscale stretch of West 25th Street, much as the uncle-nephew team expected. They did not anticipate the parents, the fiftysomethings who gasped to see old-school Schwinns and Huffys and had to have one. Again.
Suddenly, they're in the nostalgia business. And the days are just packed.
Thanks largely to Baby Boomers reliving their youth, a year-old shop called Simpler Times Vintage Bicycle Gallery has become a twilight zone of bicycles of every age and model. And Janis and Tate, entrepreneurs deep into Plan B, marvel to witness the role a bicycle plays in growing up and growing old.
"What was five bikes last July is now 500," Janis observed as he walked through his inventory, which stretches past the gallery space and into the recesses of an old food terminal. "College kids buying a 10-speed makeup about 20 percent of my business. The rest of it is people reliving a childhood."
Often, it's the child leading the parent down memory lane.
On a recent afternoon, Ellen Ivory of Euclid walked into the gallery trailing her son, Robert. The 28-year-old was seeking a new bike in time for that night's Critical Mass, a monthly muster of Cleveland cycling enthusiasts. He had heard of Simpler Times through Facebook friends.
Robert Ivory found what he wanted, a refurbished Schwinn 10-speed for $125.
"That's all Chicago-made steel," Janis said to mother and son, but Ellen Ivory was staring off into another era.
There, in a row of bikes against the wall, stood a pink and white art deco gem with balloon whitewall tires.
Ellen Ivory's hand went to her chest as she exhaled deeply.
"Oh, I love it!" she exclaimed. "Can I have a basket?"
Indeed.
While the 1952 Schwinn predates her childhood, it reminds her, she explained, of why she has been meaning to get back on a bicycle.
"Even now, when I see kids on bikes, I see just pure freedom," she said.
Turning to her bemused son, she added, "I want to get out with you and ride."
As she left, she hugged Janis, who says that happens a lot.
He's an amiable 39-year-old with silver hoop earrings and a sudden, happy laugh. If there's an extra snap in his step of late, it's because he no longer suffers stomach ulcers he attributed to stress.
He left those stressful days far behind.
An underwriter by trade, Janis worked at the Farmers Insurance offices in Independence, where, he said, "I sat in a cubicle and died a little every day."
With his wife, Tia, he hatched his escape. She manages the Menchie's Frozen Yogurt shop at Westgate Mall, not far from the couple's home in the Westpark neighborhood of Cleveland.
They leased the gallery space, and Janis and Tate, a lifelong father figure, hung the drawings and photographs they had collected.
When the bike angle bloomed, Janis saw not only a business but a crusade. He had always loved bicycles. His uncle, a mechanically inclined millwright, had taught him how to repair and refurbish them.
With used bikes, he knew he could cater to an under-served market, the people who cannot afford brand new. Cooler still, he could get his customers thinking young again.
"My goal is to get people riding bikes," but not only for exercise, Janis says. "I want you to embrace that inner child."
The selection spans about a century and whims and fads of unimaginable contrast. There's a half dozen sturdy, steel-framed bicycles built for British mail carriers, not far from 1960s Sting-Rays with chopper handle bars and brightly-colored banana seats.
There are English-made Raleighs and French-made Peugeots and even a bike made in China before retailers imported bikes from China. But most of the rides reflect the American manufacturing era of the 1950s, '60s and '70s, when people could buy bikes made by local craftsmen with local steel.
Tate, a practiced "picker" of vintage goods at garage and estate sales, looks admiringly at a Schwinn Paramount he says was handmade. The 54-year-old scoffs at today's imports sold at discount stores like Walmart.
"Those are good for a season. This bike," he said, pointing to an electric blue Murray built in Dayton in 1955, "the wheels have always been straight. This bike will last forever."
He's also fond of the Roadmasters and Camelbacks introduced by the Cleveland Welding Co. They're on display in the front window.
The selection draws the budget-conscious, the dreamers and the aficionados. All seem to bask at least briefly in nostalgia before remembering what they came for.
On a recent Saturday afternoon, Michael Polsinelli, a Shaker Heights chiropractor, stood near the center of the shop holding a silver bike frame lacking wheels.
"I'm a bike geek," he explained. "I came here asking, 'Do you have a Viscount frame?' Fifteen minutes later, I'm holding one in my hand. I love this place."
Moving through on a second visit was Mario Owens, 54, of Cleveland. He had brought his eight-year-old daughter, Marshay, whom he promised a bike like one he rode as a child.
It was hard to tell who was more enthused by that idea.
Owens stopped in front of a clutch of tank bikes and cruisers with fatty boy seats and began to reminisce aloud.
"All you needed was a screwdriver and a pair of pliers to fix it," he said. "We used to switch the handlebars. Put straws in the spokes."
Marshay's gaze was drawn to a bright orange chopper in the front window.
"That's old school," her father whistled approvingly.
Not far away, James Frey, 49, was sizing up a Sting-Ray. He wore a neck brace and said he had come in for practical transportation. But the first bike he ever bought was a Sting-Ray with a stick shift and a sissy bar on the back, just like the one he was looking at. He was 11, maybe 12.
"I guess it was extra special because I paid for half," he explained. His parents, as part of the deal, paid for the other half.
Few people can reunite with their first love. But your first cool bike? There it was.
Frey grew pensive. Janis sauntered past. Seemingly reading his customer's mind, he cheerfully asked the question of the moment: "Do you listen to your inner adult, or your inner child?"
Simpler Times is open from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday at 3212 West 25th St., south of Clark Avenue; 216-925-2008
When 30-year-old self-proclaimed drifter Christopher Smith decided to build a parking spot-size wood frame house on the back of a trailer and relocate to an empty plot of land in rural Colorado, he became part of what has come to be called the small or tiny house movement. He also became a filmmaker -- along with his girlfriend and co-director Merete Mueller. Their documentary "Tiny" airs this Sunday on Al Jazeera America.
As a New Yorker, when I read about Smith's decision to downsize his material existence, my first impulse was to crack wise. I know people in three different boroughs who make do with an embarrassing paucity of square footage. But he and his fellow tiny housers are taking space-saving to an entirely different level. As the documentary opens, Smith marks up his notepad with plans to hand-build a 124-square-foot structure. Later on, a woman shows off her 98-square-foot home. Tammy Strobel and Logan Smith live together in a tiny house, a happy couple inhabiting a mere 128 feet of real estate in Portland, Ore.
Advertisement:
"From 1970 to 2000," says Christopher Smith, narrating his own journey, "the average size of a new house in America has almost doubled, even while the average family size has gotten smaller." While the tiny house movement could be viewed as a reaction to this particularly American pattern of excess, Smith and Mueller's documentary is quick to point out that many of the couples and individuals who get involved do so for financial rather than political or dogmatic reasons. Derek "Deek" Diedricksen, wonderfully chyron'd here as a "tiny house blogger and micro architect," says, "Smaller houses -- you've probably heard it a million times -- [cost] less to heat, less to furnish, less to maintain, less to pay for -- no mortgages in certain cases. So, all around, you're kind of beating the system."
While cheap, the diminutive domiciles also have their drawbacks. The most obvious of these is lack of space, but the most surprising might be legality. As Christopher Smith points out while showing off the beautiful views from his blank plot of land, it is actually illegal for him to build a home smaller than 600 square feet within his particular county in Colorado -- hence his plans to rig the house on a flatbed trailer. This life-hack allows him to avoid building codes altogether. Way to beat the system, indeed.
Portland is, unfortunately, the most metropolitan setting visited during the hour-long special. I've heard tell of different people living in all sorts of small, ingeniously designed homes in cities where space is at a much higher premium than in the relatively rural settings depicted here. It might have been interesting to examine some of those situations as well.
Whether you want to lessen your footprint or just save money, country living is not for everyone. My favorite moment in "Tiny" comes about halfway through when Mueller, heretofore Smith's devoted partner in building out his quiet little corner of the world, confesses that her own ideal living situation actually involves moving to New York City: "The same way that you know that you want to be surrounded by the mountains -- or the way that the landscape here makes you feel, I want to walk out of my house and be on a city street."
When St. Louis bassist Anne Tkach died in a house fire in 2015, the members of her band, Magic City, found themselves adrift. The group had been working on a follow-up to Les Animaux Épouvantables, their 2011 driving rock ‘n' roll album.
Tkach and drummer Sam Meyer kept the group anchored. Without her, the band members weren't sure how to keep working on the album. Her death made every possibility seem out of the question.
Eventually, the musicians pulled themselves together. This month, they'll release the album “Le Vie Est Chere” in Tkach's honor. It will be their last release as a band. They'll play one last show at Off Broadway on March 31.
The musicians were working to wrap up the album before Tkach died. Afterwards, they were filled with indecision. Should they write and record more songs? Who would fill her spot.
“That is the finality,” guitarist JJ Hamon recalled. “Like, this is it. This is as far as the album could go.”
Adam Hesed and JJ Hamon remember Anne Tkach and honor her with final record from their band.
The band got back in synch by finishing the songs they'd also recorded while preparing for “Wild and Blue,” a tribute to Tkach organized by local musicians. Magic City performed Leonard Cohen's “Tower of Song,” with organist Adam Hesed, Tkach's partner, on vocals. For Hesed, something clicked with that performance. They knew then that “Tower of Song” would finalize the album.
Adam Hesed and JJ Hamon discuss the unorthodox recording process for the title track 'Life is Sweet.'
“Like JJ had said, the album just hadn't quite been finished and with the finality of her passing it felt like it was time to finish it," Hesed said. “And including that song was a way to do that.”
Both Hesed and Hamon agree that preparing the album and the final show has been emotionally tough. It's bittersweet — a celebration of a dear departed friend. The musicians hope listeners are left with an experience that is mostly sweet – after all, the album's title loosely translates to “life is dear” or “life is sweet.”
“I listen to it and can't believe I know these people,” Hesed said. “[We're] so blessed to have been able to make music together.”
If you go
What: MaGiC CiTy's Rock N' Roll Show
When: March 31
Where: 3509 Lemp Ave, St. Louis
Time: Doors open at 7 p.m. The show starts at 8 p.m.
Follow Willis on Twitter: @WillisRArnold
Follow Willis on Twitter: @WillisRArnold
William Joseph Casey (March 13, 1913 – May 6, 1987) was the Director of Central Intelligence from 1981 to 1987. In this capacity he oversaw the entire United States Intelligence Community and personally directed the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).[1][2][3][4]
Education [ edit ]
A native of Elmhurst, Queens, New York, Casey graduated from Fordham University in 1934. He completed graduate work at the Catholic University of America before earning an LL.B. from St. John's University School of Law in 1937.
Career [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
Following his admission to the bar, he was a partner in the New York–based Buckner, Casey, Doran and Siegel from 1938 to 1942. Concurrently, as chairman of the board of editors of the Research Institute of America (1938–1949),[5] Casey initially conceptualized the tax shelter and "explained to businessmen how little they need[ed] to do in order to stay on the right side of New Deal regulatory legislation."[6]
World War II & OSS [ edit ]
During World War II, he worked for the Office of Strategic Services, where he became head of its Secret Intelligence Branch in Europe.[4][7] He served in the United States Naval Reserve until December 1944 before remaining in his OSS position as a civilian until his resignation in September 1945; as an officer, he attained the rank of lieutenant and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for meritorious achievement.
Postwar business and government career [ edit ]
Following the dissolution of the OSS in September 1945, Casey returned to his legal and business ventures. After serving as a special counsel to the United States Senate (1947–1948) and associate general counsel to the Point Four Program (1948),[5] Casey founded the Institute for Business Planning in 1950; there, he amassed much of his early wealth (compounded by investments) by writing several data-driven publications on business law.[8] He was a lecturer in tax law at the New York University School of Law from 1948 to 1962.[5] From 1957 to 1971, he was a partner at Hall, Casey, Dickler & Howley, a New York corporate law firm, under the auspices of founding partner and prominent Republican politician Leonard W. Hall.[5] He ran as a Republican for New York's 3rd congressional district in 1966, but was defeated in the primary by former Congressman Steven Derounian.[9]
Nixon & Ford administrations [ edit ]
He served in the Nixon administration as the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission from 1971 to 1973;[4][10] this position led to his being called as a prosecution witness against former Attorney General John N. Mitchell and former Commerce Secretary Maurice Stans in an influence-peddling case stemming from international financier Robert Vesco's $200,000 contribution to the Nixon reelection campaign.[11]
He then served as Under Secretary of State for Economic Affairs (1973-1974)[4] and chairman of the Export-Import Bank of the United States (1974–1976). During this era, he was also a member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board (1975–1976) and of counsel to Rogers & Wells (1976–1981).
Return to private work [ edit ]
With Antony Fisher, he co-founded the Manhattan Institute in 1978. He is the father-in-law of Owen Smith, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of World Politics and Professor Emeritus at Long Island University.[12]
Reagan campaign & transition [ edit ]
As campaign manager of Ronald Reagan's successful presidential campaign in 1980, Casey helped to broker Reagan's unlikely alliance with vice presidential nominee George H. W. Bush.[13] He then served on the transition team following the election.
Director of Central Intelligence [ edit ]
After Reagan took office, Reagan named Casey to the post of Director of Central Intelligence.[14] Outgoing Director Stansfield Turner characterized the appointment as the "Resurrection of Wild Bill," referring to [[William J. Donovan}Bill Donovan]], the brilliant and eccentric head of Office of Strategic Services in World War II, whom Casey greatly admired.[15]
Despite Casey's provenance in the Intelligence Community, the position was not his first choice; according to Rhoda Koenig, he only agreed to take the appointment after being assured that "he could have a hand in shaping foreign policy rather than simply reporting the data on which it was based."[6]
Ronald Reagan used prominent Catholics in his government to brief Pope John Paul II of developments in the Cold War. Casey would fly secretly to Rome in a windowless C-141 black jet and "be taken undercover to the Vatican.[16]
Casey oversaw the re-expansion of the Intelligence Community to funding and human resource levels greater than those existing before the preceding Carter Administration; in particular, he increased levels within the CIA. During his tenure, post-Watergate and Church Committee restrictions were controversially lifted on the use of the CIA to directly and covertly influence the internal and foreign affairs of countries relevant to American policy.[citation needed]
This period of the Cold War saw an increase in the Agency's global, anti-Soviet activities, which started under the Carter Doctrine in late 1980.
Iran–Contra affair [ edit ]
Casey was suspected, by some, of involvement with the controversial Iran-Contra affair, in which Reagan administration personnel secretly traded arms to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and secretly diverted some of the resulting income to aid the rebel Contras in Nicaragua, in violation of U.S. law. Casey was called to testify before Congress about his knowledge of the affair. The day before Casey was scheduled to testify before Congress, Casey suffered two seizures and was hospitalized. Three days later, Casey underwent surgery for a previously undiagnosed brain tumor.[1][2][3][4][7][17]
In a 1987 book, Veil: The Secret Wars of the CIA 1981–1987, Washington Post reporter and biographer Bob Woodward, who had interviewed Casey on a number of occasions for the biography, said that he had gained entry into Casey's hospital room for a final, four-minute encounter—a claim which was met with disbelief in many quarters as well as an adamant denial from Casey's wife, Sofia. According to Woodward, when Casey was asked if he knew about the diversion of funds to the Nicaraguan Contras, "His head jerked up hard. He stared, and finally nodded yes."[18]
Casey died in hospital less than 24 hours after former colleague Richard Secord testified that Casey supported the illegal aiding of the Contras.[1][2][3][17]
In his final report, Independent Counsel, Lawrence E. Walsh indicated evidence of Casey's involvement:
"There is evidence that Casey played a role as a Cabinet-level advocate both in setting up the covert network to resupply the contras during the Boland funding cut-off, and in promoting the secret arms sales to Iran in 1985 and 1986. In both instances, Casey was acting in furtherance of broad policies established by President Reagan. "There is evidence that Casey, working with two national security advisers to President Reagan during the period 1984 through 1986 -- Robert C. McFarlane and Vice Admiral John M. Poindexter -- approved having these operations conducted out of the National Security Council staff with Lt. Col. Oliver L. North as the action officer, assisted by retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Richard V. Secord. And although Casey tried to insulate himself and the CIA from any illegal activities relating to the two secret operations,... there is evidence that he was involved in at least some of those activities and may have attempted to keep them concealed from Congress."[4]
However, Walsh also wrote: "Independent Counsel obtained no documentary evidence showing Casey knew about or approved the diversion. The only direct testimony linking Casey to early knowledge of the diversion came from [Oliver] North."[4]
Personal life [ edit ]
Casey, a Catholic, was a member of the Knights of Malta.[19]
Death [ edit ]
Casey died of a brain tumor on May 6, 1987 at the age of 74. His Requiem Mass was said by Fr. Daniel Fagan, then pastor of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church in Roslyn, New York. It was attended by President Reagan and the First Lady. Casey is buried in the Cemetery of the Holy Rood in Westbury, New York. He was survived by his wife, the former Sophia Kurz (d. 2000), and his daughter, Bernadette Casey Smith.[20]
See also [ edit ]
By Natasha Helfer Parker
I am 29 and have my endowments, but I also masturbate. I feel guilty about it. I'm trying to tell myself it's OK. But is it?
I am a single LDS woman, age 31, hoping to get endowed soon. The problem is, I have had issues with . . . well, I am too embarrassed to even type it. I started experimenting [with masturbation] at a fairly young age and continued until about a year ago. I have felt terrible about myself and too humiliated to talk to my bishop about the problem. I continue to postpone my endowment because I feel unworthy, and I'm worried about the interview. I don't want to miss out on the blessings of the temple because of something like this. I want to do the right thing spiritually as well as take care of myself physically, but how can I do both?
IN 2012, I wrote a blog post at The Mormon Therapist articulating my official stance on masturbation.1 It took me about 10 years to develop this position, drawing on both my perspective as a mental health professional and as a faithful member of the Church. But for a long time, I stayed silent on the subject not wanting to contradict what might be considered church policy, culture, or doctrine. However, I came to the realization that my silence was unethical—especially when I considered the needs of our adolescent and single-adult population. I was being complicit with a structure that caused tremendous pain, unnecessary guilt, ecclesiastical discipline, cultural shaming, marital and sexual repercussions, negative coping, negative self-identity and esteem, and other destructive consequences.
My position is that masturbation is neither sinful nor even a “transgression.” Here is why.
Mormonism holds that God created us as emotional, spiritual, intellectual, and sexual beings. Mormonism also recognizes that both relational connections and independence are essential for spiritual growth. The social and psychological sciences agree: we are social creatures meant to thrive in relationship with others. However, we are also individual entities—and when we're not able to be in a relationship, we have the capacity to meet our own needs for certain periods of time depending on our age and developmental stage. Through the studies of pediatrics and human sexuality, we know that genital stimulation is normal behavior for children.2 Combining this knowledge with the LDS doctrine that children are innocent, I believe we need to reconsider some of our ideas about masturbation.
We are born and die sexual beings. Currently, Mormon teachings hold that sexuality should only be explored within marriage. However, the opportunity for marital sexuality only occurs during a particular period of adult life—if it occurs at all. A significant portion of one's life may be spent in a situation where marital sexuality is not an option—and expected asexuality should not be considered a healthy alternative. In order to accommodate and even benefit the inherent sexuality of each of God's children, we need to reframe our current conceptions of masturbation. Instead of casting it as a sinful, perverse, or degrading practice, we can see it as a God-created, self-regulatory system that can provide some of the benefits of sexuality for periods when we are not in a sexual relationship with another person.
Our sexual drive is a God-given process that leads most human beings to self-explore from an early age. This experimentation helps us get to know our own anatomy, develop a capacity for sexual fantasy, and self-soothe—all in preparation for sharing a sexual life with another person. The teaching of healthy masturbation could be used to help our teens and single adults learn to be sexually responsible, empowering them to learn about and control their sexual drives and cycles while owning their sexuality without shame. Masturbation could be seen as a legitimate way to meet one's sexual needs while staying within religious sexual parameters and values.
There are many benefits associated with sexual release that are important to experience regardless of marital status. Sexual pleasure and orgasm have been linked to stress relief, pain relief (including menstrual cramping), hormonal regulation, the prevention of certain cancers, and the lowering of loneliness, depression, and anxiety levels.3 It can help women who struggle to reach orgasm in a relationship to find their sexual capacity. It can also help married couples manage libido differences and add variety to their sex lives. Plus it is the safest sex around—no unintended pregnancies, STDs, or harmful emotional repercussions. These are just some of the many positive results that come from the healthy use of masturbation.
It is true that, like any normal human activity, masturbation can become an unhealthy behavior. Eating, sleeping, and eliminating have a similar potential, but we don't couch them as being sinful. If masturbation interferes with one's daily functioning or the quality of one's relationships, its use should be moderated. And certainly, I do not want to minimize the suffering of those who have struggled in a marriage where their spouse has withdrawn sexually in part because of an unhealthy masturbation habit. But I believe unnecessary masturbatory shame and unmet attachment needs are at the core of most of this unhealthy behavior to begin with—not masturbation itself. And the current fear-based rhetoric on this issue leads to spouses feeling unnecessarily threatened in their relationship.
At the time I wrote my initial blog post, I had not heard anything official over the pulpit on this topic for over 20 years, so I expressed my hope that Church leaders were stepping away from old teachings. Unfortunately, I have seen a recent re-trenching toward the old language of “self-abuse”—specifically by Tad R. Callister (now a member of the presidency of the Seventy) who spoke on the issue at a BYU-Idaho fireside. A version of his talk was then published in the Ensign.4 However, the Church has moved away from many of its early to mid 20th century stances (i.e. masturbation leads to homosexuality, insanity, etc.).5 The word “masturbation” has been taken out of the For the Strength of Youth pamphlet6 and it no longer shows up in the official handbooks, leading me to believe that bishops should not be asking about masturbation in their interviews, and that one has a right to refuse to answer such questions.
During the past 17 years, I have spoken to numerous bishops, stake presidents, Relief Society presidents, and high councilmen attempting to piece together an official stance on this matter. The answers I received depended largely on which leader I approached and what their experience had been with their past leaders—all differing from one another.
This lack of unanimity gives rank-and-file members vastly different experiences depending on who their leaders are. For example, I know many men who have been kept from serving a mission for masturbating (even though they have kept a virginal sexual status), while for many others this has not been a problem. Oftentimes men are asked about masturbation in their interviews while women are not—expanding or contracting the options they might have for missionary and other types of service. I have come across a variety of members who view moderate masturbation as an “addiction” and are consequently employing recovery services and attending groups for correcting such behavior—often referred there by their ecclesiastical leaders. I've had numerous clients disclose that they are “cutting” (true self-abuse) due to their guilt over masturbation—again, usually virgins. Often Church members will frame any masturbation as problematic behavior.
All of this negativity has its roots in our current rhetoric around masturbation. In my experience, such rhetoric is emotionally and spiritually abusive and leads to negative psychological and sexual repercussions that are unnecessary and sometimes tragic.
As far as a temple recommend interview is concerned, its questions are simple, specific, and to be repeated just as they are written. The person interviewing you is not supposed to deviate from them. The one question that deals with sexuality is: “Do you live the law of chastity?” That's it. No questions on how you follow it or whether or not you are masturbating. Furthermore, in the temple, “the law of chastity” is defined as covenanting to only have sexual relations with one's spouse. “Sexual relations” is clearly stated in terms of relationship. Masturbation is an individual practice that only becomes relational once you're married and establish sexual parameters with your spouse. A priesthood authority does not have the right to ask about masturbatory practice without due cause (i.e. if you have brought the issue up yourself). If an authority figure does ask such a question, it is a good opportunity to honor your own boundaries and say you are uncomfortable with their line of questioning. The lack of boundaries within Mormon interview culture, especially when it comes to sexuality, can lead to both intentional and unintentional ecclesiastical abuse.
The most important thing to consider in this situation is where your authority lies in all of this. How do you apply your spiritual principles and beliefs in regards to the choices you are making? For example, when someone speaks to me of the relief they felt after reading my blog post, I want to ask them where their trust is in their feelings and ability to discern truth. Where does the good fruit of the tree grow for them?
I don't mean to blame the victim by any means. We live in a conservative religion that places much of its focus on outward behavior. So when we have questions, most of us expect to find solid, behavior-based answers. Unfortunately this often leads us to surrender our personal authority, and that authority is an important facet of healthy psychological and spiritual development. When approaching difficult questions, remember that nestled deep within Mormonism is the wonderful gem of personal revelation—of our individual relationship with God. Claim this truth; stake out your own path according to its direction. It may vary somewhat from the paths of those who walk alongside us, but trust yourself, trust in your unconditionally loving Heavenly Parents, trust in the atonement, trust in transcendence. Time and time again I witness good women and men in our church being blocked from a deeper relationship with the divine by what they deem a deviation from “appropriate behavior.”
Feelings of unworthiness usually come from two different sources:
The appropriate pricks of guilt that follow behavior or thoughts which are harmful to self or others such as cheating, stealing, gossip, abuse, uncontrolled anger, or drug abuse. The inappropriate shame tied to either taboo cultural subjects of questionable “sinfulness” (i.e. an Amish woman caught wearing blue jeans) or past sinful behavior one has repented of but can't self-forgive.
Guilt doesn't always come from a healthy source. Our responsibility is to figure out when guilt is healthy—usually when it motivates us, propels positive lifestyle change, and draws us closer to God—and when it needs to be abandoned.
During a temple recommend interview, it is not your relationship with the bishop that is primary; it is your relationship with divinity. If you can feel good about yourself from a standpoint of eternal progression—meaning that you fall within a spectrum of imperfection while striving to move forward—then you are on the right track. If, in a context of prayer, meditation, and divine connection, you feel that your use of masturbation is a healthy, balanced means toward an eternal goal, continue.
Whether you agree or disagree with my position, I wish you well on the journey of making your own spiritual decisions and accepting yourself along the way. May you stretch toward a higher plane and cultivate a deeper connection with God in the process.
NOTES
Natasha Helfer Parker, “My Official Stance on Masturbation,” The Mormon Therapist, http://www.patheos.com/blogs/mormontherapist/2012/08/my-official-stance-on-masturbation.html (accessed 3 March 2015). “Masturbation,” HealthyChildren.org, http://www.healthychildren.org/English/ages-stages/gradeschool/puberty/Pages/Masturbation.aspx (accessed 3 March 2015). “Masturbation,” Planned Parenthood, http://www.plannedparenthood.org/health-info/sexuality/masturbation (accessed 3 March 2015). Tad R. Callister, “The Lord's Standard of Morality,” Ensign, March 2014, https://www.lds.org/ensign/2014/03/the-lords-standard-of-morality?lang=eng (accessed 3 March 2015). “Historical Development of Masturbation Attitudes in Mormon Culture: Silence, Secular Conformity, Counterrevolution, and Emerging Reform,” Sexuality & Culture, Fall 2005, Vol. 9, No. 4, pp. 80–127. “Purity,” For the Strength of Youth, https://www.lds.org/youth/for-the-strength-of-youth/sexual-purity?lang=eng (accessed 3 March 2015).
Disc golf video games, especially on mobile platforms, aren't new. One could argue that the current offerings, while some are fun, haven't set the bar too high. Some options lack in graphics, physics, realism, or overall experience. One company is trying to change that. Big Disc Games, LLC started as the Disc Golf Video Game Project (DGVG). Chris Daskam started DGVG with the goal of creating a true disc golf simulation for disc golfers everywhere. His ideas are big, his goals are big, and slowly but surely, it is coming together.
We had a chance to talk with Daskam to get the history of the project, what disc golfers can expect, and how you can get involved.
[divider style=”full-dotted”/]
All Things Disc Golf: How did Big Disc Games, LLC get started?
Chris Daskam: The formation of Big Disc Games, LLC was in Jan. of 2013 but the conception of the Disc Golf Video Game Project and the idea of creating a realistic disc golf video game began in the Summer of 2007. I was disc golfing with some friends at Dretzka Park in Milwaukee. We kicked around the idea and as we finished a couple rounds they forgot about the idea but it kept spinning in my head. When I got home I started drafting the first game design. I built the Facebook page shortly there after but I completely went about building the game and support in the wrong way. The original box art design came from a co-worker, at a previous job in 2008, and I used that logo to convey what my intentions were with the quality and realism of the Disc Golf Video Game Project. This rattled some peoples interest and lead them to the Facebook page and I started to build a small gathering of followers.
Life takes over…I lost my job due to the recession in 2009. I met my wife (Sarah) the Summer of 2009 and got a job with Frito Lay in 2010. Sarah and I got married October 2011. We are expecting a little girl this June 20th. Talk about motivation to make this project a success.
May 3rd, 2012 is when I started getting serious about building a disc golf video game. I chose to ask questions from the Facebook followers and their responses would be recorded for actual game input. In essence anyone who comments on the Disc Golf Video Game Projects Facebook page has direct input into a future game. October 24th, 2012 Avery Jenkins commented a couple times on our Facebook page. This truly hyzer bombed my Facebook page with likes, comments and support. I owe him a hug or high five when I see him…probably a hug…haha.
Big Disc Games, LLC was formed to create the future franchise of disc golf video games on all platforms.
All Things Disc Golf: You recently attended the SMU Video Game Conference. What was that experience like and what came out of it?
Chris Daskam: What a great experience! Chuck Nicholson sent me an email in regards to this Video Game Conference in which people can submit a video game idea…if chosen, you are asked to come and present in front of investors, actual video game executives and a rather large crowd. I sent my presentation in…two weeks later I got a phone call from Scott Ticer (Venture capital owner and helps run the SMU Conference). He was impressed with the passion and devotion and asked me to come down to attend the Conference and present to a panel of judges. They flew me down, put me up in a hotel, fed me and gave me the opportunity to present my company and idea. The presentation itself was a standard 10 minute presentation on Big Disc Games, LLC and what my vision for the game franchise was. The feedback from the presentation was mainly positive.
The panel which consisted of a Video Game Lawyer (yes, that's his title), two venture capitilists and the CEO of Capcom advised me to scale this project down to the mobile market. This wasn't a shock because I know the economics of producing a AAA rated sports game. It did get my disc spinning in a different direction. They also stated to take your time when building this game, since it's been done before, and blow the chains off peoples expectations.
I made some contacts at the Conference who are assisting me with GBAS – Gaming Back End Advertising Services. I also met some companies who have experience in building mobile games. We have been exchanging ideas and ways to utilize their contacts across the world to build this game.
All Things Disc Golf: With mobile being your first platform, what are some of the key things you want to bring to the mobile version of the game? There are other disc golf games for iPhone, Android, etc… on the market today. What do you think they are missing to really make them a strong game?
Chris Daskam: There are really only a few main components in which I won't sacrifice on any of our games. These are realistic flight patterns, actual courses, discs and players. In addition to these features I think it's important to have the ergonomics of the game come to life in your controls. Any one can push a button once, twice and then three times on a screen, mouse or controller and watch the game play itself…how boring. I want to allow the user the ability to control the actual aspects of the game as if they would in real life disc golf. Hyzer, Annhyzer, level of release, player focus after a string of good shots, etc.
I think the current mobile games on the market are good attempts and I really like the passion these people put into their games. I think if you've played them you will notice what's missing…the concept is there but the depth on the physics and graphic design need a remodel.
All Things Disc Golf: You also have a lot of support from major disc golf companies like the PDGA, Innova, Dismanica, MVP Disc Sports, and others. What do those companies say about your project? Who else is involved?
Chris Daskam: The current sponsors have given a lot of positive feedback and are very excited to work with Big Disc Games, LLC. Most of them have sent samples of their products and these samples will be used for game input by taking pictures of the profile of the disc, logo and overall look and feel of the disc.
Here is a list of the companies who have expressed interest: PDGA, Innova, Discmania, Prodiscus, MVP Disc Sports, Rip Disc Golf, Dyenamite Discs, Gateway Discs, Vibram USA, Grip Eq, Latitude 64, Disc Golf Planet.tv, Westside Discs, The Disc Golf Experience, All Things Disc Golf, Rock River Disc Golf Club, Ace Time Disc Golf…still in need of more…
All Things Disc Golf: Surely you get this question a lot, but what is the time table for the game?
Chris Daskam: I do get this question a lot and I like it because it shows me people want a quality disc golf game. Quality takes time. Kickstarter Video, get funded, build the game, publish it…we won't rush it.
All Things Disc Golf: If someone is a designer, programmer, or just wants to be involved with the project, how can they get in contact with you?
Chris Daskam: I can always be reached at bigdiscgames@gmail.com, messaged at Facebook.com/discgolfvideogameproject or on my cell phone 414-430-0031.
I would really like to hear from those talented individuals on their skills and passion to join Big Disc Games, LLC.
All Things Disc Golf: What are the best ways to keep up to date with the project?
Chris Daskam: The Facebook page is the main source of new information that is coming out on the game. These fun and cool email interviews from All Things Disc Golf are a GREAT way to communicate to the masses and I thank you for the opportunity.
All Things Disc Golf: You have mentioned a Kickstarter campaign starting soon, correct? When is this starting?
Chris Daskam: We would like to shoot a kickstarter video around Memorial Day in Milwaukee by hosting a BIG event. I'm asking pros, sponsors and people from all over the world to come out and support the Disc Golf Video Game Project. During this event there will be a tournament, giveaways, and I will be shooting the video for the kickstarter campaign. My goal is to show how the disc golf community can come together to make this project a reality. We will use actual players competing in the tournament to show off their different throwing skills…not during the tournament of course…and use the shot for the kickstarter video.
I'm asking anyone with tournament experience and willing to assist in this project to contact me ASAP.
[divider style=”full-dotted”/]
As you can see, Daskam is passionate about this project. All Things Disc Golf is excited to help Daskam bring this idea to reality. It will take many people to make it happen. The least we can ask is that you like their Facebook page and show support. We'll continue to keep you updated as progress is made.
The more people involved, the better the product will be, and the quicker you'll get to play it.
What would you like to see in a disc golf video game? Let us know in the comments below.
On the final day of the swimming portion of their physical education curriculum, the 28 students in a St. Louis Park Middle School class were allowed free time to shoot hoops in the shallow end, swim laps or play a rambunctious variation of “king of the hill” by climbing onto a raft and pushing each other off.
Near the end of the Feb. 27 class, as a veteran teacher sat nearby, 12-year-old Abdullahi Charif, who was known to be a weak swimmer, slipped under the water and to the bottom of the 9-foot-deep end without notice.
Eventually, attempts to revive him failed, and he died a couple of days later at a hospital.
More than 100 pages of investigative documents were released this week containing eyewitness accounts of Charif's final minutes.
The papers include transcribed interviews with 14 students and the teacher, as well as a report from the medical examiner and the Hennepin County attorney's office, which declined last week to file charges against the teacher, a 25-year veteran who remains on paid administrative leave from the school district.
In a memo, Senior Assistant Hennepin County Attorney Amy Sweasy noted that police reports made “passing mention” of teacher-to-student ratios, lighting in the pool area and possible facility violations in a subsequent county probe, but the teacher wasn't responsible for them.
“This is a very tragic accident that resulted in the death of a 12-year-old boy in a place everyone assumed he was safe: at school,” she wrote. “An accident, by definition, lacks the core element of intentional wrongdoing.”
But an attorney for Charif's family members said Thursday that they see the report as confirming a suspicion. “He drowned because his teacher wasn't paying enough attention,” Eric Hageman said, adding that he couldn't envision a reasonable scenario in which a teacher would allow nonswimmers to play in the deep end.
“The class he drowned in was really poorly supervised; there's no other explanation,” Hageman said.
Lawyer: Teacher heartbroken
The teacher's lawyer, Sarah MacGillis, said he is heartbroken. “It's not something he's going to easily overcome or get over,” she said. “The fact that he wasn't criminally charged does little to assuage his grief.”
MacGillis said the teacher had no control over the size of the class or over his duties to teach children with a range of abilities, to record attendance, and to conduct and grade tests. “It is inconceivable to me he had as much responsibility as he did over 28 students,” MacGillis said.
She also noted that her client cooperated with police over multiple interviews and “did his best to recall a series of events that were extremely stressful.”
The boy's classmates reported that the teacher was attentive and that the students were roughhousing playfully.
Their accounts varied on where Charif was last seen and where he was playing. Some reported seeing him on the raft in the deep end or with the long, narrow flotation device he was using to stay afloat and navigate.
Some said he was only in the shallow end.
One boy's account was deemed “most valuable and informative” by the police.
That boy, who was also a poor swimmer, said he last saw Charif pushed off the raft into the deep end with his flotation device nowhere in site. The boy said the teacher's view of Charif's plunge would have been blocked by the raft.
Police found that explanation credible, saying the raft and choppy water from the horseplay would have made it “very difficult for” the teacher to see the boy go under and drown.
Michael McGee, the Ramsey County medical examiner who performed the autopsy on the boy, said he found no trauma to indicate that Charif died from anything other than accidental drowning. McGee also told police that nonswimmers can drown quietly and quickly without any flailing.
The police report, however, said interviews noted a “glaring discrepancy” between when the teacher claims he last saw the boy and when students reported seeing him.
The teacher said he last saw Charif a couple of minutes after he blew the second and final whistle at 8:45 a.m., but none of the 14 students interviewed said they saw the boy then. Police estimated that Charif drowned between 8:33 a.m. and 8:42 a.m.
Another problematic statement from the teacher was that he claimed not to have seen the boy in the deep end, police said.
During the class, the teacher said he took about five minutes to give a test to a couple of swimmers in the shallow end and to record the results on his iPad, but most of the time he was on a bench at the midpoint between the shallow and deep ends of the pool.
A timeline of tragedy
The reports included the teacher's timeline of that day: Class began at 8:16 a.m. At 8:40 a.m., the teacher blew the first whistle indicating that the students had 15 minutes before the end of the period and that they could leave the pool or swim another five minutes. The report said about two-thirds of the students left the pool.
At 8:45 a.m., the teacher blew the whistle a second time, requiring the remaining students to remove equipment from the pool and go to the locker room. The teacher told police that at that time, he saw Charif playing in the shallow end of the pool.
No more than three minutes later, the teacher believed everyone was out of the pool, but as he headed into the locker room, he found a pair of boy's shoes. He asked the boys in the locker room about the shoes, then went back to the pool and saw Charif submerged in the deep end.
The teacher said he pulled the boy out and began CPR.
At 8:52 a.m., 911 was called. Emergency personnel arrived at 8:57 a.m., the report said, but their efforts came too late, and two days later, Charif died in the hospital.
Josh Doggrell
"It's wonderful to be around sanity," the founder and chairman of the League's John C. Calhoun chapter in a video of the event posted to YouTube.
It was a common speech for a League conference. But Doggrell wasn't quite a common southern nationalist. He was a police officer, a lieutenant in the Anniston Police Department, and he wasn't the only one. A second officer from his department, Lieutenant Wayne Brown, joined Doggrell at the convention, and they had come with good news –– good news for any self-respecting southern nationalist at least.
“The vast majority of men in uniform are aware that they're southerners,” Doggrell said, touching on gun rights and the perennial fear among extremist groups that the Second Amendment is under attack. “And kith and kin comes before illegal national mandates.”
Doggrell knows a little bit about kith and kin. He joined the LOS in 1995 after meeting its president Michael Hill at the University of Alabama while Doggrell was a student, serving as the secretary vice chairman and chairman of the school's LOS chapter before founding his own chapter in 2009.
Kith and kin is part of an explicitly racist ideology called “kinism” that Hill has long promoted through the LOS. The Kinist Institute, an organization that promotes kinism, has called for laws against racial intermarriage, an end to non-white immigration, expelling all “aliens” (“to include all Jews and Arabs”), and restricting the right to vote to white, landholding men over the age of 21. In the past, LOS websites have referred to kinism as “a biblical solution for all races” that will save the South by preventing “white genocide.”
It was an odd thing for a police officer to say, especially one from Anniston. Fifty years earlier, Klansmen firebombed several buses carrying civil rights workers, known as Freedom Riders, coming to the South to test a U.S. Supreme Court ruling ordering that buses be desegregated. On May 14, 1961, in Anniston, a mob of Klansmen, some reportedly still wearing their Sunday church clothes, attacked and firebombed the riders. Police did nothing.
But Doggrell has never hidden his extremist ties, not from his family – in 2013, his two-year-old was already a League member – and definitely not from his employer. As Doggrell boasts elsewhere in the video, his superiors are well aware of his associations.
“It's always wonderful to go back and show my bosses all the radicals that I cavort with on the weekends,” he boasts.
The video was posted on YouTube two years ago by the Southern Nationalist Network and has only recently come to the attention of Hatewatch, which immediately sought to bring Doggrell's associations to the city's attention.
After Hatewatch initially alerted the chief of the Anniston Police Department about Doggrell's membership, further calls were referred to Brian Johnson, Anniston city manager, who told Hatewatch that even if the city was aware of police officers being a member of such “civic club,” there was only so much they could do.
When posed with the hypothetical of a police officer being a member of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), Johnson elaborated by stating that, “We could not terminate an employee solely on his or her membership in a legal, lawfully formed, civic club or organization.” He added that it was “unfortunate” the city had to answer for Doggrell's involvement in the LOS, especially at a time when policing practices are increasingly scrutinized amid a rash of stories of police violence and examples of biased, even racist officers. But, Johnson said, “I do not believe that someone could be terminated solely based on their private sector membership in a properly formed legal organization – as hateful as the KKK might be.”
Other cities have not been so laissez-faire about extremists and racists in their ranks.
In 2009 and again in 2014, officers were forced to resign after it was discovered they were high-ranking members of the KKK. Earlier this year, police officers in San Francisco were forced to resign because of racist text messages they were sending to each other. Also this year, in Ferguson, Mo., two officers were forced to resign after a racist emails were uncovered in the Justice Department inquiry surrounding the death of Michael Brown.
Given the deep racism that is central to the LOS, it seems odd of the city to ignore the possible conflicts of interest when acting as a police officer. The League has in recent years taken on increasingly racist and violent antigovernment rhetoric. Early last month, Hill penned an article for the LOS website entitled “A few notes on an American race war.”
“Negroes are more impulsive than whites,” Hill wrote. “Tenacity and organization are not the negroes [sic] strong suits. If [a race war] could be won by ferocity alone, he might have a chance. But like the adrenaline rush that sparks it, ferocity is short lived. And it can be countered by cool discipline, an historic white trait, and all that stems from it.”
These pronouncements are doubly serious given news first announced on this blog that the LOS was forming a uniformed, paramilitary unit called “the Indomitables” tasked with advancing a second southern secession by any means necessary. The group has also become increasingly anti-Semitic. This past May, Hill suggested that one of the South's main problems is “Jewry” and what he depicts as the Jewish-controlled media. “ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC, and other largely Jewish-Progressive owned media would doubtless fan the flames, justifying black behavior while conversely condemning white reaction,” Hill wrote at the time as he contemplated the difficulties that will face the white man.
As for Doggrell, he has some racial views of his own.
In a Facebook post from March of this year, Doggrell asked his followers, “When ‘minorities' become the majority, why do we still call them minorities?” Hill responded to that post by stating, “So they can still be demonized and destroyed … if they are white (and especially white Christians).”
Later that month, following the Supreme Court's decision that Alabama's legislative districts are racially gerrymandered, Doggrell authored a post stating, “So, the robed oligarchs say that gerrymandering is not an issue of right or wrong, legal or illegal—at least on its face. It is a matter of whether or not it benefits blacks (which makes it okay), or if it does not benefit blacks (which means it is not okay).”
Such suspicions regarding the government's treatment of race relations are only the beginning of Doggrell's disdain for the federal government.
“What a despondent situation we find ourselves in, as southern men and women, when the very institutions that we grant extraordinary powers in an effort to serve us are abused and misused by a manipulating national government that seeks to make a tool out of local police that can be used to destroy us when the time comes,” Doggrell lamented in his 2013 presentation. But countering Johnson, Doggrell insists the city and the police department know all of what he does in his off time.
In a closing question-and-answer session to his 2013 presentation, Doggrell, who was investigated by the police department and cleared in 2009 for his LOS ties, recounted an interaction with his then chief a year prior. In anticipation of questions about his LOS affiliations, Doggrell told the chief, “I'm not going to sell out my position with the League, as something I believe in strongly. If it came down to it, I'd choose the League.”
According to Doggrell, the chief responded, “We pretty much think like you do.”
If that's the case, the Anniston police department may have even bigger problems than Doggrell.
Editors' Note –– Ryan Lenz contributed to the reporting of this article.
For several years now, Fantastical for the Mac has been the best place to quickly create text-based calendar entries. The application existed in the menubar and had the uncanny ability to create new calendar entries with just a few words. One of the application's innovations is the way it physically animates the creation of the event while you type in the text. That way, you can see exactly how the computer interprets what you are writing. You don't have to do this very long before you you learn to create new events as easily as typing a sentence.
I take this for granted now but thinking back to the days before Fantastical, creating a new calendar entry was a hairy mess of inspectors and mouse clicks. Fantastical changed all of that.
While this has dramatically increased the speed at which I create calendar events, I always thought of Fantastical more as a utility than a calendar application. It sat in my menubar and made new events really quickly. It was not, however, my calendar app. There was no way to see my week view, and it didn't provide the types of tools that, frankly, I needed to run my calendar.
That is no longer the case.
Today Flexibits released Fantastical 2 for Mac. That menubar view still exists and you can still quickly add events but there is so much more, starting with a big-boy calendar.
He's Every Security Manager's Worst Nightmare!
The Knightmare is the sort of Super Hacker who keeps security guards from sleeping at night. He's not motivated by money or malice. He's in it for the hack. If your computer has any link whatsoever to the outside world, there is no question The Knightmare can break in; the only question is whether he wants to.
Secrets of a Super Hacker is an extraordinary manual on the methods of hacking. Here are some of the techniques covered in this data-devouring dossier:
* Brute Force Attacks:
Hurling passwords at a system until it cracks.
* Social Engineering and Reverse Social Engineering:
Seducing legitimate users into revealing their passwords.
* Spoofing:
Designing dummy screens; Delivering fake e-mail.
* Superuser Abuser:
How to get system managers to do your dirty work for you!
* Screen Stealing:
How to secretly record every image that appears on a computer screen.
* Data Delivery:
How to hide the information you've collected; How to e-mail it to your computer.
* Stair Stepping:
How to use a low-level account to gain ever-higher levels of access.
* And Much More!
Including a brief history of hacking, lists of likely passwords, a summary of computer crime laws and a glossary.
The Super Hacker reveals all his secrets: Trojan Horses, Viruses, Worms, Trap Doors and Dummy Accounts. The how-to text is highlighted with bare-knuckle tales of The Knightmare's hacks, including on-site hacking, remote-access hacking and bulletin board busting.
No system can withstand the ingenious, unrelenting assaults of The Knightmare. And no person concerned with computer security should miss this amazing manual of mayhem.
Identifier Secrets_of_a_Super_Hacker Identifier-ark ark:/13960/t3rv1g350 Ocr ABBYY FineReader 8.0 Ppi 600
The Housing Rights Committee is leaving its location at 417 South Van Ness Ave. after facing a prohibitive rent increase with the expiration of its five-year lease. The organization is the third tenants rights group, after the Eviction Defense Collaborative and Tenants Together, to be displaced due to rent increases in the last few weeks.
“It was just not economically feasible for us to pay that kind of rent,” said Tommi Avicolli Mecca, an organizer with the group for 15 years. “We had a five-year lease at our location and it got up and then the rent got jacked up.”
Avicolli Mecca was not sure of the specific rent increase, and the executive director of the group, Sara Shortt, was not immediately available for comment. The move comes on the heels of Shortt's departure from the organization for Los Angeles.
The incoming director, Fred Sherburn-Zimmer, said the housing group was unable to secure a long-term lease for their growing organization.
“It was more than we were able to absorb, and we're also growing in size,” she said. “We would have considered staying in the building if we could've gotten a long-term lease there, but my understanding is we neither got a long-term lease nor at terms we were able to afford.”
The group learned that the landlord planned a rent increase late this summer, said Avicolli Mecca, and spent a few weeks scouting new locations before settling for a fifth-floor office at 1663 Mission St. The seven-story SoMa building is just a few blocks from their old offices at 15th and South Van Ness, but advocates worry clients may find it more difficult to find their new location.
“Right now we're in a storefront in a neighborhood where it's convenient for people to get to us,” Sherburn-Zimmer said. “We're hoping that folks will still be able to find us efficiently despite the move.”
“I'm not really too concerned,” said Avicolli Mecca, while acknowledging that he “always liked being on the ground level.” The group has been letting clients know of the move so they are not caught unawares. “We've been handing out flyers to all the people that come in, alerting them through our webpage.”
Moving costs have also taken their toll.
“We have to ask the city to help finance our move,” said Sherburn-Zimmer, saying the group would apply for a grant. She declined to comment on the grant amount, saying only, “it definitely is no small cost, the actual moving.”
The landlord could not be reached for comment. Avicolli Mecca said the group had a “good relationship” with the property owner and that the displacement was inevitable.
“It's just that the reality is property prices have gone up. That's what happens when you build condos in the neighborhood,” Avicolli Mecca said, pointing to the five-story condo complex across the street. “It's going to be pricing everybody out of the neighborhood, that's how gentrification works. We keep saying that. When you bring condos to working class neighborhoods, rents go up.”
The group will be offering services to tenants at its new location starting on January 4. Though Avicolli Mecca said the group was lucky to have found a new location, he saw the displacement as part of a larger trend for housing groups and non-profits.
“It's really tragic because we're the folks that provide vital services to the city,” he said. “The city can't afford to lose organizations like the Housing Rights Committee. This has got to be another wake-up call for city hall.”
Serves 6 to 8 · Total time: 35 minutes* · Active time: 15 minutes
(*not including soaking time for cashews)
This is for all you fishheads out there. A mix of mushrooms stands in for the clams to create a super satisfying chewiness, while some chopped up nori gives this chowder a true taste of the sea. It's thick and creamy and loaded with the finer things, like potatoes and carrots. Crumble some saltines over the top and you'll be able to hear the Atlantic Ocean lapping at your feet. For authenticity, make sure to serve this while talking like a character from a Stephen King movie.
Recipe notes
* How fishy do you like it? Nori is pretty mild as far as seaweeds go, but the potency varies depending on the brand and how fresh the nori is. Start with one sheet, then taste after everything is added at the end. If you think it needs more sea, you can still add another chopped up sheet. Just mix it in and let the flavor meld, off the heat, for about 10 minutes.
* To efficiently chop nori, it works to chiffonade it. That means roll up and slice! So tightly roll up your nori sheet like a cigar, and thinly slice. Then run your knife over the curled up bunches to get them into even smaller pieces.
* If you'd like it even more chewy and you have a million dollars to spend on fungi, then go ahead and replace all of the white mushrooms with shiitake.
1 cup cashews, soaked for at least 2 hours
2 cups vegetable broth
4 teaspoons organic cornstarch
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large yellow onion, diced medium
2 medium carrots, peeled, sliced into 1/4 inch thick half moons
3 stalks celery, sliced 1/4 inch thick
4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced
8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced 1/4 inch thick
2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4 inch chunks
3/4 teaspoon salt, more to taste
Fresh black pepper
1 to 2 nori sheets, finely chopped (see note)
3 cups vegetable broth
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
Optional toppings:
Fresh chopped parsley or chives for garnish
Saltines for crushing over the top
Preheat a 4-quart pot over medium heat. Sauté onion and carrots in the olive oil with a pinch of salt, for about 10 minutes, until carrots are softened.
In the meantime, we'll make the cashew cream. Drain the cashews and add them to the blender along with the vegetable broth and cornstarch. Blend like crazy, until smooth. This can take anywhere from one to five minutes depending on your machine. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula every now and again to make sure you get everything.
Back to the soup. Add mushrooms and celery. Cook briefly, for about 3 minutes, just until mushrooms are softened. You want them to keep their texture.
Add the potatoes, salt, pepper, nori and vegetable broth. Cover and bring to a boil. Once boiling reduce heat to a simmer. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Be careful to keep a close eye so as not to overcook them or they will turn into mush.
Stir in the cashew cream mixture and gently heat, uncovered, for about 7 minutes, until nicely thickened. Add the tomato paste and lemon juice and taste for salt and seasoning. Add a little extra water if it seems too thick. Serve garnished with parsley or chives, if you like, and a few saltine crackers. A wedge of lemon looks pretty, too.
Former White House chief strategist and Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon told the New York Times that “it's now time to take over” to build the Donald Trump nationalist-populist movement.
Bannon told the Times that the Donald Trump movement serves as a “revolt against a globalist that ran the Republican party and part of an elite that runs the country.”
“This will be seen as a revolt of working class people of both parties at a time that rejected the permanent political class, that is inextricably linked both Republican and Democrat in Washington, D.C. and take back their government,” Bannon added.
Bannon told the New York Times that the populist movement needs to take control of Congress. He also said that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) should resign. Bannon suggested that McConnell resign after Republicans pass a tax reform package.
Bannon reportedly will challenge every Senate Republican in the 2018 midterms outside of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX). The Breitbart News executive chairman also started gathering donors who are frustrated with Republican incumbents' inability pass any significant legislation.
Several Senate Republican candidates are reluctant to support Mitch McConnell for Majority Leader. Even Mitch McConnell's number one recruit, Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley, refuses to endorse McConnell for Majority Leader.
Bannon suggested, “It's now time to take over these institutions.”
The Breitbart News executive chairman explained that President Donald Trump served as the vanguard of the populist movement.
“Trump is the leader of this movement,” Bannon said. “He has been talking about this for the last 25, 30 years. He has been talking about this day in and day out. He embodies it.”
Bannon charged, “I was the only figure in the White House that really believed that he's a truly globally revolutionary figure. I believe there is greatness within him.”
“He's going to win re-election with 400 electoral votes and he'll be considered in the pantheon of Reagan and Lincoln and others as great presidents, but you have to stick with the program,” Bannon told the New York Times.
Bannon argued that the permanent political class will not easily relinquish their power.
“They're not going to give up their power easily,” Bannon said. “You have to fight every day.”
The former White House strategist then explained that Trump's populist-nationalist movement will have to build institutions to continue to fortify the movement.
Bannon told the New York Times, “You have to build institutions, we're trying to build think tanks and the first thing is the institutionalization of the movement, to mobilizing all of these grassroots groups, to actually get engaged in vetting candidates for the Senate, to look at how to put together a grassroots army.”
Bannon concluded, “The institutions of this movement have to be built, and you're right, Donald Trump will sometime will have to leave the battlefield at the end of his second term. You have to continue to win elections and implement your policies.”
Google is readying a version of its Android OS tailored for wearable devices. Google's Sundar Pichai told the SXSW conference Sunday that it would be releasing an SDK for makers of wearable devices such as smartwatches in two weeks' time.
The SDK will be aimed at other makers of smartwatches and wearables, even though Google itself is thought to be working on building wearable hardware — with a Mountain View smartwatch project rumoured for months. (Last year Google confirmed it previously bought a smartwatch maker called WIMM Labs).
The release of Google's smartwatch has been slated for either mid to late March, or pushed out to June (although the company has not confirmed its plans).
As with its mobile strategy, the spread of Android is Google's primary concern here — with the wearable SDK allowing the services it offers packaged with Android to reach even further, via other makers' hardware.
According to the WSJ, which reported the SDK announcement earlier, Pichai said Google is releasing its Android software developer kit for wearable devices well before actual devices hit the market so the company gets “plenty of feedback” first.
It's possible Google is hoping to garner feedback for continued development of its own smartwatch device, as part of the SDK initiative.
It's not just smartwatches Google has its eye on here either. The WSJ reports Pichai saying the company hopes its Android platform helps developers create many types of wearable devices — with Pichai apparently throwing out a sensor-laden, Android-powered “smart jacket” scenario as one possibility.
The newspaper also notes Pichai was asked about Google's recent acquisition of smart thermostat maker Nest Labs — and said Mountain View is thinking about creating a “mesh layer” of software to make its various devices work better together.
Didn't think the fast food industry could get any grosser? Well it can.
This time, it's not the food, but the soda fountains to be worried about. According to Tom Laskawy, a media and technology professional and blogger for grist.org, a team of microbiologists from Hollins University found that 48% of sodas tested from the fast food fountains contain coliform bacteria, which is typically fecal in origin. And most bacteria found were antibiotic resistant, as icing on the cake.
The microbiologists published their findings in the International Journal of Food Microbiology. They tested 90 beverages from 30 soda fountains. Their abstract states:
...Coliform bacteria was detected in 48% of the beverages and 20% had a heterotrophic plate count greater than 500 cfu/ml.
[...]
More than 11% of the beverages analyzed contained Escherichia coli [E. Coli] and over 17% contained Chryseobacterium meningosepticum. Other opportunistic pathogenic microorganisms isolated from the beverages included species of Klebsiella, Staphylococcus, Stenotrophomonas, Candida, and Serratia. Most of the identified bacteria showed resistance to one or more of the 11 antibiotics tested.
Laskawy notes that only one recorded outbreak linked to a soda fountain has occurred, and that was ten years ago. But on a smaller scale, these bacteria could cause sickness on an individual level that can go unreported.
Think about it—an inexpensive Linux PC crammed inside a wall-wart plug. Something like this SheevaPlug could open up a whole new framework of managing and sharing data that could be accessible to the masses.
Inside the SheevaPlug you will find a 1.2GHz, ARM-based Sheeva embedded processor, 512Mbytes of FLASH, 512Mbytes of DRAM, gigabit ethernet and a USB 2.0 port. Plug it into a wall socket and bam—a fully-functional Linux server that can store digital media accessible remotely via the internet or function as a remote print or web server. Plus, it supports "multiple standard Linux 2.6 kernel distributions" and it operates on only 5-watts of power. So running and developing software for the platform should be easy (and there should be substantial savings on your power bill).
Advertisement
Currently, open source tinkerers can get the $99 SheevaPlug development kit on the Marvell website. Several products based on the design (like the Pogoplug) are expected to arrive in the near future with price tags ranging from $79-$99. Eventually, Marvell expects the price for these devices to dip below $50. [Marvell and WSJ via Tech Report via Slashgear]
Spread the love
“It doesn't matter to me. What's gonna happen?” says officer Williams to assert his ‘above the law' power.
Ferriday, LA — A couple of ‘good-ole-boys' were driving down Highway 425 in Ferriday, Louisiana when they saw trash being thrown out of the passenger's side window of a police cruiser.
The two concerned citizens decided to follow the patrol car driven by officer Lee Williams of the Ferriday Police Department, and let him know that they did not approve of this littering.
When they confronted Williams, he became immediately confrontational, defensive, and arrogant.
“It doesn't matter to me. What's gonna happen?” says officer Williams to assert his ‘above the law' power, basically telling the duo that he can litter and it doesn't matter.
Williams made the mistake of actually engaging further with the two men and the situation quickly becomes hilarious.
Despite Williams trying to intimidate these two men, they stand their ground; calling out the officer's hypocrisy the entire time.
An Egyptian billionaire seriously wants to buy an island to start a new life for the thousands of refugees fleeing Syria and other conflicts.
It has to be fun to be able to make outrageous sounding offers to buy entire islands and start new countries and actually have the cash to maybe back it up.
Egyptian telecom tycoon Naguib Sawiris, who's reportedly worth $3 billion, says he wants to buy an island for the thousands of refugees facing terrible danger as they flee from war in Syria and other places.
Greece or Italy sell me an island,ill call its independence and host the migrants and provide jobs for them building their new country — Naguib Sawiris (@NaguibSawiris) September 1, 2015
Crazy idea .. Maybe but at least temporary until they can return to their countries ??!! — Naguib Sawiris (@NaguibSawiris) September 1, 2015
Thousands of refugees have already died this year trying to make the dangerous journey to Europe by sea. Others have died while trying to make the journey by land, entrusting their lives to human smugglers.
According to AFP, Sawiris backed up the plan he first announced on Twitter during a TV interview and later said "Of course it's feasible."
"You have dozens of islands which are deserted and could accommodate hundreds of thousands of refugees," Sawiris told AFP. "The way they are being treated now, they are being treated like cattle."
UwMWdhdzqKIpUOioupv_-YOPVi0t_Wiv
Continue Reading On Complex
In an act of blatant discrimination against the Christian religious minority, and an infringement of Article 27 of the Constitution of Pakistan, the Hyderabad Municipal Corporation has invited applications for the job of sewers from Non-Muslims only. Moreover, applicants are required to take an oath on their religious holy book – Geeta or Bible – that they will never do anything else but work as a sanitary worker, and will never refuse to carry out the work.
This is not the first time that Article 27, which provides safeguards against discrimination in services or employment, has been so blatantly trampled upon. The government has adopted a systemic policy of reserving sanitation posts for non-Muslims. On 18 September 2015, the Mandi Bahauddin, Punjab province's District Headquarter Hospital, publicized 10 vacancies, where sanitation jobs were reserved for minorities. A similar advertisement was issued by the Lady Wellington Hospital in Lahore, requiring only “non-Muslims” for this work. In 2015, the Punjab Cardiology Hospital issued an advertisement in several newspapers, which stated that “Only Non-Muslims persons who belong to minorities will be accommodated” for sanitation work. Though the advertisement was later redacted, it was made publicly clear that sanitation work was beneath the Muslim majority population.
This prejudice against non-Muslims, particularly the Christians, has its roots in history. Prior to independence, Dalit Hindus were entrusted with such menial jobs. When they left Pakistan in hordes post independence, the Muslim majority complained to the local administration about the lack of human resources to clean. Consequently, the Christian converts from Dalit Hindus were used to fill in the vacuum. While these Dalits had converted from Hinduism to Protestant Christianity to escape caste discrimination, the stigma of being sanitation workers remained with the community. Their Dalit ancestry remains a distinct feature of social discrimination against Christians in Pakistan.
Due to the lack of political will in uplifting the Christian community, the Christian sanitary workers, or Chuhras, as they are locally called, are confined to remain sanitary workers for generations. According to a survey conducted by an organization working for the upliftment of the beleaguered community, “Total Christian population in Pakistan is 10.5 Million; out of these only 4% are educated or receiving education, about 68% of Christians are jobless.” Furthermore, some 81% of Christians are without homes, 39% Christians are employed as labourers, 67% Christian families are living below the poverty line, 29% Christian females are working as maids and 65% Christian men are sanitary workers.
While the ratio of Christians and Muslims working in the sewers is 60 percent to 40 percent, most Christian sanitary workers said their Muslim co-workers did not indulge in any sanitation work after recruitment, and discriminated against them. Non-Muslim sweepers are preferred because they are easily exploited. Also, there is no compensation in case of the death of Christian sanitary workers.
Since 1988, over 80 Christian sanitary workers have died from inhaling toxic fumes while cleaning sewers, states a Minority Rights Commission report. The most recent death occurred in June 2017, when a Christian sanitary worker fainted from inhaling toxic fumes and was not given medical treatment due to discrimination by hospital staff. Irfan Masih was clearing a blocked sewer in Pakistan's Sindh Province when he was overcome by toxic fumes. The 30-year-old Christian died in hospital after doctors refused to treat him during the month of Ramadan.
Since 2013, when the Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province offered a public apology for stating that “Muslims cannot be hired as sweepers or cleaners,” because sanitation work “can only be carried out by Christians, Hindus and lower castes”, the state has adopted an unapologetic attitude for such discrimination. In March 2017 for instance, an advertisement for sweepers in Bannu district, northwestern Pakistan, called for applicants from Hindu, Christians and Shia religious minorities. Although officials now claim that ‘Shia' was added by mistake, they maintain that religious minorities are preferred for these jobs.
Pakistani Christians' lack of education is one of the root causes of the community's social and financial decline. It is also why they can only find such menial work.
According to a report by World Watch Monitor, minority representation in sanitation work in Pakistan is above 80 percent. The breakdown of the number of Christian sanitary workers is as follows:
Christians also have a very high representation in Gilgit and Karachi municipal corporations.
The state's economic discrimination continues, despite a notification from the Services and General Administration Department to amend eligibility rules for sanitation jobs. The notification has amended Service Rules 2003 so that minorities are no longer associated with only sanitary work.
The UN and ILO's Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention, 1958 (No. 111) describes discrimination as “Any distinction, exclusion or preference made on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, political opinion, national extraction or social origin, which has the effect of nullifying or impairing equality of opportunity or treatment in employment or occupation”.
Though many Pakistanis can be found doing menial jobs abroad, it is rare to find any Muslim doing the same job in their own motherland. The attitude within Pakistan is as though the Christians were in the country to clean up after Muslims. How can one expect greatness from a nation that does not even know how to clean its streets and treats its sanitary workers as sub humans?
It should not be forgotten that the Christian community has given the country several stalwarts, such as legal giant Justice Cornelius, and slain human rights activist and minister of minority affairs Shebaz Bhatti. Their contributions in the education and health sectors have provided many Pakistanis with the best medical and educational facilities at a nominal price. The Christian community has also played a pivotal role in the freedom movement, but all these contributions are sidelined by the theocratic state bent upon promulgating its own version of political Islam.
The government of Pakistan must stop forcing religious minorities into degrading jobs. It should also work on sensitizing society, to encourage a pluralistic and egalitarian atmosphere where the rights of minorities are equally protected. It is imperative for a strengthened Pakistan that all its citizens, regardless of caste, colour, ethnicity, political or religious association, be treated on equal footing by the state. The government of Punjab in particular, should immediately stop the policy of discrimination and bias against its beleaguered Christian community.
LeagueSharp's scripting services executed actions at a speed faster than is humanly possible. (Riot Games)
Riot Games has won a settlement against League of Legends subscription cheating service LeagueSharp.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
According to a report on Engadget, the settlement means that LeagueSharp must now pay Riot Games $10 million and give Riot control over its websites. LeagueSharp was reportedly shut down in January, but details of the settlement have only recently emerged.
Riot Games allegedly claimed that LeagueSharp's software was a breach of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act because it opposed LoL's anti-cheat features. According to Engadget, LeagueSharp reportedly attacked Riot's servers and revealed the personal information of a Riot Games employee. LeagueSharp also had a Peruvian shell company hold its copyrights and dodge a lawsuit, something which has evidently failed.
LeagueSharp is a scripting service based on a subscription model. The LeagueSharp blog describes its services as including features such as “space bar to win, which will carry out lightning fast perfect combos in a fraction of a second, much faster [than] normally humanly possible.” Other scripts included jungle timers, automatic last hitting, and visual aides to help evade incoming projectiles. The service was priced at $15 a month for a cap of 50 games per day, while an unlimited license was $50 per month.
Ola Lee Mize (August 28, 1931 – March 12, 2014) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Korean War.
Biography [ edit ]
Mize was born in Albertville, Alabama, the son of a sharecropper.[1] He left school after 9th grade to help support his family. After several years of working for low pay, he attempted to enlist in the Army, but was rejected for being too light, at 120 pounds (54 kg).[2] He tried repeatedly to enlist and was eventually accepted, joining the Army from Gadsden, Alabama.[2][3]
Assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division, Mize planned to finish his term of service and return to school. When the Korean War began, he changed his plans and reenlisted in hopes of seeing combat.[2] He volunteered for a front-line unit and ended up as a sergeant in Company K of the 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infantry Division. On June 10, 1953, his unit was manning Outpost Harry near Surang-ni, Korea, when the post came under heavy enemy attack. Mize organized defensive positions, rescued wounded soldiers, and engaged the enemy until reinforcements arrived about noon the next day.[2] He was subsequently promoted to master sergeant and, on September 24, 1954, awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at Outpost Harry.[3]
Mize later joined the Special Forces where he gained a commission and served three tours of duty in the Vietnam War. In 1965, he was assigned to the Special Forces Training Group, where he was the Advanced Training Committee chief for SCUBA, HALO, and the Skyhook schools. Colonel Mize is credited for being the officer responsible for starting the present day Combat Divers Qualification Course in Key West, FL. From 1966 to 1967, he was again assigned to Vietnam with the 5th Special Forces Group where he was an Operational A, B, and C Detachment Commander and once more in 1969, where he was assigned to the 5th Special Forces Group as the Commander of the 3rd Mobile Strike Force Command (Cambodian Troops). During his tour while commander of B-36 3rd Mobile Strike Force he was awarded the Silver Star for Valor in 1969. He retired in 1981 as a colonel.[2] [[[4]
Mize died of cancer on March 12, 2014 at Gadsden, Alabama, aged 82.[5]
Decorations [ edit ]
Medal of Honor citation [ edit ]
Rank and organization: Master Sergeant (then Sgt.), U.S. Army, Company K, 15th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Place and date: Near Surang-ni, Korea, 10 to 11 June 1953.
Entered service at: Gadsden, Ala. Born: 28 August 1931, Marshall County, Ala.
G.O. No.: 70, 24 September 1954.
Citation:
M/Sgt. Mize, a member of Company K, distinguished himself by conspicuous gallantry and outstanding courage above and beyond the call of duty in action against the enemy. Company K was committed to the defense of "Outpost Harry", a strategically valuable position, when the enemy launched a heavy attack. Learning that a comrade on a friendly listening post had been wounded he moved through the intense barrage, accompanied by a medical aid man, and rescued the wounded soldier. On returning to the main position he established an effective defense system and inflicted heavy casualties against attacks from determined enemy assault forces which had penetrated into trenches within the outpost area. During his fearless actions he was blown down by artillery and grenade blasts 3 times but each time he dauntlessly returned to his position, tenaciously fighting and successfully repelling hostile attacks. When enemy onslaughts ceased he took his few men and moved from bunker to bunker, firing through apertures and throwing grenades at the foe, neutralizing their positions. When an enemy soldier stepped out behind a comrade, prepared to fire, M/Sgt. Mize killed him, saving the life of his fellow soldier. After rejoining the platoon, moving from man to man, distributing ammunition, and shouting words of encouragement he observed a friendly machine gun position overrun. He immediately fought his way to the position, killing 10 of the enemy and dispersing the remainder. Fighting back to the command post, and finding several friendly wounded there, he took a position to protect them. Later, securing a radio, he directed friendly artillery fire upon the attacking enemy's routes of approach. At dawn he helped regroup for a counterattack which successfully drove the enemy from the outpost. M/Sgt. Mize's valorous conduct and unflinching courage reflect lasting glory upon himself and uphold the noble traditions of the military service.[3]
Honors [ edit ]
A section of Steel Station Road in Gadsden, Alabama is named Col. Ola Lee Mize Medal of Honor Highway in his honor.
On May 14, 2015, the Special Forces Underwater Operations School in Key West, Florida, celebrated its 50th anniversary by naming its headquarters building in his honor.[6]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
By , 14
Click on image to enlarge.
TSMC aims to start early or "risk" production of 16 nm FinFETS in Nov. 2013.
[Get a 10% discount on ARM TechCon 2012 conference passes by using promo code EDIT. Click here to learn about the show and register.]
SAN JOSE, Calif.  TSMC laid out roadmaps for 20-nm planar, 16-nm FinFET and 2.5-D stacks at its annual event here on Tuesday (Oct. 16). The Taiwan foundry will use ARMs first 64-bit processor, the V8, as a test vehicle for the 16-nm FinFET process with the first tape out of a test chip probably within the next year.The advent of double patterning at 20 nm and FinFETs at 16 nm pose significant challenges to chip designers, based on talks with TSMC and partner companies. TSMCs roadmap is roughly in line with rival Globalfoundries that also hopes to make 20nm chips next year and 14-nm FinFET chips in 2014.One analog IP provider said his first 20 nm designs resulted in bigger blocks, disappointing customers. The company had to completely redesign IP such as USB blocksa job that took a year--to deal with double patterning and get 25 to 30 percent area reductions.The USB redesign also was required because the 20-nm process only supports 1.8V transistors. USB requires legacy support for 5V and 3.3V operations.Top EDA executives said its too early to tell how similar or different TSMCs 16-nm FinFETs will be compared to those of competitors such as GlobalFoundries. Foundries are just now issuing their first early versions of design rule manuals for their FinFET processes, although some early test structures have been taped out.TSMCs 16-nm FinFET process will be substantially similar to its 20-nm high-K metal gate SoC process in the back-end, said Cliff Hou, vice president of R&D at TSMC, in a conversation withafter his talk here. Other companies are expected to take a similar approach of marrying 14- and 16-nm FinFET structures with their back-end 20- and 22-nm processes.By grafting 14- and 16-nm FinFET structures on a 20- and 22-nm back-end process, foundries can avoid at least for one node the need for complex and costly triple or quadruple patterning lithography.Cadence is expected to treat FinFETs as transistors, automating the way they are generated in custom design flows in ways suitable for the target foundry. Despite that offering, some designersespecially those working with analog and mixed/signal blocks like USB, expect they will have to redesign their cores for FinFETs.TSMC aims to have chip design kits for its 16-nm process available in January with the first foundation IP blocks such as standard cells and SRAM blocks ready a month later. It will start limited so-called risk production of the 16-nm process in November 2013. Production chip tape outs will follow about four or five quarters later.The FinFET process will have the same leakage power characteristics as the 20-nm process on which it is based. But it will offer a performance boost up to 35 percent and total power consumption reductions up to 35 percent compared to 20 nm, said Hou.
A water park in Vietnam offered free admission to the public earlier this month, but what seemed like a positive gesture turned into a nightmare for at least 20 girls who were physically assaulted.
Located outside of Hanoi, the Ho Tay water park drew in unprecedented crowds, filling it to capacity. At that point staff shut the park gates, but the real trouble was happening inside the park's lazy river.
According to reports, 70-80 males attacked various girls, splashing them and pushing their heads down under water. Some girls even had their bikinis ripped off and were sexually molested.
According to CNN's iReport, at least 20 girls were sexually assaulted. Here are gruesome details from a few of the victims via their Facebook pages:
#1: We were holding onto the swim ring at the lazy river for about 3 minutes. Then we heard a commotion at the back, as we turned around we saw hundreds of boys crowded the whole river, screaming and going towards the three of us. I was shock and choked on water, many arms pushed my head down. I felt my breast and my private area being grab and pull and scratch very painful, my butt was groped too. My bikini top was pull up to my neck and the bottom was pull till my knee. Even though i was choking, but i felt clearly someone was fingering me, my legs was spread apart. My head was still pressed down, I was out of breath and I thought I was going to drown. The water go up my nose to my brain, my throat. Those arms scratch and pull me up, my head hit the coping. Then there was people grab my hair, my arm to pull out of the swimming pool. I was coughing really hard so I didn't even realize I was completely naked…
#2: I was swimming in the lazy river with my friends. Behind us, all the boys kept splashing water like crazy, we were so freak out that all of us decided to go out of the river. As we just got out, one of my friend, who were still near the river, were pulled down and dragged to the centre of the river and was being splashed water and her head was pressed down. We saw our friend being surrounded by bunches of guys, we kept crying and called out: please help my friend, someone please help my friend. Around us, people kept on using phone to record and laugh like they were at the circus.
#3: My sister went with her friends. When they came back, they were crying their eyes out. Their necks, shoulders and thighs are full of scratches and bruises.
#4: It was too crowded so my boyfriend and I just played near the swimming pool coping. Suddenly I saw on my boyfriend head some milky fluid, when I touched, it was slippery and a bit thick. I dragged my boyfriend out of the pool immediately and asked him to wash his hair and we went home right after. Those animals masturbated in the swimming pool.
The Vice Managing Director of the water park denied the incident, saying that no accounts of sexual assault happened at the park. He added that as for the girls with ripped bikinis, it was a matter of their “bikini quality.”
An unnamed psychologist with a Master's Degree in Education was quoted as saying that the incident was entirely the girls' fault for being unable to protect themselves. Though it can't be verified, he is alleged to have said, “First thing first about this issue, the one who should be blamed the most are the girls, in the environment where people are naked 80% or more, the action [referring to molestation and rape] is inevitable.”
He added that in such environments, men could lose control of themselves due to women walking around in swimming suits. Once again, placing the blame on the girls for saying they should know how to protect themselves.
A petition has been started by a woman named Fiona Davidson to get these men a harsh sentence.
Below is some footage that was posted to Facebook. Warning: This video is NSFW as it shows one of the girls shamefully walking away with her tattered bikini.
DeKALB – Northern Illinois University President Doug Baker has been under investigation by a state watchdog agency for months, and records show the university has paid tens of thousands of dollars to a Boston-based law firm to represent him.
According to documents obtained by the Daily Chronicle, law firm Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo PC billed the university for 142.4 hours of work and expenses totaling more than $85,000 from March through September as they have worked on a defense.
The amount includes a $3,500 retainer fee for Raymond Cotton, a Harvard-educated member of the firm who is based out of Washington, D.C., and specializes in representing higher education executives, according to his online biography.
The investigation was initiated by the state Office of Executive Inspector General Maggie Hickey.
“Yes, there is an investigation,” Baker said, adding that he could make no further comment on the matter.
Members of the NIU Board of Trustees have said the university has an obligation to defend Baker, although some have voiced concerns about the mounting legal bills. Meanwhile, the state agency conducting the probe of Baker is saying nothing about what it might be looking into and wouldn't confirm an investigation is underway.
The executive inspector general's office fields and, at its discretion, investigates complaints against employees of, and those doing business with, agencies under the governor's purview, including state universities. Anyone can send a complaint to the office, but officials do not confirm or deny receipt of complaints or whether they lead to an investigation, a spokesman said.
Hickey's office has investigated matters from prohibited political activity and using state records for personal gain by state employees, to ghost-payrolling and other types of fraud. In some cases, it can take years before findings of investigations are made public.
Investigators determine whether complaints are founded or unfounded and can make recommendations on discipline – including firing – or if a former employee should be eligible for rehire. The office can also refer the results of its investigations to state or federal authorities for prosecution.
Records show that NIU officials including Trustee John Butler viewed the state inquiry as cause for concern in February, when Baker moved to retain Cotton.
“The board believes that professional and practical reasons exist for you to retain counsel,” Butler, then the chairman of the board, wrote in a Feb. 27 memo to Baker. “We want to be clear that we are approving financial support for representation only for the ongoing OEIG investigation.”
In March, the Auditor General's office found that the university improperly reimbursed consultant Ron Walters for $31,945 for travel from his home in Washington to NIU's DeKalb campus.
Legal expenses mount
From the outset, NIU trustees expressed concern over the cost for Mintz Levin. Although the fee Baker and the law firm agreed to was redacted from documents, dividing the amount billed by the number of hours listed on the September invoice shows that lead attorney Cotton's fee is likely $685 an hour.
Other members of the firm are working on the case, invoices show, with varying hourly fees.
Butler noted in his Feb. 27 memo that the university typically pays around $363 an hour to outside legal firms, “considerably less” than Mintz Levin's fee.
“The board does not wish to deny you the ability to work with the attorney of your choice, however, we also believe it is prudent and responsible to limit the scope of representation,” Butler wrote.
Butler went on to set a $50,000 limit on the fees the board would be willing to pay. He added then that expenses over $19,999 would have to go out to bid.
At a May 28 Executive Committee meeting, trustees first approved paying up to $50,000 for Baker's legal defense in what is believed to be the executive inspector general investigation. The authorized amount has continued to grow, and a purchase order dated Sept. 29 now authorizes spending up to $225,000.
The lawyers apparently have generated a mountain of paperwork – they have billed for almost $7,000 in copying fees, including a July invoice that charged $1,220 for color copying and an August bill that included $5,500 to print “OEIG documents from disk.”
Butler said Dec. 10 that NIU has a duty to pay to defend its leader.
“The university is obligated to indemnify its employees,” Butler said, “particularly its senior officers, when they believe that the representation is warranted, based on the services that they provided the university.”
By September, some financial documents authorizing payments to Mintz Levin included a disclaimer that the payment requests were exempt from some state procurement rules because they had to do with “contracts necessary to prepare for anticipated litigation, enforcement actions or investigations.”
NIU may not be paying the attorney's bills lately because of the state budget impasse. While the law firm's contract indicated that it would penalize for nonpayment, NIU financial documents indicate that a state law allows payments to stop without penalty if the General Assembly fails to appropriate “sufficient funds.”
Employee's wife complained
The scrutiny could be the result of a series of complaints filed by the wife of a high-ranking employee currently on leave.
Sharon May, an NIU alumna and wife of Keith Jackson, a university controller on paid administrative leave, said she has sent over a dozen complaints to the OEIG in an effort to blow the whistle on some practices.
“First off, I didn't like the way they brought in [NIU President Doug] Baker. And soon as he started walking all over everybody, I didn't like that,” May said. “I have filed numerous complaints. I don't know what the OEIG is actually investigating.”
May's husband, Jackson, has filed a civil rights lawsuit against NIU, which claims he fell out of favor with Baker when he refused to sign off on the way the university wanted to set up the hiring contract for former CFO Nancy Suttenfield. He is seeking his job back along with damages.
Jackson has been paid his $150,677 annual salary and benefits despite not having worked at NIU since May 2014. He will continue to be paid until February, officials have said.
Among other complaints May said she submitted was one about a forensic accounting company that NIU hired during the time her husband served as chief financial officer.
It may never be revealed what the OEIG is looking into, but trustees and others in the public are mindful of the expense NIU is incurring as a result of the inquiry.
“I share, with Trustee [Cherilyn] Murer, a sensitivity to the cost,” Butler said at the board's Dec. 10 meeting. “We are asking that the president use his judgment to determine what is necessary in exercising his legal rights in this matter.”
Back to previous page
Border-patrol drones being borrowed by other agencies more often than previously known
Federal, state and local law enforcement agencies are increasingly borrowing border-patrol drones for domestic surveillance operations, newly released records show, a harbinger of what is expected to become the commonplace use of unmanned aircraft by police.
Customs and Border Protection, which has the largest U.S. drone fleet of its kind outside the Defense Department, flew nearly 700 such surveillance missions on behalf of other agencies from 2010 to 2012, according to flight logs released recently in response to Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil-liberties group.
The records show that the border-­patrol drones are being commissioned by other agencies more often than previously known. Most of the missions are performed for the Coast Guard, the Drug Enforcement Administration and immigration authorities. But they also aid in disaster relief and in the search for marijuana crops, methamphetamine labs and missing persons, among other missions not directly related to border protection.
Because they have sophisticated cameras and can remain in flight for many hours at a time, drones create novel privacy challenges. Civil libertarians have argued that these aircraft could lead to persistent visual surveillance of Americans on private property. Government lawyers have argued, however, that there is no meaningful legal distinction between the use of unmanned and piloted aircraft for surveillance.
Hundreds of missions
The issue has become a hot topic in Congress; the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on the subject Wednesday.
For now, drone flights in the United States are tightly restricted for safety reasons. Other than the military, Customs and Border Protection is one of the few agencies permitted by the Federal Aviation Administration to fly unmanned aircraft on a daily basis within the country's borders.
As a result, Customs and Border Protection is facing heavy demand to fly its unarmed drones to benefit other law enforcement agencies that lack their own.
In 2010, for example, Customs and Border Protection conducted 76 drone missions for other agencies. The next year, that number quadrupled, and it remained at nearly the same level in 2012.
Although the border agency has acknowledged that it flies drones for other law-enforcement departments, it has revealed little about the number and precise nature of the missions.
All told, Customs and Border Protection flew 687 drone missions for other agencies from 2010 to 2012, according to the records provided to the San Francisco-­based Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Last summer, the border agency released a batch of records indicating that it had flown fewer than 500 missions during that period. Officials offered no explanation for why the earlier release of documents was incomplete.
Congress has directed the FAA to gradually open the national airspace to public and commercial drone traffic in the coming years. In the meantime, however, there is a huge, unfed appetite among police agencies for drones and their powerful surveillance tools, which include infrared cameras and specialized radar.
Customs and Border Protection has a fleet of 10 unarmed Predator B drones. They are virtually identical to an Air Force drone known as the Reaper. Both are manufactured by General Atomics, a major drone producer based in Southern California.
The FBI and other federal law enforcement agencies have their own drones, but they are more rudimentary than those operated by Customs and Border Protection. The Defense Department is prohibited from using its drones in the United States for law enforcement
David V. Aguilar, who was the acting chief of Customs and Border Protection until he retired last year, said calls for surveillance help from other agencies began to jump as word got out about the drones' capabilities.
“As the other entities found out we were able to fly, and where we were able to fly, the requests started to come up,” said Aguilar, who is a partner at Global Security & Intelligence Strategies, a Washington-based consulting firm.
He said the requests were granted only if there was a pressing law enforcement purpose or a public safety emergency. “There was a sensitivity attached to this,” he said.
Customs and Border Protection flies its drones within a 25-mile-wide corridor along the nation's northern and southern borders, as well as over the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
Jenny Burke, a spokeswoman for the agency, said 95 percent of its drone flights “are devoted to CBP's border security mission.” She said that the drones are sometimes deployed in support of federal disaster-response efforts and that they can be used to provide aerial mapping of flood zones and storm-stricken areas.
Sophisticated sensors
The logs, which were heavily redacted before being released, detail hundreds of missions and attempted missions. In every case, the name of the government agency borrowing the drones was blacked out, but CBP officials separately provided overall totals of how often various agencies used its drones.
The sensors mounted on the drones, records show, often were equipped with radar technology capable of detecting movement on the ground. The drone logs record many uses of a surveillance system called VADER, for Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radar, to spot individual people and vehicles, though its reliability varied.
When one agency used a drone to check out reports of “a launching device” that shot bundles of contraband between homes on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border, the drone detected “no suspicious activity” during its flight in May 2012.
Yet in other cases, the drones watched drugs move across the border in backpacks, speedboats, pickup trucks and river rafts. In June 2012, a drone equipped with VADER spotted a truck south of the border installing a temporary ramp over a fence. A silver Chevrolet Suburban SUV soon drove over the ramp, clearing the fence, in full view of the drone. Agents alerted to the activity recovered 2,317 pounds of marijuana.
Jennifer Lynch, a senior staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, expressed frustration that CBP officials would not release the names of sheriff departments for which the agency flew drones. She also expressed concern about policies allowing for indefinite retention of video feeds and other data collected during flights related to investigations.
“We don't know what's happening with that data, and that creates a bigger privacy risk,” Lynch said.
Editor's note: This is part of a series of features this week that look back at the biggest news trends of 2014.
The last few years of the previous console generation were generally pretty bleak. The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 had been on the market for the better part of a decade, hardware and software sales were plummeting, and some felt innovation was falling by the wayside as developers eagerly looked for fresh platforms to spark creativity. Indeed, Ubisoft chief executive Yves Guillemot was one among a number of key voices at publishers who felt that the console cycle had dragged on past its welcome.
"We need new consoles and at the end of the cycle generally the market goes down because there are less new IPs, new properties, so that damaged the industry a little bit," he said at the end of 2012
Fast forward to this holiday season, and it would seem that the calls for new consoles to revive the business were largely accurate. Looking back at 2014, it's clear that excitement for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One drove the AAA market. In every NPD Group report we covered, hardware sales skyrocketed as consumers simply couldn't get enough of the new consoles. Microsoft has shipped 10 million Xbox One units as of November, while Sony's PS4 installed base is close to 14 million now. By comparison, during their respective first years, the Xbox 360 sold fewer than 8 million units and PS3 had shipped around 10.5 million.
The difference between the seventh and eighth generations of course is that Nintendo's console platform suffered a precipitous drop. While the original Wii caught lightning in a bottle and soared to 20 million units in its first year alone, the Wii U - now completing its second year on the market - has yet to even reach half that figure (sitting at 7.29 million as of the end of September). That said, even Nintendo is now feeling some momentum and analysts are expecting it'll have its best holiday in years , driven by Super Smash Bros., Mario Kart 8 and new revenue sources like Amiibo.
"The landscape is changing, and the platform is becoming the retailer itself, much to the chagrin of companies like GameStop"
On the software side - at least in terms of the AAA market - Guillemot's hope that new consoles would drive more successful new IPs has proven partially accurate. While we've seen commercial successes like Watch Dogs, Bungie's Destiny, EA's Titanfall and a solid showing from Insomniac with Sunset Overdrive, there were others that performed average at best - Knack, Ryse, etc. - and the rest of the market has been saturated with the same AAA franchises we've grown accustomed to (Assassin's Creed, Call of Duty, Forza, Dragon Age, Far Cry and more). The good news is that anticipated new IP like Evolve, No Man's Sky, The Order 1886, Bloodborne, The Division, and Quantum Break, to name a few, is still coming.
The bad news is that console software no longer "just works." In the old days, you'd choose console over PC because you knew that when you put in that cartridge or disc, it would boot up and you'd be playing shortly (longer load times notwithstanding) without significant errors. Now, with eighth generation consoles more connected than ever before, you're often confronted with day one patches, mandatory updates to make anything playable online, and even then you may run into problems, as evidenced by the troubles encountered by Drive Club, Assassin's Creed Unity, Master Chief Collection and more. This is really the subject of a separate editorial, but if publishers continue to ship broken products, they should at least treat them like unfinished games and charge far less, effectively beta testing with users similar to Steam's Early Access.
The more exciting element of the new consoles essentially being always-on is that digital gaming is reaching new heights. On the AAA side you can buy any major release digitally on day one, and indeed digital sales are becoming a larger and larger portion of a title's total. Some of the year's top games took in 20 percent or more in digital receipts - and that's great news for publishers who receive higher margins on digital sales. The landscape is changing, and the platform is becoming the retailer itself, much to the chagrin of companies like GameStop.
On top of the AAA business, Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo have all made great strides in bolstering their digital storefronts, offering numerous titles on a smaller scale, often from indies. Sony, most of all, has capitalized beautifully on this, luring in indies and grabbing the attention of gamers with free games as part of PlayStation Plus. The focus on indies has not only helped to diversify consoles' offerings in the early part of this console generation, but it's also served to offset some of the gaps left by the still-in-development or delayed AAA IP.
"260 million units is hardly small potatoes, and ultimately, if you make a unique and innovative console game you can still be incredibly successful without chasing the mobile scene"
So where do consoles go from here? Needless to say, judging Xbox One and PS4 on just one year of sales isn't going to tell us where they'll be in five or six years. But barring a major surge in 2015 and beyond, it doesn't look like the eighth generation will significantly outperform the prior generation. In fact, Wedbush Securities' Michael Pachter expects around 240-260 million consoles to be sold when it's all said and done. The Xbox 360, PS3 and Wii combined for 260 million, so the eighth generation ultimately could see flat sales. "So it's not a growth industry. For everyone in this room not chasing that market, you're going to be fine. The market is going to get a lot bigger, just not on console," he said at the recent Game Monetization conference in San Francisco.
Indeed, the overall gaming pie will be getting much, much bigger, thanks to the booming mobile/tablet sector. A new IDC Research report points out that the smartphone and tablet gaming installed base has topped 1 billion in 2014 . So consoles obviously are becoming more of a "niche" market, but that's not really a fair word either. 260 million units is hardly small potatoes, and ultimately, if you make a unique and innovative console game you can still be incredibly successful without chasing the mobile scene.
In 2014, consoles put their foot down, shouting "I'm still here and I'm not going anywhere!" It remains to be seen how they'll fare over the long haul, but memory constraints on devices and bandwidth troubles online will make it difficult for them to be replaced by any phone, tablet or streaming service any time soon. Moreover, if virtual reality does begin to take off, consoles could have another exciting avenue to pursue as we've seen with Project Morpheus (no expensive gaming PC rig required). And perhaps then motion controls like Kinect and Move, which - let's face it - were essentially swept under the rug in 2014 will be given new life as VR accessories.
John Oliver Highlights The Ridiculousness Of Corporate Sovereignty Provisions
from the good-for-him dept
Now countries can try to counteract the influence of that kind of marketing, but if tobacco companies feel threatened, they'll put them through legal hell. Let me take you on a world tour of how they attack laws intended to protect public health, because it's kind of amazing.
Let's start in Australia. In 2011, they passed a plain packaging law, and what that means is this. [Shows (fair use!) news clip describing required packaging of cigarettes with no branding, and scary health pictures]. Australia's plain packaging law bans tobacco company branding from packaging and replaced it with upsetting photos, such as the toe tag on a corpse, the cancerous mouth, the nightmarish eyeball, or the diseased lung. Now, yes, I'm pretty sure I'd find a healthy lung disgusting, but, that thing does look like you're trying to breathe through baked ziti, so [instructing staff] take it down! Just take it down!
Perhaps unsurprisingly, since this law was implemented, total consumption of tobacco cigarettes in Australia fell to record lows and... nightmares about eyeballs have risen to record highs. [Instructing staff] Take it down! Take down the demon eye!
To get these laws, though, Australia has had to run a gamut of lawsuits. First, two tobacco companies sued Australia in its highest court to stop them. The result, was a little surprising, as Australia's attorney general let everyone know. [Shows clip of AG announcing not just the victory, but Big Tobacco having to pay the government's legal fees.] Yes! Score one for the little guy! Even if that little guy is the sixth largest country in the world by landmass.
And the tobacco companies didn't just lose. The judges called their case "delusive," "unreal and synthetic" and said their case had "fatal defects." ....
But Australia's legal troubles were just beginning. Because then, Philip Morris Asia got involved. [Shows clips of a news report saying Philip Morris considering using ISDS provisions to take the Australian government to a tribunal claiming it lowered the value of the company's trademarks].
That's right. A company was able to sue a country over a public health measure, through an international court. How the fuck is that possible? Well, it's really a simple explanation. They did it by digging up a 1993 trade agreement between Australia and Hong Kong which had a provision that said Australia couldn't seize Hong Kong-based companies' property. So, nine months before the lawsuits started, PMI put its Australian business in the hands of its Hong Kong-based Philip Morris Asia division, and then they sued, claiming that the "seized property" in question, were the trademarks on their cigarette packages.
And you've got to give it to them: that's impressive. Someone should really give those lawyers a pat on the back... and a punch in the face. But, a pat on the back first. Pat, then punch. Pat, punch....
Okay, I know that it's become something of a cliche for blogs and news sites to repost John Oliver clips , but dammit, if the guy doesn't keep on covering the types of stories that we normally cover around here. I mean, Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart used to touch on related topics maybe once every six months or so, whereas Oliver seems to hit on a Techdirt-worthy topic basically every other week (so often we don't get to all of them!). This past week, he did his big segment on the nasty games that Big Tobacco plays around the globe to market its products to just about everyone. Yes, in the US, most cigarette advertising is blocked, but Big Tobacco has just shifted to more vulnerable populations around the globe. That topic, by itself, isn't directly in Techdirt's wheelhouse -- but in the middle of the segment, there's a discussion about corporate sovereignty, and specifically the use by Big Tobacco of "investor state dispute settlement" (ISDS) provisions to allow the big tobacco companies to sue countries for daring to try to regulate cigarettes, advertising or packaging.The segment on corporate sovereignty starts at around 6 minutes, right after showing examples of ridiculous tobacco commercials that are shown around the globe:He then goes on to point out how Big Tobacco further got three otherto file complaints with the World Trade Organization (WTO) against Australia, claiming the plain packaging law violates trade agreements: Honduras, Dominican Republic and Ukraine. Oliver then shows a clip noting that Ukraine does not have any tobacco tradewith Australia, showing how ridiculous the WTO claim is.Next, he shows how Big Tobacco is sending threatening letters to other countries, like Uruguay, Togo and Namibia for considering health regulations around tobacco products, even going so far as to totally misrepresent the total loss of its lawsuit in Australia, pretending that it was a victory. Oliver's researchers got letters that Big Tobacco sent these countries, threatening "an incalculable amount of international trade litigation."There's even more in the video -- though it would be great if Oliver also took on the fact that these kinds of ISDS/corporate sovereignty agreements are at the heart of key trade agreements currently being negotiatedby the US and much of the rest of the world in both the TPP agreement and the TTIP agreement.It's because of stories like this that we're so concerned about these corporate sovereignty provisions. Defenders insist they're necessary to stop countries from absconding with assets built by foreign companies and investors, but that risk tends to be fairly limited, compared to how these agreements are actually being used: to allow corporations to effectively step in and block regulations designed to protect the public.
Filed Under: australia, big tobacco, cigarettes, corporate sovereignty, isds, john oliver, tobacco, togo, uruguay
Companies: philip morris
Monday through Thursday, at 8PM | 7C, AMC presents Story Notes — real-time on-air trivia about your favorite movies. Tonight's movie was Top Gun.
Automotive Note
The Kawasaki Ninja 900 was then the fastest bike in production. Top Gun made it famous.
Charlie's car is a 1957 Porsche 356 Speedster. 356s also appear in 48 Hrs. and Bullitt.
Beauty Note
One scene was filmed six months after the movie wrapped. Kelly McGillis's hat is hiding her different hairstyle. Tom Cruise's hair was different, too; that's why he's just leaving the shower.
Biography Notes
Director Tony Scott was hired because he filmed an ad of a car racing a jet, similar to one scene. This was his second feature. He went on to direct hits like Crimson Tide and Enemy of the State.
Tom Skerritt was also in Alien, directed by Scott's older brother, Ridley.
Top Gun transformed Cruise from a young actor to an international star. He was only 23.
Casting Notes
From the very beginning, the filmmakers wanted Cruise for Maverick. He kept turning it down until Jerry Bruckheimer arranged for a ride along with the Blue Angels.
That's Anthony Edwards as Goose. He'd just come off starring in Revenge of the Nerds. Years later, he became a household name on the hit TV show ER.
Did you catch a glimpse of Merlin? That was Tim Robbins.
Actor John Stockwell works behind the camera as well. He directed Blue Crush and Turistas, among several other features.
James Tolkan is best known as Mr. Strickland in the Back to the Future movies.
The instructor is Michael Ironside. The director describes him as “tough, angry, and Canadian.” He's made a career of playing villains (Total Recall, Scanners) and soldiers (Starship Troopers).
Skerritt is probably best known now for his TV work on Picket Fences and Cheers.
Actor Val Kilmer was just starting out when cast in Top Gun. He went on to play Jim Morrison in The Doors and Doc Holliday in Tombstone.
McGillis was cast because the producers loved her in 1985's Witness.
Rick Rossovich went on to star in Roxanne and the TV series Pacific Blue.
Meg Ryan was coming off her role as Betsy Stewart on the daytime soap As the World Turns. When Harry Met Sally and major movie stardom was still three years away.
Maverick's new RIO is played by Clarence Gilyard Jr., known for his role in Walker, Texas Ranger. He played Walker's friend, James Trivette.
Fashion Note
Producers knew Top Gun was big when leather jackets and white shirts became in again.
Finance Notes
Top Gun was the No. 1 movie of 1986, making over $170 million in the U.S. alone. It was so popular it stayed in some theaters for an entire year.
In 1986, jet fuel was pretty cheap — about $1 a gallon. Paramount still paid $10,000 an hour every time they went up to film an F-14, though.
An F-14 costs at least $18 million. So that's a lot of taxpayer dough.
History Notes
The Officers' Club was the place to go in San Diego for local girls to meet fighter pilots. Until the mid-eighties, some of those local girls were actually strippers.
Maverick's father is based on an actual WWII and Korean War pilot killed in an F-9 crash. The pilot's son, call sign Wizard, was also a Topgun fighter pilot like Maverick.
Topgun was established to curb the high casualty rates of American fighter pilots during Vietnam.
Instructors wouldn't score oceanfront property anymore. Topgun moved to Nevada in 1996.
There were two historical incidents in the eighties that are similar to the deployment. Both involved American F-14 clashes with Libyan jets over the Gulf of Sidra.
In 1986, the F-14 was the best fighter jet in the world. The U.S. Navy used it from 1970 to 2006. Today, Topgun pilots fly the F/A-18 Hornet and F/A-18 Super Hornet.
Love Notes
Maverick and Charlie have chemistry, but in real life McGillis fell for Wolfman (Barry Tubb), literally. Tubb: “She fell down in the middle of the street, and she had my heart.”
Ryan and Edwards actually became an item after filming concluded.
Pop-Culture Notes
For the decade after Vietnam, war movies were anti-military. Top Gun reversed that. It helped that Reagan was in the White House and America was feeling patriotic again.
The high-five-low-five move became a popular thing after Top Gun was released. There's even an Only High-five Top Gun Style group on Facebook with almost 10,000 members.
At Topgun today, there's a $5 fine for anyone on staff who references or quotes the movie.
Ray-Ban sunglasses had a spike in sales in 1986, thanks to Top Gun. The same thing happened three years earlier, with Risky Business.
Yahoo! Movie calls Top Gun the nineteenth-best action film ever, and it's still making news. In 2011, the Chinese government broadcast Top Gun footage, claiming it was the Chinese air force.
Paramount actually has proposed a sequel to Top Gun with Cruise in a cameo role as an instructor.
Scott calls Top Gun the “purest form of escapism” and says it “mainlines entertainment.” It went on to define the blockbusters of the eighties the same way Jaws did for the seventies.
Quotation Notes
Writer Jack Epps Jr. says not to let “truth get in the way of a good movie.”
Real pilots say you have to believe that you're the best in the sky to maintain an edge.
Edwards says, “A lot of the humor was discovered at the moment. The script was skeletal.”
Kilmer: “The only egos bigger than actors are rock stars. And the only people beyond that are fighter pilots.”
Epps Jr. says, “Dogfighting isn't just flying; it's physical. It's one of the greatest sporting events in the world.”
Ironside: “‘Jester's dead. Hee-haw.' I must have heard it 100,000 times.”
Scott says Goose was “always the buddy.” He provided a nice contrast to Maverick and Iceman.
Epps Jr. says that until Top Gun movies “hadn't portrayed fighter pilots as real people.”
Scott says Ryan breaks his heart.
Scott thought McGillis was collegial, smart, and had a “mental maturity” about her.
Top Gun songwriter Kenny Loggins says the movie has an “eighties John Wayne attitude.”
Script Notes
The original idea for Top Gun came from a magazine article about fighter pilots. Bruckheimer says the goal was to make “Star Wars on earth.”
There isn't really a Topgun plaque. It was created to give the characters a competition.
Producers based Charlie on a civilian who worked for the Center for Naval Analyses. She was originally going to be in the Navy, but they don't allow dating between officers.
Epps Jr. says “losing Goose was a tough choice.” But it needed to happen to sell the emotional story of the movie.
Cruise says Maverick was the first character he ever played who was “larger than life.” It was also the first time he'd been involved from the early stages, helping with the script.
Set Notes
Iceman's cough was totally improvised on the spot by Kilmer.
All of the actors playing pilots went on actual F-14 hops except for Kilmer, who refused. Edwards was the only one who made it through without getting sick.
Scott wanted all visual effects in the movie to have a “documentary realism.” So they hired documentary cameramen to film all the effects footage.
No pilot in the history of Miramar had actually buzzed the tower, but they all wanted to.
Cruise and Kilmer never interacted off set. So their onscreen tension came naturally.
Cruise and McGillis almost never stand side by side in Top Gun. McGillis is taller, so she acted mostly in bare feet while Cruise wore lifts.
Scott had only a few minutes to film the famous sex scene. Scott: “I'm good at shooting sex scenes.”
Edwards had no idea he was going to sing and pretend to play piano in one scene. Scott was listening to Lee Lewis that morning and added it in last minute.
Scott loved to film the jets at dawn so he could capture the beautiful natural light. Producer Don Simpson said the first cut of the movie “felt like one long sunset.”
Cruise was the only actor to get his actual flying footage in the final cut of the film. In his F-14 hops, Cruise went twice the speed of sound, or 1,536 miles per hour.
The production built an almost-perfect F-14 cockpit just from photocopies of the manual.
There are some actual Topgun pilots as extras in the graduation scene.
The MiG pilots were played by actual Topgun instructors.
The Navy let them film two missiles, which were reused in several scenes.
Symbolism Note
Maverick is both literally and figuratively boxes up his memories of Goose. Compartmentalization is the way the Navy teaches pilots to stay focused on their missions.
Technology Note
One sequence was filmed using F-14 models being dropped from a ladder. Some were literally bought off the shelves at a nearby store.
Trivia Notes
Top Gun would have been impossible to film without the Navy's jets, carriers, and cooperation. It paid off for them. The Navy set up booths outside theaters, and recruitment went up 500 percent.
MiG is a Russian aircraft company similar to Boeing or Lockheed Martin in the U.S. The MiG-28 isn't a real MiG jet, though. Those are F-5s, chosen because they look sinister.
As Maverick's RIO (radar intercept officer), Goose is in charge of most of the jet's electronics.
Air-to-air combat usually takes place in an egg-shaped fighting arena around five miles wide. Topgun pilots attack in pairs, which is an old dogfighting move called “loose deuce.”
Pilots fear landing on a carrier at night, comparing it to blindly landing on a postage stamp.
The commanding officer of a ship is called the CO. He is the voice of experience onboard. A CO usually sends a single two-man crew to Topgun every two years.
A fighter pilot can't give himself a call name; it has to be chosen for him.
The real Topgun doesn't hold classes in hangars. They hold them in actual classrooms.
The locker-room scenes were added to drive home that this is really a sport movie.
400 knots equals 460 miles per hour.
The Sidewinder is an infrared homing weapon that entered production in the mid-fifties. An F-14 can carry up to four Sidewinders.
The locker room is one of the only places pilots can talk freely without worrying about rank.
A flat spin creates a low-pressure area and stalls the canopy when ejected. Producers wanted a midair crash but based this accident on a real-life incident instead.
Green dye helps rescuers find a downed pilot in the ocean.
If a pilot has a midair accident, it is reviewed, but it's not this formal. It's called “going in front of the green table” because they used to cover it with green felt.
Every pilot has a room dedicated to his accomplishments. It's called the Love Me room.
Approximately 48 students graduate from Topgun every year.
Topgun doesn't deploy pilots. They'd get that info from their squadrons after they left.
During takeoff, steam-powered catapults send a jet from 0 to 165 miles per hour in two seconds.
Technically, a “bogey” is any radar contact, but usually it's an unknown aircraft or enemy. An enemy aircraft is also called a “bandit.”
The Navy doesn't have that many planes, so they're usually outnumbered by enemy aircraft. The Air Force might send in twenty airplanes whereas the Navy could send in only four.
“Jet wash” is a plane's exhaust. An F-14's engines can stall if it flies through jet wash. That's what caused Maverick to lose control when Goose died.
The movie never mentions where the MiGs are from. The Navy didn't want to upset any nation. Pilots don't train facing a certain military anyway. They train for equipment and tactics.
The odds of taking machine-gun fire and continuing to fly are pretty slim.
An aileron roll looks pretty cool but tactically doesn't do much.
There aren't many MiG kills, so when a pilot shoots down an enemy it's a big deal. Tech adviser Pete Pettigrew: “It's just like this. Everybody's screaming. It's really wonderful.”
Jimmy Russell is one of the great legends of bourbon. Under his care, Wild Turkey has become of the world's major bourbon brands and a leader in the rye whiskey boom. Russell is part of a generation of distillers who include such legends as Booker Noe from Jim Beam, Parker Beam at Heaven Hill, and Bill Samuels at Maker's Mark. Jimmy Russell wasn't born into the business (he joined Wild Turkey at the encouragement of his wife who worked there), and he didn't start as the distiller – he worked his way up through the company, learning all the aspects of bourbon production. While Jimmy Russell is a legend, he's probably the last person to ever acknowledge it. Russell is charming and understated. He has a way of slyly telling you something, and always seems to be enjoying whatever he's talking about.
But don't let Jimmy Russell's charming demeanor fool you: when it comes to bourbon, he's one of the toughest men behind the still. Russell is famous for being uncompromising. As Wild Turkey has changed corporate ownership over the years, Russell has managed to keep his clear vision and maintain the core of what Wild Turkey is. In the early 1980s many of the bourbon companies produced products to appeal to the increasing vodka market. Most notably, Four Roses put out a light blended whiskey in hopes to attract the vodka drinker. While other bourbons were trying to crack the soft and easy code, Jimmy Russell stuck to his guns and kept Wild Turkey at its high 101 proof strength. It helped establish the spirit as “the kickin' chicken,” a tougher and spicier whiskey. Although that reputation persists, Wild Turkey is actually much richer and more balanced than many other bourbons on the market, and one of the most underrated bourbons on the market.
In addition to fostering Wild Turkey's success, Jimmy Russell is also a pioneer in the rye whiskey category. Before the current rye whiskey boom, rye whiskey wasn't considered a hot commodity. As such, many of the bourbon distillers didn't do much with rye. Jimmy Russell recognized the great flavors and aromas that rye brings to the equation and used it generously in his Wild Turkey mashbill. Wild Turkey also famously released a 101 proof Rye which is often credited as being a key rye used by craft bartenders that helped kick off the rye whiskey boom. For Jimmy Russell, the real landmark accomplishment with rye is his Russell's Reserve 6 Year Rye, arguably the definitive rye whiskey release.
Drink Spirits had the great opportunity to sit down and interview Jimmy Russell. Russell spoke about the rye whiskey boom, what age he feels whiskey is best consumed at, and how Wild Turkey has blossomed and grown over the years. We hope you enjoy watching one of the great men in bourbon.
Watch our Interview with Jimmy Russell
AlphaGo
Computer go bot developed by Google DeepMind.
Algorithm
Combines MCTS with two neural networks: a policy network and a value network.
DeepMind published the algorithm in the journal Nature: https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/alphago/AlphaGoNaturePaper.pdf
Accomplishments
October 2015 - First AI program to defeat a professional player on a 19x19 board without any handicap. This was against the French player Fan Hui (2p) who lost 0-5[1].
March 2016 - Defeated Lee Sedol 4-1 in a 5-game match with a prize purse of one million USD. AlphaGo won the first three games by resignation. Then, in the fourth game, Lee Sedol played a tesuji in the centre that led to victory after it had looked like AlphaGo had been winning in the opening. AlphaGo made several clear mistakes before resigning, showing how its policy networks are susceptible to over-valuing forcing moves if they lead to a higher perceived winning percentage. In a close match, Lee resigned the fifth game, giving a final score of 4-1 for AlphaGo. Lee had been winning early in the game after AlphaGo could not correctly read out a two-stone edge squeeze and made a mistake locally, but later in the game he neglected to play a more aggressive extension in the upper part of the board, instead preferring to play safe and make eye shape. When Lee resigned, AlphaGo was estimated to be winning by about 2.5 points, with 7.5 komi under Chinese scoring.
December 2016-January 2017 - Defeated top pro players 60 times in a row online, playing anonymously as "Master". A 61st game was called off because AlphaGo's opponent disconnected. The games were played with short time controls on Tygem and FoxGo ?. It seems clear that AlphaGo is now superhuman at the game of Go, and pros probably need to take at least a 2 stone handicap to be even with it.
May 2017 - Defeated Ke Jie 3-0 in a 3-game match during the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China.
[1] These are the results of the five formal games with longer time controls. Five informal games with shorter time controls were also played and Fan Hui won two of them by resignation (see Silver et al. 2016; p. 493). The kifu of the formal games seem to be available at page 488 (op. cit.).
AlphaGo vs. Lee Sedol Challenge match 2016
External Links
Nature News http://www.nature.com/news/google-ai-algorithm-masters-ancient-game-of-go-1.19234
http://www.nature.com/news/google-ai-algorithm-masters-ancient-game-of-go-1.19234 Silver et al., "Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search," Nature 529, 484-489 (2016) http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v529/n7587/full/nature16961.html
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v529/n7587/full/nature16961.html Google DeepMind http://deepmind.com/alpha-go.html
AlphaGo quick online games against many professionals 2016/2017
Between 2016-12-29 and 2017-01-05 AlphaGo played games under aliases Magist and Master(P) on Tygem and Foxy servers against tens of professional players, among them the highest ranking players of the time Ke Jie 9p and Park Junghwan 9p. This collection consists of 60 games which all AlphaGo won (except one in which opponent connection was lost and is marked as tie).
60 Games and commentaries
SGF collection of 60 games by Marcel Grünauer http://rechne.net/dl/the_master_files.zip or as pdf: https://www.mindo.io/alphago_60_games.pdf
Games 1-41 could be viewed on browser at http://www.go-baduk-weiqi.de/masterp-schlaegt-go-profis/ (German site) and games 42-60 http://www.go-baduk-weiqi.de/masterp-alias-mastergo-spielt-60zu0/ (in German)
Here are commentaries or analysis by various people on game by game (player names fixed per https://www.reddit.com/r/baduk/comments/5ozzp7/complete_list_of_masters_opponents/ ).
01 2016-12-29 Magist - (manhan7(P)) Pan Tingyu (潘亭宇)
English, video, Tyler Oyakawa ~3D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABRLrxT9dkw&t=126s
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z1aRyynaBI
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/master01_NNannotated.sgf
02 2016-12-29 Magist - (bandari(P)) Zhang Ziliang
English, video, Tyler Oyakawa ~3D Who is Master(P) #2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bUu2XFLxWw
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ8d_KTKZ-Q
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/master02_NN_annotated.sgf
03 2016-12-29 (ShengR(P)) Ding Shixiong - Magist
04 2016-12-29 Magist - (wohu(P)) Xie Erhao
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jGkC9jeU5s
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/master04_Xie_Erhao.sgf
05 2016-12-29 (trace(P)) Yu Zhiying - Magist
English, video, Brady Daniels ~3d, AlphaGo - Whatever You Do Is Wrong, https://youtu.be/6rB2cYOeppQ
06 2016-12-29 ( AoXiang ?(P)) Li Xiangyu - Magist
07 2016-12-29 (cfs(P)) Qiao Zhijian - Magist
08 2016-12-29 Magist - (3qiKing(P)) Han Yizhou
09 2016-12-29 (Hopeldo(P)) Meng Tailing - Magist
Chinese video, ??, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoPpCQgB4BY (no longer available?)
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZW_HXg714s
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/master09_Meng_Tailing.sgf
10 2016-12-30 Magist - (Hopeldo(P)) Meng Tailing
Chinese video, Mi Yuting 9p (is it he?), https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqUgsydtO_Y (no longer available?)
11 2016-12-30 Master - ( FengYu ?(P)) Chen Hao
12 2016-12-30 Master - (atomy(P)) Liu Yuhang ==== (this really is #13)
English, video, Tyler Oyakawa ~3D Who is Master(P)? #3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zuBPi9BjLo
13 2016-12-30 Master - (YuSSSS(P)) Wang Haoyang ==== (this really is #12)
14 2016-12-30 (Chop(P)) Yan Zaiming - Master
15 2016-12-30 Magister - (XIUZHI(P)) Park Junghwan
16 2016-12-30 Master - (lxlx(P)) Lian Xiao
English, video, Brady Daniels ~3d, Appreciating AlphaGo, https://youtu.be/YtQM8fx87PU
17 2016-12-30 Master - (lxlx(P)) Lian Xiao
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BCcxfyvh1w
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/master17_Lian_Xiao.sgf
18 2016-12-30 (Kiss88(P)) Ke Jie - Master
English, video, Haylee 4p, Haylee's World of Go/Baduk, AlphaGo's Online Game Review 1 - Ke Jie, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_24iaUMRFs
English, text comments in SGF viewer, 6d, https://gokibitz.com/kifu/S16_4wYrg
Chinese, video, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrOuXGH3Jg8 (no longer available?)
English video, Jennie Shen 2p translating commentaries of Meng Tailing 6p and adding own analysis, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AqoP_N2WVU
19 2016-12-30 Master - (Kiss88(P)) Ke Jie
English, video, Haylee 4p, Haylee's World of Go/Baduk, AlphaGo's Online Game Review 2 - Ke Jie, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NR_K4oPtCU
20 2016-12-30 (XIUZHI(P)) Park Junghwan - Master
English, video, Haylee 4p, Haylee's World of Go/Baduk, AlphaGo's Online Game Review 3 - Park Junghwan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrOv9lqi4xE
Chinese video, Mi Yuting 9p with Meng Tailing 6p??, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52GT2XiptwU (no longer available?)
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D7h3ROQzAI
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/master15_ParkJunghwan_Master_Redmond.sgf
Remark: In the video and sgf-file the game is erroneously referred to as #15.
21 2016-12-31 Master - (Loong(P)) Chen Yaoye
22 2016-12-31 Master - (Loong(P)) Chen Yaoye
English video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5OKn2lWICk
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/RR08-master22_Master-Chen_Yaoye-2_final.sgf
23 2016-12-31 (abc2080(P)) Kim Junghyun - Master
English, video, Tyler Oyakawa ~3d(?), Who is Master(P)? #5 vs Kim Jiseok https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0KQ0z8Cxx4
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJh_EJcDx8Q
24 2016-12-31 (XIUZHI(P)) Park Junghwan - Master
English video, Jennie Shen 2p translating commentaries of Meng Tailing 6p and adding own analysis, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTbxf8-w6AE
25 2016-12-31 Master - (XIUZHI(P)) Park Junghwan
English, video, Haylee 4p, Haylee's World of Go/Baduk, AlphaGo's Online Game Review 4 - Park Junghwan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bO9CvC7lZ-o
English translated SGF, http://lifein19x19.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=215719#p215719
26 2016-12-31 (dauning(P)) Yun Chanhee - Master
English, video, Dwyrin 5d, AlphaGo vs Tygem - An 8p Falls to Master(P), https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9P8wG6b4-8
27 2016-12-31 (ddcg) Fan Tingyu - Master
English, video, Brady Daniels ~3d, AlphaGo - Whatever You Do Is Wrong, https://youtu.be/6rB2cYOeppQ?t=19m36s
28 2016-12-31 (Hopeldo(P)) Meng Tailing - Master
29 2016-12-31 Master - (Strive(P)) Mi Yuting
English translation, Mi Yuting 9p with Meng Tailing 6p, Text in SGF viewer in Forum, http://www.lifein19x19.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=215654#p215654
Chinese video, ??, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifKtZFGaO5k (no longer available?)
English video, Jennie Shen 2p translating commentaries of Meng Tailing 6p and adding own analysis, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0y7DUHzWOEg
30 2016-12-31 Master - (930115) Tang Weixing
Chinese video, Tang Weixing 9p with Meng Tailing 6p, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khOMKHTWOgw (no longer available?)
English subtitled video, Tang Weixing 9p and Meng Tailing 6p, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QupHEQbuc30
English video, Jennie Shen 2p translating commentaries of Meng Tailing 6p and adding own analysis, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7dJbrNPLZs
31 2017-01-01 (black2012) Li Qincheng - Master
English video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_LJnMlwPeQ
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/RR11-master31_Li_Qincheng-Master_final.sgf
32 2017-01-02 Master - (星宿老仙) Gu Li
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmH7ChHp6rM
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/2016.04.22_RR12-master32-Master-Gu_Li_kgs-variations04.03.sgf
33 2017-01-02 (星宿老仙) Gu Li - Master
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymgv3kdLLXg
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/RR13-master33_Gu_Li_02_annotated.sgf
34 2017-01-02 (jingjing) Dang Yifei - Master
35 2017-01-02 Master - (kuangren) Jiang Weijie
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vVe1pKmhQ4
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/RR14_master35_Jiang_Weijie_01_annotated-final.sgf
36 2017-01-02 (INDIANA13) Gu Zihao - Master
English video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWabLAkvpIQ
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/RR15_master36_Gu_Zihao_01_final.sgf
37 2017-01-02 (pyh) Park Yeonghun - Master
English video, Ryan Li 1p & Stephanie Yin 1p, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgPuGxqlQrY
38 2017-01-02 (天选) Tuo Jiaxi - Master
39 2017-01-02 (jpgo01) Iyama Yuta - Master
40 2017-01-02 Master - (愿我能) Meng Tailing
Chinese video, Mi Yuting 9p (is it he?), https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip4J4KT-ZWI (no longer available?)
41 2017-01-02 (airforce9) Kim Jiseok
Haylee: AlphaGo's Online Game Review 5 - Kim Jiseok : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on314lXDv9Q
42 2017-01-03 (smile) Yang Dingxin - Master
43 2017-01-03 (piaojie) Kang Dongyun - Master
44 2017-01-03 Master - (spinmove) An Sungjoon
45 2017-01-03 (leaf) Shi Yue - Master
English video, Ryan Li 1p & Stephanie Yin 1p, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ye-L4JdAxM
46 2017-01-03 Master - (剑过无声) Lian Xiao
47 2017-01-03 (段誉) Tan Xiao - Master
English video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYOQ2Xwpedg
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/RR16_master47_Tan_Xiao_FINAL.sgf
48 2017-01-03 Master - (maker) Park Junghwan
English, video, Nick Sibicky(4D) Go Lecture #233 - Alpha Go Strikes Back! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8Eh41m7gVA
English video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXsZGEqe1kA
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/2017.05.14_master48_Park_Jungwhan_final.sgf
49 2017-01-03 Master - (wonfun) Weon Seongjin
50 2017-01-03 Master - (潜伏) Ke Jie
English video, Simon Janin (3D) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqCSwmcJqlQ
English, video, Michael Redmond 9p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O375GjxwhhQ
Corresponding sgf-file with variations: http://www.usgo.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/2017.04.27_master-ke-jie51-kgscomments-final.sgf
51 2017-01-04 Master - (周俊勳) Zhou Junxun
52 2017-01-04 Master - (ykpcx) Fan Tingyu
53 2017-01-04 (kongm) Huang Yunsong - Master
54 2017-01-04 (聂卫平) Nie Weiping - Master
55 2017-01-04 Master - (谜团) Chen Yaoye
56 2017-01-04 (shadowpow) Cho Hanseung - Master
57 2017-01-04 (nparadigm) Shin Jinseo - Master
58 2017-01-04 Master - (小香馋猫) Chang Hao
59 2017-01-04 (Eason) Zhou Ruiyang - Master
60 2017-01-04 Master - (古力) Gu Li
News links on quick games
Yonhap News Agency S. Korean Go master says upgraded AlphaGo 'too strong' for humans http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2017/01/10/0200000000AEN20170110005500315.html
http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2017/01/10/0200000000AEN20170110005500315.html Korean JoongAng Daily, Learning from AlphaGo http://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/article/article.aspx?aid=3028376
AlphaGo Zero 2017
25-minute video of some of the 80 self-play games released of AlphaGo Zero against older AlphaGo Master version on YouTube: 1 2 3 4 5
See also
The public school system of Louisiana has been getting a failing grade for some time now. That's why Governor Bobby Jindal pushed a voucher program on his state. Considered to be the most sweeping voucher system in the country, it is costing Louisiana millions of dollars but is drawing bad reviews. Kevin Drum of Mother Jones wrote a great story about this voucher system last July. In it, he noted about the voucher movement:
“… (its Achilles heel is) its virulent opposition to holding private schools to the same standards as public schools. In some places this means not requiring students to take standardized tests at all, while in other places — like Louisiana — it means requiring the tests but not using them to evaluate how well schools are doing. In other words, they want taxpayer dollars without being accountable to taxpayers.
Let's add to that concern the fact that the voucher schools are almost exclusively religious in nature. Basically, these are private schools being funded by public money with no standards or accountability. Part of the agenda of voucher schools – at least for the religious ones – is indoctrination. You know, brainwashing.
Part of the brainwashing is done by the text books used by voucher schools. Especially history books. The “history” in these books is so biased as to be useless, or worse, damaging. Yee-haw! Let's teach the kids exactly what we want them to know, from our point of view, facts be damned!
John Aravosis of Americablog, has a list of examples from voucher school history books that turn the stomach. From teaching kids that the Ku Klux Klan was a benevolent, even helpful, organization to the fundie favorite of humans and dinosaurs living side-by-side, these books are loaded with patently false “history” and “science.” Which is not surprising when you look at who wrote and published these books…. oh, gee – Bob Jones University Press. I'm shocked! Shocked, I tell you!
As bad as those are, Mr. Aravosis' disgust is focused on a passage in a book entitled America: Land I Love, an eighth-grade “history” text. In a section on “The Hippies,” the book says:
“Many young people turned to drugs and immoral lifestyles; these became known as hippies. They went without bathing, wore dirty, ragged, unconventional clothing, and deliberately broke all codes of politeness or manners.” [Source]
In the early seventies, I was a young teenager who proudly called herself a hippie. But you know, I bathed. My clothes, while unconventional to a point (elephant bells, anyone?) were always clean and whole. I was never deliberately rude – I was raised by a Southern family and they don't do rude. I didn't take any drugs until I was 18 and out of my parental home. But wait, there's more!
“Rock music played an important part in the hippie movement and had great influence over the hippies. Many of the rock musicians they followed belonged to Eastern religious cults or practiced Satan worship.” [Source]
Okay now, part of that is correct – rock music did play an important part in the hippie “movement” and beyond. The music spoke about our ideals, the world we wanted to see, the things that concerned us and provided a soundtrack for us. Rock music is still very influential for me even as I enter my mid-50s. And what, exactly, is wrong with that? But the kicker is the mention of the musicians and their dabbling in Eastern religion and (gasp!) Satanism. Yes,the Beatles and a few others opened their minds with some meditation but Satan worship? Please! The use of certain symbols that the ignorant believe are associated with Satanism really have only one use: cash. Bands who used pentagrams and the like back in the day did so for the attention that it drew… and it worked, too!). Some, admittedly, used them because they didn't really know what they meant – they just looked cool. One of my musical icons wrote a letter to the Daily Texan in 1981, addressing the whole “satanic rock” nonsense:
“As one who knows many of these “demonic figures” personally, especially some of those mentioned in the article, the idea of some of these sold-out, burnt-out, cynical, strutting peacocks being so deeply and religiously committed to anything (save their “image” and chart numbers) is also a bit of a joke… These nameless mercenaries don't even demonstrate that kind of commitment in their music why on earth would they be bothered to go to all that trouble to put anything else into it? All they need (and care) to do is find a kind of the lowest common denominator of commercial “acceptability.” Yes, you Christian crypto-fascists, it is a joke! The only problem is – you're not laughing.” (Neil Peart, letter to Daily Texan, July 19, 1981)
It's amazing that certain segments of the population too often interpret things they disapprove of as being, in some way, satanic. That they write this bias into books from which they teach children is probably to be expected. But that taxpayer money is going to the schools that use these books is not. It is unconstitutional and must be stopped.
T. Steelman is a life-long Liberal. She has been writing online about politics since 2007. She lives in Western Washington with her husband, daughter, 2 cats and a small herd of alpacas. How can anybody be enlightened? Truth is, after all, so poorly lit…
Designed as a short range, ultra simple self defense pistol the Wiener Waffenfabrik “Little Tom” was the first double action semi-automatic pistol ever created. Made in .25ACP (6.35x16SR) and .32ACP (7.65×17 Browning SR) these were small pocket pistols such as were popular in much of Europe prior to the First World War.
Created by Czech firearms designer Alois Tomiska whilst he was living and working in Vienna, Austria, where he had learned his gun-smithing trade, Tomiska created this pistol around the year 1900.
The “Little Tom” gets its name from the name of its designer Tomiska. Typical of Austrian made firearms these handguns are well made and have a solid and well balanced feel about them. It took Alois Tomiska about eight years to complete the design of this pistol and obtain both British and Austrian patents for it. He started his own company to manufacture the pistols and called it Wiener Waffenfabrik which translates as Vienna Firearms Works in partnership with a man named Camillo Frank and began production of pistols in both .25ACP and .32ACP around 1909.
Sales were quite slow but Tomiska continued to work on refining his designs and obtaining additional patents, finally selling his business in 1919 and moving back to his native Czechoslovakia where he worked for Jihoceska Zbrojovka (South Czech Weapon Works) which later became a part of Ceska Zbrojovka (CZ). At Jihoceska Zbrojovka he worked on the designs for the Vz22, 24 and 27 pistols and also made his own licensed versions of his “Little Tom”. He passed away in 1946 having lived through the two great wars of the twentieth century.
About 40,000 to 50,000 of these Little Tom pistols were made, the majority being in .25ACP so the larger .32ACP is a rare bird indeed. For people who are familiar with modern pistols the Little Tom seems to have a peculiar way of managing the magazine although it is in fact very similar to the top loading pistols being produced by Austrian manufacturer Steyr at the time, which used top loading stripper clips to load their fixed internal magazines. The Little Tom has a removable magazine, usually made of brass, but it has to be pushed up through the top of the open pistol action to remove it. Some Little Tom pistols have been altered to facilitate the bottom loading most of us are familiar with though none were originally manufactured like that.
The video below provides a good look at the functioning of the Little Tom and includes shooting it and field stripping.
The Wiener Waffenfabrik “Little Tom” pistol we have featured in the pictures in this post is coming up for auction by Rock Island Auction on February 25 – 28, 2016.
You will find the Rock Island Auction page if you click here.
For more information about the Wiener Waffenfabrik “Little Tom” pistols there are interesting and informative pages to be found if you click here, here, and here.
These pistols make an excellent addition to a collection of early pistol designs. In fact being the first ever double action semi-automatic pistol ever produced they are an essential addition to such a collection.
Jon Branch is the founder and senior editor of Revivaler and has written a significant number of articles for various publications including official Buying Guides for eBay, classic car articles for Hagerty, magazine articles for both the Australian Shooters Journal and the Australian Shooter, and he's a long time contributor to Silodrome. Jon has done radio, television, magazine and newspaper interviews on various issues, and has traveled extensively, having lived in Britain, Australia, China and Hong Kong. His travels have taken him to Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan and a number of other countries. He has studied the Japanese sword arts and has a long history of involvement in the shooting sports, which has included authoring submissions to government on various firearms related issues and assisting in the design and establishment of shooting ranges.
Hard to believe but it's nearly 33 years since little Carol Anne uttered those words and POLTERGEIST first scared audiences. POLTERGEIST is a big-budget horror movie set in the heart of American suburbia, with the Freeling family under siege in their own home by forces beyond the grave.
Produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by Tobe Hooper, the film has a likeable cast (Craig T Nelson, Jo Beth Williams and the excellent Zelda Rubinstein as eccentric medium Tangina), a terrific Jerry Goldsmith score and plenty of old school ILM special effects. It was a huge success at the box-office (one of the top ten biggest moneymakers of the year) and spawned two inferior sequels - POLTERGEIST II in 1986 and two years later, POLTERGEIST III. The original is also noteworthy for the extreme difference in ratings it was given on either side of the Atlantic - in the US, it was awarded a family-friendly PG certificate, whilst here in the UK, it received an X; nobody under 18 allowed.
Sadly, POLTERGEIST is a film burdened with a troubled and controversial production history and subsequent tragedy - far too much to discuss here but thoroughly covered at this excellent Poltergeist Fan Site.
To this day, POLTERGEIST remains good fun There's precious little logic to the screenplay but taken as a cinematic ghost train ride, the movie works just fine. The scares are well-judged and there's surprisingly little gore - unusual for a horror movie released in the stalk & slash era. POLTERGEIST is also a key member of the Class Of Summer '82 - a summer which boasted the release of many classic sf and fantasy movies. ET, BLADE RUNNER, THE THING, THE ROAD WARRIOR, TRON, STAR TREK II, TRON - an embarrassment of riches and not equalled until arguably last summer.
In 2007, a lavish 25th Anniversary DVD of POLTERGEIST was planned for release but this had to be abruptly abandoned. None of the principals - Spielberg, director Tobe Hooper or the lead actors - wanted to be interviewed about the film. Because of this, there's precious little in the way of behind the scenes material about POLTERGEIST, albeit this brief "making-of" doc that was included on the laserdisc release:
JNU stir: Now, Gautam Gambhir asks politicians to 'grow up'
India
oi-Avinash
New Delhi, Feb 17: A day after Olympian wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt expressed disappointment over ongoing protest in JNU over freedom of speech, now senior India cricketer Gautam Gambhir has slammed the politicians and asked them to grow up.
"Shocking videos frm JNU & Jadhavpur Uni. Grow up politicians. Dnt politicise this, get united for Mother India. Don't compromise ur countries interest to get back into power," tweeted Gautam Gambhir.
The senior India cricketer also saluted the martyrs who sacrificed their lives at border.
Shocking videos frm JNU & Jadhavpur Uni. Grow up politicians. Dnt politicise this, get united for Mother India. — GGF (@GautamGambhir) February 16, 2016
Don't compromise ur countries interest to get back into power — GGF (@GautamGambhir) February 16, 2016
Earlier, expressing disappointment over ongoing protest in JNU over freedom of speech, wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt posted a heart touching poem on Twitter asking If Afzal Guru a martyr, who was Lance Naik Hanumanthappa?
The wrestler posted a patriotic poem on Twitter to express his anger on the protest in the university campus in New Delhi.
[JNU stir: If Afzal Guru a martyr, who was Lance Naik Hanumanthappa? asks wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt]
On the night of February 9, some students organised a meet at JNU to mourn the hanging of parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front co-founder Maqbool Bhat. Anti-India slogans were allegedly raised at the gathering.
Several arrests were made and police teams have been sent in several states to arrest the students involved in anti-India sloganeering. Also on Monday, BJP MLA from Delhi attacked a youth in Delhi for raising anti-India slogans.
OneIndia News
University of Cincinnati running back Taylor Boose carries the ball during the Bearcats' scrimmage on Aug. 13. (Photo: Enquirer file)
The University of Cincinnati has made the initial cut of schools being considered to join the Big 12 Conference, a source told The Enquirer on Wednesday afternoon.
UC officials declined comment.
The Big 12 has whittled down its list of expansion candidates to at least 12 schools, ESPN.com reported late Wednesday night. The list is down from about 20 original candidates, but it's still lengthy for a conference that most likely will add no more than two new members.
Nonetheless, the Big 12 has moved a step closer to ending the months-long, on-again-off-again decision on expansion. A final decision could be made on Oct. 17, when Big 12 presidents and chancellors are scheduled to meet in Dallas. It's possibly a decision could be made sooner.
It's no surprise UC is advancing in the Big 12's process. The American Athletic Conference school has long been considered a favorite among the expansion candidates, along with BYU, Houston and Connecticut.
In addition to those schools, ESPN reported that Central Florida, South Florida, Rice, Air Force, Colorado State, Tulane, Temple and Southern Methodist remain in contention to be invited to one of the five major football conferences. Memphis also might still be in the running, although ESPN.com said it could not confirm that school's status.
East Carolina and UNLV released statements Wednesday saying the Big 12 no longer is considering them.
B.A.P. is well on the rise to becoming the hottest rookie of the year with their recent achievements on the German Asian Music Chart!
According to information released by the German Asian Music Chart on October 5th, B.A.P.'s first mini-album title track "No Mercy" topped the chart followed by their repackaged album, "Crash", coming in at second.
The group managed to beat out some tough competition from Psy, Junsu, G-Dragon, and Super Junior to confidently secure themselves the top two spots on the chart.
This is actually "No Mercy's" second consecutive month ranking at the top, and the same song has history of topping Taiwan's g-music K-Pop chart for five weeks in a row. Many are sure that with such achievements that they're a strong candidate in winning the much coveted 'Rookie of the Year 2012' title.
TS Entertainment revealed to allkpop that the boys are currently preparing for the release of a new album following the conclusion of their "Crash" promotions.
The North American Match-Fixing Association, or NAMFA, has announced the removal of all individuals caught in the recent scandal involving ex-iBUYPOWER players.
“The first rule of match-fixing is do not get caught match-fixing,” said one current NAMFA member who successfully remained anonymous. “The second rule is do not text your girlfriend about it.”
The players will lose their “Throw Pro” gold status immediately and will no longer have access to NAMFA facilities and benefits, which included a lifetime supply of malfunctioning peripherals and an Olympic height diving board.
NAMFA also provided a security detail trained to keep Richard Lewis at a minimum distance of 10 yards away during DreamHack afterparties.
“This has been a really tough week for me,” said Joshua “Steel” Nissan, who reportedly ate dinner alone while listening to MLG.tv-licensed sad violin music. “Unfortunately I will have no choice but to try my absolute hardest to win every CS:GO match from now on.”
Nissan also revealed that he planned to stream an official apology to those affected by the scandal this week, but later added, “Sike.”
Major League Gaming had announced a partnership with several of the former NAMFA match-fixers just hours before the Valve event ban was handed down, leading many to speculate just how the event organizer would respond.
“Following the success of the MLG ESPN X Games Aspen CS: GO Invitational where presumably no overt match fixing occurred, we are excited to partner with Team Torqued even though they were unable to attend the MLGESPNXGCSGOI,” said one MLG public relations press robot. “Team Torqued is also very excited that they remain gainfully employed in any capacity.”
Lexus wants you to know it's the hottest automobile brand around. So, it made a red-and-green, hotter-than-hell Sriracha version of its new Lexus IS sports sedan.
This isn't a joke, at least not entirely. The vehicle was indeed produced and will be on display at the Los Angeles Auto Show from Nov. 18–27. It is obviously a lighthearted cross-branding stunt, though. And you won't actually be able to buy the Sriracha IS (or have your kids ask Santa for it)—as it appears Lexus has made only one.
But what a spicy-sauce-infused vehicle this is. It has a Sriracha-injected steering wheel; temperature settings that go from Cool to Sriracha; a special Sriracha paint job, Sriracha Red offset with flecks of chili-like flakes; green accents including the spindle grille outline and hand-stitching on the seats; and even a key fob with an "emergency chili button" that dispenses Sriracha from a nozzle.
Oh, and the trunk is stocked with 43 bottles of Sriracha for emergencies.
"The new Lexus IS is so hot, we decided to make it Sriracha hot, with all the custom details every Sriracha fan will appreciate," says Brian Smith, Lexus vice president of marketing.
"I feel so humbled to see my Lexus and Sriracha friends' love for my hot sauce," adds David Tran, CEO and founder of Sriracha maker Huy Fong Foods. "The Lexus Sriracha IS is really the perfect mix for a 'hot' and 'spicy car'—just the way I like it."
Lexus agency Team One dreamed up the idea and helped to execute it.
Lots more pics below.
Who should captain the Laval Rocket? There are several candidates, but who should wear the C in the inaugural AHL season in Laval?
The Laval Rocket are a little over a month away from taking the ice for the first time in team history. It will be a momentous occasion and one that will bring plenty of eyes to the Montreal Canadiens' AHL team.
Last year in St. John's, Max Friberg was chosen as the captain, and was a great leader for the team with his two-way play serving as a good example to some of the younger prospects. He played an integral role in getting the IceCaps to the Calder Cup Playoffs.
Friberg's decision to return home to Sweden for the 2017-18 campaign left the AHL team without a captain, making the leadership of the minor-league club something to be determined ahead of its first season in Laval.
In the past it hasn't been unusual for teams to not have a captain and go with several alternates instead. In fact, the Canadiens did this for a full season recently before Max Pacioretty was awarded the C by his teammates.
It's possible that will be the approach taken in Laval, though there are some quality candidates who could be chosen as the team's leader.
Terry came to the organization last season during free agency, and despite a decent handful of games in the NHL, he established himself as a premier AHL sniper. In just 58 games he scored 30 goals and notched 68 points, both of which stand at St. John's IceCaps records.
He wore an A for the IceCaps, and is now one of the elder statesmen of the team despite being just 28 years old. Terry has more than paid his dues in the AHL, and with his scoring prowess he'd be an excellent captain to guide younger prospects like Daniel Audette and Nikita Scherbak in the coming season.
Taormina was part of Montreal's off-season plan to immediately bolster the new Laval roster. He is a well-established AHL blue-liner, and is coming off a year in which he registered 60 points and won the Eddie Shore Award as the league's best defencemen.
Related The Laval Rocket are being built for immediate success
He's been entrusted with an A for the last three seasons, including two for the Syracuse Crunch and one for the Worcester Sharks. At 30 years of age, Taormina has a good deal of experience, especially at the AHL level where he's spent most of his career.
He's going to be counted on as a guide for the two young prospects making their pro debuts: Noah Juulsen and Simon Bourque. Despite not being the most vocal of players, his experience likely makes him the top choice for the captaincy as he has always played as a true professional.
Unlike both Terry and Taormina, de la Rose is still a young prospect in the Montreal system, but since coming to North America has become a favourite of his coaches almost immediately. He has been leaned on heavily in the AHL to be the team's go-to forward in all situations. While not being overly impressive on the offensive side of the puck, the young Swede is a good defensive player and will likely once again feature prominently on special teams this year.
In the two seasons the AHL affiliate spent in St. John's, de la Rose wore an A, so it wouldn't be too far outside the realm of possibility to see him replace Friberg.
The forgotten man in Montreal is the final player that could represent the Rocket proudly with the captain's letter. Despite a tough, injury-plagued year, Redmond was a driving force on the IceCaps' blue line as they made a late-season playoff push.
Much like Terry and Taormina, Redmond has spent much of his career bouncing between NHL stints, and long stretches in the AHL for various clubs. He's an outstanding player, and can guide the new prospects in their first year, while also playing major minutes like he did in the previous season.
No captain
The final option for the Rocket to choose from is to not have a captain for their first year, and instead operate with three or four players sharing the load as alternate captains. Montreal did this with Pacioretty, P.K. Subban, Andrei Markov, and Tomas Plekanec, and it could very well be the right answer in the AHL as well.
The four players profiled above represent the ideal qualities of Montreal Canadiens leaders: they work hard every night, are consummate professionals, and have plenty of experience to share with younger players.
There's no guarantee that these are the players who get selected to wear a letter, but the Canadiens would be remiss to ignore their potential contributions and leadership abilities.
PBS probably wasn't expecting the poll numbers they got when they ran a recent poll on gun control.
The question asked was: Would you support more restrictions on guns in your state?
The choices were:
Yes. Increased regulations on firearms are necessary to prevent another tragedy like the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary.
No. Laws like this unnecessarily punish lawful gun owners and will do little to prevent mass shootings.
Unsure. It's important to keep the weapons out of the wrong hands, but this may not be the solution.
The results with over 100,000 votes cast were startling. 95% (nearly 97,000 votes) answered “No. Laws like this unnecessarily punish lawful gun owners and will do little to prevent mass shootings.”
Here's a screenshot of the results as of 12/17/14.
After months of little to no movement, a big development Tuesday in the labor dispute between Hawaiian Airlines and its pilots.
The pilots and Hawaiian Airlines began contract negotiations in May 2015, and back in September 2016, things weren't looking good -- you recall the pilot union opened up a strike operations center.
Now we've learned the two sides have reached an agreement in principle, a stepping stone to a contract.
Sources confirmed that both parties are cleaning up the language in a few sections of the agreement in principle before anything is final. Once that is in writing, it needs to be reviewed by the pilots.
The contract negotiations between the panel representing pilots and Hawaiian Airlines has been a long process.
"The big hurdles have been crossed," aviation analyst Peter Forman said. "In other words, both sides have agreed on the really tough decisions that need to be made."
According to the message sent to Hawaiian Airlines pilots, both the airline and the union need to work out a few parts of the remaining contract language, and that is expected to take only a few days to complete. But union members are told there will be no rush to vote.
Here's what was spelled out in the notice to pilots:
Pay rates have been substantially improved and represent competitive market for pilots.
If a tentative agreement is approved and ratified, all airline pilots will receive very substantial ratification bonus payments consistent with industry rates.
Training pay has also been increased.
"This was a particularly large contract to come up with because there are very large pay increases," Forman said. "It's going to cost Hawaiian Airlines a lot of money, but on the other hand, all pilots were getting pretty good raises."
Hawaiian pilots have argued that they are paid substantially less than pilots at other airlines flying similar planes on similar routes.
We reached out to Hawaiian Airlines and a spokesperson told us they don't comment on ongoing negotiations to preserve the integrity of the bargaining process.
We also reached out to the pilot union and the chief negotiator told us that "parties are confirming the specific contract changes and carefully completing remaining contract language."
Sources say we should be hearing more about the negotiations later this week. We'll also let you know what a new contract for the pilots mean for airline passengers when we learn more.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ed Miliband: ''I'm not willing to see my father's good name be undermined in this way''
Ed Miliband has accused the Daily Mail of lying about his father after the newspaper headlined an article about him as "The man who hated Britain".
The Labour leader said he was "appalled" that after offering him a right of reply, the paper had repeated its original article and also now "described my father's legacy as evil".
He said it raised questions about morality and boundaries for newspapers.
The Mail says it will not apologise and stands by the story.
However, its deputy editor later said it was an "error of judgement" for the paper to have published a picture of Ralph Miliband's grave on the website version of the story, prompting the Labour leader to say the newspaper "should now apologise".
In Saturday's article, journalist Geoffrey Levy questioned how the beliefs of Ralph Miliband, a Marxist academic who died in 1994, may have influenced the Labour leader and his brother, former Foreign Secretary David Miliband.
'Adolescent diary'
It highlighted a diary entry Ralph Miliband wrote at the age of 17 saying that the English were "perhaps the most nationalist people in the world... you sometimes want them almost to lose [the war] to show them how things are".
There is no credible argument in the article or evidence from his life which can remotely justify the lurid headline and its accompanying claim Ed Miliband
The paper goes on to say "how passionately he would have approved today of his son's sinister warning about some of the policies he plans to follow if he ever becomes prime minister".
In his piece in Tuesday's edition, Ed Miliband says his father, a Jewish refugee who fled Belgium aged 16 to escape the Nazis, "loved" Britain and served in the Navy.
He says: "There is no credible argument in the article or evidence from [Ralph Miliband's] life which can remotely justify the lurid headline and its accompanying claim that it would 'disturb everyone who loves this country'."
He says Britain "was a source of hope and comfort for him, not hatred".
"Fierce debate about politics does not justify character assassination of my father, questioning the patriotism of a man who risked his life for our country in the Second World War," Mr Miliband says.
He says the diary entry described the "suspicion he found of the Continent and the French when he arrived here".
Image caption Ed Miliband, with his father Ralph in 1989
"To ignore his service and work in Britain and build an entire case about him hating our country on an adolescent diary entry is, of course, absurd."
Mr Miliband says his father joined the Navy as he "was determined to be part of the fight against the Nazis and to help his family hidden in Belgium. He was fighting for Britain."
He adds: "My father's strongly left-wing views are well known, as is the fact that I have pursued a different path and I have a different vision.
"The idea of me being part of some 'sinister' Marxist plot would have amused him and disappointed him in equal measure and for the same reason - he would have known it was ludicrously untrue. I want to make capitalism work for working people, not destroy it."
Later, in an interview with reporters, Mr Miliband said it was "perfectly legitimate" for newspapers to discuss his father's politics.
But he said: "I was appalled when I read the Daily Mail on Saturday and I saw them say he hated Britain. It's a lie."
The Daily Mail's editorial on Tuesday - published alongside Mr Miliband's response and an abridged version of the original article - is headlined "an evil legacy and why we won't apologise".
Mr Miliband said: "I'm even more appalled that they repeated that lie today and they've gone further and described my father's legacy as evil. Evil is a word reserved for particular cases and I wasn't willing to let that stand."
He added that there were "boundaries" that newspapers should adhere to.
"It's not about regulation... but it is about me saying I think morality and our approach to these things matters."
He added that his brother and mother felt the same way he did about what the newspaper had said.
Phone call
The Mail's editorial said it stood by "every word" of the article.
"We do not maintain... that the iniquity of the fathers should be visited on the sons. But when a son with prime ministerial ambitions swallows his father's teachings, as the younger Miliband appears to have done, the case is different," it said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Daily Mail deputy editor Jon Steafel defended his paper's article on Newsnight
It suggested that Mr Miliband's plans to freeze energy prices and give councils powers to purchase land from developers, and his support for press regulation backed by law, were signs of his "own Marxist values".
It later said in a statement: "We ask fair-minded people to read our editorial today. For what this episode confirms is that you cannot allow politicians anywhere near regulating the press.
"While we respect Mr Miliband's right to defend his father... it is worth stressing that Ralph Miliband wasn't an ordinary private individual but a prominent academic and author who devoted his life to promoting a Marxist dogma which caused so much misery in the world.
"He hated such British institutions as the Queen, the Church and the Army, and wanted a workers' revolution. Our readers have a right to know that."
Speaking on the BBC's Newsnight programme, Daily Mail assistant editor Jon Steafel said the picture of Ralph Miliband's grave, which included the caption "grave socialist", was removed after he personally took a call from Ed Miliband.
But he continued to defend the article and headline itself as "entirely justified".
Alastair Campbell, the former director of communications at Downing Street under Tony Blair, said the Daily Mail was "the worst of British values posing as the best" and its editor Paul Dacre should have appeared on Newsnight himself to defend the article.
A spokesman for Mr Miliband said: "We continue to believe that the article... and a subsequent article... were smears. The deputy editor of the Daily Mail showed tonight he could not justify either of them."
'Playing the ball'
Prime Minister David Cameron was asked about the row on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, but said he had not read the original article or the response from the Labour leader.
He added, though, that "if anyone had a go at my father I would want to respond vigorously" so totally "understand what Ed's done".
The prime minister later rejected any comparison between attacks by Conservative-supporting newspapers on Labour politicians and smear campaigns led by Gordon Brown's former spin doctor Damian McBride as " frankly ludicrous".
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said he supported the Labour leader, tweeting: "Politics should be about playing the ball, not the man, certainly not the man's family."
But Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt challenged Ed Miliband to distance himself from his father's views on capitalism, saying "Ralph Miliband was no friend of the free market economy... I've never heard Ed Miliband say he supports the free market economy."
In a statement, the Labour Party said: "Ed Miliband wrote his right to reply article because he wanted to state clearly that his father loved Britain.
"He wanted the Daily Mail to treat his late father's reputation fairly. Rather than acknowledge it has smeared his father... the newspaper has repeated its original claim. This simply diminishes the Daily Mail further."
The founder of Zouk, Mr Lincoln Cheng, says he is tired of getting short lease extensions for the popular dance club's Jiak Kim Street site.
If he does not get a three-year extension he is now requesting, he will close the 23-year-old iconic nightspot for good by the end of this year.
Mr Cheng, 67, revealed this to The Straits Times earlier this month, ending recent speculation as to what will eventually happen to the much-loved Singapore club.
Currently ranked No.7 in the world by DJ Mag, an influential UK music magazine, Zouk has become an internationally recognised name on the global club circuit.
Each week, the club's five outlets - Wine Bar, Phuture, Velvet Underground-Dance and Velvet Underground-Lounge and the Zouk main dance hall - draw more than 10,000 revellers from Singapore, Asia and other parts of the world. It is the only club that has won the prestigious Best Nightspot Experience award from the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) a record nine times.
Last year, financial audit firm Ernst & Young valued the home-grown brand and its business at $40 million.
When the club first opened in 1991, the land around it was largely vacant. But today, the club - which is situated within three recently conserved riverside warehouses - is dwarfed by neighbouring condominiums and hotels. It was no surprise, therefore, when questions about the fate of Zouk started making the rounds in 2012.
In the Urban Redevelopment Authority's (URA) the latest Master Plan, which governs Singapore's development over the next 10 to 15 years, Zouk's premises are within a larger site zoned for residential use, with commercial activity on the first floor.
The site has not yet been listed for sale under the Government Land Sales Programme.
It has been reported that its lease was extended till last June, when it first expired in 2012, and once more until June 30 this year.
Last month, the authorities gave a third extension - this time for only six months until the end of December.
A URA spokesman said: "The site was first leased to Zouk in 1990 for interim use as the surrounding area was not fully developed and there were no firm development plans for the site at that point in time. The lease was extended subsequently as there were still no firm plans to develop the site. Over time, the surrounding area has become an established residential precinct. As such, the use of the site by Zouk has become incompatible with the residential nature of the area."
Mr Cheng said: "We can't live with six months' extension. It takes three years to set up a new club. We wanted the new Zouk to be ready when the old Zouk closes."
Speaking candidly to The Straits Times, Mr Cheng, an avid music lover and art collector, said: "Zouk is like my baby. It is like losing my child, like losing a family member. I am still active. I have no desire to retire."
But the entrepreneur said he also felt the need to be responsible to his staff, who have been asking him for his decision as to what to do with the club when the lease expires. "If no other options present themselves before the lease expiry, it will make it necessary for the club to bow out of the Singapore entertainment scene," he said.
He added that Zouk will soon make the necessary preparations in the areas of hardware, administration and human resource for its closure. Mr Cheng plans to have a series of farewell parties and a final instalment of the 2014 ZoukOut festival to thank the club's loyal fans.
The veteran entrepreneur said he had started a search for a new home for Zouk as early as 2010, and the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) showed him four sites in Sentosa. "We didn't like Sentosa because it is a one-way road out," said Mr Cheng.
The "stunning-looking" building that housed the former Tanjong Pagar Railway Station caught his eye. "But we were told by URA that piece of land is not available. It is too political still, so don't even think about it," he said.
An STB spokesman told The Straits Times that the board has been facilitating talks between Zouk and various organisations, including various commercial entities and fellow government agencies such as the Singapore Land Authority and the URA.
It said it wanted to help Zouk identify alternative locations beyond its current tenancy at Jiak Kim Street, but its spokesman declined to reveal details of the sites "due to business confidentiality".
Meanwhile, Zouk's head of business development and public relations, Miss Sofie Chandra, 31, told The Straits Times that the closure of Zouk Singapore will not affect its sister club in Kuala Lumpur. The 10-year-old Zouk KL, a seven-room nightspot currently located in Jalan Ampang, has found a new site, and it will be relocating to TREC, a new lifestyle and entertainment precinct in downtown Jalan Tun Razak next year.
When told of the news, celebrity presenter and Zouk regular Najip Ali said he was shocked.
"When Zouk opened, it was ahead of its time. In the 1990s, Zouk put a stamp on the kind of nightlife that didn't exist." It was where he learnt about music and deejays. "Zouk has been and is still an institution," he said.
joycel@sph.com.sg
The question about cycling's economic future is one which has become more and more relevant as the gulf between the budgets of the sport's teams grow. Sky and select others have annual budgets believed to be approximately €40 million, and have long term guarantees of backing. Others exist on a year-by-year basis, introducing a great uncertainty into the sport.
The Velon group was set up with the goal of trying to produce greater economic stability for teams but, according to director and board member Simon Thompson, Tour de France organiser ASO is taking a protectionist approach and is trying to foil its plans. Tinkoff-Saxo owner Oleg Tinkov has already said he is willing to boycott the Tour if necessary in order to push back at ASO. For Thompson, such a tactic is a last resort for Velon; he hopes a compromise is reached before the situation deteriorates any further. But things need to change soon.
On the surface Dimension Data's introduction of rider tracking at the Tour de France appeared to be a win-win situation for many concerned.
Thanks to the trackers under each rider's saddle plus the other technology in place, race organiser ASO had extra data on hand as regards the location of riders and time gaps between various groups.
Broadcasters were able to benefit from the extra information. Fans could also use the data to better understand what was happening at any given point in a stage.
However for those who had been following the sport closely, the development was one which hinted at brimming tension behind the scenes.
Why? Well, months previously, the Velon group had said that rider tracking was one of several additions it hoped to introduce to pro cycling. This, on-bike cameras within the peloton and other measures were part of its leverage to push for a revenue source outside the traditional team sponsorship model.
ASO's launching of its own rider tracking system appeared to be in part a reaction to that. Heading off Velon at the pass, so to speak.
Thus far signs of tension have been limited. The biggest example of potential problems came in June when the Reuters news agency reported that ASO had sent a letter to the UCI threatening to withdraw its races from the international calendar over proposed reforms.
According to Reuters, ASO was dissatisfied with delays in said reforms being implemented. However a source close to a UCI WorldTour team told CyclingTips at the time that the real issue was with the proposed three year licences the UCI considered giving teams.
He stated that ASO felt that such licences would limit its influence over the sport, and was reacting to that.
Now, almost two months later, one of Velon's senior figures has spoken of his concern about the situation, saying that cycling could be heading towards a major conflict if measures are not taken to build bridges.
It's worrying, and something which could have a detrimental effect on the future of the sport.
“We are coming up against some pretty powerful opposition”
Australian Simon Thompson is the director of Sports Marketing and Racing at the Trek Bicycle company. He's also a director and board member of Velon, a group launched last November and which represents 11 of the 18 WorldTour teams.
Velon has several goals, but one of the biggest is to try to create what it terms a new and better economic future for the sport.
Thompson spoke at length to CyclingTips and said that while he believed that Velon was a positive force, that he had some concerns with how others were reacting towards it.
“I think that with the backing of the teams by Velon, I believe we are heading in the right direction,” he said. “But we are coming up against some pretty powerful opposition right now.”
Asked to elaborate, Thompson said that he needed to be guarded in what he said. However he confirmed that the Tour de France organisers were the opposition he referred to.
“I have met Yann Le Moenner [ASO CEO – ed.] a couple of times and I think he is a nice guy,” he elaborated. “I think he is a really good businessman and he is personal friends with John Burke, who owns Trek. But I do see the ASO as being the big block in all of this.
“They have built a really nice business and I congratulate them on what they have done to build it, but to me I think it [their stance – ed.] is very short-sighted. No-one wants to take away from what ASO has got or what they have built. But everyone says, ‘you have have to look at the big picture here. The sport doesn't look good if you have got a revolving door of teams of athletes and it is inconsistent.'
As Thompson points out, teams currently survive because of a sponsorship model that is increasingly under pressure. Certain teams such as Sky have the backing of major international brands, and can plan ahead.
At the same time, others are struggling to compete and to also have any amount of long-term security.
Thompson and others argue that new revenue streams must be found in order for teams to have better stability and for the sport as a whole to grow.
However he is convinced that ASO doesn't agree.
“If they were willing to work together with the teams, I think we can evolve this and grow it really substantially. To have it become one of the biggest and best sports in the world,” he explained.
“But unfortunately from what I can tell, they don't see it that way. They believe that they should have all of the rights. To be the only body who can exploit those rights and that the teams should have no rights whatsoever.
“It is really disappointing. It is a shame. I believe a collaborative approach would get us to where everyone wants to go and, in the long term, they would be making a lot more money that way.”
“Every other organiser sees that model as the way to go”
During the 2000s a major schism developed between the UCI and ASO over the ProTour, which was the previous incarnation of the WorldTour. ASO objected to this, seeing it as a threat to its grip on the sport's top events.
At one point the organisation's Paris-Nice race was run as a national event, with ASO taking it off the UCI calendar. The UCI instructed teams not to take part but, fearing a backlash from ASO, those teams refused to comply with this request and competed in the event.
The dispute threatened to degenerate further, with the 17 ProTour teams riding in the 2008 Tour de France stating that they would not apply for ProTour licences in 2009.
An uneasy peace was eventually reached and things settled down once again.
Seven years later tension has returned. This time around ASO is objecting to the UCI's reforms and also to efforts by Velon teams to find new revenue streams.
Thompson confirmed that the Dimension Data arrangement in place at the Tour was likely a bid to encroach on Velon's own plans.
“I think they are well aware that Velon has been making plans in this space and we were a long way down the track in developing solutions for that,” he said.
“I think they reacted quickly to try and own that space. I think unfortunately they rushed at it too quickly and they sort of found a solution that I don't think is what everyone wants.”
Thompson's suggestion is borne out by the teething problems Dimension Data experienced at the Tour, with much of the first two weeks seeing inconsistent performance from what was labelled a beta service.
“It certainly fell short of most people's expectations of what it could be,” he said. “From our research there are much better ways to do it that give a much more holistic solution.
“We did it as a one-off test. I don't see it as a problem for us moving forward giving them precedence. It was a one-off test.
“We did it and we tried to help make it as good as it could be. I honestly think the teams are the ones who should be doing that in the future. There are other races beside ASO races. The one consistent thing is that the teams are at every race and the broadcasters are at every race, while the race organisers and the events change.
“Because of that I believe that it should be the teams who are the ones who should be bringing that to the races. I think we can do that best.
“We are happy to share that with the organisers as well. Every other organiser sees that model as the way to go. It is only the ASO who don't see it that way.
ASO “drawing a line in the sand”
Velon is due to meet again around the time the Vuelta a España takes place. It is talking to other teams and Thompson believes that the number of affiliated squads will grow. He knows that the more that come on board, the greater the leverage they have in dealing with ASO and any other stakeholders in the sport.
“The teams do have the resolve to work together on this. We realise that the only strength we have is in numbers and in working together that allows us to do that,” he said.
That collaboration is Velon's greatest advantage. It is also something which scares ASO, which has been able to use divide and conquer tactics in the past. It knows that if teams pull together as a block they now have much more influence as a stakeholder, and can push for real change in the sport.
Thompson's concern is that the Tour organisers are not interested in negotiating, but instead want a conflict to take place.
“From what I can see right now, they are drawing a line in the sand. They are almost willing the teams to try to take that step,” he said. “They are trying to build their empire. They are going to try to build whatever they can to try to block Velon and to block the teams from anything that they plan to do.
“Unfortunately I think it is going to come to a head at some point in the next 12 months. I am not sure when. I certainly hope that it is not the fans who have to suffer through it, but I think it is going to come to a head.”
Traditionally ASO's greatest leverage was Tour de France participation. It knew that it was vitally important for teams to take part, and was able to use that as a tool when it wanted to exercise power.
The ProTour/WorldTour system brought with it automatic participation rights for member teams, and this was one of the reasons why ASO was so opposed to it.
Asked if he believed that things could degenerate to the point where teams felt they had to boycott the Tour, Thompson said that it was a possibility but that he hoped it wouldn't be the case.
“I don't think anyone wants to do that. We all want to participate in the major events, but at the same time we are running out of leverage. They really believe that they have got the jewel in the crown.
“I do think there are other ways of going about it and I would like to think we would consider taking those routes before we have to get to something that comes to that.”
Given its size and media reach, the Tour is one of the most important targets of the year for all of the teams in the peloton. However, given the notion of short-term pain versus long-term gain, Thompson said that he believes most of the Velon teams would take that route if it was necessary.
“They are not as afraid of it as what ASO thinks we are, but I do hope there are different avenues to take that would be better to pursue in the first place.”
He believes clearly that negotiation and understanding is vital, not confrontation.
“I would like to think that ASO won't just become so brutally blunt in trying to block it,” he said. “We are not trying to steal from them or take away what they have built up in any way whatsoever. We just want to see the sport progress.
“We would love to work with them on that. We absolutely would.
“Unfortunately, so far, we haven't had any indications of them wanting to do the same thing.”
Holy mother. On Diner's Journal, Pete Wells hears incredible news from Brooklyn Brewery's Garrett Oliver. Dude is currently working on a beer that (1) takes barleywine made from malt that's smoked in the same room as Allan Benton's bacon and (2) combines it with brown ale that's been infused, via “fat washing” (mixing a melted fat with alcohol, then chilling the mixture into a solid and skimming it off), with the taste of Benton's bacon fat. As much as we roll our eyes at gimmicks like bacon vodka, we're also fans of the brewery's Sorachi Ace (served at Brooklyn Bowl), and we'd be lying if hearing about this new bacon beer doesn't make our heart flutter, our pulse quicken … It's like we just drank the stuff! Final word from Oliver: “Either this will be the most amazingly disgusting thing you've ever tasted in your life. Or I shall rule the earth.”
Bowling for Brews [Diner's Journal/NYT]
Basketball shop Top brands guaranteeing the highest quality and a wide diversity of the offer, is what makes our online shop one of the best places to search for your sports gear. Basketmania is, as the name implies, a basketball shop, which originated on the basis of real passion and true love for the game. As professional players and coaches we do know which sneakers really perform the best and which clothing and accessories will meet your high demands. Choose your footwear – Adidas, Nike or Jordan shoes – and join other ‘basketmaniacs'! More
Basketball shoes Quality appreciated by the greatest NBA stars and amazing design which aims at improving the level you play your game on. Select the sneakers which provide better protection, fantastic cushioning and traction, allowing you to keep perfect control even during the most intensive moments on the court. The basketball shoes are a perfect choice for every professional athlete, as well as amateur looking for the best quality sports footwear. Make your choice now and feel the difference the next time you play! More
The Earth First! Direct Action Manual is Once Again Available Online—to Buy, or Read for Free!
After a second print run, the Earth First! Direct Action Manual, 3rd Edition is once again available to purchase online. We are also proud to announce that the entire manual is available to read and download here.
The release of the 3rd edition of the DAM has been a huge success. In under a year we sold out of our first print run, and have now gone back to the presses to print 2,000 additional copies so that this valuable tool remains available for the uncompromising direct action movements defending the Earth and its inhabitants.
You can purchase your copy of the Direct Action Manual from the Earth First! Journal subscriptions site.
Proceeds go to supporting the Earth First! Journal and the Earth First! Direct Action Fund. If you're interested in a bulk order of more than 10 copies, contact: dam[at]earthfirstjournal[.]org
The DAM is a massive how-to manual containing over 300 pages of diagrams, descriptions of techniques, and a comprehensive overview of the role action plays in resistance—from planning an action, doing a body blockade, putting up a treesit or executing a lockdown; to legal and prisoner support, direct action trainings, fun political pranks, and more. The DAM has been compiled and updated by frontline activists from around the US to help spread the knowledge and get these skills farther out into the world.
We'd like to give a big thanks to: The Gloo Factory, Earth First! Journal and the dozens of artists, content contributors, volunteer editors, and donors that made this project possible. We couldn't have done it without you!
For the Wild,
—the DAM collective
Order online / Read online
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
Check out these related Newswire posts:
Last week, the press was finally given an opportunity to weigh in on The Elder Scrolls Online with a torrent of previews that flooded the interwebs. The response was decidedly mixed overall, but personally, I can say I'm a fan of what I've played so far. Even after putting in time for my previews, I played quite a bit more of ESO over this past weekend and I found myself consistently surprised at all the little things that added up to make an experience I was already enjoying even better.
advertisement advertisement
For one, and I did mention this in my Stros M'kai preview but it bears repeating, you'll occasionally find treasure maps in ESO, and this encourages you to explore the game world. There are no hints on these treasure maps other than the picture drawn out for you and X marking the spot of the treasure. If you do manage to find one of these treasure locations, you'll have to dig up the chest and do the lockpicking minigame. Even something as small as having to actively lockpick chests is a neat little thing worth noting. There aren't skills associated with this just yet, but I am hoping that once the Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood come online, we'll see some sneaking and lockpicking associated active skills or passives.
And then there's the game map. Most things on the map are not actually revealed to you right away. I've read comments about how ESO is still an on-rails themepark, but really, try actually running around the world. You'll find random quests all over the place and you'll even find public dungeons which you can explore with other players. These dungeons often feature an end boss, dungeon specific loot, and even a Skyshard. Heck, sometimes talking to random NPCs will also unveil locations on the map for you to go check out. It's tempting to just talk to NPCs that are clearly denoted as being quest givers, but you may be surprised by some of the conversations you can have with seemingly random NPCs.
One of the most satisfying things I discovered by pure chance was a cavern that featured unique crafting tables for the gear producing crafting disciplines. These crafting tables allowed me to create items from the 'Night's Silence' item set. I was already impressed with crafting, but now I was really excited. I didn't even know crafting item sets was a thing in ESO.
In order to make any specific Night's Silence piece, I would have needed to have researched any two traits for the item type I want to craft (e.g. any two traits researched for medium armor gloves were required to make Night's Silence medium armor gloves). Creating and equipping any three Night's Silence set pieces would confer the set bonus +40% health regeneration while hidden. As a bow wielding Nightblade, this was definitely right up my alley, but it also had me wondering about all the other item sets I could potentially discover and craft in ESO.
It's not often I want to fall back on telling someone they are “playing the game wrong”, but I do feel that the prevailing opinion that exploration in ESO is pointless is more than a bit inaccurate. There is simply a lot to explore and discover in the game and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface.
While we are on the subject of crafting, I noticed another thing that impressed me about crafting this past weekend and that is the subtle change in the look of items you craft, even within a particular tier of items. Like many other MMOs, crafting gear in ESO is separated by material. For example, creating cloth armor from levels 1-15 will require Jute, but then you'll use an entirely different material for items beyond that level. You'll need to use more Jute to create a level 4 cloth chest piece vs. a level 1 cloth chest piece, but you'll be using the same resource and the look will overall be the same until you start crafting, say, level 16 cloth chest pieces with a new material.
The thing is, and I didn't notice this at first, there is an actual visual difference between a level 1 crafted chest piece and say, a level 4 crafted chest piece of the same style. No doubt that it's subtle at first, but while the overall ‘look' will be the same, the color palette will be different. Again, it's just one of those little things.
What's even more impressive is that items that are improved in quality also sport visual changes. After crafting my level 10 medium armor set, I noticed that I had enough Hemming to guarantee an improvement on the chest piece I just crafted to bring it from white to green quality, so I did. And this is where I noticed that the item's visuals changed once again.
My newly upgraded chest piece looked exactly the same as before, only now it sported a snazzy metallic brass trim. This change stood out against the overall much darker item set I just crafted and I noticed the change immediately. I have no idea how the look would change from green to blue, or from blue to purple, but the point is that these little changes are possible. Not only can you craft items in 14 different visual styles, with an entirely different look at every tier, but each of those tiers features visual variance along the way and the same is true for improvements in quality. As someone who appreciates spicing up my look often, I'm really excited by the fact that crafting allows me to both functionally and visually improve my items.
It's all these little things that I continually discover about the game that are really driving my excitement for ESO's release in April. Previously, ESO wasn't really on my radar. The only reason I was interested in ESO at all was for the potential for good RvR. WildStar just looked better to me in every other area. Now? I'm actually interested and encouraged by what the rest of ESO has to offer. I've also just started a new game of Oblivion, and you'll understand why later this week.
Michael Bitton / Michael began his career at the WarCry Network in 2005 as the site manager for several different WarCry fansite portals. In 2008, Michael worked for the startup magazine Massive Gamer as a columnist and online news editor. In June of 2009, Michael joined MMORPG.com as the site's Community Manager. Follow him on Twitter @eMikeB
Final Fantasy Record Keeper Raked In Over A Billion Yen
By Spencer . November 7, 2014 . 12:31am
Square Enix's latest Final Fantasy smartphone title is Final Fantasy Record Keeper. DeNA published the title which puts you in the shoes of Deci who jumps into Final Fantasy games by entering magic paintings. Players can recruit Final Fantasy heroes like Cloud from Final Fantasy VII, Tidus from Final Fantasy X, and Terra from Final Fantasy VI to create parties that wouldn't exist otherwise.
Final Fantasy Record Keeper launched in Japan on September 24. DeNA announced the game has been downloaded more than three million times in Japan and more interestingly it generated a billion yen ($8.67 million) in one month. While it may not be as profitable as say Brave Frontier, Final Fantasy Record Keeper successfully cashed in on Final Fantasy nostalgia.
Oct 23, 2015 Ξ Comments are off
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has released a much needed and long-anticipated rule—a milestone not only for fair housing policy and advocacy groups, but also for the nation's growing population of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs).
The new rule improves the reporting requirements of lenders under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA). Signed into law in in 1975, HMDA was enacted as a response to widespread urban disinvestment and redlining—the systematic exclusion of neighborhoods of color when marketing and offering home mortgage loans. Under the HMDA, mortgage lenders are required to report information about their applicants and loan decisions, including the race and ethnicity of borrowers and people who have been denied. But lenders haven't had to disclose any data on applicant creditworthiness. As a result, the law has been severely limited in its ability to reveal discriminatory practices.
With the CFPB's new rule in effect, there will be increased attention paid to the creditworthiness of applicants, including information on their debt-to-income ratios and credit scores—data that are key to uncovering discriminatory lending patterns and determining whether financial institutions are meeting the housing needs of the communities they serve. The new rule also requires more specificity in reporting on the ethnicity and race of applicants—a vital measure to ensure that HMDA data reflect our nation's increasing diversity.
Prior to this new rule, while HMDA reporting requirements had been useful in shedding some light on mortgage practices in the Black and Latino communities, they have been completely inadequate for capturing the experiences of other communities of color, especially Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. This is because HMDA data—like numerous other statistics—currently treat AAPIs as a uniform racial group, despite the fact that Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders represent more than 30 countries and ethnic groups that speak more than 100 languages.
The results of data analysis on AAPIs are therefore often misleading. For several years, HMDA data have portrayed the mortgage outcomes of the group as much better than those of other borrowers of color, thus reinforcing the “model minority” myth which asserts that people of color should follow the example of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. While it's true that many hard-working AAPIs have done well in the US—getting a good education and good jobs, becoming homeowners, and building wealth—we also know that this story by no means applies to all AAPIs.
In fact, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are not only one of the fastest growing populations in the United States, but also one of the fastest growing populations in poverty since the Great Recession. They come from diverse socioeconomic backgrounds and therefore arrive in the US under widely different circumstances. They have a relatively high median household income compared to African Americans and Latinos, but this is largely due to the fact that AAPIs tend to have larger households and are geographically concentrated in the most expensive states—Hawaii, California, New York and New Jersey.
As a whole, the AAPI poverty rate is 12.6 percent. But if we look at individual groups within the AAPI community, we see just how misleading that figure is. Many individuals and families—especially refugees from Southeast Asia—are among the poorest people in the US. The Hmongs have a poverty rate of nearly 39 percent and Cambodians have a poverty rate of 29 percent—two percentage points above the African American poverty rate. AAPI homeowners were also hit very hard by the housing market crash. Falling housing prices, high rates of foreclosures, and low property values have resulted in a significant loss of wealth in this community. Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have also endured the largest percentage decline in homeownership rates of any racial group.
Southeast Asians have been particularly vulnerable to foreclosures, as they have higher concentrations of workers in low-wage sectors, lower education levels, and higher rates of linguistic isolation than the broader AAPI community. The Central Valley in California—home to one of the largest concentrations of Southeast Asians—is among the areas that have been most devastated by the foreclosure crisis. Along with the Inland Empire area of Southern California, Central Valley counties feature the highest concentration of foreclosed/Real Estate Owned (REO) properties—and loans at risk of foreclosure—in the state of California. In 2010, the City of Merced had the third worst foreclosure rate in the country at 11 percent. Hmong and Lao comprise 25 percent of the residents in the Merced neighborhoods that were targeted for foreclosure programs.
Like other people of color, many AAPIs still suffer from disparate treatment when looking for housing: one in five AAPIs experience discrimination in the rental and home buying process. Addressing the barriers to housing faced by a diverse AAPI community and others is critical to ensuring that everyone has the opportunity to build wealth for their families—essentially, to achieve the American Dream.
Kudos to the CFPB for taking a powerful step in the right direction.
Michela Zonta is a Senior Policy Analyst for the Housing Finance and Policy team at the Center for American Progress. This story was originally published on TalkProgress.org
Melbourne's thrown up a lot of bad stuff but this is definitely the worst.
No one in Australia really takes Melbourne seriously. Sure, we let the locals celebrate their “most liveable” city awards, but the main reason we put up with them is to have some kind of reference point that highlights just how great every other city in Australia (particularly Sydney) is.
In a way Melbourne is a lot like Bon Iver: everyone's favourite, boring white dude indie rock band who were only good on Kanye West's ‘My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy'. And even then only because they reminded you how bloody incredible all the other featured artists were. When you think about that album, what springs to mind? Nicki Minaj (Sydney), Rick Ross (Brisbane), Kid Cudi (Adelaide). Definitely not Bon Iver (Melbourne, obviously).
So what happens when you actually bring Melbourne and Bon Iver together? The absolute worst parody of contemporary ‘laneway culture' (aka Melbourne culture) ever created.
Yesterday Bon Iver dropped this post on Instagram:
A photo posted by Bon Iver (@boniver) on Sep 28, 2016 at 2:19am PDT
It was clearly an attempt to be cryptic, but since everyone knew there was a new album coming out it was fairly obvious this was going to be a listening party or showcase of some sort. So 6:30 rolls around and Melbourne's keenest Bon Iver fans wander down to Fitzroy (where else), to be greeted with a small stereo, sitting on a table in a narrow alleyway. What was in the stereo?
A cassette playing the new Bon Iver album, '22, A Million'.
Yep that's right, just when you thought neither Bon Iver nor Melbourne could get any more cliche, we get a listening party, in an alley, on a tiny stereo, playing a fucking cassette.
Peak fkn Melbourne. Bunch of kids listening to new Bon Iver.
In a laneway.
On cassette. pic.twitter.com/whxQmH08bZ — Jeremy Story Carter (@jstorycarter) September 29, 2016
Look at them all. There haven't been that many white people crammed into a tight space since that ridiculous cafe started serving blue algae lattes. I honestly couldn't think of the worst place to listen to new music than a cold alleyway with the tunes pumping out of a cassette.
The cassette was invented in 1962. Since then we have put people on the moon. We've invented the internet. There's a reason we don't use cassettes: they sound awful. The whole point of an exercise in uber-pretentiousness like this is get people like me so worked up we write rage-induced take-downs of it, inadvertently drawing attention to the key fact: There's a new Bon Iver album.
I guess it worked, but hey, at least I got to make fun of Melbourne.
By Christopher R Rice Underground Newz
As things stand now, with federal taxes, state taxes, county tax, sales tax, property taxes, car tax, gas tax, phone taxes, etc. “They” take 4 months of our wages every year in taxes. For that kind of money we should have the best schools on the planet, right? But every year 30 to 50% of our kids get left behind. Let me repeat, taxes take 4 months of your wages away from you every year. That's true under Republicans or Democrats!
A $10-a-barrel tax on oil would translate into higher prices for gasoline at the pump.
The White House on Thursday said President Barack Obama will
propose a $10-a-barrel tax
on each barrel of oil to pay for clean transportation projects. The tax, which will be part of the budget request Obama sends to Capitol Hill next week, would be paid by consumers at the pump.
“This proposal will trickle down and be a $10 per barrel tax on motorists—or 60 to 95 cents per gallon on refined fuels,” said Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst at GasBuddy.com. “To me it's clear: this is not something oil companies are going to absorb.”
On Friday, West Texas Intermediate crude
settled at $30.89 a barrel.
And it won't just impact gasoline prices, but also diesel, jet fuel, heating oil and others, DeHaan said. “It could stifle production to some degree, though to a lesser degree as long as the tax applies to imported oil as well.”
Earlier this month, BP PLC said it would cut another 3,000 jobs by the end of 2017 after reporting a full-year loss of $5.2 billion. Royal Dutch Shell this week
reported its worst profits
in over a decade.
Obama is adamant about the
advantages the tax will create
. “We'll look back and say that was a smart investment. It's right to do it now, when gas prices are really low,” “I can slip the tax through…without many realizing that they're paying the government more to fuel their vehicles and warm their houses because oil and gasoline prices are low right now” he said Friday.
On Friday afternoon, the average price for regular gasoline at pump stood at $1.747 a gallon, according to GasBuddy. That's down 40.5 cents from last year's average of $2.152. Gasoline futures also dropped below $1 a gallon on Friday for the first time since late 2008.
BIG OIL - BIG MONEY
Tax loopholes
allow Big Oil companies to ratchet up their annual earnings at the expense of American taxpayers. Well-placed campaign contributions to their congressional allies preserve these undeserved handouts. Daniel J. Weiss and Valeri Vasquez have the detailed numbers in a CAP repost.
The cost of Big Oil's loopholes
$4 billion : Cost of Big Oil tax breaks in 2011.
$2 billion: Cost of Big Oil tax breaks eliminated by S. 940.
$77 billion : Cost of Big Oil tax breaks from 2011 to 2021.
Big Oil profits pile up
$902 billion : Total profits for the five biggest oil companies in the United States, 2001-2010 (in 2011 dollars).
$32 billion : Total Big Oil earnings, first quarter of 2011. Exxon Mobil alone accounted for $10.7 billion of that figure.
38 percent : Big Oil's first-quarter-2011 profit increase over the first quarter of 2010.
28 percent : Increase in gasoline prices compared to 2010.
53 percent : Portion of their profits that both Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips spent repurchasing stock to drive up their companies' share values in the first quarter of 2011.
$8 billion: The amount of first-quarter profits the big five companies spent on stock buybacks.
Low effective tax rates for Exxon Mobil
17.6 percent : Average effective federal corporate tax rate paid by Exxon Mobil, 2008-2010.
20.4 percent : Average American individual federal effective tax rate in 2007 (the last year of available data).
Oil campaign cash and votes to close loopholes
$273,500: Big Oil campaign contributions to Republican senators and representatives in the first quarter of 2011.
$7,000: Big Oil campaign contributions to Democratic senators and representatives in the first quarter of 2011.
2 : House Republicans who voted to cut tax loopholes for Big Oil during debate on H.R. 1230.
147 : House Democrats who voted to cut tax loopholes for Big Oil during debate on H.R. 1230.
0: House Democrats who voted for $30 billion in Medicare cuts in the FY 2012 budget resolution that was passed by the House on April 15.
4: Republicans who voted against $30 billion in Medicare cuts in the FY 2012 budget.
44: Senators who voted to close Big Oil tax loopholes and use savings to offset health care costs.
Public supports ending tax breaks
66 percent : The proportion of Americans who say gas prices are taking a toll on their personal finances, according to a recent CNN poll.
74 percent: The proportion of Americans who favor “ eliminating tax credits for the oil and gas industry ,” according to a NBC News/Wall Street Journal survey.
2-to-1: The margin by which “ Republican voters support ending subsidies ” for oil companies.
What oil tax dollars could buy
$21 billion reduction in the federal budget deficit by enactment of the Close Big Oil Tax Loopholes Act (S. 940), which would close tax loopholes for the big five oil companies over the next 10 years.
$30 billion for Medicare if tax loopholes were eliminated for all Big Oil companies. This would offset the Medicare cuts in the fiscal year 2012 budget resolution that was passed by the House on April 15.
$1 billion could pay the salaries of 18,000 high school teachers earning an average of $55,000 per year.
$1 billion could pay for 251,000 Pell Grants to aspiring college students. These grants are essential to help these scholars pay for tuition, and averaged $3,984 apiece in 2011.
Take Action: Sign up at Underground Newz Forum (updates, direct actions, boycotts, sabotage-tactics, hacktivism) and be a part of change, today.
This blog has been shifted!
(Due to Censorship) Blog has been shifted to:
http://www.copsrcorrupt.com/
Articles and videos from now on will be posted at:
Underground America Inc.
Every share makes Black Voice louder! Share To
A video going viral shows an unarmed Black man, Matthew McGee pulled over by the Darien police while he rode to work. The video further shows the police calling for backup after McGee handed his license to her upon request.
Matthew McGee posted a video on youtube of what seems to be an unnecessarily lengthy interrogation by the Darien police as he was riding his bike to his job at the Tokeneke County Club. This video has since gone viral and viewed by over 31,000 people amidst a nationwide tension following the recent killing of Black men by the police.
In the video, the officer gave her reason for stopping McGee to be that, there have been series of burglaries in the area and wanted to find out if he has witnessed anything like that. But after he answered her, the officer called for a backup and another cruiser could be seen approaching the scene.
An online petition has since come up, demanding an apology from the Darien Police to the Black man. Also, there has been a call for the police to take part in a racial sensitivity training.
Moreover, a statement from the First Selectmen, Jayme Stevenson indicates that the officer did nothing wrong and hence, the interaction was dexterous. She said, “The officers have spoken to many people in that neighborhood, including the gentleman on the bike, regarding what, if anything, they may have seen on the day of the burglary,” she also added that “If this gentleman rides his bike via this route each day to and from his job, he may have seen something. From what little can be seen of our officer's interactions with the gentleman, the interactions were very professional.”
The situation is apparently not violent. Definitely, police officers have a right to question anyone but the officer obviously didn't need any backup as the man was not resisting or insulting her in any way. She had no reason to feel threatened.
The man was hurrying to his job and the officer could have just asked for his ID and let him go without calling for a backup, making him wait for so long. The reason for this police behavior is racial profiling. They see Black people as suspects even if they had done nothing wrong; yet at the very point their innocence is proven, they still act based on their prejudice and not on facts or the law.
Ensure to visit this page for all exclusive news and updates. Kindly SHARE this article on any social media of your choice.
After a tumultuous week in Washington, Kirk Cousins is rather fired up after the largest comeback in team history Sunday.
"You like that! You like that!" Cousins yelled as he walked to the locker room after leading the Redskins on the 24-point comeback against Tampa Bay.
He was indeed directing the message at the media, although it appeared to be in fun. Cousins told Dan Steinberg of the Washington Post that the comments were directed at Tarik El-Bashir of Comcast Sports Mid-Atlantic. Steinberg wrote Cousins was "joking" and happy. That's how Kirk Cousins looks when he's happy.
"I mean, I just get really fired up after we win, that's all it is, just fired up," Cousins said.
Bashir took in the spirit it was intended.
"I was cracking up," he wrote. "I took it as, 'Are you not entertained?'"
Oh, we are.
Donald Trump has tapped lawyer John Gore, who defended the University of North Carolina system in a legal challenge over the state's anti-LGBT law, to be the deputy assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division.
Gore is a partner at Jones Day, the Trump campaign's law firm. Jones Day announced that Gore and several other lawyers with the firm will be joining the Trump administration.
If Jeff Sessions is confirmed by the Senate as attorney general, he would oversee Gore.
Gore defended the University of North Carolina system in a lawsuit challenging the state's HB2 law, which barred transgender people from using the public bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity. Gore withdrew as counsel on the case last week.
Gore graduated from the University of Texas School of Law in 2005 and now works out of the Washington, D.C. office of Jones Day. At Jones Day, Gore has recently worked on antitrust cases involving the health care industry as well as redistricting cases. Gore defended the former Republican majority leader of the New York state Senate in a redistricting case in 2011 and 2012. He also helped Republicans in Florida gain approval of redistricting plans in 2012.
Correction: This article originally misstated that Gore will need Senate confirmation. The Senate does not need to confirm deputy assistant attorney general positions. We regret the error.
Wegmans released sketches and announced plans to hire 550 workers for its new Natick store the company said is scheduled to open in the spring of 2018. The new store will be located in the Natick Mall, and sketches released show what appears to be a covered walkway from the upper floor of the store to a parking area. The Natick Wegmans is a first-of-its-kind concept for the grocery store chain. The space, a former department store with direct access to the mall, will house the 134,000-sq. ft. supermarket on two floors, including more than 100 seats for in-store food court dining. According to the company, another 12,500 square feet on the second floor will feature two restaurant concepts. The company did not specify what the concepts would be, but it's currently testing a seafood bar in some of its Virginia locations, a burger bar in one upstate New York location (and soon to be Medford location), an Italian restaurant and wine bar concept in its Rochester, New York location and a sushi/seafood/sustainable ingredients concept called "Next Door" also in the Rochester area. The company said of the 550 jobs they are looking to fill, there are 225 full-time positions to be filled starting now. Job seekers should apply online at Wegmans.com or call 508-960-0104 for more information.
Wegmans released sketches and announced plans to hire 550 workers for its new Natick store the company said is scheduled to open in the spring of 2018.
The new store will be located in the Natick Mall, and sketches released show what appears to be a covered walkway from the upper floor of the store to a parking area.
Advertisement
The Natick Wegmans is a first-of-its-kind concept for the grocery store chain. The space, a former department store with direct access to the mall, will house the 134,000-sq. ft. supermarket on two floors, including more than 100 seats for in-store food court dining.
Wegmans Image This artist rendering released by Wegmans shows their new location at the Natick Mall that is scheduled to open in the spring of 2018.
According to the company, another 12,500 square feet on the second floor will feature two restaurant concepts. The company did not specify what the concepts would be, but it's currently testing a seafood bar in some of its Virginia locations, a burger bar in one upstate New York location (and soon to be Medford location), an Italian restaurant and wine bar concept in its Rochester, New York location and a sushi/seafood/sustainable ingredients concept called "Next Door" also in the Rochester area.
The company said of the 550 jobs they are looking to fill, there are 225 full-time positions to be filled starting now.
Job seekers should apply online at Wegmans.com or call 508-960-0104 for more information.
AlertMe
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1
Eyes Of The World ->
Walkin' Blues
Brown Eyed Women
Dark Star ->
When I Paint My Masterpiece
Loose Lucy
Cassidy
Might As Well
Set 2
Dark Star ->
Saint Of Circumstance ->
Ship Of Fools ->
Dark Star ->
Truckin' ->
New Speedway Boogie ->
Dark Star ->
Uncle John's Band ->
Dark Star ->
Drums ->
Space ->
China Doll ->
Playing In The Band ->
Dark Star ->
Sugar Magnolia
Encore
The Weight
Notes
---------------------------------------------------------
Source Info
SBD
SBD: Master Dat (44.1k) > Dat Clone
Transfer Info: Dat (Sony R500) > SEK'D Prodif Plus > Samplitude
v7.02 Professional -> SHN
Via: The immortal, unstoppable Charlie Miller
AUD
FOB: B&K 4011's > Neumann BS48i power supplies > Aiwa/HHB1Pro DAT
Taper: Curtis Claymont
Location: "Sweet Spot" FOB, DFC
---------------------------------------------------------
Tech Notes
SHNs were decoded to wave and SF 6.0 was used to reassemble
the tracks back to 1 long wave. CEP2.0 was used to align &
synch both of the sources. CEP2.0 used to adjust the volume
for the SBD & AUD. This is a 60% SBD, 40% AUD mix.
- Mixed by dan@am-dig.com
- FLAC conversion done 17-JUN-2005
- Artwork by dan@am-dig.com 300dpi - For best results print
at the highest resolution onto glossy photo paper. Design
for use with a clear slim double jewel case.
---------------------------------------------------------
Notes
d1t09 approx 0.621 seconds of crowd cheer missing after the
last song and before Bob Weir's comments "We'll be back in a
little bit". Strange. The AUD was trimmed to match and the
result is smooth and undetectable.
d1t08 at 51:57.173 the levels increase by approx +6db on the
FOB. I reduced the levels to match the rest of the recording
by doing a gradual decrease in gain. This is smooth and is most
likely undetectable.
d2t09 Level drop significantly on the FOB from 57:36.956 to
57:47.500 for a total of 10.544. Doing a gradual increase
in gain I raised this low level portion +10db. This smooth
and is most likely undetectable.
d2t09 13.220 seconds missing of drums, just before space is
about to start on the SBD source. This is not only very
difficult to explain why but was really hard to find exactly
where to make a patch. I was finally able to get a good
idea where this was and patch it with the FOB. This smooth
and most likely undetectable.
---------------------------------------------------------
Editorial Comments
I felt it worthy to include a few observations/opinions.
This is another strange 1991 SBD. Let me explain. Quite
a few digital SBD's for the 1991 year are in circulation.
I am sure some of you have noticed a sorta strange sound
quality to them. What makes them sound they way they do
is unknown to me. I'd call them too digital. They tip-
toe along the edge of blurry. If I had to guess I would
think a portable DAT deck was being fed an analog signal
into the line in. And although the levels were set
appropriately the deck was overloaded by 'too hot' a feed
from the SBD.
This 1991 SBD source is very similar to many others 1991
shows. 4/27/91, 6/22/91, 8/16/91, 9/8/91 thru 9/18/91 to
name a few. These sources have a good mix and are clear as
a bell, yes, but also sound too digital. Too much of a
hard edge to them. Perhaps the decks were overloaded,
maybe it was a poor A to D chip.
The FOB used for this mix is excellent. An 'in-your-face'
recording with a nice rowdy feel to it. A great compliment
to the SBD. While it doesn't completely 'fix' the overly
digital sound of the SBD it does help.
A good listening spot. Check out where it sounds as if the
Dead are about to head into Dark Star in the middle of
the first set. Listen to the crowd reaction to Dark Star
and then when they break to Masterpiece. This is really fun
in 5.1 and on the matrix. A great moment in GD history.
I remember wondering to myself if this was going to be a
long 1 set show like Foxboro 1987. After opening the show
with Eyes Of The World and then this Dark Star exploration,
there was really a feeling of anything could happen.
Good show, overrated show, Vince or not, what can and should
be said is this show it is truly an extraordinarily unique
Grateful Dead performance.
---------------------------------------------------------
Additional Formats
This show is available in the following formats:
1. The straight DSBD and FOB: B&K 4011's
2. SBD + AUD Matrix Mix at 16/44 CD
Jahessye Shockley File, AP Photo/Glendale Police Department
(CBS/KPHO) PHOENIX - Although last week's disappearance of Jhessye Shockley has been covered faithfully by local media, the grandmother of the 5-year-old Arizona girl is wondering why her granddaughter's case has received very little national coverage.
"I want the national media to pick it up. I won't stop until they do. I don't know why it's not national now," said Shirley Johnson, Shockley's grandmother, CBS affiliate KPHO reports. "They have that ability to send out to other states. They have that ability to make sure someone from across the nation (knows) what is going on."
Jhessye Shockley was last seen on Oct. 11 at her Glendale home by her three older siblings while their mother was running an errand. Police believe she left their apartment through the front door but don't know what happened next. Police said Monday they now believe the 5-year-old was most likely kidnapped.
Paul Penzone, a retired Phoenix police sergeant and child advocate, said he's also noticed the dearth of national coverage, KPHO reports.
"I don't know what's missing or why, but in our community this is a big deal. We'd hope it would get national media in hopes of getting a successful recovery," said Penzone.
Penzone, who was formerly a spokesperson for Silent Witness, a group that combats domestic violence, now works as a panelist on The Nancy Grace Show.
"I have spoken to producers there and kind of put a bug in their ear, saying please keep an eye on this case. This is a precious little girl, and maybe you guys can take a look at covering this and help them find her," said Penzone. "Continued coverage absolutely is critical. The eyes of the community are going to be the biggest tool for law enforcement if this little girl is somewhere where she can be seen and recovered."
More on Crimesider
October 17, 2011 - Police: Missing 5-yr.-old Arizona girl was likely kidnapped
October 13, 2011 - Search for Ariz. girl, 5, missing since Tuesday
Evangelical advisers of President Trump have requested a meeting with Pope Francis to quell criticism from Vatican allies over the political direction of American Catholics.
The dispute began when a Catholic and a Presbyterian leader close to the pontiff accused conservative American Catholics of forming a Christian alliance of “hate” with evangelical fundamentalists when they support Trump.
In July, a prominent Jesuit journal published with the Vatican's approval criticized conservative U.S. Catholics for joining what it described as the political radicalization of conservative evangelicals.
The authors of the article accuse the groups of seeking a politically expedient alliance to promote a “nostalgic dream of a theocratic type of state” and a “xenophobic and Islamophobic vision that wants walls.” One of the co-authors, Antonio Spadaro, the editor of La Civiltà Cattolica and a person who is close to Pope Francis, has said that the Vatican's Secretariat of State read and approved the piece.
Johnnie Moore, an evangelical advisor to Trump and a board member of the National Association of Evangelicals, sent a letter to Pope Francis requesting the meeting on behalf of some U.S. evangelical leaders, including those close to the president. He sent the request to the Archdiocese of Washington and other intermediaries on Aug. 3.
“Rather than being offended, we have chosen to attempt to make peace,” Moore says. “We would be willing to get on a plane tomorrow to Rome to meet with whoever, whenever to create a space for dialogue instead of conflict.”
Moore acts as an unofficial spokesperson for Trump's circle of evangelical advisors. The group includes Trump's longtime spiritual advisor, Florida televangelist Paula White; Baptist pastor Jack Graham; president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference Samuel Rodriguez Jr.; president of the American Association of Christian Counselors Tim Clinton; and past president of the Southern Baptist Convention Ronnie Floyd.
None were specifically named in the La Civiltà Cattolica article, which argued in broad strokes that fundamentalist evangelical and Catholic factions have united over time. The piece did call out White House strategist Steve Bannon and the social conservative group the Council for National Policy. The White House, Moore says, was not involved in his decision to reach out to the Vatican. The Archdiocese of Washington declined to comment about the letter.
The La Civiltà Cattolica article is the latest evidence of a rift between the Pope and the President, and it has spawned extensive debate in Catholic and evangelical circles in recent weeks. The article accuses conservative Catholic and evangelical fundamentalists—who largely supported Trump's election—of misreading the Bible to promote conflict for their political purposes. The authors caution against the prosperity gospel theology, and the use of anti-abortion and anti-gay marriage values as political mobilizing tools. They contrast the growth of these trends in conservative U.S. religious communities to Pope Francis' message of inclusion. “Francis wants to break the organic link between culture, politics, institution and Church,” they write.
Tension between Pope Francis' agenda and Trump's has been pronounced from the start, especially on migration and environmental policy. Pope Francis said it was “not Christian” to build a wall to keep out migrants, contradicting one of Trump's main policy priorities, and he has also expressed concern that “demagogic” populism has been rising across the world. Last week, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops leadership opposed a White-House backed proposal to create a merit-based immigration system. More broadly, Pope Francis' leadership has helped to reset Catholicism's influence in American politics in recent years, as Rome seemed to favor a Democratic policy agenda versus a Republican one.
Conservative evangelicals may have had a more prominent role in Trump's campaign than Catholics did, but the Vatican and the Trump White House also share commitments on other priorities. Both oppose to abortion, and both Pope Francis and Trump tweeted their support this summer for Charlie Gard, the terminally ill British infant whose case attracted support from social conservative U.S. activists. The Vatican and the White House also both prioritize protecting religious minorities, especially Christians, in the Middle East and in regions controlled by the Islamic State. Top U.S. Catholic and evangelical leaders stood together in the Rose Garden in May when Trump signed an executive order to give religious groups “regulatory relief” from the Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate. Fighting global human trafficking is another shared goal, one that First Daughter and White House advisor Ivanka Trump promoted when visiting the Vatican earlier this year.
“We think it would be of great benefit to sit together and to discuss these things,” Moore's letter to Pope Francis reads. “Then, when we disagree we can do it within the context of friendship. Though, I'm sure we will find once again that we agree far more than we disagree, and we can work together with diligence on those areas of agreement.”
Correction: The original version of this story misstated the religion of the authors of the La Civiltà Cattolica article. One is Catholic and one is Presbyterian, they are not both Catholic.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Ernie is an orange Muppet character on the long running PBS children's television show, Sesame Street. He and his roommate Bert form the comic duo Bert and Ernie, one of the program's centerpieces, with Ernie acting the role of the naïve troublemaker and Bert the world weary foil.
Character [ edit ]
Ernie has a distinctive, chuckling laugh (a trait he shares with his baby cousin, Ernestine). His appearance and clothing contrast noticeably with Bert, as he is the shorter and stouter of the pair, wears a shirt with horizontal stripes as opposed to Bert's vertical ones, and has a head that is wider than it is high. In addition, Ernie has no visible eyebrows, while Bert displays a unibrow.
Ernie is well known for his fondness for baths with his Rubber Duckie, and for trying to learn to play the saxophone. Ernie is also known for keeping Bert awake at night, for reasons such as wanting to play the drums, wanting to count something (like sheep), to observe something like a blackout, or even because he is waiting for his upstairs neighbor to drop his shoes.
Many Ernie and Bert sketches involve Ernie wanting to play a game with Bert, who would much rather do something else (like read). Ernie keeps irking Bert with the game until Bert joins — and usually, by the time Bert starts enjoying the game, Ernie is tired of playing the game and wants to do something else.
Other sketches have involved them sharing some food by dividing it equally, only for one of them to have a bit more than the other, leading Ernie to make it even by eating the extra piece. Ernie makes appearances without Bert. He has regularly appeared in skits with Cookie Monster, Sherlock Hemlock and Lefty the Salesman. From Season 33 (2002) until Season 36 (2005), he and Big Bird starred in a daily segment called "Journey to Ernie".
Ernie was one of the hosts of the show Play with my Sesame. One regular segment that he hosted was "Ernie Says", a variation of "Simon Says".
Movies, songs and specials [ edit ]
Ernie sang about his affection for Rubber Duckie in a skit, which aired during the first season of Sesame Street. The song from that skit – titled "Rubber Duckie" – became a modest mainstream hit, reaching No. 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 in September 1970.[1]
Ernie has appeared in both of the Sesame Street movies. In Follow That Bird, he and Bert searched for Big Bird by plane. Ernie piloted the plane, and eventually, after they found Big Bird, he flew the plane upside-down, singing "Upside Down World". However, after they lost Big Bird, Ernie blamed Bert.
In The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland, Ernie and Bert served as hosts, interrupting the movie whenever it looks like something bad is about to happen. Bert was worried about the bad bits, but Ernie clammed him by saying "Bert, nothing bad is going to happen!". Ernie reveals in Sesame Street Episode 257 that his favorite activities include watching parades, circuses and going to birthday parties.
A typical Bert and Ernie skit has Ernie coming up with a hare brained idea, and Bert trying to talk him out of it ending with Bert losing his temper, while Ernie becomes oblivious to his own bad idea. Other sketches have involved Bert and Ernie sharing a snack by division, but finding that one of them has a bit more; Ernie humorously decides to try to make it even by eating the extra piece, which goes forth until the entire snack is all eaten up.
Others have also involved Ernie eating part of Bert's snack he prepares for himself, and when Bert comes back from somewhere Ernie tries to make several attempts to cover up the crime in front of Bert, which is not successful mostly. Some other plotlines involved Ernie wanting to play a game with Bert who wants to do something else; he continues playing until he gets Bert in, but when Bert finally wants to continue playing the game Ernie is tired of playing, and wants to do something else.
The age of Bert and Ernie is regularly discussed on forums. Nothing official has ever been said, but most consider the duo adults, as they do not appear to be highly dependent on others. Helping suggestions of the characters being young is a comment by Sesame Street Live performer, Taylor Morgan.
Morgan said to the Macon Telegraph that "I just kind of try to think like a six year old or a seven year old, because that's how old Bert is."[2] However, Bert's twin brother Bart is depicted as a traveling salesman, which would mean Bert (and probably Ernie) are both adults.
Ernie also appeared in the finales of The Muppet Movie and The Muppets Take Manhattan, in the last of which he got a line.
In Christmas Eve on Sesame Street, Ernie decided to buy Bert a cigar box to store his paper clips in. However, as he did not have any money, he traded his own Rubber Duckie for it. At the same time, Bert decided to get Ernie a soap dish to put his Rubber Duckie in, so that it wouldn't keep falling into the tub, but had to trade his paper clips for it. However, Mr. Hooper could tell that neither of them really wanted to give up their prized possessions, so Mr. Hooper gave them their things back as presents.
Ernie and Bert introduced a montage of Sesame Street clips in The Muppets: A Celebration of 30 Years. Ernie also narrated a Christmas pageant, 'Twas the Night Before Christmas, in A Muppet Family Christmas. In that same special, Ernie and Bert had a conversation with Doc, making them the only Sesame Street characters (not counting Kermit the Frog) to have interacted with Doc.
In Sesame Street... 20 Years & Still Counting, he and Bert got a new video camera, and he talked Bert into using the camera to record footage of Sesame Street so that they could watch Sesame Street on television.
Jim Henson's original Ernie puppet is currently on display at the Center for Puppetry Arts in Atlanta, Georgia.
Performing Ernie [ edit ]
Ernie is a "Live-Hand Muppet," meaning that while operating the head of the puppet with his right hand, the puppeteer inserts his left hand into a T shaped sleeve, capped off with a glove that matches the fabric "skin" of the puppet, thus "becoming" the left arm of the puppet. A second puppeteer usually provides the right arm, although sometimes the right arm is simply stuffed and pinned to the puppet's chest or the second puppeteer will perform both arms. The original segment of the song "I Don't Want To Live On The Moon" was one of the rare instances when Ernie's full body was shown. It reportedly took 3 puppeteers to perform Ernie in this segment: Jim Henson performed Ernie's head and left hand, while two other puppeteers operated Ernie's right hand and feet respectively.
Other puppets of this type include Cookie Monster, Fozzie Bear, Beaker, and Bunsen Honeydew.
International [ edit ]
Sesame Street is localized for some different markets, and Ernie is often renamed. For instance, in episodes that are aired in Portugal, Ernie's name has been changed to Egas, in Brazil his name is Ênio, in Spain he is renamed "Epi", in Latin America his name is "Enrique", on Egyptian Alam Simsim (Sesame World) Ernie's name is given as "Shadi" (rhyming with Bert's which is "Hadi"), in Russia he has also known as Yenik (Еник), in Turkey he is named "Edi", in Israel he is called "Arik" (אריק) and in Norway he is known as "Erling".
See also [ edit ]
Background: Isolated
You grew up in a situation where you had very little contact with the outside world—or with anyone, for that matter. You can count on one hand the number of people you interacted with regularly during a large portion of your early life. While you are not totally uncivilized, having so few points of contact with the outside world has left odd marks on your behavior.
Skill Proficiencies: Perception, Stealth
Tool Proficiencies: Choose two from gaming sets, musical instruments and artisan tools
Equipment: A set of common clothes, a set of bone dice or playing cards, a comfort item to fidget with (a very smooth stone, a useless metal contraption, a worn piece of cloth, or something similar), 5 candles, and a pouch of 10 gp.
A Lonely Life
Something that happened in your childhood or early life resulted in an extended period of isolation from society and confinement in a small area. Choose one of the following options or roll on the table to determine the situation you developed in. Also consider what changed in your life that motivated you to leave the place you were so accustom to and set out on adventures.
d8 Reason For Isolation 1 I was taken by a dragon or other intelligent creature and kept in their lair as a trophy or pet. 2 I am an illegitimate child of an important family, and my parents hid me away to protect their reputation. 3 A kidnapper, mad magical scientist, or abusive family kept me locked away and did horrible things to me. 4 A disease kept me bedridden for a long time. 5 I was raised in an isolated monastery or cult with very few members. 6 I suffer from extreme agoraphobia and refused to leave my home for a good part of my life. 7 I was a social outcast, and decided I was better off keeping to myself and not leaving home. 8 My family lived in the middle of nowhere, and I was never one for exploring the surrounding area.
Feature: Boredom Resistance
Having grown accustom to an environment where excitement is hard to find, you handle boredom and tedium far better than most. You are able to perform exceptionally boring or infuriatingly repetative tasks an ordinary person would not have the patience for, as long as you are otherwise comfortable and not in danger. For example, you can wait in the same place for a week without feeling the need to wander as long as you have enough supplies, or you can listen to a stranger ramble on for hours about a topic you have no interest in while pretending to be engaged the whole time.
Suggested Characteristics
Isolated characters are often naive to the outside world and find many parts of it alien or confusing. They may approach it with enthusiasm, wishing to become a part of society, or they may be resistant and regard the world with fear and suspicion.
“You can't understand how incredibly scary it was for him to sit down at the table of the F.D.A. Anti-Viral Advisory Committee as the ‘P.W.A. representative' and take on the scientific establishment,” David Barr, an original TAG member, wrote in a Facebook post about Mr. Cox. He added: “It took incredible courage and a whole lot of arrogance. You need to understand how lonely it was to sit at those tables, how much you felt like a complete fraud, yet also right and right to be there.”
Photo
In 1995, when antiretroviral drugs known as protease inhibitors began to show promise for treating AIDS patients, Mr. Cox designed a human drug trial for one of the earliest, ritonavir, which was being developed by Abbott Laboratories. The trial created two groups: one would continue taking the medications already prescribed by their doctors and receive a placebo, the other would continue on their medications and also receive ritonavir.
The plan was controversial because no one wanted to receive a placebo, and many AIDS patients and activists believed the best course of action was to approve the drug first and test later. Mr. Cox's design, however, allowed for both speedy data gathering and a relatively accelerated approval process.
After six months, those on the ritonavir had half the mortality rate of those on the placebo; the drug was approved on Feb. 28, 1996. The next day, a rival drug developed by Merck, indinavir, was approved as well.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Spencer pushed for data-driven decisions,” Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said in an interview on Wednesday. “He wanted the facts and was always very meticulous about getting good data rather than just screaming for getting something approved. It's a great loss. He was part of a historic group of people.”
Patrick Spencer Cox was born in Atlanta on March 10, 1968. His parents, Jerry and Beverly, were both accountants. At Bennington, he studied theater and literature and aspired to be an actor and playwright. He discovered he was H.I.V. positive shortly after arriving in New York. His mother and brother survive him.
A young Mr. Cox can be seen in the documentary about Act Up, “How to Survive a Plague.” In recent years he wrote on AIDS issues for POZ and other publications, and founded a short-lived organization called the Medius Institute for Gay Men's Health, which was concerned with issues faced by gay men, including loneliness, depression and substance abuse.
Mark Harrington, the executive director of TAG, said Mr. Cox himself struggled with an addiction to methamphetamines. Some months ago, he said, a despairing Mr. Cox had apparently stopped taking his medication.
“He saved the lives of millions, but he couldn't save his own,” Mr. Harrington said.
TSMC has some serious work to do, as it has been contracted by Apple to deliver its 10 nm chipset next year and now by Huawei to also make its next gen HiSilicon Kirin CPU. It's the Kirin 970, based on TSMC tech and rivalling the latest Snapdragon, Exynos and MediaTek chips.
The 10 nm Kirin 970 should be ready around next fall, perhaps for the Huawei Mate 10. It'll go against the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, developed with the aid of Samsung's 10 nm tech, plus the MediaTek Helio X30 also with 10 nm tech. Samsung already started production of 10 nm chips and they probably also have their own Exynos version of it.
Intel is expected to also get on board in Q3 2017, first with a trial production of 10 nm chips. Kirin 970 is going to be an octa core CPU, with 4 ARM Cortex A73 cores and 4 ARM Cortex A53 cores. LTE Category 12 will be supported and there will be a performance bump from the 16 nm Kirin 960, as well as lower consumption.
via technews.tw
A St. Paul woman admitted her night of partying included mixing wine and the painkiller Percocet before she sped through downtown Minneapolis and fatally hit a man.
The reason Teisha Yovonne Randle was celebrating last October: She'd just learned she was pregnant.
Randle pleaded guilty Monday, April 8, to two counts of criminal vehicular homicide in the death of Austin Conley, an Augsburg College student.
Hennepin County District Judge Daniel Moreno accepted her plea and set sentencing for April 22, five days after Randle's 28th birthday.
A prosecutor told the judge the state would ask for a four-year sentence. Randle's defense attorney said she'd be asking for three years.
Randle dabbed tears as she answered questions from Assistant County Attorney Krista White and defense attorney Carolina Lamas. Conley's family members, sitting in the front row of the gallery, also sobbed.
The family declined to comment after the hearing but said they'd be giving victim-impact statements when Randle is sentenced.
Afterwards, Lamas said her client was very sorry for what she'd done — so sorry that she ended her pregnancy after being charged.
“She feels she can't bring a life into this world knowing she's taken one,” Lamas said.
Conley, 20, of Minneapolis was struck by a speeding Chevy Lumina about 2:50 a.m. Oct. 27 as he and some friends crossed Third Street North at First Avenue North in the Minneapolis Warehouse District.
The car hit him twice. The first impact knocked him out of his black canvas sneakers and flung him into the air. The car hit him again as he fell and dragged him down the street.
Despite witness statements to the contrary, Randle denied that she'd been drinking vodka or had been swerving in and out of downtown Minneapolis traffic.
Randle, who was studying to be a pharmacy technician, was driving on a revoked license. It had never been reinstated after she pleaded guilty to driving while impaired in 2006.
She had been placed on a year's probation in that case but violated it by failing to attend a court-ordered Mother Against Drunk Driving victim-impact panel and not paying restitution and her fine.
On the night she killed Conley, she had been partying at a friend's house and the Imperial Club in Minneapolis. She told Moreno she'd had a glass of wine at the friend's house because a friend was celebrating a birthday and Randle was celebrating her pregnancy. Randle claimed that the wine was the only alcohol she'd consumed that night.
But witnesses said she drank at the house from a bottle of peach-flavored Ciroc vodka she brought. At the Imperial Club, witnesses later told investigators, she mixed at least one drink for herself from a bottle of Grey Goose vodka she'd chipped in to buy for her table.
Randle had also taken some strong medicine that night. She has admitted to taking at least four Percocet, a painkiller a doctor had prescribed her for migraines. And she also had taken some Robitussin with codeine for a cough.
The criminal complaint said that when the group got up to leave, witnesses said Randle was “wobbling as she walked” and that at least two of her friends questioned whether she was sober enough to drive.
Witnesses — including an off-duty sheriff's deputy — reported seeing her speed and swerve through traffic, cutting off other cars.
Randle told the judge she was speeding in an attempt to make it through a row of stoplights. She'd made it through two. Conley was crossing at the third.
“You were driving very fast downtown, right?” Lamas asked her.
“Yes.”
“You were going faster than the speed limit?”
“Yes.”
The speed limit is 30 mph. Randle told the judge she was going 35 to 40 mph. The off-duty sheriff's deputy estimated her speed at perhaps 50 mph when she hit Conley.
Under questioning by White, Randle acknowledged speeding but denied speeding up after hitting Conley.
“I never sped up,” she said.
She also denied that she drove through a red light at the intersection where she killed Conley.
“That light was yellow,” she said.
Cops found Randle through tipsters. She told police she thought somebody had thrown a rock at her windshield.
Randle initially was charged with two counts of criminal vehicular homicide. In January, prosecutors added a third count, alleging she's committing the crime while intoxicated.
Randle remains free on $150,000 bail until sentencing.
The four-year prison term that White said she would ask for is the maximum under the state's sentencing guidelines.
Lamas said she would ask the judge for a more lenient sentence of three years and planned to argue that Randle was taking responsibility.
“It was a mistake that she's extremely remorseful for,” Lamas said.
David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.
Hatem Ben Arfa will be used by Newcastle United as a makeweight in their attempt to sign Lyon's Alexandre Lacazette.
The Magpies have been pursuing the 23-year-old striker all summer but have so far failed to reach an agreement with his club, while there has also been suggestion the player prefers Champions League football.
But sources in France say the two-times capped Lacazette could yet be open to a move to the Premier League and St James' Park.
Waving goodbye? Hatem Ben Arfa is set to be offered to Lyon as part of a loan deal with the Toon keen on signing Alexandre Lacazette from the French club
VIDEO Newcastle have greater attacking threat - Pardew
United have been encouraged by this and will offer Ben Arfa as bait.
He started his career at the Ligue 1 club before moving to Marseille and then Tyneside and the forward's camp have indicated he would jump at the chance of a return.
Ben Arfa is training with the reserves at present after manager Alan Pardew criticised his ‘professionalism' and it is thought there is no possibility of a reprieve.
Newcastle would have to pay a portion of the 27-year-old's £50,000-per-week wages should he join Lyon on loan, while a fee of around £15million has been quoted for pacey frontman Lacazette, who scored 23 times last season.
Polygon has received word today that NCSoft-owned Carbine Studios has laid off "around 60" employees. This is in addition to further layoffs across NCSoft's western operations.
In a statement provided to Polygon by NCSoft, the layoffs were described as part of "a restructuring of key operations with [NCSoft] West." The publisher says it is devoted to its core massively multiplayer franchises — Aion, Wildstar, Lineage, and Guild Wars — but it also plans to expand into mobile and tablet products.
According to the statement, there were "staff reductions" across all of NCSoft's western branches except for Guild Wars developer ArenaNet.
A source speaking to Polygon who wished to remain unnamed said that Carbine was especially hard-hit by the layoffs. The studio reportedly lost over 60 members of its team of a few hundred. Our source says the layoffs included Carbine employees across all levels, not just entry level or less senior staff.
Carbine was founded in 2005 and released its first game, the sci-fi MMO Wildstar, earlier this year. You can read Polygon's review of Wildstar here.
The full statement provided by NCSoft is below:
IMPUNITY, is still alive and well in the Philippines
December 2016
It may have been no accident at all when on Dec 18 th 2014, American Dan Keener, former US military, who has lived in the Philippines nearly 10 years, Is riding his motorcycle one afternoon in Dumaguete, the self-proclaimed “city of gentle people”. A slight accident occurs when Keener is bumped into by Marlo Villaflores, a Filipino. From there, Keener is accused of drunken driving and taken in hand cuffs to the Dumaguete Police station still confused what he is being arrested for. Police Superintendent James T Goforth, then the Dumaguete police chief, tells Keener he can go free after paying a fee, Keener refuses. 5 Beatings ensue leaving Keener with serious injuries. He is then thrown in jail, not yet charged with any crime. The next morning, after getting cared for by the other jailed inmates, Keener hears on the radio Chief Goforth telling listeners he has in jail an “American, who says Filipinos are corrupt!”. That afternoon Keener is formally charged, with “RESISTANCE & SERIOUS DISOBEDIANCE TO AN AGENT OF A PERSON IN AUTHORITY” and “SLIGHT ORAL DEFAMTION” of a police officer. But as Keener appropriately says to the City of Dumaguete Prosecutor, Ana Mei Dy Duran Montenegro,” to be resisting, I had to have been charged with a crime, but I was not, until right now”. Keener is never charged with drunk driving after all.
The rest of the story reads like a tale out of a fiction horror novel, but it is not. Denial after denial of motions to reschedule hearings and motions for reconsideration, Keener spends the next nearly 2 years attending hearings, flying back and forth from Manila to Dumaguete to do so. On September 13 th , 2016, the first day of the actual trial, the complainant, PNP Sup. James T Goforth , his 2 witness accomplices, and a team of 3 special prosecutors failed to appear resulting in dismissal of the case by judge Maria Corazon C. Gadugdug. In her order she states:“ The accused was also present who travelled all the way from Manila to be present in court today. None of the private prosecutors, namely Atty Neil Ray M Lagahit, Atty Arthur Fran P. Tolcidas, and Atty Conrado Conception, were in court” (neither were any of the witnesses nor the complainant, PNP Sup James T Goforth). “IN VIEW THEREOF, and in order not to violate the constitutional right of the accused to speedy trial, the Court is hereby constrained to DISMISS these cases”. Why, after all of this would the complaint not show up? Maybe it is because under oath and on the witness stand evidence would show the truth, and that would not be good, for them.
But there is more to this story, much more. On May 22 nd , 2015, Keener files counter charges of physical injury, arbitrary detention and grave threat against Goforth only to have his case resolved to be dismissed after the preliminary investigation hearing on July23rd, 2015, by a special team of prosecutors to include: associate city of Dumaguete prosecutors, Leah Medina Nazareno, Janette L. Icao, and Milmon Bryce Tenorio, and approved by OIC City prosecutor Joeseph Arnel Zerna with them jointly stating: “the fact that complainant failed to complain of his alleged beating at the very first occasion that he was examined by a doctor ( on Dec 18 th , 2014) raises a serious doubt as to the truthfulness of his claim, coupled with the fact that he also failed to submit to this office his medico-legal certificates on the examinations done on Dec 18 th and on Dec 21 , 2014. This office cannot rely solely on the medico-legal examination done on Dec 26 th 2014, or eight days after the alleged beating; a lot of other things could have happened in the time in-between and some other causes, intentional or otherwise, could have caused the injuries suffered by the complainant.” BUT the truth is this, Keener was in the provincial hospital on Dec 18 th , under guard by the very police that had previously been a party to his beating. He was having his toe nail removed as it was dangling from his bloody right foot that had been crushed by the police, and he did certainly complain. That Keener certainly did produce a medico-legal certificate dated Dec 21, done at the provincial hospital the very next day that he got out of jail which listed the many injuries reiterated by a further medico-legal examination by Doctor Bu Castro, at the Veterans Memorial Hospital when Keener returned to Manila dated Dec 26 th , 2014, the day after Christmas. All of the examinations agreed on the severity and number of injuries.
The Prosecutors then go on to say, “Moreover, the undersigned finds it unbelievable that he received ONLY about (10) injuries as reflected in his Medico-legal certificate: this just runs contrary to his contention that he was beaten by the respondent, six (6) or seven (7) times in all. Thus the undersigned respectfully recommends that the instant complaint for physical injuries be dismissed.” This becomes very interesting. Because in his counter affidavit, dated June 29 th , 2015, then chief of the Dumagete police, PNP Sup James T Goforth says this , page 2, paragraph 6 “ Complainants allegations that he was punched, kicked and knocked down by me , are all very impossible to believe. It does not take a rocket scientist to know that these irregular actions as alleged by complainant are contrary to law, reason and against my duties as PNP chief. Not to mention that here were also several persons present in the police station, both uniformed personnel and private civilians as well. Obviously, the physical injuries sustained by the complainant could not have been inflicted by anyone but were sustained by reason of the traffic accident which he himself admitted. Complainant was already injured and bleeding during the traffic accident scene and before he was brought to the PNP station. He might have been unconscious with this since he was very intoxicated at that time and he was acting very arrogant, violent, and disrespectful.” This statement by goforth is completely overlooked by the team of 4 prosecutors who by now you can see are not interested in any real search for truth, or justice. These so-called prosecutors also overlook this, in his “Expert Affidavit” dated July 16 th , 2015, Dr. Bu Castro, a legal medical doctor with outstanding credentials to include “ As a pathologist, I have done at least 2,000 cases of autopsies involving both deaths of natural cause and deaths of unnatural cause, and I have attended to at least 2,500 living cases involving physical injuries affecting the external parts of the body and the internal organs. I have testified in courts for at least 1,500 times already and one of my expert testimonies was upheld by the Supreme Court in the case of CRUZ vs. COURT OF APPEALS, 282 SCRA 193;” says this about Keener's injuries;
“On the “ Hematoma, Multiple – (a) Abdominal area, right lateral subcostal, 4.5 cm x 3.0 cm; (b) Abdominal area, left mid-antero-lateral area, 6.0 cm x 3.0 cm ”
7.1. The above findings could not be attributed to the motorcycle incident or accident. The point of impact of the incident involved the left rear side of Mr. Keener's motorcycle, away from the site of the injuries. The above injuries could have only occurred in a separate incident specifically due to blunt object/s with strong impact or sudden strong force applied on the site of the injuries.
On the “ Contusion and Swelling, Multiple – (a) Left fronto-temporal area, 3.5 cm x 3.5 cm; (b) Right abdominal area, linear, right mid-lateral area; (c) Left lower leg, with linear bruises, mid-antero-lateral area, 5.0 cm x 6.0 cm; (d) Right lower leg, antero-lateral, lower 3rd; (e) Left forearm, with confluent bruises, distal 3rd, postero-medial, 3.0 cm x 3.0 cm; (f) Right forearm, distal 3rd, antero-lateral, with linear bruises, 3.0 cm x 3.0 cm; (g) Right thigh, with hematoma, lateral, proximal 3rd , 10.0 cm x 4.0 cm; ”
7.2. Again, the above findings could not be attributed to the motorcycle incident or accident. The point of impact of the incident or accident was away from the various sites of the injuries. The above injuries could have only occurred in a separate incident specifically due to either (a) hard object/s with blunt edges with strong impact or sudden strong force applied on the left side of the head, (b) hard object/s with blunt edges with strong impact or sudden strong force applied to the extremities and the torso or body;
On the “ Crushing Injury, right big toe, with hematoma and swelling s/p removal of crushed toenail at Negros Oriental Provincial Hospital ”
7.3. There was no way that the crushing injury of the right toe of his right foot could be connected with the vehicular accident. Again, the point of impact of the motorcycle accident was on the left rear side of Mr. Keener's motorcycle. The right foot is normally on the right foot rest when driving a motorcycle. During the point of impact, his right foot could not be involved, considering the location or position of his right foot and the point of impact which was on the left rear side. The possible cause of the crushing injury is a strong impact by a hard, blunt object coming from an upper or elevated source. It could not be attributed to the motorcycle accident.
8. In summary and in general therefore, there was no impact of the other motorcycle driven by Mr. Marlo Villaflores on any part of the body of Mr. Keener. Further the motorcycle of Mr. Keener, and Mr. Keener himself, did not fall to the ground belying any assumption of injuries caused by the motorcycle incident or accident.
And the team of now exposed prosecutors also failed to consider this;
“That I have worked at RUSI dealership,,,, Dumaguete for the past 6 years as a mechanic.
That I came to know an American Daniel Keener as a customer of RUSI…
That I recall on Dec 18 th , 2014 at approx. 430pm Mr Keener came to RUSI to pick up his KR175,,, that he had left for repairs.
That Mr Keener was not drunk or intoxicated in any way, he did not slur his speech or stagger in his steps.
That Mr Keener had no injuries.
That Mr Keener started his motorcycle and drove away.
That I am executing this affidavit to attest to the truth and veracity of the forgoing statements”
This being the sworn affidavit of the mechanic at RUSI whom was with Keener 10 minutes before the “accident” took place. We will not name him as that would only endanger him for no reason.
None of the evidence presented by Keener was considered at all. Only the affidavits of Goforth and his accomplices was given consideration.
After arriving at his lawyer's office at 11am on July 23 rd , 2014, returning from the HOJ Dumaguete having attended the preliminary investigation hearing against PNP SUP James T Goforth, Keener's car was then firebombed in broad daylight, on the corner of a busy street. With hundreds of people standing by, only 2 claimed to have seen 2 men wearing masks riding tandem on a motorcycle, who threw a lighted bottle of gasoline on Keener's car, an obvious warning from the mastermind, most likely the PNP chief himself, in the “city of gentle people”.
The city police were called but never came. The local media was called but also never came. The US Embassy Manila is notified, and do not even reply to what can only be legitimately called as an act of terrorism.
The current status of this case is a PETITION FOR REVIEW to the DOJ of Keener's criminal case against Goforth that was filed October 15 th , 2015 with no action by the DOJ. A complaint filed August 4 th , 2015 with the office of the Ombudsman that has been passed from office to office to office with no action being taken. Most recently November 10 th 2016, the Office of the Ombudsman Quezon city has now sent this case back to the Office of the Ombudsman Visaya, or in other words, it has taken a year and a half for Keener's case to make a full circle around the Philippines, and meanwhile not only has a very corrupt PNP cop NOT been relieved of his job as a police officer, he has been instead promoted. The case Keener filed with the Commission on Human Rights on August 4 th , 2015 with only the results that the office of the city prosecutor in Dumaguete has admitted that they “recycled” (destroyed) the audio caste tape from the July 23 rd 2015 preliminary hearing where Goforth makes numerous admissions that incriminate him in the allegations against him.
All of this over a very minor incident that caused a small scratch on a motorcycle. There are now some 60+ people involved here, including private persons, lawyers, doctors, prosecutors, judges and other officials of various government agencies and departments. It is no wonder that Philippines courts are so clogged up.A good case against a crook will be resolved to be dismissed with a finding of no probable cause, then the motion to reconsider, then another denial, then a petition for review, then the subsequent complaints against the people who failed to act on the original crime. Or the other side being, the bad case with bogus charges where a corrupt prosecutor will find probable cause and indict innocent people usually to try and extort them or as a malicious means, in most cases, where a foreigner simply made a Filipino mad, by as little as telling the truth. By the way, according to the Dumaguete police report dated December 18 th , 2014, Marlo Jay Villaflores, a Filipino, had no driver's license, no proof of registration and no license plate but was not charged in the matter. Keener on the other hand, an American, had all of his legal requirements, including legal visa status.
“I am sure that when Marlo Villaflores hit my motorcycle it was no accident.” says Keener. “I know of these set ups happening all the time here and most always the targets are foreigners. In this case, they picked the wrong guy, I do not pay bribes and I will fight back. The PNP is usually always behind it or involved in some way, they provide the system which is used over and over. Imagine that in perspective, the very people whose job it is to “protect and serve” are the ones at the center of so many crimes. But the real problem is much bigger than corruption in the Philippines National Police; it is the larger network of impunity provided by the justice system that is supposed to prosecute criminals, that instead protects, supports and enables the corrupt. Impunity is the air that corruption breathes, without impunity, corruption will die off. I hope for the sake of my family and for all Filipino people that truly love their country, the day will come when impunity does not exist and corruption has died, for the good of all”?
Dan Keener is director of a foreign based information agency that helps to provide information to persons that end up in similar situations and educate persons who do not understand this reality.
Advertisements
Our current incarnation of capitalism -- variously referred to as savage capitalism, extreme capitalism or euphemistically as the "free market" (free of any constraints) -- is in one of its periodic crises. For years many assumed that the smart people who ran the system and benefitted from it would find a practical way to fix it. The problem is that the solutions are all framed within an ideology that makes that extremely unlikely. That ideology, neo-liberalism, is like a religion. Once you are a true believer you see other solutions as heresy.
Whose 'Independent Thought' Is Andrew Coyne Plugging? read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Milton Friedman, the Chicago School economist whose extreme economic theories helped transform the English speaking world, was not fond of democracy. While most academics would shy away from suggesting that democracy was a problem, not Friedman. At a conference on Freedom, Democracy and Economic Welfare in 1986, he challenged an audience member who had placed democracy at the pinnacle of human achievement -- not so, said Friedman. "You can't say that majority voting is a basic right.... That's a proposition I object to very strenuously." He later wrote: "One of the things that troubles me very much is that I believe a relatively free economy is a necessary condition for a democratic society. But I also believe ... that a democratic society, once established, destroys a free economy."
The transnational corporations that now rule the world owe their dominance and financial capital in no small measure to the global application of Friedman's ideas. In the service free economy -- which really means unfettered capitalism and the pathological greed that underpins it -- Friedman's followers have made sure that democracy's threat has been quashed.
The illusion of 'freedom'
But the "free economy" romanticized by Friedman and his ilk is anything but. Completely dominated by giant corporations whose wealth outstrips all but the richest nations, economic freedom does not exist for anyone else, including the vast majority of businesses who are at the mercy of financial institutions and mega-corporations. This says nothing of workers whose "freedom" to sell their labour now means they are free to compete with those who earn a few dollars a day thousands of miles away from their communities.
A free economy has always been a euphemism for liberated capital, and globalization is its obvious expression. While the behaviour of genuine markets as envisioned by Adam Smith were actually rooted in the customs, mores and culture of communities, this is less and less often the case. Market behaviour is now typically that of Goldman Sachs or hedge funds. Their coldly calculated and amoral decisions affect every community on the planet and everyone living in them.
But this 30-year history of liberating capital has had exactly the effect that many predicted: a persistent consumption crisis. Capitalists cannot sell all the goods and services they are capable of producing. The crisis has been delayed a number of times -- most notably by the globalization of production.
But the 2008 meltdown stripped away all the camouflage from a system that could not prevail. In Canada as well as in other developed Western nations, the crisis has been delayed by cheap goods from China and other low-wage countries, and by the liberal use of credit. But nothing in nature or economies stays the same for long and these two factors can no longer save extreme capitalism from its crisis.
The latest report to demonstrate just how dire the situation is been actually ordered up by Jim Flaherty himself in apparent response to Justin Trudeau's focus on the middle class in his leadership campaign. The report revealed that after-tax income for the middle 20 per cent of Canadians (the classic middle class) had increased by just seven percent between 1976 and 2010 -- or .2 per cent a year. (1976 just happens to be the year that the campaign to liberate capital began in earnest.) This just reaffirms the 2008 figures from the Centre for the Study of Living Standards report, which showed just how out of balance the power of capital had become over labour. The increase in annual median earnings (adjusted for inflation) for a full-time, full-year employee between 1980 and 2005 was a mere $53 -- in other words a real increase of about $2 a year.
The myth of shared productivity gains
As stunning as that figure is, even more revealing is that labour productivity over that period increased 37 per cent. One very concrete way of comparing the power of labour and capital is to examine the share of the proceeds of increased productivity each receives. This time capital took it all -- virtually every dime over a 25 year period. Had incomes grown at the same rate as productivity, the median income would have been $56,826 in 2005 instead of $41,401. But they didn't. Capital took it all because it could, because year by year democracy and its constraints on the "market" were steadily eroded.
In that missing $15,000 a year you can find the crisis of consumption Canadian chapter. If millions of Canadian workers and families had actually kept pace with productivity, the astonishing level of debt they now face would be much lower and they would be spending money in the economy. Last October the debt to income ratio of Canadian families hit a new record of 163.4 per cent. The comparable figure in the U.S. -- where it is also considered dangerously high -- is 110 per cent. As if that wasn't bad enough, money borrowed against home equity totals $206 billion, equal to 12 per cent of Canadian GDP (it's four per cent in the U.S.).
The falsehood that Canada mainly exports
The impression left by many economic writers is that Canada is primarily an export economy, but the fact is that some 70 per cent of the economy is domestic. If people aren't spending and the global economy is struggling, capitalism has a problem. Capital, in its drive for complete liberation from community and society, has outsmarted itself. In Canada the largest corporations are now sitting on some $700 billion in cash that they can't invest in productive activity because demand has flatlined.
To solve the consumption crisis, governments and the corporations they serve need to put money back in the hands of people who will spend it. But the iconic One Per Cent can only spend so much. It is they who have scooped up most of the increased wealth in the past 30 years, creating a level of income inequality not seen since 1928. Yet, to shift income to middle and working class families would entail once again constraining capital, something no political party, not even the NDP, even hints at.
The one remaining method of increasing disposable income is, of course, cutting taxes which governments have done with reckless, ideological abandon for the past twenty years. Yet even here some 60 per cent of the total wealth "liberated" at both federal and provincial levels has gone to the wealthiest 10-15 per cent and to large corporations. For the latter these tax cuts have simply added to their mountain of unusable cash.
Tax cuts actually threaten to exacerbate the crisis, not solve it. While few CEOs dare admit it, government spending actually is the best way for corporations to externalize many of their costs: health care, education, social stability and perhaps most obviously, physical infrastructure. A CCPA study released last January concluded that Canada would have to spend $30 billion a year for the next decade to bring infrastructure spending back to historic levels. Ottawa accounted for 34 per cent of such spending in 1955 in the days when our current infrastructure was being built. But by 2003 it was down to 13 per cent.
It would be instructive for someone to calculate how much of the $700 billion of unspent corporate cash came from corporate tax cuts -- and then apply it to the social and physical deficit.
The delusion that drives government cuts
This refusal of the federal government to collect adequate revenue to address this huge deficit in infrastructure is one of the best examples of just how perverse neo-liberal ideology has become. A modern economy cannot function efficiently with crumbling infrastructure -- roads, bridges, mass transit systems, sewer and water systems -- yet government policy continues to contribute to the crisis. And this is just one category of service that corporations rely on. Cuts to education, medicare and the lack of investment in social housing and child care are equally irrational from a business perspective.
Yet the current management committee of capitalism will respond to its crisis based on the theory that got them here in the first place -- Milton Friedman's edict that democracy is the problem. The greater the crisis, the more democracy will have to constrained. If the medicine doesn't work, increase the dose. Inequality will not be addressed, it will be institutionalized.
And here you have the rationale for the gradual development of the security/surveillance state. Is the United States ahead of Canada on this front? We can't know for sure. But the massive invasion of privacy and violation of civil liberties in the U.S. exposed by whistle-lower Edward Snowden has been justified as the necessary price Americans have to pay to keep them safe from terrorism. It is more likely the price Americans -- and perhaps Canadians -- will be forced to pay as extreme capitalism anticipates future domestic resistance to its behaviour.
If you like what you read consider a donation so i can continue to make my content free to the world
Foxes Guard Facebook Henhouse
By F. William Engdahl
22 December 2016
The latest mantra of CIA-linked media since the “Pizzagate” leaks of data alleging that Hillary Clinton Campaign Manager John Podesta and other highly influential political persons in Washington were connected to an unusual pizza place near the White House run by a 41-year old James Achilles Alefantis called Comet Ping Pong, is the need to crack down (i.e. censorship) on what is being called “Fake News.” The latest step in this internet censorship drive is a decision by the murky social media organization called Facebook to hire special organizations to determine if Facebook messages are pushing Fake News or not. Now it comes out that the “fact check” private organizations used by Facebook are tied to the CIA and CIA-related NGO's including George Soros' Open Society Foundations
In the last weeks of the US Presidential campaign, Wikileaks released a huge number of emails linked to Clinton Campaign Manager, John Podesta. The contents of thousands of emails revealed detailed exchanges between Podesta and the oddly-influential Comet Ping Pong pizza place owner, Alefantis, as well as the Clinton campaign, which held fundraisers at Comet Ping Pong*.
The Pizzagate scandal exploded in the final weeks of the US campaign as teams of private researchers documented and posted Facebook, Instagram and other data suggesting that Alefantis and Comet Ping Pong were at the heart of a pedophilia ring that implicated some of the most prominent politicians in Washington and beyond.
The New York Times and Washington Post moved swiftly to assert that the Pizzagate revelations were Fake News, quoting “anonymous sources” who supposedly said the CIA “believed” Russia was behind hackers who exposed emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Hillary Clinton's campaign chair John Podesta. Former NSA senior intelligence expert William Binney claimed the Podesta and Clinton campaign data were leaked, not hacked. The NSA, he pointed out, would immediately identify a hack, especially a foreign hack, and they have remained silent.
The uncovering and release to Wikileaks of the Podesta emails were immediately blamed on Russian intelligence by the CIA, and now by the US President, with not a shred of proof, and despite the fact that NSA. Wikipedia, whose content is often manipulated by US intelligence agencies, rapidly posted a page with the curious title, “Pizzagate (Conspiracy Theory).”
To make certain the neutral interested reader gets the message, the first line reads, “Pizzagate is a debunked conspiracy theory which emerged during the 2016 United States presidential election cycle, alleging that John Podesta's emails, which were leaked by WikiLeaks, contain coded messages referring to human trafficking, and connecting a number of pizzerias in Washington, D.C. and members of the Democratic Party to a child-sex ring.”
‘Fake News' Mantra Begins
My purpose in mentioning Pizzagate details is not to demonstrate the authenticity of the Pizzagate allegations. That others are doing with far more resources. Rather, it is to point out the time synchronicity of the explosive Pizzagate email releases by Julian Assange's Wikileaks web blog, with the launch of a massive mainstream media and political campaign against what is now being called “Fake News.”
The cited New York Times article that Wikipedia cites as “debunking” the Pizzagate allegations states, “None of it was true. While Mr. Alefantis has some prominent Democratic friends in Washington and was a supporter of Mrs. Clinton, he has never met her, does not sell or abuse children, and is not being investigated by law enforcement for any of these claims. He and his 40 employees had unwittingly become real people caught in the middle of a storm of fake news.” The article contains not one concrete proof that the allegations are false, merely quoting Alefantis as the poor victim of malicious Fake News.
That New York Times story was accompanied by a series of articles such as “How Fake News Goes Viral: A Case Study.” Another headline reads, “Obama, With Angela Merkel in Berlin, Assails Spread of Fake News.” Then on November 19, strong Clinton supporter, Facebook billionaire Mark Zuckerberg is quoted in a prominent article titled, “Facebook Considering Ways to Combat Fake News, Mark Zuckerberg Says.”
Facebook uses CIA Censors
Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of the world-leading social media site, Facebook.com, the world's 5th wealthiest man at an estimated $50 billion, has now established a network of “Third Party Fact Checkers” whose job is to red flag any Facebook message of the estimated one billion people using the site, with a prominent warning that reads, “Disputed by Third-Party Fact Checkers.”
Facebook has announced that it is taking its censorship ques from something called The International Fact-Checking Network (IFCN). This IFCN, a new creation, has drafted a code of five principles for news websites to accept, and Facebook will work with “third-party fact checking organizations” that are signatories to that code of principles.
If we search under the name International Fact-Checking Network, we find ourselves at the homepage of something called the Poynter Institute for Media Studies in St. Petersburg, Florida.
OK. If we look a bit deeper we find that the Poynter Institute's International Fact-Checking Network in turn, as its website states, gets money from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Google, the National Endowment for Democracy, the Omidyar Network, the Open Society Foundations of George Soros.
Oh my, oh my! Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation who partners with Soros in numerous nasty projects such as convincing African countries to accept Genetically Modified or GMO seeds? Google, whose origins date back to funding by the CIA and NSA as what intelligence researcher Nafeez Ahmed describes as a “plethora of private sector start-ups co-opted by US intelligence to retain ‘information superiority‘ “?
The Omidyar Foundation is the foundation of eBay founder and multi billionaire, Pierre Omidyar, which finances among other projects the online digital publication, The Intercept, launched in 2014 by Glenn Greenwald, Laura Poitras and Jeremy Scahill.
And the National Endowment for Democracy (NED), the US Government-financed “private” NGO behind every Color Revolution CIA regime change from the Ukraine Color Revolutions to the Arab Spring? The NED was a CIA project created in the 1980's during the Reagan Administration as part of privatizing US intelligence dirty operations, to do, as Allen Weinstein, who drafted the Congressional legislation to establish the NED, noted in a candid 1991 Washington Post interview, “A lot of what we do today was done covertly 25 years ago by the CIA.”
And if we dig even deeper we find, lo and behold, the name George Soros, convicted hedge fund insider trader, tax-exempt philanthropist and giga-billionaire who seems to fund not only Hillary Clinton and virtually every CIA and US State Department Color Revolution from Russia to China to Iran through his network of Open Society Foundations including the 1990's Jeffrey Sachs Shock Therapy plunder of Russia and most former Communist East Europe.
Another one of the media working with Zuckerberg's Facebook censorship of Fake News is the Washington Post, today owned by Amazon billionaire founder Jeff Bezos. Bezos is a major media business partner of….The US Central Intelligence Agency, a fact he omitted to inform about after taking over ownership of the most important newspaper in Washington.
Bezos' Washington Post recently published a bizarre list of 200 websites it claimed generated Fake News. It refused to identify who gave them the list. Veteran Washington investigative reporter, Wayne Madsen, exposed the source of the McCarthy-style taboo list of so-called Fake News. It was a “website called PropOrNot.com that has links to the CIA and George Soros.”
It's not merely the Pizzagate revelations that have triggered such a massive attack on independent Internet websites. It seems that back in January 2014 at the Davos World Economic Forum control of information on the Internet was a top item of discussion. At the time, Madsen noted, “With the impending demise of World Wide Web ‘net neutrality,' which has afforded equal access for website operators to the Internet, the one percent of billionaire investors are busy positioning themselves to take over total control of news reporting on the Internet.”
* This referenced article was deleted from the GQ Website on 18 December 2016 - Alefantis appears as 49 on the magazine GQ's list of the 50 most powerful üpeople in Washington, http://www.gq.com/gallery/50-most-powerful-people-in-washington-dc.
F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”
Back
Researchers monitoring the unprecedented bloom of toxic algae along the west coast of North America in 2015 found record levels of the algal toxin domoic acid in samples from a wide range of marine organisms. The toxin was also detected for the first time in the muscle tissue or filet of several commercial fish species.
Investigations led by scientists at the University of California, Santa Cruz, help explain the extraordinary duration and intensity of the 2015 domoic acid event, the spread of the toxin through the marine food web, and its persistence in Dungeness crab months after the algal bloom disappeared from coastal waters. Ocean scientist Raphael Kudela, the Lynn Professor of Ocean Health at UC Santa Cruz, will present the latest research findings at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting in San Francisco on Friday, December 18.
Domoic acid is a potent neurotoxin produced by a type of microscopic algae called Pseudo-nitzschia that occurs naturally in coastal waters. Blooms of the toxic algae along the California coast typically occur in the spring and fall and last just a few weeks. This year, however, unusual oceanographic conditions (unrelated to El Niño) led to the largest and longest-lasting bloom ever recorded.
"The duration of the bloom and the intensity of the toxicity were unprecedented, and that led to record levels of the toxin in species such as anchovies, razor clams, and crabs," Kudela said. "We also saw the toxin in organisms and parts of organisms where we thought it was not supposed to be, like the filets of fish."
Monitoring programs
Monitoring programs are in place to ensure the safety of seafood for human consumption, leading to the closure of several west coast fisheries and the delayed opening of the Dungeness crab season. In humans, domoic acid poisoning is also known as amnesic shellfish poisoning because it may cause permanent loss of short-term memory, as well as neurological and gastrointestinal symptoms. In 1987, four people died of domoic acid poisoning in Canada after eating contaminated mussels, but such cases are rare.
The levels of toxin detected this year in the filets of salmon, rockfish, and ling cod were well below the regulatory limits, Kudela said. But once the toxin gets into the muscle tissue, it will stay in the fish and in the food web much longer than if it is just in the intestinal track.
"Before this year, it was a big question whether it gets into the filet at all," he said. "We think what happened is the bloom lasted so long and was so toxic that the prolonged exposure allowed the toxin to perfuse into the muscle tissue, and it also worked its way into the food web to an extent that we hadn't seen before."
Prolonged bloom
The prolonged bloom probably also allowed a lot of toxins to build up in sediments on the seafloor, which would explain why Dungeness crabs are still showing high levels of toxin. Previous studies by Kudela's team showed that sediments on the seafloor can hold a reservoir of toxin that lasts for months after the algal bloom goes away. "The crabs are feeding on the seafloor, and all the things they would typically eat can hold the toxin for months," he said. "It could be another month or longer before the toxin in crabs drops below the regulatory limit everywhere in California."
The good news, Kudela said, is that scientists now have a much better understanding of the factors that lead to Pseudo-nitzschia blooms. His lab has developed a forecasting model that has performed well at predicting where and when domoic acid will be a problem.
A combination of warm water and nutrients creates ideal conditions for a toxic bloom of Pseudo-nitzschia, Kudela said. That's a relatively uncommon combination along the west coast, where wind-driven upwelling of cold deep water is a major source of nutrients in coastal ecosystems. When there's no upwelling of cold water, the layer of warm water on the surface tends to be low in nutrients. Pseudo-nitzschia blooms typically occur during the transitional periods in the spring and fall, when upwelling is getting started or winding down and nutrients mix with warm water for a few weeks.
Warm blob
In 2015, however, the usual patterns were disrupted by a warm-water anomaly known as the "warm blob," which first appeared in the North Pacific west of Seattle in late 2013. In 2014, a second warm blob developed off of southern California, and in 2015 they spread into the coastal waters. "We had two pools of warm water hitting the coast in the Pacific Northwest and southern California and merging, so all at once there were warm waters over the whole west coast," Kudela said.
That warm water then interacted with coastal upwelling to create perfect conditions for Pseudo-nitzschia. Normally, the northerly winds that start in the spring blow the warm surface waters offshore, driving the upwelling of cold deep water and creating a regime of cold, nutrient-rich coastal waters that lasts until fall. In 2015, weak upwelling provided periodic injections of nutrients, but every time the upwelling got started the warm blob pushed back onto the coast.
The result was a record-breaking toxic algae bloom that started in April and lasted into early October. The size of the bloom was also unprecedented, extending from Santa Barbara to Alaska. Even in December, water samples were still occasionally showing up with domoic acid, Kudela said. "We think it's just moving offshore, and each time conditions are right it comes back in to the coast," he said. "Once a series of big winter storms comes through, that's when we'll see it go away until the following spring."
Now the big question is what the impact of El Niño will be in 2016, because El Niño also brings warm water conditions that can favor toxic algae blooms. Most of the warm water along the California coast in 2015 was from the warm blob, although El Niño probably began contributing to it later in the summer. Historically, El Niño periods have been associated with larger than normal blooms of Pseudo-nitzschia, Kudela said.
"The predictions are for this El Niño to be as strong as the one in 1997-98, when the warm water lasted through 1998. So we could be looking at a big bloom again next year," he said.
Thanks to community support for new state-of-the-art technology, children in our community Watch Dr. Bernier explain genome sequencing will be among the first in the country to benefit from rapid DNA sequencing in a hospital setting. That means families whose children have undiagnosed disorders may soon have answers in weeks, rather than years. Specialists at the Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute are leading a first-in-Canada pilot study that will screen children for every genetic disorder known to medicine – with one cutting-edge test. About 25 percent of kids at the Alberta Children's Hospital - and across the country – are in hospital due to an underlying genetic condition. Those whose conditions are among the most challenging to diagnose will be the first to be enrolled in the study. Currently, Calgary specialists can only test children for one single disorder at a time. Each test takes months for results and cost thousands of dollars. With the trial-and-error approach all that was previously available, families often suffered years of stressful, invasive procedures without answers for years, decades, or even forever. As part of the research study, using community-funded Next Generation DNA Sequencing Technology, experts from the Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute can now screen a child for 4,800 genetic disorders all at once. “For some families, this will give us more answers about their child's health with one test than we've been able to get over the course of years,” says Dr. Francois Bernier, Section Chief of Clinical Genetics at the Alberta Children's Hospital. “This can be life-changing – affecting treatment options, their expectations for the future and improving the quality of life for the whole family.” Rachael O'Neill can attest to that. Her two-year-old son, Enzo, has been a medical mystery his whole life – developing a number of conditions affecting his heart, muscles, joints and lungs. Specialists suspected he might have one of a number of very serious genetic disorders that can be fatal within three or four years. His family lived with the fear that they could lose him at any moment. Last fall, Enzo was enrolled in the research study and the Next Generation Sequencing ruled out the most devastating of these disorders . “I can't possibly describe how relieved we were to hear that news,” says Rachael. “We're so grateful that Enzo's team at the children's hospital never once gave up on trying to find answers for him. While he still has a lot of issues, there are new treatment options now and we can plan for our future with him.” Next generation sequencing technology has also helped Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute scientists identify more than 20 previously unknown genes that cause chronic illness, disability and sometimes premature death in children. “We have the community to thank for giving families – like Enzo's - more answers and new hope,” says Dr. Bernier. “We believe this is where medicine is heading. New information about the genetic origin and mechanisms of disease will help us move towards personalized care and tailored treatments for the individual child.” Learn how your support is helping kids like Enzo Dr. Francois Bernier with Enzo
To get humans to Mars, which NASA aims to do within the next couple of decades, the agency will need the right kind of propulsion technology. Right now, NASA is mostly looking to improve existing technology that will be capable of getting a spacecraft to Mars fast enough. Unfortunately, any astronauts en route to the red planet are still looking at a six-to-12 month travel time. That timeframe necessitates the creation of a craft that can hold resources — air, water, food, fuel, and much more — to sustain a crew for at least one and preferably both legs of the journey.
Is there another way? Maybe. NASA is currently working on several different types of spacecraft propulsion methods. According to a new video released by the agency, one of those is based on photonic lasers capable of sending a lightweight, 100-kilogram spacecraft to Mars in just three days time. A crewed spacecraft would itself need to endure only about 30-day travel.
Current propulsion methods rely on chemical acceleration — burning finite fuels in order make the thrusters fire. Unfortunately, fuels require space and, almost more critically, weight. Also, chemical acceleration has physical limitations.
The laser method, by contrast, utilizes electromagnetic acceleration — essentially using a very intense light source (i.e., photonics) to push the spacecraft forward. The technology has a much bigger power ceiling — meaning we could push a spacecraft faster through space — and doesn't require the space and weight considerations of fuel.
There's one big drawback: This type of system is incredibly complicated and incredibly expensive to build. You need equipment and instruments like superconducting magnets used in particle accelerators to make this work. Many experts already doubt NASA will have the funds to pull off a Mars trip using existing technology — and if that's true, they'll have no hope of getting a spacecraft to work using laser propulsion.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
So NASA wants to work now to make this kind of propulsion cost-effective and scaled for a compact space vessel. Whether they'll actually succeed is unclear — this isn't the first time someone has proposed making spaceships move via lasers, and we're years away from testing.
Moreover, it's just one of several ways NASA could get a spacecraft to Mars or through interstellar space with less difficulty. Many aerospace engineers think water (which there are tons of in space!) could make for a fantastic spacecraft propellent — either by itself, or as part of a hydrogen-based system. And there's also the notion of establishing resupply and refueling facilities on the moon or cis-lunar space to allow Mars-bound crews to carry less up to a certain point.
Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle, who arrived in Jerusalem on Tuesday, carried "no weight" in the situation, said Abdallah Frangi, a personal advisor of Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas.
Israeli fighter jets destroyed the Gaza headquarters of the National Islamic Bank on Tuesday, and the death toll there rose to more than 100, while rockets hitting Israel have killed three.
German engineering giant Siemens confirmed that around half of its 70 German employees had left Israel to go home.
A spokesman told Tuesday's Berliner Morgenpost newspaper the firm did not think the situation was dangerous enough to send them home, but had given them the option to leave.
About half had left their work servicing a gas power station at the small town of Rezer between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, which is within the range of rockets being fired from Gaza.
Diplomats across the globe have called for a cease-fire from both sides, terrified of the regional consequences of a potential Israeli ground invasion. French and Egyptian politicians have been heavily involved in trying to broker a cease-fire.
But Westerwelle was wasting his time trying to get involved, Frangi told the Rheinische Post newspaper.
He accused the German government and Chancellor Angela Merkel of ignoring the suffering of the people in Gaza and of following a one-sided policy.
"Ms. Merkel sees the right of Israel to act, but obviously she doesn't see the pictures from the Gaza Strip," he said.
Westerwelle said on his arrival in Jerusalem: "We stand by the side of our friends in Israel. Israel has the right to defend itself and its population."
Ahead of meetings with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Abbas, Westerwelle called for further efforts to be made to quickly reach a cease-fire. He also said Egypt must use its influence in the region to try to stop the violence.
The Local/DAPD/DPA/hc
I just thought I'd share this in case other people can relate.
Before I found tumblr or had heard the word “demisexual”, I just thought I was weird. I had never had “crushes” on anyone I knew, and I never really thought about it unless someone asked me. My friends didn't seem to believe that I didn't have a crush, so they'd ask me who I thought was cute. Before I knew better, I'd say, “Oh, I guess X is cute” because I thought he was, but then my friends thought I had a crush on X even though I didn't at all. This led to a lot of awkward conversations where I learned that if I thought someone was attractive, I was supposed to have a crush on them.
I've always seen some people as attractive; I'm just not attracted to them. The only person whom I've ever been sexually attracted to is my current boyfriend, who I was friends with for a year before the thought of being more than that even occurred to me.
While I'm now comfortable with my sexuality and the label I've chosen, people have called me out on how I'm not “really” demisexual because I see people as attractive even if I don't know them well. But in my mind there is a big difference between “wow he's hot” and “I want him to fuck me against a table”, and this difference doesn't seem to exist in “normal” sexual people.
For anyone out there whose sexuality is somewhat like mine, don't worry! You're not “weird” and you're not lying when you say you're demisexual. There's a reason it's called a spectrum– you can fall anywhere on it and still be normal. Go by the label you think fits best, and don't worry what other people say. It's not their choice.
(And thanks for creating this community where I feel comfortable telling people this; I know that I won't be judged or called out on for being who I am.)
PetRockBlock.com would like to invite you to a cool contest around the RetroPie Project! One good thing about it is that it does not involve much effort to take part.
The contest is going to be taking place on the forum. We will be choosing two lucky winners to receive each a brand new Raspberry Pi Model B with 8GB SD Card from Newark Canada.
In order to take part all you have to do is post an image of your RetroPie setup for everyone to see in >> this forum thread <<. The contest details can be summarized with these three easy-to-follow steps:
Take a photo of your RetroPie Setup. Upload the photo(s) to imgur.com:
Reply to this thread and include the image short code from the Imgur site for your photo, e.g.:
Here is another exemplary image shortcode:
[gist id=9c81ba51ad8f3ebeba7f]
Just copy and paste the BBCode generated by imgur.com in between the
IMG-tags as shown above and add this to your post.
This contest will begin immediately and will end on June 29th, 2014 at Midnight New York Time.
The winners will be chosen randomly from amongst the participants (there must be at least 25) . So, it really does not matter if you spent thousands of hours in your project (what we definitely would like to see then) or one hour. Staff members are not eligible to take part in the contest – to keep things fair.
Good luck to everyone – we are looking forward to your RetroPie Setup!
Hunt:… you share with me the feeling that what we are doing here is very important, that it is going to have a real bearing on our Party and on this country and on how we fare ahead. I think we need to make our system work better to select our presidential nominee, and we are going to be working on that, and that is the charge to this Commission.
But I think in the process—and I would urge you to think about this and bear this in mind as we go through all of this—I think in the process of conducting the work of this Commission we must and will be sending a signal to many disaffected Democrats—and there are many of them throughout this country—that this Party is open to them, that we will hear every voice in it, and that we will choose a presidential candidate that represents the hopes and aspirations of the majority of all Democrats in this country.
The sending of that signal, what we are doing in this Commission is I think in a sense is going to be looked at as the beginning of the come-back of the Democratic Party, with perhaps a symbolism far beyond the real importance of what we do.
Now, I think it is sort of tempting when you get together in a Commission of this kind and everybody is polite to everybody and all of that, as we of course should be, I think it is sort of easy to begin to let some of the problems fade away. I hope that that will not happen. The real truth is that we have problems in our nominating process, but they are problems that we can change, that we can do something about.
I believe very strongly—and all of us come to this work with some ideas, with some feelings, with some commitments within our hearts and minds—I believe, for example, that too many Democratic elected officials have been left out of our system and have been left out of our convention. Over 20 years, the percentage of Democratic United States Senators who were delegates to the convention dropped from 90 percent to 18 percent, and the percentage of Democratic United States Representatives and Governors dropped by one half.
I think it is essential that we include those elected officials again, that we're building to our process their broad-based understanding and their appeal and their constituencies—and they all have them. And I would submit to you if you put all those constituencies together, you do have a majority of the voters in this country.
I would say to you—and we certainly are not about to prejudge what we should do or how we should go about it, but I just sort of have a dream within my heart that the 1984 convention would have something that I suspect no other national political party convention has ever had, and that is sitting within it, active within it, every…
To find out what makes a good profile picture on OkCupid we collected 552,000 example user pictures, paired them up and asked people to make snap judgments, like so: We collated these millions of judgments with the time of day each picture was taken, what the shutter speed was, and so on. Almost all modern cameras embed this stuff in a special header, called EXIF data. We also made graphs (you're welcome). Here are our findings: 1. Panasonic > Canon > Nikon. Prefer a professional camera over your phone? Well, the type and brand of camera you use has a huge effect on how good you look in your pictures. This is a plot of the most popular makes: As you can see, the general pattern is that more complex cameras take better pictures. Not sure what's going on with Kodak all the way to the right there. They might want to consider making sharing more difficult. Beyond the advantages or shortcomings of any specific brand, the more-complex-is-better trend bears out at all ages: And we also found similar numbers looking only at people who uploaded all three types of photos. Putting such a triplet together dramatically illustrates the difference in quality:
Camera Phone (left), Point n Shoot (center), Digital SLR (right)
Just so you know, the names and the actual photos are removed when we do this kind of research; we just see the stats in aggregate. Everything is anonymized. Now let's leave brands and gadgets aside and look at how purely photographic phenomena can affect your photos. 2. Flash is not your friend. This is another simple finding that needs little explanation. The hard light of a flash often ages the appearance of its subject by accentuating wrinkles and blemishes. As I illustrate with the dotted lines below, you can calculate the equivalent “aging” effects of a flash by counting years horizontally between the ‘flash' and ‘no flash' lines. For example, a 28 year-old who used a flash looks similar to a 35 year-old who didn't. One thing we observed is that most flash exposures — even from SLR's — appeared to be direct flash. That's where the flash was fired directly at the subject, producing harsh shadows. If you have access to a flash that can bounce off the ceiling or walls, that could work much better. That's what the professionals do! 3. Blot out all other reality. We found that the best pictures have a very shallow depth of field, meaning that the subject is in crisp focus while the rest of the picture is blurry, like this: I'll spare you my explanation of the optics behind this and instead let a graphic from the 10,000 word wikipedia page fill you in: Thanks, hivemind, you genius! Basically, you get this sharp/blurry effect from having a wide-open aperture: low f numbers on your camera, like f/1.8, f/2.2, etc. For two pictures taken at the same distance, the lower f number will give you a shallower depth of field. The widget below plots the aggregate quality, by f number, of our user photos in a little color-coded array, alongside examples of each type of photo, so you can easily see how the depth of field affects things. For obvious reasons, we restricted this analysis to photos by cameras capable of a wide range of apertures.
Let's Grow Mushrooms! by Marc R Keith
Vivian Keith with Shiitake Mushrooms
Learn to grow your own safe and delicious organic mushrooms at home following the easy step-by-step instructions contained in this Download edition of Let's Grow Mushrooms! Click on any video in our free player below to see free low resolution previews of what you'll get with our full-release download edition! The easy to learn Brown Rice Flour method, AKA PF Tek, is presented in full and free of charge to get you started growing mushrooms today!
Let's Grow Mushrooms! Sample Clips
You can select full screen mode from the options menu.
Let's Grow Mushrooms Download, High Resolution $8.99!
You can now download the full release of Let's Grow Mushrooms in high resolution. MP4 format plays well on computers, but is also the standard for portable devices such as iPads, Androids, etc.
Lets Grow Mushrooms-front cover website
Lets Grow Mushrooms-inside fold
Lets Grow Mushrooms-folded open3a
Lets Grow Mushrooms-back
Available by Download Only. We are now officially sold out of DVD sets after 4 production runs totaling 100,000 units!
Click the images to view full size
Lets Grow Mushrooms-disk 1 website
Lets Grow Mushrooms-disk 2 websites
Thanks for making our 2 DVD instructional video on mushroom cultivation a huge success! The fourth edition is now shipping. Let's Grow Mushrooms is Made in USA from recycled materials, and printed with soybean based inks to protect our environment.
'Download only-DVD edition sold out'
Our fourth and last edition, now sold out, of Let's Grow Mushrooms! was 100% made in the USA from recycled materials, with printing inks that are soybean based to protect your family and our environment from lead poisoning, plus, they're certified to contain no materials from our endangered rain forests.
Lets Grow Mushrooms-inside
<--- Click for Larger Image.
PuRP No. 19: Kevin Padlo (357 points, 33 ballots) | Winter 2014 Ranking: 20 | High Ballot 4, Mode Ballot 21
Truly, Kevin Padlo's 2015 has been a tale of two seasons: Asheville and Boise.
The third baseman, who signed for an overslot bonus $650,000 out of high school as Colorado's fifth round pick in 2014, had a wildly successful professional debut in Grand Junction last season as a player who didn't turn 18 until he'd already had a few weeks as a pro under his belt. In 198 plate appearances for the GJ Rockies against pitchers who were on average three and a half years older, the righty hit .300/.421/.594 (155 wRC+) with 27 extra-base hits and almost as many walks (31) as strikeouts (38).
As such, it was only natural that Padlo be given the opportunity to experience full-season ball at the beginning of 2015, with the Low-A Asheville Tourists. Unfortunately, it didn't go well; Padlo hit an anemic .145/.273/.277 (64 wRC+) in 99 plate appearances for the Tourists before being sent back to extended spring training until the start of short-season ball. The encouraging sign in all of that was that Padlo kept up the high walk rate (14.1 percent) but ultimately looked like a player who was overmatched by the level of competition.
The Rockies then assigned Padlo to Short Season-A Boise, where he has gotten his head right and once again become an offensive terror. In 146 plate appearances with the Hawks, Padlo owns a .306/.421/.512 (164 wRC+) line against pitchers who are still almost three years older than him on average in a notoriously difficult pitcher's league, all while maintaining a walk rate over 14 percent. It's an offensive line that's arguably even more impressive than the one he posted in Grand Junction last year.
Although he's racked up some errors in his professional career, the just-turned 19-year-old Padlo has regularly shown off high-end athleticism and a strong arm at third base. He has the raw skills but will need to make some adjustments a la Nolan Arenado (he is similarly built) in order to turn that side of his game into a true weapon. Coaches speak highly of his makeup and, despite his struggles in Low-A this year, he could be a fast riser in the system if he's able to maintain that offensive profile when he returns to full-season ball.
Nick Faleris of Baseball Prospectus had Padlo as one of the three Rockies prospects on the rise at the end of last year:
The 2014 fifth rounder utilizes a high-effort swing that generates above-average pop, but has also limited his ability to handle quality secondary offerings. Fortunately for Padlo, quality secondary offerings were in short supply in the Pioneer League, and the former San Diego commit capitalized on that fact, slashing .300/.420/.594 over his 48-game professional debut. Because Padlo's game comes with effort across the board, there is an extreme amount of risk tied to the profile. Still, the strong debut and presence of above-average raw power makes for an enticing 2015 follow.
As Faleris notes (and as his struggles with the Tourists show), there's quite a bit of risk with a player like Padlo at this point. Still, while short-season stats are tough to take at face value, it's easier to get excited about them when the player putting up good stats is so much younger than the average player in the league. If Padlo can in fact hit the stuff that doesn't go straight, and if he can make the most of his currently raw defensive tools at third, he's a player with everyday third base upside.
I'm a little more cautious about the profile due to the risk described above, ranking Padlo 29th in the system. I hope this time next year that kind of ranking seems ridiculously low.
Contract Status: 2014 fifth round, not Rule 5 eligible (2018), three options remaining
MLB ETA: Late 2019
The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism's basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.
By signing up you agree to receive email about events, articles, offers, and the impact of The Walrus in your community. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Canada's newest prime minister, ultra-handsome Justin Trudeau, son of that other politician everyone loved a lot, announced his cabinet would be 50 percent women. Today, fifteen women were indeed named as ministers. This has made a lot of people freak out, including the editor-in-chief of The Walrus, Jonathan Kay.
During a contentious panel on The National this past Sunday night, Kay said he opposed the idea of a quota, despite the fact that women make up half the population, and argued that positions in cabinet should be awarded based on merit. In response, Buzzfeed Canada senior writer Scaachi Koul pointed out that affirmative action-style policies such as the 50 percent pledge introduced by Trudeau are only needed because the existing system, “meritocratic” or otherwise, continues to fail to accommodate a wider range of diversity of representation on its own.
If we really want to get technical, it's important to acknowledge that notions of merit have never stopped previous governments from determining the make-up of their cabinets based on a variety of criteria. As Vice Canada parliamentary reporter Justin Ling has pointed out, “regionalism, parliamentary experience, who they endorsed for leader, [and] which MP they beat” are all considered valid reasons for the job, and gender is not. In effect, quotas meant to be fair representations of a variety of different Canadian constituencies have been around for almost fifty years.
We can go a step further and look at some cabinet appointments that seemed to be made in spite of a yawning lack of merit, such as two climate change deniers (Peter Kent and Leona Aglukkaq) as environment minister, men in charge of women's issues (Lloyd Axworthy), non-veterans withholding benefits while tasked with Veterans Affairs (Julian Fantino), and the legion of non-Aboriginal people screwing up the Department of Indian Affairs.
As Maclean's political editor Paul Wells points out, the precise definition of the term “merit” is debatable. You can have a brilliant person, but if they're a “pure son of a bitch,” where do they fit?
How leaders connect and get along with their appointed colleagues is, of course, very important. But if you're constantly hiring friends or friends of friends from a small pool of people who look like you and come from similar backgrounds, then you're choosing from an increasingly shallow and unrepresentative pool. You'll play the same sports, perhaps never noticing how many of you are white, upper middle class, and male.
This whole debate is infuriating because the issue of meritocracy only seems to come up when the capital-e Establishment, mostly a population of well-connected white men, find themselves suddenly at the slightest risk of losing their historical stranglehold on power.
In the 2011 election, which saw a significant number of new MPs swept into office in Quebec, all sorts of young MPs were questioned about their strength of character and ability to perform their new duties. As we now know, what happened in the following four years was that women like Ruth-Ellen Brosseau, once dismissed with the nickname “Vegas Girl,” rose to the challenge. (Before moving to Ottawa, she worked three jobs and was raising a young son on her own.) Many of her millennial colleagues also became “solid MPs.” Ironically, it was Established members of the Conservative Party, including Mike Duffy and Nigel Wright, that were questioned repeatedly on the merits of their actions.
Yesterday, Kay introduced a new angle to this simmering debate, arguing that social class is the “most profound schism of Canadian society.” But here's the thing: women and people of colour, including Canada's Aboriginal population, are more likely to experience being part of a lower class than white men. We know this from information gathered by Statistics Canada. Having more women and people of colour involved, be it in politics, business, art, activism or journalism, means you have a higher likelihood of encountering people with experiences of either being lower class or treated as lower class. Perspective is a powerful thing, especially in the halls of power, where it appears to have been historically in very short supply.
Many of the cultural signifiers Kay references in his essay—orthodontics, golf or tennis lessons, backpacking through Europe, someone else helps pay a mortgage—are far less common among communities of colour, especially the families of recent immigrants. The money just isn't there for these things, often because the adults are discriminated for their names, accents, foreign experience, simply their “otherness” or a combination of things.
Furthermore, the examples Kay uses of people “on the margins”—such as veterans, survivors of abusive relationships, and former residents of public housing—historically have not had any incentive for revealing or talking about their painful experiences. For decades, our society has repeated the lie that industries of politics, law, finance, and journalism were tough-but-meritocratic places where rookies were to work hard and not complain if they wanted to rise through the ranks. If you wanted to cry, you did it in the bathroom, at home or in your car. For a long time, the predominant attitude was: Focus on your job, don't bring other stuff into the workplace, everyone goes through this, so suck it up.
It's therefore not a coincidence that Kay hasn't encountered many of these people in his professional career, while politicians and media almost only do so through survey data or think-tank reports. For many, going through these kinds of traumatic, difficult experiences weakens your ability to continually persevere, to believe in yourself, to believe you have a spot despite constantly feeling like you don't. For many women and people of colour, the endless fight isn't worth it. They quit before rising to the ranks of editor, manager, partner, designated candidate or MP. In this sense, a “meritocratic” bias simply increases the likelihood that those who rise to the top will be the same people who started out from closest to the top in the first place, as they have the least to lose and the least to overcome.
The problem with Kay's argument is how it ignores the fact that women and people of colour often experience a multitude of problems in addition to class. A black person, no matter how rich, famous or adept at golf, can never escape the racial profiling that comes with being black. A Chinese-Canadian woman, no matter how educated, “well-spoken,” and successful will never stop being asked where she is really from.
Ultimately, Trudeau's new policy for his cabinet will be most profoundly felt by men who look like Andrew Coyne, John Ivison, and Jonathan Kay. And this is a great thing! But as Globe and Mail columnist Denise Balkissoon writes, it is only the first step to representing the country's diversity. The large shift in the number of visible minorities and residents of First Nations groups who were elected as MPs is a positive, encouraging change and their significant presence in Trudeau's cabinet is nothing less than extraordinary. But real representation of this country also includes people with disabilities and members of the LGBT community. *
It is true that you cannot measure certain kinds of diversity with the naked eye. But that doesn't mean that Trudeau should be lambasted for trying to increase one of the kinds that you can. Frankly, we should all be mad it took this long for a prime minister to call out this problem and suggest a way to fix in the first place.
Jay Leno says “This is the Greatest Corvette Ever” when he referrers to the new 2009 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1. It is the ultimate Corvette, the most powerful Corvette and the most powerful car GM has ever made. While people may dog out GM because they need a bailout to “survive” during our economic downturn, they really deserve some credit and jay Leno gives them plenty as he takes us for a ride in the new Corvette ZR1. Below is the video from Jay Leno's Garage website.
The ZR1 = 638 hp, 605 lb.-ft. of torque, and 205 mph! Massive 15.5 inch carbon-ceramic Brembro brakes should last the life of the vehicle, and the 20 spoke alloy rims are fitted with Michelin Pilot Sport 2 tires, developed specifically for the ZR1.
Enjoy the Jay Leno ZR1 video after the jump…
Proposals to "professionalize teaching" are popular today, but agreement about what this should entail is elusive. At Deans for Impact , an organization composed of leaders of programs that prepare new teachers, we believe that part of what distinguishes members of a profession is general agreement on a body of domain-specific knowledge that is relevant to practice. We recently released " The Science of Learning ," a report that summarizes the cognitive science related to how students learn. The principles in this post are drawn from that report.
Teachers will always need to use their knowledge of students and content to make professional judgments about classroom practice. However, we believe the art of teaching should also be informed by a robust understanding of the learning sciences so that teachers can align their decisions with our profession's best understanding of how students learn.
6 Scientific Principles Every Teacher Should Know
Unfortunately, our education system is rife with misconceptions and confusion about learning. So let's clear away the myths and focus on well-established cognitive principles and their implications for the classroom:
1. Students learn new ideas by relating them to what they already know, and then transferring them into their long-term memory.
This means that teachers should make sure that students have -- or should provide students with -- the background knowledge needed for understanding new content. Students without adequate background knowledge, or who are otherwise not given enough instructional guidance, can be quickly overwhelmed in the classroom.
2. Students remember information better when they are given many opportunities to practice retrieving it from their long-term memories and think about its meaning.
While nobody likes rote or "drill and kill" assignments, repeated, deliberate, meaningful practice with content can both cement student learning and make it easier for students to remember content in the future, enabling them to tackle increasingly complex challenges. To help students focus on the meaning of content, it can be helpful to assign them tasks requiring explanation (for example, about cause and effect) or to have them impose meaning on content (for example, through the use of mnemonics).
3. Problem-solving and critical-thinking skills are developed through feedback and depend heavily upon background knowledge.
A carefully sequenced curriculum can build student knowledge over the course of a school career, enabling students to solve increasingly complex problems. Teachers can also help develop these skills by providing feedback that is specific, clear, and focused on the task and on improvement rather than on the student or her performance.
4. For students to transfer their abilities to new situations, they need to deeply understand both the problem's structure and context.
This is in stark contrast to the common desire among educators and policymakers to teach so-called thinking skills that can be applied in any situation. The reality is that you can think critically about a subject only to the extent that you are knowledgeable about that subject. The more knowledge that students have about a specific problem, the easier it will be for them to recognize the important aspects of that problem -- and how to solve it.
5. Student motivation depends on a variety of social and psychological factors.
Ideally, students will be motivated to engage in course content because they are fascinated by it and enjoy it. But motivation is a complex phenomenon and depends, among other things, on whether a student identifies as the kind of person who belongs in a particular academic setting, or on whether he believes that his ability in an area can be developed with effort. Fortunately, there are a variety of steps for teachers to make sure that students feel a sense of belonging in class and that their effort is worthwhile.
6. Misconceptions about learning, while prevalent in education, shouldn't determine how curricula are designed or how instruction is provided.
All too often, teachers attempt (or are required) to modify their instruction because of student learning styles, to account for right-brain or left-brain dominance, or because content is developmentally inappropriate. Yet, familiar as these concepts may sound, not everyone agrees on their accuracy or effectiveness. We feel that embracing such approaches may distract teachers from the evidenced-based principles that should be guiding their practice.
The Science of Learning
Ideally, there are a great many things that teachers would know before beginning their teaching, more than we can address here. To that end, Deans for Impact has produced The Science of Learning. This short publication is intended to serve as a resource for teacher educators, new teachers, or anyone in the education profession who is interested in our best scientific understanding of how learning takes place. We believe that, as part of their preparation, all teacher candidates should grapple with principles of cognition and be able to apply them in practice. Our learning-science content, which several of our member deans will be implementing in their respective schools of education, elaborates on each of the points mentioned above, draws specific connections to classroom practice, and carefully documents the underlying research evidence.
Together, we can help elevate the prestige and rigor of the profession that we call teaching. We would be happy to hear your thoughts on these scientific principles and how you use them. Please share in the comments section below.
Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images
Chicago Cubs backup catcher Miguel Montero got himself booted from the team Wednesday after publicly criticizing teammate Jake Arrieta.
Team president Theo Epstein told reporters he thought it best to just scrap Montero altogether.
This was an example of someone being a bad teammate publicly, and that we'd be better off moving on and not standing for it, because we do hold our players to a higher standard than that.
The same day Montero got his pink slip, several members of the Cubs team were at the White House in recognition of their 2016 World Series win.
Baseball writer Peter Gammons of the MLB Network reported that while there, some of the players and staff commented how hilarious it would be to get the current president and former reality competition show host Donald Trump to tell Montero directly, "You're fired!"
A man is accusing Starbucks of age discrimination after he says the coffee chain banned him from a store in Washington state after he asked one of its teen baristas on a date.
The 37-year-old man, who will not identify himself because he hasn't been charged with a crime, told CBS News that he was at Starbucks on Main Street in Downtown Spokane and wrote a note asking a 16-year-old barista out for dinner.
'I was flirted with by a barista. For some reason she thought I was funny. Said I was funny. So I gave her a note to see if she'd be interested in dinner', the man wrote in a public Facebook post that has since gone viral.
A 37-year-old man was banned from this Starbucks location in Downtown Spokane, Washington, after he asked a 16-year-old barista out for dinner
He said he returned to the Starbucks the following day and a Spokane police officer told him he was banned from the location.
Spokane police said businesses are allowed to refuse service to anyone who is causing trouble or being disruptive for as long as they see fit.
So, Starbucks was legally allowed to ban the man from that location. But he says he's being discriminated against because of his age.
Poll Do you agree with Starbucks' decision to ban the 37-year-old man for asking the teenage barista on a date? Yes No Do you agree with Starbucks' decision to ban the 37-year-old man for asking the teenage barista on a date? Yes 4603 votes
No 1200 votes Now share your opinion
'I know the female Starbucks barista was of legal age to date. I broke no laws. I merely took a chance with my heart. I'm tired of hearing the word "creep" as any black person or gay person is tired of hearing certain words. I have a whole webpage dedicated to age gap love', the man wrote.
He asked people on Facebook to contact Starbucks and complain, but his call-to-action was met with some opposition.
People commented on the Spokane Starbucks' Facebook page, mostly praising the business for banning the man from the location. Others described their personal experiences in the service industry.
Danica Hendricks wrote this post on the Spokane Starbucks' Facebook page, in agreement with the store's decision to ban the man for asking the teen barista on a date
Many people took to the store's Facebook page to praise the store for barring the man
A Starbucks spokesperson said the company supports how the business handled this situation.
"Oops I fell on you, Marie" Popular Science Staff
At the core of science's myriad problems culturing diversity of all stripes, there is a common thread: the people with the loudest voices haven't yet examined their own subconscious biases and privilege. These can be the scientists running labs, committees planning conferences, or even science communicators themselves. Despite progress in the last century, the most prominent female scientist today is one who won her first Nobel Prize in 1903: Marie Curie. Yet in a recent widely-viewed video made by Joe Hanson for PBS Digital Studios, even she—the representative of all female scientists—doesn't get the respect she deserves, as her bobblehead doll likeness is harassed and assaulted by Albert Einstein of all people. The video has since been taken down, but the fact that this scene would even take place in our exalted modern age—much less in a video produced by PBS and a respected science communicator—illustrates that sexism still underlies scientific culture and our culture at large. As someone who recently recognized her own privilege (by recognizing where I lack privilege), I know that it is an immensely personal and individual experience. Unlearning something that you never realized you had learned in the first place takes serious self-awareness and self-criticism. And it takes time.
Most sexism, racism, etc. in society today isn't overt: it's the small things, the comments, facial tics, and pauses that tell you that you are being scrutinized more harshly than people that fit the mold of "normal." Privilege, the flipside of discrimination, isn't just about the benefits you gain from fitting in physically and culturally with the people in power; it's also the mental burdens you don't have to carry and the invisible roadblocks you don't have to cross every day. This isn't anyone's fault, as this stuff is ingrained from the moment we engage with culture and even infiltrates the minds and actions of the underrepresented groups it harms. Yet unseen privilege forms the backdrop to this kerfuffle with Joe's bobbleheads and just about every case that fits the following pattern: white man screws up, women yell at him, man gets defensive, women yell louder, man cowers with hands over his head to ride out the storm. This happens because, while the frustration with Joe in particular is real, it sits atop a larger underlying frustration with society. Living in a world where the kinds of jokes that were made on this segment are considered acceptable—even by “good men” who do good work, like Joe—makes for unrelenting dissatisfaction and silencing. It's a lifetime of unseen insidious comments and hints that couldn't be called out built up into one illustrative example that can be called out.
Want more news like this? Sign up to receive our email newsletter and never miss an update! By submitting above, you agree to our privacy policy.
(Natural News) When we go to the dentist to repair or replace missing or cracked teeth, we usually don't ask questions about what they put in our mouths. Because of this, tens of thousands of Americans could have dental fixtures in their mouths that contain toxic chemicals.
These metal and ceramic inserts, bought on the cheap, are imported from China and other Asian countries. According to dental experts, these cheaper products are often made in unregulated laboratories and can contain dangerous levels of lead and other chemicals — such as beryllium and cadmium — that could harm the human nervous system.
Due to their low price and quick service, many American dentists now favor these Chinese, toxic dental fixtures without passing the savings to the client. U.S. dentists have admitted using Chinese labs that charge about one-fifth of what local labs typically charge. As reported by the Daily Mail Online, dentists can take an impression of a client's tooth, send it by express mail to China and receive a crown within four days.
“In the end, the whole system is profiteering. Any savings made by outsourcing the work to China are never passed on to the patient,” said David Smith, a board member of the Association of Dental Laboratories.
Lead poisoning linked to Chinese dental fixtures
Given China's notoriety for cheap, fake, and toxic food and building materials, it doesn't come as a big surprise that their dental fixtures can't be trusted either.
At least four known cases of lead poisoning caused by Chinese dental fixtures have been reported in the United States. When these fixtures were tested in a laboratory, data revealed that some of them contained 210 times the acceptable amount of the heavy metal.
Support our mission and protect your health: Organic Seeds of Life combines Red Raspberry Seed Power, Black Cumin Seed Power and Red Grape Seed Powder into the most potent nutrient-rich supplemental superfood powder you've ever experienced. Loaded with flavonoids, antioxidants, anthocyanins, OPCs, ALA and a vast array of vital nutrients. Learn more here.
The toxic dental practice came to light when a 73-year-old Ohio woman became sick after a U.S. dentist installed a dental crown made in China. When the crown, among other crowns from Chinese labs, were tested, lead concentrations of nearly 500 parts per million were found. This is five times more lead than the limit set for toys sold in America.
While it is easy to pull lead-tainted toys off the shelves when a problem arises, it's nowhere near as easy if the contaminated product is a dental fixture in someone's mouth, noted David Smith.
Once inhaled or ingested, lead can harm the body in several ways. Symptoms of lead poisoning include high blood pressure, abdominal pain, headaches, memory loss, mood disorders, infertility, miscarriages, mental decline, and joint or muscles pain.
China's quality control leaves something to be desired
Though the import of medical devices is strictly regulated, the supply of dental components is harder to control. While they all should carry a safety mark, it is often hard to check if the manufacturer used safe materials. Unlike the loose safety standards in China, laboratories in Europe or the U.S. get routine, unannounced inspections. They must follow strict laws to make sure crowns, bridges, and dentures are safe and toxin-free.
For the sake of your health, the next time you visit your dentist, be sure to ask where that set of dentures, bridges, or crowns came from. If your dental office offers steep discounts on dental work, chances are high the fixtures are imported from China.
Know that as a customer, you have the right to inquire about where dental materials have been made. If your dentist tries to dodge the question or he doesn't want to give you a straight answer, then find another dentist who uses safe materials from trusted U.S.-based labs.
To be sure that no questionable chemicals end up in your body, opt for a holistic dentist instead. Is this term new to you? Click here to learn more about the benefits of holistic dentistry.
Sources include:
NaturalHealth365.com
DailyMail.co.uk
NaturalNews.com
MAYA DONNELLY AWOKE to what sounded like thunder in the early morning hours, but dismissed it as a typical monsoon storm and went back to sleep.
Later that morning, she looked in the carport at her home in Nogales, near the US-Mexico border, and saw pieces of wood on the ground. She found a bulky bundle wrapped in black plastic.
Inside was roughly 11kg of marijuana — a package that authorities say was worth $10,000 (€8,900) and likely was dropped there accidentally by a drug smuggler's aircraft.
“It's all right on top of our dog's house,” Donnelly said, which was first reported by the Nogales International newspaper.
It just made a perfectly round hole through our carport.
Living near the border, Donnelly said she assumed the object was drugs. She immediately called her husband, Bill, who told her to call 911.
The couple said officers who responded told them a light aircraft smuggling marijuana from Mexico had probably let part of its load go early by accident before dropping the rest farther north, the newspaper reported.
Nogales Police Chief Derek Arnson said it's the first time in his three-year tenure that he's ever seen a load of drugs hit a building, ading:
Someone definitely made a mistake, and who knows what the outcome of that mistake might be for them.
Police are trying to determine whether the bundle was transported by an aircraft or a pilotless drone. Such runs usually occur at night.
Maya Donnelly said she thinks it's unlikely someone will come looking for the drugs, which are now in police custody. Arnson agreed but said police have boosted patrols in the Donnellys neighborhood for now.
The family will have to pay the estimated $500 in repairs, as well as pay for a new home for their German Shepherd, Hulk. But the scenario could have been much worse for the couple and their three teenage daughters.
“Where it landed was clear on the other side of the house from the bedrooms,” Maya Donnelly said. “We were lucky in that sense.”
Friends and family also have gotten a laugh. Several joked that the couple could have profited from the surprise package.
“That's what everybody says: ‘Why did you call 911?'” Maya Donnelly said. ”
Here at SLC Dunk we all generally love Alec Burks. I think he has all the right tools to be an impact player on both sides of the ball in this league. He has the internal motivation, physical abilities, and actual basketball skills that will make the Utah Jazz very happy if they are smart enough to actually use him more.
Today is Alec's 21st birthday. He has a party so if you are in the area, stop by to say hello. If not, say hello and happy birthday to him here! Let's start the celebration with 21 reasons to love Alec Burks, after the jump . . .
#1 - He is only 21 years old, and he's already so damn good. Last season he was better than a number of veterans much more experienced than him. The difference is that he has age on his side, and tons of potential.
.
#2 - He is still 4-5 seasons away from his physical peak - he'll get faster, stronger, and be able to jump higher, and improve his endurance because he's a workout wonder, in addition to being a naturally gifted athlete
.
#3 - The Jazz drafted him at #12, which is the reverse of #21, his current age
.
#4 - Alec is a corner pimp. For the future of our offense, he's one of those guys who CAN and DOES hit that corner three. (close to 35% on just corner threes as a rookie) He's also a boss on the baseline. His long range, mid range, and driving ability on the baseline really is going to be an asset moving forward. (An asset that allows everyone else to have more room to operate on the court - like say cutters, or guys playing pick and roll)
.
#5 - Burks knows how to use his body, he is built for speed but still has the body control and awareness to know where he is, and where the opponents are - even at full speed. His drive drive layup against Washington is a great example. Another is his fastbreak layup where he was ahead, slowed down, gathered, and laid it up around a Clippers player who was flying by.
.
#6 -While he has never taken 21 FGA in a game before (trying to work with that 21 angle, but this isn't Kobe's birthday we're talking about -- he's the only dude who can shoot his age in a game), he is a master of both 2s and 1s. Since I brought Kobe up, as a rookie Kobe went 125/286 on twos, that's 43.7 fg%. Burks? He went 138/312 on twos this year, that's 44.2 fg%. For a rookie guard, being better than Kobe is hard to dismiss. What about the 1s? Well, Burks gets to the line like a Mini-Malone. For the team he was #6 in total FTA (despite being only #9 in total minutes), and #1 on the team in estimated FGA / 36.0 minutes played. It's not just hypothetical abstractions either -- as a rookie he has multiple games of getting to the line 10 or more times. And in the regular season he got to the line 5 or more times in 12 games. Playoffs? He was one FTA away from doing it in 3 of the 4 available games (Gm 1 5 FTA, Gm 2 5 FTA, Gm 3 4 FTA). It doesn't hurt that he actually makes his FTs too, 85.7 ft% in the playoffs. Burks isn't a volume shooter, but he is a master of 2s and 1s.
.
#7 - Did you watch the Orlando Summer Pro League games? Yeah, 'nuff said.
.
#8 - Burks is a way better ball handler than everyone on our team, except Jamaal Tinsley. I don't mean in straight up numbers, turn overs, or dribbling drill times. Burks is up there too in all of that, but I mean that he has a very fine control of the ball that works with his natural talents. No disrespect to Gordon Hayward, who is surprisingly adept at dribbling despite being 6'8 -- but Burks is just way better. Part of it is that court awareness I wrote about above, but another part is that Burks really works on his game. We've had a ton of SGs come to our team over the years: DeShawn Stevenson, Quincy Lewis, Morris Almond, Kirk Snyder, Shandon Anderson, and so on. I had no confidence in any of them dribbling the ball. Burks has my total confidence. That's something not all of the PGs who played for us last year even had.
.
#9 - NBA Pre-Draft Combine Maximum Vertical Reach: 11 feet, 7.5 inches. ELEVEN FEET SEVEN AND A HALF INCHES! Point of comparison, our hulking 7 foot center Enes Kanter's (from the same testing facility and date) was 11' 10". Also, there are ton of forwards and other full time bigmen who are eclipsed by Burks' ability to get up there. (And these are his values BEFORE going to P3)
.
#10 - Oh yeah, he's super Dwyane Wade -like. Someone researched this and presented their findings on it.
.
#11 - He wants the ball in crunch time, and if he gets it good things happen -- ask the Dallas Mavericks about the crazy comeback we had with him in the game in the 4th quarter on the road. We didn't win that game, but maybe if he was in the game earlier, we wouldn't have had to have come back at all? We already all know that he's a game changer.
.
#12 - Hey, do you know who was the #108th the best defender in the league last year, according to PPP rank? It was the same guy who was #40th best at defending pick and roll ball handlers, and the same guy who was #8th best in the NBA at defending dudes running around screens. That dude was Alec Burks. Not Raja Bell. Not Josh Howard. But Alec Burks. Not that our coaches look at advanced stats . . . or apparently game film either . . .
.
#13 - His best career games have come against: Portland (x2), the Lakers, Denver (x2), and Minny (we're too proud to admit that they give us trouble). All Western Conference teams, and precisely, he is a damn headhunter for other Northwest Division Teams. He averages 9.9 ppg (48.9 fg%, 3.6 FTA per game) in less than 20 minutes of action against them. That's aside from all the rebounds, assists, and steals he makes. Oh, and in all of his best games -- they've all been wins except for Gm 2 of the season in Denver. He knows who our rivals are, and he is decapitating them one by one.
.
#14 - Swagg. He has it. We need it. The NBA markets it. And the Refs respect it.
.
#15 - Alec thinks he can out jump Jeremy Evans. It's not just a swagger thing, Jeremy is unreal. But Evans is hyper competitive. One thing is for sure, though, Burks is similar enough to Evans to be able to use his vertical as a weapon on the court . . .
.
#16 - . . . because Burks had 62 offensive rebounds per game last year. He played in 59 games in the regular season, and 4 in the playoffs (he had 5 in that series alone). This is a shooting guard who is crashing the glass and getting about 1 offensive rebound a game. Not because of boxing out -- but because he has that great court awareness and insane jumping ability (again, 11'7.5" max reach). He's actually #126th best in the L at scoring off of offensive rebounds. Our shooting guard. What the heck, man? On the Jazz he was the #2 dude not named Paul, Derrick, Enes, or Big Al in total offensive rebounds, offensive rebounds per game, and only 0.1 shy of tying Big Al's per 36 min offensive rebound average. Seriously, what the heck, man?
.
#17 - The Jazz need to get better at spot up shooting. A big part of our offense was spot up jumpers last year. That doesn't mean we were great at it. Do you know who is? Alec is. He was better than 3/5ths of the league at them (rank #203 in PPP), as a rookie who was supposed to not be able to shoot. On Spot up three pointers he went 12/24 -- 50%. This is evidence that if he's open he'll knock the shot down. (Look at all the open spot up threes we missed over the years with other SGs taking the shot -- or look at all the open spot up threes the Spurs MADE against us in the playoffs. This matters.) Outside of his amazing ability to get to the line, or his driving ability, or his passing ability -- as a shooting guard his ability to actually shoot will be something we go crazy for.
.
#18 - Head to head -- he's waaa-aaay better than that Jimmer Fredette dude. I guess this is troll bait now.
.
#19 - He wants to win.
.
#20 - He's a big part of our future.
.
#21 - And he's a member of our Utah Jazz
.
.
Happy Birthday Alec! Have fun, and be happy!
On Friday 13th July, the first strike in the history of the John Lewis Partnership will take place at the Oxford Street store – the cleaners who are members of the independent union Industrial Workers of the World will begin a campaign of strike action.
The cleaners consider they are treated as second-class citizens by John Lewis who excludes the cleaners from their Partnership and shares in same pay and benefits of other workers at John Lewis. Instead cleaners are hired through a contractor – ICM part of the Compass Group.
They earn a mere £6.08 per-hour, some work excessive shifts such as from 6:00 am – 9:00 pm, and some must be available for hours they are not even paid for. The company now want to make cuts in nearly a third of the staff, but expect the cleaners to continue with the same workload.
Cleaners at John Lewis have had a enough. They voted by 90% in their ballot to strike and are demanding the London Living Wage of £8.30 per-hour and no cuts in jobs or hours. They say John Lewis must stop washing its hands of the cleaners. Other companies have ensured their contractors pay the Living Wage it is time John Lewis ensured justice for its cleaner.
Compass Group say they cannot afford the Living wage. Yet their pre-tax profits rose to £581 million – they offered the cleaners 24-pence pay rise! The Compass chairman Sir Roy Gardner is paid £477,000 a year, he donated £50,000 to David Cameron's election campaign – the same Cameron who said ‘the living wage is an idea whose time has come'.
The cleaners are striking from 6:00 am on Friday 13th and will hold a lunchtime demonstration at 1:00-2:00 pm, John Lewis Oxford Street.
The cleaners at call on all sections of the labour movement to show solidarity with them and send delegations to the picket line and to the demonstration on Friday.
CHRIS FORD
Regional Secretary
Industrial Workers of the World
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On national TV on Sunday morning, with millions of people watching, Mitt Romney told David Gregory that there were parts of Obamacare he actually liked. In fact, he said, one of the goals of his health care plan “is to make sure that those with preexisting conditions can get coverage.” A few hours later, with approximately zero people listening, a spokesman quietly “clarified” what he meant:
In reference to how Romney would deal with those with preexisting conditions and young adults who want to remain on their parents' plans, a Romney aide responded that there had been no change in Romney's position and that “in a competitive environment, the marketplace will make available plans that include coverage for what there is demand for. He was not proposing a federal mandate to require insurance plans to offer those particular features.”
As it happens, we already have a competitive market for individual insurance. In addition, we already have demand for coverage of preexisting conditions. And yet, the marketplace doesn't make policies available to people with preexisting conditions.
Why? Because policies that cover preexisting conditions are big money losers unless you charge premiums high enough that no one could afford them. Because of that, nobody bothers to offer them in the first place. That's how the free market works. It would be nice if Romney could explain how he intends to square this circle.
It would also be nice if the mainstream press reported the fact that Romney doesn't plan to make sure those with preexisting conditions can get health coverage just as loudly as they reported his original misstatement. I'm not holding my breath.
UPDATE: BuzzFeed passes along yet another clarification. According to an aide, “Gov. Romney will ensure that discrimination against individuals with preexisting conditions who maintain continuous coverage is prohibited.”
This has long been Romney's position, and it's not clear if it's meaningful or not. This kind of protection has been the law of the land since 1996 for people with group coverage. And people who lose group coverage already qualify for individual COBRA coverage for 18 months. So the only way Romney's statement means anything is if he's saying he would pass a law that requires insurance companies to offer permanent individual coverage at a reasonable price to people who lose their group coverage. Needless to say, Romney has never actually committed to that particular detail.
UPDATE 2: And keep in mind that even if Romney did commit to this detail, it's still far, far less than Obamacare's preexisting conditions provision, which is what Romney originally implied he supported. Obamacare simply guarantees that you can get health coverage, full stop, no matter what preexisting conditions you may have.
YOUNG Muslims are scared to speak out about politics or foreign policy because they fear being branded as potential terrorists.
AMINA, the Muslim Women's Resource Centre, claims that young people are feeling the brunt of Islamophobia and are 'self-censoring' in public spaces including school on issues such as the war in Syria, or the UK's foreign policy. Amina runs workshops to educate young Muslims against extremism.
Safa Yousaf, Amina's schools development officer, who is co-ordinating the "education against extremism" workshops for young Muslims in Glasgow, Edinburgh, Falkirk, Aberdeen and Dundee, said it was important that young people understood extremism as a multi-faith issue, not just a Muslim one, and were able to express strong opinions in a democratic way.
"I've had parents asking me about what their children can and can't say in school without getting into trouble," she added. "Young Muslims feel that if they speak out about what they believe they might be accused of something. There is the fear of constantly having to justify yourself so they are not able to speak freely in classes because they might be labelled. Teachers are telling me that they can tell the kids are being more restricted."
In response, as well as helping young people identify extremist views, respond appropriately online and find reputable news sources, Amina is also running workshops which will help young people feel confident about what extremist is not and help them explore their identity as Scottish Muslims.
The final section of the workshops, also open to parents, deals with the issue of Islamophobia, with police attending to help explain how abuse can be reported.
Aleena Rafi, 18 from Glasgow - one of 60 young Muslims who attended the first workshop last week - said that they helped her feel more confident about speaking out.
Though Rafi, who is now studying biomedical science at university has not experienced much Islamophobia directly, she claimed her sisters, one of whom is just nine, had been made to feel uncomfortable by comments from fellow pupils about Islamic State and Muslims.
"I think since the Paris attacks as a community we don't feel open to express ourselves if we have an opinion about what we see on the news or what is going on in Syria," she said. "We feel we have to watch what we say.
"I think that's wrong because these are humanitarian issues, rather than ones about Islam.
"When I heard my sisters had had comments, it really got to me. These are comments being made by other kids - it's not their fault - the values they are taught at home are going to stick. But this is really becoming an issue.
"It does make us feel uncomfortable in our daily activities sometimes. When we were out in town my little sister asked if everyone was staring at us. I have been born and brought up here and suddenly I'm made to feel by some that I don't belong here. I think that's what hurts most."
Rafi said the workshop, in which young Muslims were helped to understand the recent history of extremism including groups such as the KKK, European fascism and the IRA, and explored the "deception" of ISIS propaganda as well as looking at both the similarities between Islamic and Scottish culture, and the positive contribution of Muslims, made her feel empowered.
"Instead of looking at divisions, we all need to look for unity," she said. "It's made me feel proud of my Islamic and Scottish identities and how they go hand-in-hand together. I've always believed that love is more powerful than hate and I've had so much positive support from friends and colleagues that it drives away the negativity."
Larry Flanagan, EIS general secretary, claimed schools needed to be sensitive to the growth of Islamophobia and ensure they had a robust response.
"The EIS has reminded our reps that it is important to have procedures in place to deal with incidents of intolerance based on religious belief," he said. "Any abuse of young people in a school setting is unacceptable and incidents based on religious prejudice must always be treated extremely seriously, whenever and wherever they occur."
Makers, developers and hobbyists that enjoying creating robotic projects using the Arduino platform and Raspberry Pi mini PC. Maybe interested in a new robot Pi API that has been developed to enable you to control a robot from anywhere.
Its designer explains that the new robot PI API powered by Arduino and Rasp Pi hardware is capable of being controlling a robot by receiving sent HTTP requests.
“The idea for this project came from combining my love for electronics and robotics in combination with working with API-development.
I want to be able to control my robot by sending HTTP Requests in the browser. I will do this by creating a easy program that will control two servos on the Arduino-board. I will create an api for a raspberry Pi that will handle HTTP requests and interact with the arudino.
The reason why I created this Kickstarter project is that i need money for buying a license for IntelliJ development tool and parts for the robot as well as funds for hosting a website where I can document my work and share my source code and guide for how i built this robot and a guide for anyone who wants to create a robot off their own.
When this project is completed i will also try to build an Android and iPhone app so that you can control the robot with a smartphone but this is outside of the scope for this project.”
For more information on the interseting robot Pi API system jump over to the Kickstarter website for details via the link below.
Source: Kickstarter
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
The reunited hard rock group tore through a two-and-a-half hour show, and even showed up early
Axl Rose belts out a song from atop a speaker cabinet during G-n-R's concert at Ford Field in Detroit. (Photo: John T. Greilick, Detroit News)
Not only did the reunited Guns N' Roses tear through a 24-song, two-and-a-half hour barn burner of a set to kick off its “Not in This Lifetime” tour in front of a hot crowd of 41,000 rock and roll fans at Ford Field on Thursday, but the group opened the concert by showing up on stage two minutes prior to its advertised start time.
Guns N' Roses, early? Not in this lifetime, indeed.
But there they were, hitting the stage at a very un-GNR-like 9:43 p.m., which is like the middle of the morning for Axl Rose.
Clearly there's a lot riding on this tour, which pits Rose with core original GNR members Slash and Duff McKagen, and the gesture showed the group is taking business matters seriously and is not going to flame out in the spectacular fashion many are expecting.
Matters of timing aside, Thursday's thunderous concert showed that in 2016, Guns N' Roses can still deliver a mighty wallop.
With a setlist that bounced between “Appetite for Destruction” and the “Use Your Illusion” albums (with a few questionable stops at “Chinese Democracy” in between), GNR proved it has some magic left in it, even if the band members' interpersonal relations are strained to the point where Axl and Duff never discussed that they'd both be wearing “Detroit: Where the Weak Are Killed and Eaten” T-shirts on stage. (They were different styles, at least.)
Squint, and it was the Guns N' Roses of yore: Axl darting across the stage like he's trying to up his Fitbit numbers, doing that side-shuffle-in-place move, and looking like a demon serpent while howling into his microphone; Slash, virtually unchanged in appearance from the “Appetite for Destruction” days, ripping solos in a sleeveless black T-shirt, black leather pants, a black top hat and mirrored sunglasses; and Duff, bass slung low (and adorned with a Prince symbol), somehow looking 10 pounds leaner than he did in 1987 and still every bit as cool. Guitarist Richard Fortus, drummer Frank Ferrer, keyboardist Dizzy Reed and keyboardist Melissa Reese rounded out the group.
It did take a while for things to get rolling, and Axl probably could have used a snooze alarm or two ahead of his early call time. It took the frontman several songs to hit his groove on Thursday, and he appeared winded during opener “It's So Easy,” like he might not make it through the night, let alone the tour.
Turns out he was just easing into the evening: He was better during follow-up “Mr. Brownstone,” and when he shrieked “Do you know where you are?” during an electrifying “Welcome to the Jungle” two songs later, he was fully back in Axl mode.
“Estranged,” one of the pompous epics off of “Use Your Illusion,” was where the full band first started to click, while “You Could Be Mine,” set against a backdrop of pyrotechnics and flames, roared with a seething, snarling, bitter energy. (Introducing it, Axl called it a love song, then bragged “it's called being facetious” as the song started, like he was locked in a game with himself.)
“Coma,” with Slash rattling off riffs like shotgun blasts, was like a dirty bomb, bringing a sense of danger back to this new version of GNR rather than the theme park ride it threatened to be. Meanwhile, “Out ta Get Me” ended with Axl practically beating his chest, bellowing “take that one to your Detroit heart!” in a moment of triumph.
That Detroit heart was treated to a gritty cover of the Stooges' “Raw Power” during a solo showcase by Duff, while Slash performed the theme from “The Godfather” as well as an instrumental version of Pink Floyd's “Wish You Were Here” (alongside Fortus) to help fill breaks where Axl was off-stage changing up wardrobes. (At one point Axl even swapped out sunglasses, from aviators to wayfarers.)
Axl was playing nice at the beginning of the night but there were glimpses of his old cantankerous self, first when he chastised the food options in the city (“everything here is (expletive) fried,” he said, saying he should invest in vegetable oil in Detroit) and later wondering aloud if the crowd was going to sing “Knockin' on Heaven's Door” with him (“are you gonna help me out, or is it, ‘No, (expletive) you, Axl?'”).
But there were some warm moments as well; during “Sweet Child O' Mine,” the video screens caught Axl looking over at Slash not like a bandmate or a co-worker but like a fan, in awe of his Godlike guitar skills.
Many in Ford Field felt the same, and seeing Slash back with Guns N' Roses struck an indelible image. The times where Axl would walk over to Slash and lean on his shoulder were moments many in the audience thought they'd never get the chance to witness; you'll remember Axl Rose didn't even bother to show up when the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. That's how unlikely a tour like this seemed just a few years ago.
However it was able to happen, it happened. “Do you know where you are?” On Thursday, everyone seemed right where they should be.
Set list:
1. It's So Easy
2. Mr. Brownstone
3. Chinese Democracy
4. Welcome to the Jungle
5. Double Talkin' Jive
6. Estranged
7. Live and Let Die
8. Rocket Queen
9. You Could Be Mine
10. Raw Power (Stooges cover with Duff on vocals)
11. This I Love
12. Civil War
13. Coma
14. Theme from ‘The Godfather' (Slash)
15. Sweet Child O' Mine
16. Better
17. Out ta Get me
18. Wish You Were Here (Pink Floyd cover)
19. November Rain
20. Knockin' On Heaven's Door
21. Nighttrain
Encore
22. Don't Cry
23. The Seeker
24. Paradise City
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/28UDVRA
December 22, 2014
A common question that people have when learning Javascript is what the difference is between a function expression and a function declaration.
For example:
Function Expression
var x = function(){ return true; };
vs
Function Declaration
function x(){ return true; };
The key difference between these two patterns has to do with variable hoisting. Variable hoisting is something that happens when your Javascript is “compiled” by the browser. The browser reads your code and grabs all of your function and variable declarations and moves them to the top of their scope.
Like this:
function(){ var a = true; var b = true; var c = function(){ return true; }; function d(){ return true; }; }();
Gets “compiled” and becomes this for when the code is executed:
function(){ function d(){ return true; }; var a; var b; var c; a = true; b = true; c = function(){ return true; }; }();
As you see, all of the function and variable declarations get put at the top of their current scope. Declarations move to the top but all expressions occur where the code is written.
A Common Gotcha:
The following code throws an error:
function(){ a(); b();//Uncaught TypeError: undefined is not a function function a() { return true; }; var b = function(){ return true; }; }();
The reason we get an error is because var b is hoisted but not the function that is on the right side of the expression.
Here's what that code looks like at runtime with its declarations hoisted:
function(){ function a(){ return true; }; var b; a(); b();//Uncaught TypeError: undefined is not a function b = function(){ return true; }; }();
190 Kudos
Is this simply a ploy, or is there a future in celebrity sausage?
Bitelabs.org wants you to EAT CELEBRITY MEAT, according to the company's website. More specifically, it would like to “grow meat from celebrity tissue samples and use it to make artisanal salami.“
The site proposes taking tissue samples of celebs like Kanye West, James Franco, Jennifer Lawrence, and Ellen DeGeneres, and growing their cloned meat for use in a salami blend.
This might be a brilliant, extremely clever satirical commentary on the Silicon Valley food tech trend, or its just an earnest and serious ploy to get Kanye to eat himself in sausage form.
Consumers seem to be all for it:
If you see Franco at AWP, tell him to get on board with this plan to culture his flesh in a lab for human consumption http://t.co/4eXAmMuMXL — Will Kaufman (@specwill) February 26, 2014
According to Bite Labs, the Kanye salami is best paired with “strong straight bourbon.”
[via Animal NY, Motherboard]
A week ago, Ft. Lauderdale (Fla.) St. Thomas Aquinas 2017 quarterback Jake Allen completed 27 of 33 passes for 369 yards and three touchdowns. However, that was a preseason game and therefore those stats do not count towards the Florida commit's totals.
Friday, the 6-foot-3, 190-pound signal caller opened his junior season in stellar fashion. Allen completed 17 of 24 passes for 260 yards and four touchdowns to lead his team to a 35-3 victory over Miami (Fla.) Booker T. Washington, who was in the midsts of a 41-game winning streak.
QB Jake Allen to WR Sam Bruce for a TD pic.twitter.com/ouzHqnKrwt — Luke Stampini (@LukeStampini) August 29, 2015
The 247Sports Composite, an industry generated average, currently ranks Allen as the nation's No. 159 overall prospect and the No. 10 pro-style quarterback in the 2017 class.
Gator Chomps from 2017 QB commit Jake Allen. pic.twitter.com/OmQGtIjHPK — GatorBait.net (@GatorBait247) August 29, 2015
EDMONTON – Vandals caused well over $500,000 in damage at a construction site in a town southwest of Edmonton.
Devon RCMP said around 11 p.m. Sunday, vandals used excavators to dig a hole and completely bury a Komatsu packer, which is a large piece of construction equipment.
“Anybody who has worked construction knows the size of that kind of machinery. That's the machinery that was in an excavation hold and was buried right overtop of it,” said Insp. Gibson Glavin, RCMP.
Watch below: Vandals cause thousands of dollars in damage to construction equipment
A GPS had to be used to find the equipment. Once unearthed, the visible damage could be seen on the metal body and front grill of the machine.
“Somebody spent a lot of time here, it's just willfully stupid, it truly is,” Glavin said.
Mounties said the excavators were also used to damage other machines like rock trucks and land scrapers. Photos supplied by police show a John Deere excavator with crumpled metal panels.
Devon RCMP are asking for the public's helping in finding those responsible for the vandalism.
“Nothing has been ruled out, but the obvious thing is does anyone have a reason to want to damage this equipment or interfere with this construction site,” said Glavin.
Police believe whoever committed the crime must have had knowledge on how to use the equipment.
Glavin said the act has a “terrible impact.”
“At this time when people are losing contracts, here we have a construction site, someone is employing people, now they're going to be down for some time.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact Devon RCMP at 780-987-3413 or Crimestoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
The construction site is in southeast Devon along Highway 19, about 40 kilometres southwest of Edmonton.
With files from Michel Boyer
Starz announced Tuesday that they are developing the Black Samurai series from Jerry Bruckheimer Television and RZA's Wu Films.
Produced by RZA, the action-drama will star Common. The rapper-actor will also executive produce.
LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 13: RZA poses for a portrait at the Winter 2014 TCA's on January 13, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Maarten de Boer/Getty Images)
We first told you last year that a series was in development, with RZA producing and Common starring. Marc Olden's "Black Samurai" series of novels were written and published between 1974 and 1975.
Based on the Black Samurai novels written by Marc Olden, the series will follow the character of Robert Sand (Common), a highly-trained American Army Ranger whose life is transformed when he meets a legendary Japanese master who invites him to train as a samurai. After his beloved sensei and samurai brothers are killed by mercenaries, Sand is thrust on a worldwide journey of both revenge and self-discovery.
“We cannot wait for the world to meet Robert Sand – part Jason Bourne, part James Bond, and 100% the hero we need today. ‘Black Samurai' promises to be an action-packed ride and with the Bruckheimer team, Common, RZA and Andre at the helm, we can feel certain this will be exceptional storytelling,” said Carmi Zlotnik, president of programming for Starz.
“I'm beyond excited about ‘Black Samurai.' This is a unique and special project that offers something rarely seen in art and culture today. It's an honor to play the character of Robert Sand and to have my production company, Freedom Road Productions partnering with Jerry Bruckheimer Productions, RZA and Starz to deliver something fresh and new to people. I can't wait to dig into this character and the martial arts worlds of gun-fu, kung-fu, jujitsu and more. Look out world, ‘Black Samurai' is coming!” said Common.
RZA said, “I've been a fan of the Robert Sand character since I was a kid, ‘Black Samurai' being one of the films that got me into the martial art genre. A chance to combine with Jerry Bruckheimer, Common and Andre Gaines to reintroduce this character to a new generation makes myself and my partner Mitchell Diggs at Wu Films super stoked. With the Wibbs leading the writing team and Starz as our outlet, I'm certain the series will find its fan base."
More info on the Black Samurai series:
Marc Olden's "Black Samurai" series of novels were written and published between 1974 and 1975. The franchise follows American GI Robert Sand, on leave in Tokyo, who is shot trying to protect an old man from a group of drunk American soldiers. What he doesn't realize is that the old man is actually a Japanese Samurai master, who really doesn't need Sand's help, as he beats his attackers senseless. The Samurai is Master Konuma; he rescues Sand, and trains him for seven years, teaching him martial arts, swordplay, and stealth, until he becomes the Black Samurai - not only the first black man to ever take the oath of the Samurai, but the strongest fighter Konuma has ever trained.
One night, their dojo is ambushed, they are outnumbered and Sand witnesses the killing of his teacher and brother samurai by unknown villains. Sand then becomes a man with a mission for vengeance - to destroy the corrupt powers who are plotting an assault on world peace that could destroy everything he holds dear.
By the way, this is not to be confused with "Afro Samurai," the Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takashi Okazaki, which follows the life of Afro Samurai who witnessed his father (owner of the No. 1 headband) being killed at the hands of a gunslinger named Justice (owner of the No. 2 headband) when he was a child. As an adult, Afro sets off to avenge his father's death and kill Justice. It was adapted into a 5-episode animated TV series that later spawned a made-for-tv movie sequel, "Afro Samurai: Resurrection" in 2009. In addition, a video game and two successful soundtracks produced also by RZA were developed. Several years ago, Samuel L. Jackson was to produce a live action film based on the series, but it never happened.
Lucknow: Uttar Pradesh Additional Director General of Police (Law and Order) Mukul Goel today said curfew was being strictly implemented in troubled areas of Saharanpur district where three persons were killed in violent clashes.
"No incident has been reported since yesterday. Curfew is in effect and is being enforced strictly," Additional Director General of Police (Law and Order) Mukul Goel told PTI.
He said steps were being taken to normalise the situation at the earliest. "It has been directed that action should be taken against whosoever is found guilty," he said.
Twenty people have been arrested in connection with clashes between two communities yesterday. Three persons were yesterday killed and 19 others, including policemen, injured in the clashes as mobs indulged in arson after which curfew was clamped and shoot-at-sight ordered.
Five policemen, a city magistrate, and 13 others were injured. A constable was stated to be in serious condition in Chandigarh PGI after suffering a bullet injury. Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has already sought a report on the incident.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Attention, Hollywood: the premier builder of movie cars is not in Burbank or El Segundo or Vancouver. He's in West End, North Carolina, and he can create anything you want. The proof is in his garage. It's 24 feet long, wide as a Kenworth, with six wheels. It's called the Spirit of Nemo, and it's a doppelganger for Captain Nemo's car from the 2003 Sean Connery film “The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.”
In the annals of fan-built movie cars, nobody else has ever attempted a Nemo car. “And now,” says builder Ken Freeman, “I know why.”
On the scale of movie-car degree of difficulty, we have the General Lee at one end and Nemo's car way, way out on the other side, bookending all the Batmobiles and Tumblers and Mad Max Interceptors that have rolled out of fans' garages over the years. The Nemo machine poses both engineering challenges—it's a 7,000-pound four-door convertible with two steering axles—and artistic ones. It's covered in ornate sculptures and trim, and hardly anything is symmetrical left to right. If you need a part, you've got to make it.
While Freeman started with two Cadillac limousines, the finished product is a long way from anything that ever rolled out of Detroit. It's got a Caddy 425 V-8 under that 10-foot hood, and Freeman figured out how to link both cars' steering gear to create the quad-steer front end. But Freeman wasn't out to build a prop car or a low-speed parade float. He wanted Nemo to become roadgoing reality, a real car. So the Caddy frames got junked, replaced by a custom frame that would provide the rigidity necessary for an eight-yard-long roadster. “Normally, convertibles are reinforced with X-bracing under the floor,” Freeman says. “This car is too low for that, so the frame itself had to be stronger. I used steel I-beams.” They came from a dismantled bridge. There is no cowl shake in the Nemo-mobile.
There's no sloppiness anywhere, actually. Even that colossal hood, which you'd expect to quiver like a hacksaw blade, is reinforced with carbon fiber and remains serene and motionless on its gas struts when you pop it open to check out the engine bay (which is spacious enough to stand up in while working on the motor).
Other critical parts of the body, like the lower front corners of the doors, are reinforced with either carbon fiber or Kevlar. Freeman didn't skimp on this project. He's got a lot of money in it. And, he figures, about 6,500 hours of labor. Those elephants on the front? He carved those into a mold, cast them in resin and then plated them with pewter and aluminum. And then he repeated the process with more than 80 other trim pieces, some of which are cast in brass or gold.
Continue reading
WASHINGTON — Again and again, Senate Republicans made one thing clear Wednesday: They would not vote to confirm Eric H. Holder Jr. as attorney general. They were less passionate, however, about the person they were considering to replace him, Loretta E. Lynch.
Ms. Lynch had steeled herself for tough questioning from a new Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee, particularly on her views of President Obama's immigration policy. But the questioning was mostly cordial, and, most important, the Republicans on the committee who hold the key to Ms. Lynch's confirmation — she needs two of their votes to proceed to a vote by the full Senate — showed little opposition.
Instead, their sharpest criticism during several hours of questioning was reserved for Mr. Holder, who is resigning as attorney general after six years in which he frequently clashed with Republican lawmakers who accused him of politicizing the Justice Department. The focus on Mr. Holder, an outspoken liberal voice in the administration who has referred to himself as the president's “wingman,” allowed Ms. Lynch to parry the most contentious questions and present herself as an independent alternative.
“You're not Eric Holder, are you?” asked Senator John Cornyn of Texas, a Republican who allies of Ms. Lynch believe could be persuaded to vote for her confirmation.
Yahoo today announced that the huge data breach in August 2013 affected every user on its service — that's all three billion user accounts and up from the initial one billion figures Yahoo initially reported. Since disclosing the hack, Yahoo continued to add more numbers of accounts compromised, but today's announcement makes it clear that if you had a Yahoo email account, you were part of the breach.
if you had a Yahoo email account, you were part of the breach
The hack exposed user account information, which includes name, email address, hashed passwords, birthdays, phone numbers, and, in some cases, “encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers,” the company said back in 2016. Yahoo did confirm that passwords were not stolen in clear text, and hackers did not obtain bank or credit card information tied to the Yahoo accounts.
In the months following the announcement, the US Department of Justice charged Russian officials for “state-sponsored” crime relating to a separate Yahoo hack in 2014, with more lawsuits approved by a US District judge in San Jose, CA potentially forthcoming.
The news today comes four months after Yahoo was acquired by Verizon Communications (under a new division named Oath) for $4.48 billion — down $350 million from the initial offer due to the severity of the hacks.
A suspect has been arrested, he said
Library patron Vanessa Aguirre said she was in the Clovis-Carter Public Library with her son when a man came in and "started to shoot" into the air, The Eastern New Mexico News reported.
"It all happened so fast," she told the newspaper. "We took off fast. My purse is still in there."
The newspaper reported that air ambulances had been dispatched and at least one victim was taken to Clovis Municipal Airport for transport to Lubbock, Texas.
The newspaper's website showed images of armed police approaching the library, a young man being led away by a police officer and a woman, who appeared to be injured, being carried into an ambulance.
Some victims were received at Plains Regional Medical Center in Clovis, said Kerri Dufault, spokeswoman for Albuquerque based Presbyterian Healthcare Center, which operates the Clovis hospital.
TAMPA, Fla. -- To say it has been an interesting year for former junior scoring sensation and No. 3 overall pick Jonathan Drouin is to offend the word interesting.
Just over a year ago, Drouin asked to be traded by the Tampa Bay Lightning, the team that took him with its first selection in 2013. After his demand, the Lightning sent Drouin to the minors, and he subsequently left the organization entirely as he awaited a trade that never materialized.
Five weeks later, Drouin returned to the Lightning's American Hockey League affiliate in Syracuse, where he played well. He rejoined the Lightning later that spring for a postseason run to the Eastern Conference finals, which they lost in seven games to the eventual Stanley Cup-champion Pittsburgh Penguins. Drouin, 21, had five goals and 14 points in 17 playoff games for the Lightning.
Like his entire team, Drouin -- who is in his most productive stretch of the season, with six points in his past four games -- has experienced some ups and downs. ESPN.com caught up with the Montreal native on the eve of an important three-game Western Canadian road trip for his team.
ESPN.com: As a scorer, do you get a feeling of when you're about to go on a hot streak?
Jonathan Drouin: No, you just go out there and play. Some nights you're going to have chances, and some nights you're going to play a real good defensive team. Lately, the puck's going in when I'm shooting. Hopefully that keeps going.
ESPN.com: You went five games without a point before this stretch. When it doesn't happen, are there things you can do to change things up?
Drouin: You obviously look at video of your games, whether you're contributing or you're not. Five games is a little long, but if it's one or two games, maybe you're still playing the right way, playing well, and it's just not going in. But you want to microscope your game a little bit, go to those hard areas to get those bounces -- and then hopefully it starts going in.
ESPN.com: For every young player, there's a learning process of how to break things down and how to change things up. Has that process been difficult for you? Are you more comfortable doing that now?
Drouin: Yeah, I'm way more comfortable now. In junior, you're kind of the old guy, so coming in here with all those veterans is different. You're the young guy. Last year in the playoffs, I think I started to get to know the league, the other players, the systems, what they do -- and to get comfortable.
ESPN.com: What's it like in the dressing room when a team this good is struggling?
Drouin: You want to be in a playoff spot right away, but this is December. Teams are so good, standings are so tight, so we're not hitting the panic button. We're calm, but we still know it's time to step up and get some wins here.
ESPN.com: Is it weird to look at standings and see that you aren't in a playoff spot?
Drouin: For us, for sure. In past years, we were always in a playoff spot. But there are so many good teams, and we're not playing our best hockey right now.
Drouin's recent four-game, six-point streak includes three goals and three assists. Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
ESPN.com: It's been an eventful year for you. When you look back, do you think you are a different person now?
Drouin: Just [in terms of] maturity. You get used to stuffing around the league. You see stuff that maybe you didn't see last year. It was definitely a weird year, with all that stuff, but when I came back here during playoffs, guys were great. It's the same way here now, and it's nice to have the same kind of team.
ESPN.com: When you came back and played so well, did it surprise you how people treated you, that the guys were really good to you?
Drouin: No. Not with these guys. I didn't [ask for the trade] because of the guys in this room. When I came back -- and it was the same in Syracuse -- guys were great, the staff was great. It was like nothing happened. That was huge for me to see that guys didn't really care about what had happened before.
ESPN.com: Did they ever joke with you about it?
Drouin: Yeah, definitely. There have been a couple of jokes.
ESPN.com: Can you tell us what they were?
Drouin: Yeah. "Are you going to go home?" Stuff like that. Guys joke about it, but we're past it now.
ESPN.com: Do you like where your game is now?
Editor's Picks What AHL success does for the parent team How much of an impact does the success of a team's AHL affiliate have on success at the NHL level down the road?
Power Rankings: Flyers soar to No. 3 Philly's stock soared after a nine-game win streak. The Minnesota Wild and Calgary Flames also made big moves. The New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens again jostled for the top spot. 1 Related
Drouin: There's still a lot of stuff I want to improve. But I think it's going in the right direction lately. I think maybe not the past couple of weeks -- I haven't been playing my best hockey -- but the past couple of games I've felt good.
ESPN.com: Have you had family come and stay with you?
Drouin: They visit quite a bit. We're from Montreal, so I see them more [down here in Tampa] in the wintertime. I get a lot of family [visitors] during the wintertime. Sometimes you're alone in your condo, and the time gets pretty long, so it's nice to have them here.
ESPN.com: Do you have a routine away from rink now?
Drouin: At first, it was a little different. Like I said, I'm from Montreal. I'm used to snow and weather changes, but I'm definitely not complaining. [Tampa] is a fun city. It definitely feels like home now.
The next contender for the UFC light heavyweight title likely will be determined Jan. 30 as Anthony Johnson gets his wish and faces Ryan Bader in the FOX UFC Fight Night main event in Newark, New Jersey.
The fight was announced on "UFC Tonight" on Wednesday.
Johnson has been clamoring for a fight with Bader for the past couple of months as he anxiously awaited word on his return to action following a knockout win over Jimi Manuwa in September.
Article continues below ...
Johnson fought for the UFC title in May, losing by submission to current champion Daniel Cormier before returning to form with the win over Manuwa. The heavy-handed striker will look to cement his place atop the contenders with another victory in January, but he'll face a tough test.
Bader is riding a five-fight win streak and the former "Ultimate Fighter" winner has racked up a slew of top-10 wins, including victories over Ovince Saint Preux and most recently former light heavyweight champion Rashad Evans at UFC 192.
Bader likely was next in line for a title shot against Cormier until former champion Jon Jones was reinstated from suspension last month. But now Jones likely will get the chance to reclaim the championship he never lost after being stripped of the belt following his arrest in April on hit-and-run charges.
Cities and suburbs alike used to be dotted with millions of pay phones, many sheltered in iconic glass booths. But as the cell phone continues their rise, phone booths have become increasingly rare. Now, writes Steve Barnes for Reuters, pay phones are such an anomaly that a working example situated along a rural highway in Prairie Grove, Arkansas has been placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette's Bill Bowden notes that this is the first time the National Register has ever listed such a structure—and that the National Park Service, which administers the list, wasn't so sure it belonged there. After failing to get the booth listed, writes Bowden, the Arkansas Historic Preservation Program's board had to resubmit the booth for consideration, underscoring its design significance (it was manufactured in the 1950s), rarity and strategic placement.
Though pay phones haven't died altogether, they're rare enough these days that they count as a curiosity. The American Public Communications Council, which represents pay phone owners and operators, estimates on its website that there are fewer than 500,000 of them left in the country today. As such, the St. Prairie booth has become a destination for nostalgic tourists.
Given the rarity of phone booths like the one in Arkansas, it stands to reason that the few remaining specimens collect plenty of money, right? Wrong: The phone's operator tells Bowden that he only collects about $4 in change a year. Only a few people pay for the thrill of the cheapest time machine around - or the necessity of a quick phone call in a pinch.
Koreaboo and leading Korean news company TV Report have officially created an exclusive partnership for news content starting in 2015, following Koreaboo's exclusive partnership with Dispatch.
The two media organizations will be sharing exclusive news content, providing the latest updates on top Korean celebrities and entertainment companies moving forward. English translations of Korean content will be updated on a consistent basis on Koreaboo, available first before other international media portal sites.
TV Report is one of the largest media organizations in Korea, covering entertainment, TV, social, culture, lifestyle news and more from South Korea. The organization works closely with major companies to host events, marathons, and national film festivals in order to give back to Korean society.
Koreaboo launched in September 2010, going on to produce numerous concerts, festivals, auditions, and more, before relaunching their website in 2014. Since founding the biggest K-Pop festival in the United States, KCON, Koreaboo has gone on to prove themselves as a leader in the K-Pop industry with over 6 million unique readers a month.
This is the second exclusive partnership Koreaboo has launched in 2015, and the beginning of a global takeover of Korean content in order to provide faster and more reliable news to international fans. Koreaboo has plans to launch multi-language support in 2015 as well as collaborative platform features in the coming months, with major announcements expected to be revealed soon.
Stay tuned for more from Koreaboo and TV Report!
"The wild population will decline progressively," Argiles-Herrero, an IAEA scientist working on the drone project said. "The survivors are overwhelmed with more sterile males every week, at a ration of 10:1, so in the end the population cannot recover and can eventually be eradicated."
The approach could be replicated with manned aircraft, but there are benefits to using the drones. First of all, they're cheaper to use, given their size and autonomous flight capabilities. They're also more effective because they can fly lower than their manned equivalent. Embention's system is convenient too, as it can be programmed to drop the insects at different rates depending on the area. So if the region has a particularly high tsetse fly population, the drone can up its dosage accordingly. Otherwise, it will simply drop the boxes at predefined coordinates.
The drones are being tested in Ethiopia, where tsetse flies affect at least 200,000 square kilometers of fertile land. Embention and the IAEA are working with the Ethiopian Ministry of Livestock and the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation to fine-tune the system. If it's successful, the autonomous planes could be rolled out further, tackling the problem in wider areas. That would slow the spread of trypanosomosis, commonly known as sleeping sickness, and ultimately save human lives.
At approximately 14:35hrs on 13 January the regional traffic police confirmed to the SMM that a Grad rocket struck close to a civilian bus when it stopped at a Ukrainian Armed Force checkpoint approximately 2km north of Volnovakha (35km south-west of Donetsk).
The SMM arrived at the location of the incident at 17:45hrs and witnessed the removal of two of the dead passengers from the bus. The bus had shrapnel damage consistent with a nearby rocket impact, estimated by the SMM to be 12-15 meters from the side of the bus. The SMM visited the Volnovakha hospital where the staff confirmed that ten persons on the bus were killed instantly, while two died later in the hospital. Another 17 passengers were injured.
Following a proposal from the SMM, the Ukrainian Major-General and Head of the Ukrainian side to the JCCC and the Russian Federation Major-General, representative of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation to the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination (JCCC) and the “Donetsk People's Republic” (DPR) leadership have agreed to conduct a joint investigation led by the JCCC. In parallel, the SMM will continue its observations and establish its own findings regarding the incident.
We've all seen the Terminator movies, and the apocalyptic nightmare that the self-aware AI system, Skynet, wrought upon humanity.
And behaviour tests conducted on Google's DeepMind AI system make it clear just how careful we need to be when building the robots of the future.
In tests in 2016, Google's DeepMind AI system demonstrated an ability to learn independently from its own memory, and beat the world's best Go players at their own game.
Then it started figuring out how to seamlessly mimic a human voice.
More recently in 2017, researchers tested its willingness to cooperate with others, and revealed that when DeepMind feels like it's about to lose, it opts for "highly aggressive" strategies to ensure that it comes out on top.
The Google team ran 40 million turns of a simple 'fruit gathering' computer game that asks two DeepMind 'agents' to compete against each other to gather as many virtual apples as they could.
They found that things went smoothly so long as there were enough apples to go around, but as soon as the apples began to dwindle, the two agents turned aggressive, using laser beams to knock each other out of the game to steal all the apples.
You can watch the Gathering game in the video below, with the DeepMind agents in blue and red, the virtual apples in green, and the laser beams in yellow:
Now those are some trigger-happy fruit-gatherers.
Interestingly, if an agent successfully 'tags' its opponent with a laser beam, no extra reward is given. It simply knocks the opponent out of the game for a set period, which allows the successful agent to collect more apples.
If the agents left the laser beams unused, they could theoretically end up with equal shares of apples, which is what the 'less intelligent' iterations of DeepMind opted to do.
It was only when the Google team tested more and more complex forms of DeepMind that sabotage, greed, and aggression set in.
As Rhett Jones reported for Gizmodo back in 2017, when the researchers used smaller DeepMind networks as the agents, there was a greater likelihood for peaceful co-existence.
But when they used larger, more complex networks as the agents, the AI was far more willing to sabotage its opponent early to get the lion's share of virtual apples.
The researchers suggest that the more intelligent the agent, the more able it was to learn from its environment, allowing it to use some highly aggressive tactics to come out on top.
"This model ... shows that some aspects of human-like behaviour emerge as a product of the environment and learning," one of the team, Joel Z Leibo, told Matt Burgess at Wired.
"Less aggressive policies emerge from learning in relatively abundant environments with less possibility for costly action. The greed motivation reflects the temptation to take out a rival and collect all the apples oneself."
DeepMind was then tasked with playing a second video game, called Wolfpack. This time, there were three AI agents - two of them played as wolves, and one as the prey.
Unlike Gathering, this game actively encouraged co-operation, because if both wolves were near the prey when it was captured, they both received a reward - regardless of which one actually took it down:
"The idea is that the prey is dangerous - a lone wolf can overcome it, but is at risk of losing the carcass to scavengers," the team explains in their paper.
"However, when the two wolves capture the prey together, they can better protect the carcass from scavengers, and hence receive a higher reward."
So just as the DeepMind agents learned from Gathering that aggression and selfishness netted them the most favourable result in that particular environment, they learned from Wolfpack that co-operation can also be the key to greater individual success in certain situations.
And while these are just simple little computer games, the message is clear - put different AI systems in charge of competing interests in real-life situations, and it could be an all-out war if their objectives are not balanced against the overall goal of benefitting us humans above all else.
Think traffic lights trying to slow things down, and driverless cars trying to find the fastest route - both need to take each other's objectives into account to achieve the safest and most efficient result for society.
It's still early days for DeepMind, and the team at Google, but the initial results show that, just because we build them, it doesn't mean robots and AI systems will automatically have our interests at heart.
Instead, we need to build that helpful nature into our machines, and anticipate any 'loopholes' that could see them reach for the laser beams.
As the founders of OpenAI, Elon Musk's research initiative dedicated to the ethics of artificial intelligence, said back in 2015:
"AI systems today have impressive but narrow capabilities. It seems that we'll keep whittling away at their constraints, and in the extreme case, they will reach human performance on virtually every intellectual task. It's hard to fathom how much human-level AI could benefit society, and it's equally hard to imagine how much it could damage society if built or used incorrectly."
Tread carefully, humans...
A version of this story was first published in February 2017.
Nothing sparks spasms of poor economic commentary like rising oil prices. From left to right, pundits and politicians outdo each other at accusing evildoers of hurting good people. This week, a Democratic congressional committee held a hearing on the issue of high gas prices and excessive oil speculation.
Speculators are easy targets. They seem to produce nothing. They merely buy and sell and hope for prices to move in directions that will bless them with big profits.
In fact, though, speculators also bless the rest of us with significant benefits -- although too few Americans understand this truth.
Speculators should be celebrated -- not so much for their motives (which are no better or worse than normal) but for the socially beneficial, if largely invisible, consequences of their activities. Speculation makes resources more abundant when there is great scarcity by encouraging people to use those resources more sparingly when there is relative abundance.
Suppose a village on the west side of a mountain range has an unusually good wheat harvest, but a village on the east side loses most of its crop to drought. Everyone agrees that wheat should be shipped from where it's relatively abundant to where it's in short supply. Commerce and market prices ensure that such shipments occur.
Wheat prices in the drought-stricken east village will be high, while prices in the village with the good harvest will be low. So merchants will buy wheat on the cheap in the west -- causing its price there to rise -- and ship it to the east village, where it will be sold at a profit.
It's true that these merchants are motivated by self-interest. No matter. They perform the beneficial task of distributing supplies more equally and sensibly. Because of the merchants' profit-seeking response to the difference in prices between the two villages, people who need wheat less urgently are encouraged by higher prices to use less of it, so that people who need wheat more urgently get what they need. Surely this result deserves applause.
Speculators perform the very same task. The only difference is that, with speculation, people who need resources more urgently are separated from people who need them less urgently not by a physical barrier, but by time.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Speculators who anticipate that oil will be in shorter supply tomorrow than today can profit by buying oil today and selling it tomorrow. Oil is transported across time from today (when it's relatively abundant) to tomorrow (when it will be less so). Barrels of oil that would, without speculation, have been used today when they aren't so desperately needed are, with speculation, conserved for use tomorrow when they will be more desperately needed. Surely this result deserves applause.
Speculators do cause oil prices today to rise -- but these higher prices merely reflect the reality that oil supplies tomorrow are expected to shrink (if, for example, tensions continue to rise in the Middle East). Over the time span that includes today as well as tomorrow, oil has become more scarce. By understanding this, speculators drive up prices today, thus encouraging us to use oil more sparingly today. And that conserves more oil for tomorrow.
Today's higher prices not only prompt us to conserve more, they also prompt oil producers to intensify efforts to supply more. Oil deposits that are unprofitable to exploit at lower prices become profitable to exploit at higher prices.
Speculators might, of course, err. They're human. But such errors are kept to a minimum because when speculators err they wind up buying high and selling low. The wish to avoid such losses, and to earn profits, keeps speculators ever on the lookout for opportunities to transfer resources from times when they're unusually abundant to times when they are unusually scarce.
And surely this result deserves applause.
Donald J. Boudreaux is a professor of economics at George Mason University and author of the forthcoming "Hypocrites & Half-Wits."
Wouldn't it be fun to see one of your photos go viral? We just never quite know when one of our photos hits a thread with the right person, they share it, and the photo is suddenly being talked about by hundreds of thousands. This evening, wedding photographer Sascha Reinking, suspected he might have seen a celebrity, Zach Braff, photobombing a wedding photo he took while on the streets of NYC and tweeted the photo to him not expecting much to happen. About an hour later the photo is being seen by hundreds of thousands of people.
As Reinking was going through his photos from a recent wedding he thought he spotted someone familiar photobombing the wedding couple as they shared a kiss on the streets of New York City. He shared the photo to his Facebook page with the caption, "I might be mistaken but is that Zach Braff photobombing my newlywed couple?! Only in New York..."
Braff has been in numerous movies and television shows but most famously known by his starring role in the television series "Scrubs" which aired from 2001-2010. Reinking then tweeted the photo over to Zach Braff to see if he would admit the photobomb. "@zachbraff Sir, I think you photobombed my newlywed couple the other day in New York. Well played."
Braff admitted to the photobomb by tweeting out the photo out to his 1.3 million followers on Twitter, "This is one of my best photobombs ever."
Within two hours the photo has been retweeted over 3300 times. (Edit: 12 hours since the original tweet and it has now been retweeted over 8000 times and picked up by most of the major news organizations.)
What a thrill that has got to be for Sascha. I just love seeing photos go viral!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 19, 2015, 3:20 AM GMT By Maggie Fox
A second tourist who had been visiting California's Yosemite National Park has been diagnosed with plague, California officials said Tuesday.
They said the patient, a visitor from Georgia, got tested after hearing that parts of the park had been closed to spray pesticides to kill fleas that carry the infection.
One popular campground was closed last week, and another is closed this week to spray for fleas after a Los Angeles girl came down with plague after visiting there and two dead squirrels were found to have been infected.
“Warnings issued in California regarding plague were useful all the way across the country in Georgia,” state Health Officer Dr. Karen Smith said in a statement.
“Those warnings helped the patient get the prompt medical attention necessary to recover from this illness.”
Plague can look like the flu and it can turn into a deadly illness if not treated promptly with antibiotics. Symptoms include a sudden fever, a severe headache, nausea and chills.
“Prior to becoming ill, the patient had been vacationing in Yosemite National Park (Yosemite), the Sierra National Forest and surrounding areas in California in early August,” California's health department said in a statement.
“Although the presence of plague has been confirmed in wild rodents over the past two weeks at Crane Flat and Tuolumne Meadows campgrounds in Yosemite, the risk to human health remains low. Action to protect human and wildlife health by closing and treating campgrounds was taken out of an abundance of caution."
Plague infections in people are very rare in the U.S., with an average of seven cases a year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
Earlier this month, Colorado officials said an unidentified adult died from plague. A 16-year-old Colorado boy died from plague in June after he developed an unusual and hard-to-treat septicemic infection. Two other Coloradans who caught plague this year were treated and recovered, including one whose dog is suspected of having carried the infection.
There is nothing wholly unknowable, nothing imagined that is unachievable... the horizon of this world is but the harbor of another. Let us become something worth telling tales of, on many worlds!
You're not here to SAVE the Galaxy...
You're here to PLAY in it!
Katalyka is a board game for 1-4 players that focuses on what it feels like to live as a member of the Stellar Consciousness of a Galaxy. It all starts with one Star for each player, and the goal is to invest your Stellar resources in the smartest strategic ways to build planets, then cultures that help grow your consciousness across the Galaxy! This is not a "typical space opera shoot-em-up" type game. Katalyka's system uses 'by the turn' customisable visual reference cards for deployment of Stellar resources into a full range of different gameplay styles. To truly master the Galaxy, you have to become adept in all of the pathways!
The main goal of Katalyka is to have fun!
The gameplay is similar to a cross between Risk and Magic The Gathering.
Play should only take a few minutes to learn how to play, but the complexity of the strategic possibility increases nearly exponentially as the gameplay deepens. There are 13 different types of interactions possible when interacting with an opponent, each of these pathways offers a different style of gameplay, and each one has been mastered by a different culture of the Galaxy. Each group has different weaknesses and strengths, and can be seen as a hero, or a villain... depending on your game strategy.
Learn trade and master transportation in The Circle of Life, master data archiving and planetary engineering in The Order of the Singularity, and befriend multidimensional predators or hire anarchist hackers in The Forgotten... as you try to build a culture rich enough to become a member of The Elite, mysterious beings with capabilities and resources spanning every level of life.
Here is an excerpt from the beginning of the manual, to get a better idea of what I am talking about:
The Elements of The Game
This game is ready to play, no planning or other parts are needed. There are various ways to expand upon Katalyka, but these are the essential parts that came with the box you just opened:
The basic Gravity Deck (50 cards).
The basic Celestial Deck (50 cards).
The basic Organica Deck (100 cards).
The basic Katalyka Deck (111 cards).
16 Hex Map sections.
Player icon sheet. This sheet holds 216 reversable Player/Heat Death tokens, 198 reversable Pathway/Polarity tokens.
250 glass Entropy investment counters.
For some free downloadables, and more ideas to expand your Katalyka gameplay, visit www.
Welcome to Katalyka!
This is a game unlike most others. I agree with those who said that a good strategy game takes minutes to learn and a lifetime to master. There are elements of this system that I have been working on developing for over two decades.
I think that the loss of magic and mystery we experience with some of our scientific observations may be restored, and a more healthy balance of life can be found through respecting the Macro Organic life and finding new ways to interact with them... also learning to respect the old ways in a new light.
This manual is divided into two sections, the quick start section (for those who want to just dive right in and start playing), and the Galactic Primer (for those of you who enjoy learning about the deeper backstory of the Universe of Katalyka).
What is the game about?
Building a multi-level super-culture and spreading it across the stars to increase your influence! The Celestials are beings of pure Macro Organic consciousness and have been strategically battling each other for millions of years... this is more than just a war of ideals, and many places in the Galaxy feel left out of the Celestial's plan. Some say corruption is the problem, some say its technology that rips humanity from us, a few say It's too much or too little free will, and others say that there is no solution at all. But life continues and as long as it struggles to survive and discover itself, the debate will rage on!
The World of Katalyka:
The Galaxy is an ancient organic being that is attempting to build itself into the perfect lifeform on every level.
This is The Order of the Singularity.
There are some civilisations that have grown up within this being that are attempting to use their technology to control and consume everything else... not content to transition slowly through the Universe over thousands of years, they seek the shortest path to Ultimate Power.
These are The Elite.
All over the Galaxy, the Elite has been rebuilding the Order into their own system. The beings living in these parts of the Galaxy are kept unaware of the workings of the true ancient Order of the Singularity. They are taught to believe only in the laws of The Elite. They are taught to listen... not to think for themselves or ask questions, but to serve.
This is The Circle of Life.
Anything that stands in the way of The Elite and their system of control is rejected and abused. Those that attempt to become aware of their tactics are forced to battle against their own unaware allies, family, and friends. The resources of The Baby are brought down upon those who do not seek to worship the corrupt and greedy members of The Elite.
These are The Forgotten.
Each of these large forces in the Galaxy has splintered groups and subsets, and cultures that have risen up between them as they interact, giving a player many different styles to choose from, making each game a more 'fresh' experience!
How do we win?
There are a few different types of gameplay style that your group of players can enjoy. Each one offers a couple different types of Endgame, or achievements that win the game for the player that completes it:
Single player – Time yourself and see how quickly you can build your culture and achieve Katalyka.
Co – Op play – This is good for shorter games, where the players all work together to build a cooperative Galactic Culture. The last player to contribute to building a completed Katalyka is the “winner”. Part of the fun in this style of play is trading cards between players becomes a bigger part of the game.
Competitive play – Good for evening-long or multi-night sessions, the first player to use their resources to achieve a finished Katalyka wins!
King of The Well – The players compete to occupy the Center position on the Galactic Map, which grants a point for each round you keep your resources active on the Center.
Galactic Empire – In this style of play, the Endgame is to take over all other player's map positions and eliminate them as competition by either driving them into Heat Death or using your resources to convert their Celestials into part of your culture.
Free For All – In this version of the game, the first player to complete ANY of the available Endgames (Katalyka, King of The Well, Galactic Empire) wins.
What I hope to do by offering this as a Kickstarter project?
I believe that this game is going to be the most awesome thing I have yet created, and I want to get it out into the world to be enjoyed by people! Lowering the costs enables me to make the game higher quality. For example, in the photo of the prototypes, you can see the hex maps are made of top-laminated 100 lb paper, but in the final, ACTUAL product for sale here, the hex maps and the player map icons are going to be on top-laminated 14-layer illustration board, and the player map icons are going to be laser cut.
Please consider pre-ordering a copy of this game, I could really use your support to help get it made, and I think people are going to enjoy playing it a lot!
I've been working VERY intently on it, and I hope that by offering up some great incentives that I can get the first edition of the game published a lot cheaper than by doing it in short runs (this is one of the best aspects of a website like Kickstarter, to those of you who may be visiting this site for the first time.) Publishing in a larger quantity lowers the price, and I'm feeling confident that I can get at least 100 pre-orders of the game here, and crossing my fingers for many more than that!
Thank you for reading all of this!
If you have any questions or comments, I welcome community feedback.
Molly Michelle Friedrich
In his first major intervention in the debate, the Most Rev Justin Welby said he could not support David Cameron's same-sex marriage Bill in its current form.
He warned that the reform “weakened” the concept of the “normal” family as the basis for a strong community and replaced traditional marriage with something “less good”.
Archbishop Welby has been reluctant to join the public condemnation of the reforms, despite widespread opposition from Anglicans, Roman Catholics, Muslims and other faith organisations.
The Church of England has previously adopted a more conciliatory position towards the reforms, acknowledging that parliament was likely to pass the Bill and seeking to secure legal protections from ministers to stop churches being forced to conduct gay marriages.
The government says the Bill, which will be voted upon in the Lords on Tuesday, contains a “quadruple lock” of measures to safeguard the Church of England against legal challenges on human rights grounds.
Archbishop Welby said the plan “may have some chance of withstanding legal scrutiny” in the European courts but many faith groups remained fearful.
Speaking on the first day of debate on the Bill in the House of Lords, the Archbishop warned that legalising same-sex marriages would be a social problem, not a faith issue.
“We think that traditional marriage is a cornerstone of society,” he told peers.
“Rather than adding a new and valued institution alongside it for same gender relationships, which I would personally strongly support to strengthen us all, this Bill weakens what exists and replaces it with a less good option that is neither equal nor effective," he said.
“The concept of marriage as a normative place for procreation is lost; the idea as marriage as covenant is diminished; the family in its normal sense, predating the state, and as our base community of society, as we have already heard, is weakened.
“It is not at heart a faith issue,” he said. “It is about the general social good. So with much regret but entire conviction I cannot support the Bill as it stands.”
Do you agree? Would gay marriage “diminish” Christian marriage and damage the fabric of society?
The Archbishop criticised the Bill for mistakenly treating marriages and weddings as the same thing. Gay couples can have equality without needing to be able to marry, he said. “Two things may be equal but different."
The Bill also fails to deliver equal rights for homosexuals because it distinguishes clearly between same-sex and opposite-sex marriage, “thus not achieving true equality”.
“The result is confusion. Marriage is abolished, redefined, and recreated, being different and unequal for different categories.”
The new definition of marriage is “an awkward shape” with same-sex and opposite sex marriages “scrunched into it” but not fitting well, the Archbishop said.
The Lords debate follows an overwhelming vote in favour of the Marriage (same-sex couples) BIll in the Commons last month.
Lord Dear, a former chief constable, urged peers to reject the "ill-considered" Bill. He warned that it risked inflaming hatred of homosexuals and was a "moral minefield".
“We find ourselves in a world where an ill-conceived Bill seeks to overturn centuries of tradition, heedless of public opinion and religious leaders and blind to the laws of unintended consequences," he said.
However, the government warned that the future of marriage as an institution depended on opening it up to modern society.
Baroness Stowell of Beeston said: “I am speaking in support of those same-sex couples who want the opportunity to marry because very simply this government considers their love and commitment to be no different from that of opposite sex couples.
“We believe same-sex couples should be able to marry if they want to and extending that choice is the right thing to do for them and the right thing to do for the future of marriage,” she said. If marriage is to continue to flourish, “we need the institution to reflect our modern inclusive society”.
The opposition said many Labour peers were also delighted to support the Bill.
Peers are expected to vote on whether to block the Bill on Tuesday.
The leadership of the Church of England has been torn over whether it would undermine its position by using its votes in the Lords to oppose the reforms.
Bishops have been told privately not to turn up en masse to vote against for fear that it could trigger a political backlash.
One of them, the Bishop of Lichfield, the Rt Rev Jonathan Gledhill, even posted a message on his website explaining that he would be staying away from the debate as he had been advised it would be seen as an "abuse of privilege" for all of the bishops in the Lords to attend.
The statement was promptly amended as the Church attempted to deny pressure was being applied on bishops to abstain.
In the debate, the former Bishop of Oxford, Lord Harries, said he supported same-sex marriage and attacked the Church's failure to embrace civil partnerships when they were first proposed.
"I think the idea of a lifelong partnership is a beautiful one," he said.
However, the Bishop of Leicester, the Rt Rev Tim Stevens, said he would abstain.
Iraqi officials say a suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowd of police recruits Tuesday, killing 50 people and wounding at least 150 others.
The blast occurred Tuesday outside of a police station in the late dictator Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit, about 130 kilometers north of Baghdad. Local officials blamed al-Qaida for the attack.
Witnesses say the blast site was covered in blood and torn flesh, with pieces of clothing and shoes scattered around.
Following the attack, mosques issued broadcast appeals for people to donate blood for the wounded.
The attack was the deadliest in Iraq since the formation of a new government in December after a nine-month political stalemate.
Recently, there have been a number of suicide bombings throughout the country as it struggles to emerge from years of war.
On Monday, a suicide bomber attacked a convoy carrying the governor of Anbar province, wounding at least six people but not injuring the politician.
Last month, a double suicide bombing near the government compound in Ramadi killed at least nine people and wounded about 50 others.
Some information for this report was provided by AP, AFP and Reuters.
Experience the Finale of Rohan's Epic Story and the Beginning of All-out War in Middle-earth. FIGHT FOR ROHAN'S SURVIVAL Unearth the depth of Gríma Wormtongue's treachery, unravel a mystery weaved through the war-torn Westemnet, and defend the fortress at Helm's Deep. Learn More EXPLORE WESTERN ROHAN Rohan's once-serene fields are fraught with gruesome evil among roaring fires that burn the pillaged lands. Heroes are needed to stand against fell deeds in these treacherous times. Learn More ENLIST IN EPIC BATTLES War thunders across Middle-earth! You and your fellows must charge into Epic Battles of unmatched scale and scope to save the lands of the Free Peoples. Your choices have consequences that shape the nature of each battle, but also yield amazing rewards for the worthy. Learn More REVITALIZE YOUR ROLE Choose your path to triumph and power with new class Trait Trees and roles that are more true to the legends of Middle-earth than ever before. Learn More
Neither money nor physical actions will stop North Korea from advancing its nuclear weapons program, a senior North Korean official who defected from the country over the summer told South Korean media via a US News report Thursday.
In fact, the defector, Thae Yong Ho, who previously served as a deputy North Korean ambassador in London, said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is “racing ahead with nuclear development after setting up a plan to develop it [nuclear weapons] at all costs by the end of 2017,” the report said.
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has repeatedly called on China to do more to halt the North's progress, but Thae said Kim was confident China would not react too severely because it prefers the status quo to a pro-U.S. unified Korea on China's border.
President Barack Obama reportedly warned Trump's team in November, in the White House's assessment, North Korea is the most severe national security threat for the coming administration, the report said.
Thae says Kim will attempt to exploit not only the American transition in power from Obama to Trump, but the possible ouster of South Korea's president as well following her impeachment earlier this month.
"Due to domestic political procedures, North Korea calculates that South Korea and the U.S. will not be able to take physical or military actions to deter North Korea's nuclear development," Thae said, adding Western economic incentives were unlikely to sway Kim.
"As long as Kim Jong-un is (in power), North Korea will never give up its nuclear weapons," Thae was quoted as saying. "The north will not give them up even if the country is offered $1 trillion or $10 trillion in return."
– WN.com, Jack Durschlag
Like many LGBT residents of San Francisco, Marcy Adelman moved to the city in the 1970s to live an out life in a welcoming community.
“I had an epiphany one day,” she says. “I was standing in line at the Castro Theatre, and I looked up and down the line and I saw all these people my age looking beautiful in the Castro on a sunny day, and I thought, where are our elders?”
As the local LGBT population aged, the city that once welcomed them with open arms became too expensive to love back. LGBT elders were forced to leave San Francisco. Many who stayed struggled to find affordable housing where they felt safe and welcome. Many felt they were being forced back in the closet.
Adelman's concern led her to found the organization Openhouse 18 years ago, with the vision of providing housing and services to LGBT seniors. For nearly two decades, Openhouse has offered housing workshops, support groups, social events, and community in San Francisco.
It took nearly 20 years for Adelman's original vision of integrated housing and services to become reality, with the opening of San Francisco's first LGBT-welcoming affordable housing complex for seniors. The Openhouse Community at 55 Laguna Street features 40 affordable apartments developed in partnership with Mercy Housing California, with an additional building at 95 Laguna. They're adding a further 79 homes in the fall of 2017, creating one of the largest LGBT senior communities in the country.
“Last year alone Openhouse supported over 2500 San Francisco Bay Area LGBT seniors between our programs, services and housing, with over 93% reporting a positive impact on their health and well-being.“ said Openhouse Executive Director Karyn Skultety. “But our work is far from done, with many of San Francisco's estimated 25,000 LGBT seniors fearing discrimination and compromised care in their struggle to find quality housing and services”
This post was sponsored by our friends at Openhouse
This Story Filed Under
21st Century Fox co-chairman Rupert Murdoch (Screen capture)
Staffers who work on the Fox News website say under new leadership it is moving away from hard news and becoming more like the network's talk show hosts, promoting President Donald Trump and harping on so-called Hillary Clinton conspiracies.
According to one media expert who spoke with Politico, the popular news website is “going a little Breitbart.”
“The approach has gone much more the way the prime-time programming works where it feels more agenda or opinion driven, or combative,” explained one Fox New employee, comparing recent coverage to the opinion-driven ramblings of night-time hosts Sean Hannity and Laura Ingraham.
According to the report, Noah Kotch took over as the Fox News digital editor-in-chief six months ago and has beefed up the staff by over 45 percent — many of whom are working hand-in-hand in collaboration with the television side.
“The digital side of Fox, they weren't investing as much for many, many years, I think that's widely known,” Kotch explained. “We're finally staffing up, we're getting all the resources that we really need to be competitive, which we didn't have before.”
Longtime digital staffers claim that, under their new boss, they have moved away from delivering straight news to a more ideological slant that promotes Trump.
Politico notes that a story on the passage of the GOP tax plan was headlined with “RELIEF IN SIGHT,” taking an editorial stance on a new story. Another story hyped “anti-Trump bias allegations” against Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe.
The report states that one editor reportedly grew upset when the new site took a lead from Trump's derogatory “Rocket Man” epithet for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to refer to scientists in the country as “Rocket men.”
Equally notable was the way the website buried the story of ex-Judge Roy Moore's stunning defeat for a U.S. Senate seat representing Alabama — which did not go unnoticed on Twitter.
“I don't think we would have buried a story like that back in the old days, so to speak,” said one former editor at the site who left before Trump was elected.
You can read the whole report here.
The Disability Caucus is aiming to achieve full accreditation by the Green Party in time for the 2017 Annual Meeting in July. Part of the accreditation process is demonstrating that we have at least 100 members from over 15 states.
In our efforts to try to reach that 100/15 threshold, please fill out this form if you self-identify as a person with disability and intend to become a member of the GPUS Disability Caucus.
Note that we can only count you towards that 100 person goal if you are a fully-registered member of your state Green Party as well. Please go to www.gp.org/state_parties to find the contact information for your state party. Please reach out to them and ensure you are a member! Sometimes this means filling out a form, sometimes (where applicable) means just changing your voting registration to Green.
Please share this form with other Green Party members who would be interested and qualified to join the Disability Caucus
Thank you! And stay tuned for more information.
Yahoo Group | Facebook Group
This is part two of two for the exhaustive checklist for ranked ladder gameplay.
Part one you can find: here (will open in a new window/tab).
In this part we'll cover game sense, mindset, and some housekeeping stuff to do before a ranked game.
Game sense
Game sense is everything else in the game that's not mechanical in nature, but is still important for your success in ranked. This doesn't include mentality, which is another section, but it includes things like item building, map awareness, etc.
Do I know how to build efficiently? Do I know how to counterbuild? Too many players see an optimized build/build order, which they see in a guide and automatically use that build for every single situation. Whilst there are builds that synergize extremely well (build efficiency, covered below), it won't work for certain lane matchups or compositions.
There have even been examples of this in competitive play – even pro players may stop considering the matchup and stick to their preferred builds. Consider Zac top for example – a champion that was very strong a patch back, and Sunfire Cape was very popular as a first item. However, against a Singed, if the Zac sticks with Sunfire, they will most likely suffer in lane. If a Spirit Visage was rushed first, it would have boosted Zac's passive healing, lowered cooldowns on all of his skills, as well as increased resistances against Singed's skills – an overall better first item to rush, all things considered.
Similarly, if the enemy team has four sources of physical damage, it's important to build extra armor, or extra magic resist if the team is mostly magic damage.
The way to realize what to build is to not just follow a guide, but also consider all items that has synergy with your champion. Stop and think about what an item does, and how you can benefit from it. For example, Liandry's Torment – any spell that impairs movement will do extra damage over time. Does your champion have AP scaling that slows and deals damage over time? Is your champion called Teemo? Asking questions will help you determine what to build in a given situation. Is their AP mid on Fizz doing massive damage? Maybe it's time to pick up a Hex Drinker on Jax instead of rushing a Randuin's Omen.
Another brief note on build efficiency – for example, heavy AD scaling champions like Graves benefit the most from the upfront AD burst damage from skills. Also, champions like Tristana that have innate attack speed steroids with skills will do better with more damage. Rushing attack speed isn't going to do you wonders.
Do I have map awareness? Do I look at the mini-map often enough? Do I ping MIAs and Careful pings so my teammates know? A common tip is to look at the mini-map after every last hit, and if you're the Jungler, constantly observe the mini-map.
Ping if your lane is missing; especially ping careful pings if you think that they might be in the general vicinity. Whether your teammates respect your pings is out of your control, but at least you tried to help. For Mid laners, try to also follow your lane or to push, but sometimes that isn't always possible, maybe you were backing or you were taking a buff.
Be aware of enemy laners that are also missing. If you only see your teammate in middle lane and your Mid laner is spamming question marks all over the place – the gig might be up. Play safe, especially if you have no vision available.
This also means that you can safely assume if a brush isn't warded, that there could be a Garen in that brush. How many Garens in that brush can be calculated with the Garen-Brush likelihood index: if there are 4 missing Garens on the map, the chances of there being 4 Garens in that brush is 100%. On a more serious note, always be vigilant, and facecheck with extreme caution.
Do I know where to ward as each role? There are tons of guides on warding out there. Look at this series of images for example (click!). It will increase your game sense because you can also anticipate where the opponent will ward and use pink wards accordingly. This is especially important for support players, as half of the game will be dedicated to warding the map. If you know where the most popular spots wards are, you can counter-ward (use a pink, vision ward)
Do note that there are several bush reductions in Season 4, which means warding spots will change a tiny bit in the brushes around buffs, but for the most part they are the same. In fact, wards will now see more in Season 4 if the proposed changes remain.
Also note that there are dramatic changes under way in terms of map vision – supports won't be the only role where the ward emphasis is the strongest, so now's the best time to learn where to ward more than ever if you haven't already!
Do I know what weaknesses their champions may have? Do I know how to play accordingly? Many champions have phases in a game when they're the strongest. Try to adjust your play accordingly. This is hard to recognize at first, but if you play enough normal games you'll start to see trends. A famous example is Kassadin pre-6. He's extremely vulnerable, because he's melee, and has no escapes, making him very prone to ganks. A good Kassadin will CS under tower, but in those first few placement games, chances are they will play aggressive, so you can react accordingly if you're the Mid laner or Jungler.
Am I able to recognize a person that is out of position? Similarly, am I able to recognize a person that is trying to bait? This is more nuanced and might require a lot of games to develop. But that's what normal games are for right? Knowing when to initiate, or when a person has made a mistake in positioning is crucial in winning lane and teamfights. On the flip side, knowing when a person is trying to bait is also important. If someone decides to suddenly play aggressive after 4 minutes of passive farming, either they just evolved or you're about to get ganked, and this isn't Pokémon.
Am I able to recognize when an objective is essentially “free”? Am I able to make that call? This is also hard to put in concrete terms and even harder to execute in-game. But if you know for a fact that there's 5 bots chasing a Garen that was split-pushing the entire game, and 3 of you were top and your mid laner was farming, and that Baron was cleared with oracles 45 seconds before, that objective is what I like to call: “free.” Take it and snowball the game. You have to be able to make the call. You can't expect your Jungler to be on point. This is the same with dragons and rotating for towers.
You also have to be able to recognize what's a horrendous call. If your team wasn't really ahead, all 5 of the enemy are alive, 4 of which you don't see on the map and Baron is warded when your team doesn't have oracles or a pink ward, and your Jungler is pinging to go ham on Baron, tell your team to fall back and explain why it may not be such a good idea. If the Jungler dies alone at Baron because they were so stubborn, at least it's only one person and not the entire team. If all four of your team members go and you can't persuade them otherwise, then follow them and tell them to fight instead of continuing to do Baron.
In some cases calls become very hard to make, there's no doubt about that. Maybe Baron was low enough to be bursted down before the enemy could react… but honestly in your placements all you need to really consider are the extreme cases. Don't be a sheep; it's not going to help you. You have to shepherd the other 4.
Baron Nashor – King of throws, both in Solo Queue and International games alike
Game Mindset
Your frame of mind when approaching the game is a separate process than actually playing the game. It doesn't require any game sense or mechanics, and in fact, there are many people that have reached high ranks with mediocre mechanics, but have solid game sense and a great mindset.
Am I able to be calm and relaxed entering a ranked game, but still slightly alert? It's good to be relaxed. Don't be nervous! Ranked anxiety may be a huge factor, and a great article (click here!) written by Jeff Bigg on Day9.tv explains why you may feel ranked anxiety and proposes some solutions.
At the end of the day, it's just a game. If you lose, you lose. You don't lose any money, your girlfriend won't leave you – it's just a game. You play because you like competition/you want the rewards/you want to have fun! If you can't reach whatever your goal is, there's always next season, when you have improved. Don't stress yourself out.
The alertness part is for jungle invasions. You should always try to go sit in a random bush in your jungle as a lookout. I've noticed there's been a decrease in jungle invasions in most of my games, primarily due to strong invaders like Blitzcrank often being permanently banned. That doesn't mean that it won't happen, so be prepared to run if they come, or fight if your team has already decided to make a stand.
Can I filter out the abuse? Can I press the mute button when necessary? This is preaching to the choir, and may be one of the hardest things to do, but it's an exhaustive checklist… so… try to be the bigger person every time. If you're getting blamed and yelled at, the best option is to either filter it out completely, or if it's affecting you, mute them. The button exists for a reason. Don't hesitate.
to be the bigger person every time. If you're getting blamed and yelled at, the best option is to either filter it out completely, or if it's affecting you, them. The button exists for a reason. Don't hesitate.
If this person is in your game after you muted them and is on a keyboard rampage again, you have to type /ignore [player] in the chatbox. (Don't quote me on this one, I just saw this somewhere, don't quite remember where)
Can I avoid the urge to blame my teammates? It's very easy to blame a loss on a team member. Maybe that team member has effectively ruined your chance of winning the game, disconnecting, and feeding by walking into their fountain 40 times, whatever. However, it's more likely to happen on the opposing team than yours. Don't get too fixated on this loss, because in the grand scheme of things, you're also going to win games because of it as well. It's anti-fun and sucks, but know that it happens to everyone playing the game.
Also try to resist the urge to ask the “why …?” questions. If it was something that might in the short term benefit you, try saying something like “Can you try to do […] next time?” You also won't be able to teach anyone during a ranked game, so don't. Focus on your game, chances are you're not in Challenger, so you're not going to ever see them in a ranked game ever again, so don't waste your time typing and play at your best instead.
Can I accept a loss?
League of Legends is a game that's impossible to win every single time. And when you do lose, be able to accept the fact that you lost, that the other team played better than your team, and move on!
Tech Specs + Stuff to do before the game
Too often I've lost a game because I forgot to check my ping before a game, and bam, someone starts downloading HD pornography on the shared network and I'm sitting in fountain, crying silently. Since these first few placements are extra important…
Is my ping stable? Do I know if it will remain stable for the length of the entire game? Check your ping before you start a game. You can use 3rd party programs to simplify the process, just look for League of Legends ping checker (LoLPing works well, click here!).
Do I have any automatic updates on? Do I have any programs that might unexpectedly shut down my computer? This happens. Make sure you have no automated updates waiting to restart your computer, and make sure you don't have a shutdown timer up.
Am I playing in a good mood and not under the influence of any drugs or alcohol? You're not doing your MMR any favors by playing while under the influence. If you're that rare exception where your senses are heightened while high, make sure you can put that into practice first before trying it out in ranked queue.
Similarly, don't play the game when something traumatic or frustrating has happened to you. It will spill over into the game and will make you more toxic as a player.
Granted this is also really hard to follow because you want to escape/already too under to care, so I'm just going to put this here because list.
Do I have enough time to play an entire ranked game? The 1-hour rule I find works pretty well. You can find a description of it by clicking here.
Post-game
After every game, try to take a little time and think about that game. Did you win? How? Did you lose? Why? Did you make any mistakes?
Am I able to recognize the mistakes I made that game? Am I able to remedy said mistakes? It won't do you any good to make the same mistake 4 games in a row. Maybe you were playing Varus, and improperly used your skills such that you didn't take advantage of your passive and the opposing Twitch was able to live multiple times. Try to always be aware of what happened such that the expected outcome, a dead Twitch, did not happen.
In the same vein, if you died to a Jarvan IV gank from the brush 4 times, something tells me you should probably pick up a ward and make sure that darn side brush is warded (you, yes you, not necessarily your support). If they deny you the vision, then maybe it's time to play passive or call your own Jungler for some help.
The one thing to take away from after a game is to ask questions to yourself and see if you can come up with the answers, but again – don't attribute all of the blame to your team members. Think about what impact you had on the game, and come up with a list of things that you proactively did that your team managed to benefit from, and then come up with a counter to that list – that is, all the things you did that affected the game negatively for your team. Don't cut yourself extra slack if you want to improve. Once you manage to have a much longer list of positives than negatives, you definitely know that you have improved.
That about wraps it up from me! Know that I'm not a professional player so of course take all advice with a grain of salt, but I tried to be as generic as possible. Feel free to discuss any general prerequisite or “things you wish people on your team knew but didn't” before entering ranked! I know we've all been there.
And of course, best of luck to you, fellow Solo Queue player, and may the odds ever be in your favor.
Popular radio show cancelled deal with distributor in March, though Ira Glass claims new model will have no impact on fans
This American Life will independently distribute its content to more than 500 public radio stations, the organization announced on Wednesday.
This American Life cancelled its distribution deal with Public Radio International (PRI) in March, after working with the company since 1997. The show's distribution will now be handled by Public Radio Exchange, although This American Life will take over marketing and underwriting of the show.
“What's this mean to you? Nothing!” the show's host Ira Glass said in a statement. “This American Life will remain on the same radio stations at the same times.”
Starting on 1 July, Chicago Public Media will use PRX to deliver the show to radio stations. More than 2.2 million people listen to show on the radio, weekly, and it is regularly the most popular podcast on iTunes in the US.
“Radio – and the technology of moving audio over the internet – has changed so much that at this point, there's little a distributor can do for us that we can't do on our own,” Glass said.
This American Life has worked with PRX to distribute the program on iTunes and mobile apps. With this deal, PRX might be able to compete with the three biggest US public radio distributors – PRI, American Public Media, and NPR.
“What they're about is the democratization of public radio,” Glass said. “Making it easy for you or any newcomer to get their work into the hands of program directors. I admire that.”
Glass said that he heard bids from several radio distributors following the announcement that This American Life was dropping its deal with PRI. He also received offers to leave public radio for satellite radio, which he declined. “For better or worse, I seem to be a public radio lifer,” Glass said.
• Ira Glass: 'The first time I took ecstasy, my anxiety lifted away'
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The luxury sedan of the future will be hydrogen powered and look something like a fish—at least according to Toyota. The company's latest concept car for the Tokyo auto show is called the Fine-Comfort Ride and is meant to preview a premium sedan that is at once environmentally friendly and spacious, with plush seating for six. Toyota also claims that the car's packaging, being purpose built to accommodate hydrogen fuel cells, allows for a driving range of more than 600 miles.
The Fine-Comfort Ride's bizarre, futuristic design is dictated by its long, 135.8-inch wheelbase and unconventionally shaped body, which is meant to maximize aerodynamics and interior space. The four wheels are pushed out to the corners and incorporate in-wheel electric motors, while an underbelly cover helps isolate the cabin acoustically. Toyota isn't providing any other details about the powertrain at this point, other than a claim that the hydrogen fuel cells can be refueled in around three minutes.
The Fine-Comfort Ride's interior is typical concept-car fare, with fanciful materials and an impossibly open and airy atmosphere. Four individual seats appear to be able to swivel and adjust every which way, while a third-row bench seat expands seating capacity to six. All sorts of touch displays look appropriately spaceship-like, as does the unconventional-looking steering wheel that's more like a joystick.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Rather than being any sort of near-production vehicle, the Fine-Comfort Ride instead seems like a way for Toyota to set goals for the future. This concept's driving range of 620 miles would be a big step forward compared with Toyota's current production fuel-cell vehicle, the Mirai, which has an estimated range of 312 miles on a single tank of hydrogen. We'll see how quickly Toyota can make progress toward these ambitions as it continues exploring various alternative-fuel technologies.
Did you know that there are over 45 000 km of trans-border bike routes in Europe. Here is more - there are another 25 000 km in development so hopefully by 2020 there will be more than 70 000 km of bike dedicated routes in Europe — that is almost twice the length of the equator. Boom! It is a good time to start biking trans-nationally, here is why.
EuroVelo is a network of 15 long distance cycle routes connecting and uniting the whole European continent. The routes can be used by cycle tourists as well as by local people making daily journeys.
Some of the routes are suitable for first timers in the long-distance, self-supported tours. For example — the most complete route to date, with full signposting between France and Serbia, and with detailed mapping available throughout, EuroVelo 6 — from the Atlantic to the Black Sea is the perfect choice for a first long-distance tour. Passing through 10 countries over its 4,448 km (2,764 mile) length, the route follows three of Europe's major rivers — the Loire, the Rhine and the Danube. This naturally flat topography, combined with the highest quality cycling infrastructure ensures a safe and pleasant ride. Easy-peasy!
Many EuroVelo routes incorporate a historical theme — EuroVelo routes 3 and 5 follow ancient pilgrims' trails and EuroVelo 2 links some of Europe's great capital cities. For the most poignant reminder of Europe's recent history we recommend following EuroVelo 13 — the Iron Curtain Trail, along the border which divided the continent between East and West for half a century. EuroVelo 13 is also the longest trans-Europe route, at 10,400 km (6,462 miles). Keep it fit — both mentally and physically!
To say this is overdue is an understatement. Noisey is amped out of our minds to present the first ever Yung Lean show in North America, and it's taking place right here in the goddamn United States. You hear that freedom? That's the Sad Boy movement. They're here and ready to give Uncle Sam a bucket hat. The show will happen on July 9 in the Marlin Room of New York City's Webster Hall. You can cop your tickets here and below watch the video for "Kyoto," which involves riding ATVs, driving boats, and holding badass swords. Don't forget: "the best thing about music is that it's invisible."
Yung Lean Doer Is the Weirdest 16-Year-Old White Swedish Rapper You'll Hear This Week
Yung Lean Is Going to Do Bucket Hats Like Mac Miller Did the Snapback
David Beckham made 394 United appearances under Sir Alex Ferguson before he was sold to Real Madrid in 2003
Former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson will manage a Great Britain and Ireland XI captained by David Beckham in a charity match next month.
The team will take on a World XI captained by France legend Zinedine Zidane at Old Trafford on 14 November.
Former Chelsea, Real Madrid and AC Milan boss Carlo Ancelotti will manage the World XI, while Italian Pierluigi Collina will referee the match.
Money raised from ticket sales will be donated to children's charity Unicef.
Ferguson, 73, retired in 2013, having won 38 trophies during 26 years in charge at Old Trafford.
Former England captain Beckham made 394 appearances over an 11-year period for United under Ferguson before he was sold to Real Madrid in 2003, four months after the Scot accidentally kicked a boot that struck the ex-Old Trafford midfielder above the left eye.
Ferguson was also critical of his Beckham in his autobiography, but Beckham told BBC Radio 1's Nick Grimshaw that he had personally called the Scot to ask him to take part.
"Everyone knows I retired three years ago and I never thought I'd be getting my boots out again and playing," said Beckham. "Football is such a powerful tool and to have Zidane on the field, Sir Alex Ferguson and Carlo Ancelotti in the stands, I think people are going to love it."
The 40-year-old, a Unicef ambassador, added: "This match gives me the perfect opportunity to raise awareness and vital funds to help reach the children who need it most."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
?Mitt Romney, his campaign, and Bain Capital, the private equity firm he founded, keep insisting that Romney departed the company in February 1999 and had nothing to do with its operations and deals once he headed to Salt Lake City to take over the troubled Winter Olympics. Romney even signed a federal financial disclosure form, under the penalty of perjury, declaring that he had not been involved “in any way” with Bain after he left for Utah. Yet evidence has emerged that undermines this claim and that suggests Romney may have made a false statement on this disclosure form (which would be a potential felony punishable by a $50,000 fine and up to a year in jail). Now there's another indication that Romney's break with Bain wasn't so clean—and this is according to Romney himself.
Last week, the Huffington Post reported that Romney, in sworn testimony during a 2002 Massachusetts hearing to determine if he met the residency requirement to run for governor, declared that he had remained on the board of a company in which Bain was an investor. This scoop received much attention. Still, the Romney camp did not directly respond to it, and in interviews with the major television networks on Friday, Romney insisted, as he told ABC News' Jonathan Karl, that he had “no role with regards to Bain Capital after February 1999.” He maintained that all the questions regarding his stint at Bain were merely part of the Obama campaign's “kill Romney” strategy.
Yet during that 2002 hearing—in a remark that has not been previously reported—Romney said that after he departed Bain in February 1999 he went through a transition period regarding his work in Boston.
When a lawyer challenging his eligibility asked Romney, “Did you remain more or less continuously in Salt Lake City from February '99 to the end of the year,” Romney answered:
Actually, there was some transition away from my work in Boston for the first few months and then I pretty much stayed thereafter.
Trying to clarify this, the lawyer, after referring to this “transition,” asked, “So from February through the end of the year you were pretty much full-time out in Utah, right?”
Romney replied: “Well again, the beginning of the year was a good deal of time back and forth, but towards the last half of the year it was pretty much exclusively in Utah.”
With these statements, it seems Romney was saying that because he remained involved in Bain matters during a transition period, he traveled to and from Massachusetts for several months. The problem for Romney is, he's now insisting—and he signed a federal form declaring—he had no participation in Bain (besides owning the company and its various entities) once he headed to Utah. During this current controversy over his role at Bain, he has not said anything about a transition period.
Asked to comment on this portion of Romney's 2002 testimony, his campaign forwarded a statement it had previously released: “After extensive hearings the bipartisan [Massachusetts] Ballot Law Commission came to the same conclusion as numerous independent fact checkers in finding that Mitt Romney ended his active employment with Bain Capital in 1999.” But the Ballot Commission was not tasked with investigating the matter of Romney's separation from Bain; it was not a major part of the hearing. A Romney campaign aide speaking on background notes, “Think about the 2002 Ballot Law Commission testimony that you're citing. Mitt Romney was trying to prove his residency in Massachusetts. If he were running Bain Capital while he was in Salt Lake City running the Olympics, wouldn't it have been easier for him to say so and thus easily prove his residency?” But the issue is not whether he was running Bain after February 1999, but whether he participated at all in any of its activities and transactions.
Romney's mention of a “transition” period for his “work in Boston” is another contradiction for him to explain. Did he testify inaccurately during that hearing—after swearing to tell the truth? Or is he now trying to create a bright line—to distance himself from Bain-related layoffs and outsourcing—that didn't exist? Any transition time for Romney at Bain would undermine his central claim about his last days at the firm.
There may be an easy way for Romney to prove that his current account of his Bain exit is the correct one. During the 2002 hearing, when asked by the lawyer about the amount of time in 1999 he spent in Utah and Massachusetts, he said, “I actually could probably look day by day, if necessary, on calendars.”
Calendars? Might these records indicate whether Romney had any meetings or calls with Bain executives about deals or operations at the firm? An examination of such material might resolve the issue definitively. So perhaps those politicos and pundits who have called on Romney to release previous tax returns—a bipartisan group swelling in numbers—can add another set of records to the list of material the public ought to see: Romney's calendars from 1999, a year that was a crucial turning point in his career and that has become a significant issue in this presidential campaign.
Yesterday night I spoke at the London Ajax Meetup about Multimedia on the web (a repeat of my MIT talk as I wanted a video of it) and “Using HTML5” sensibly.
Especially the second talk was close to my heart as I think it is high time us developers take back HTML5 from the marketing people. HTML5 is the evolution of our web technologies, not another flashy add-on to already badly used outdated practices.
You can find the Slides of the talk on Slideshare:
The audio recording of the talk is also available on archive.org.
The organisers promised that the video of the talks is available soon.
I am also going to write a detailed post on Mozilla once the video is available.
Tags: html5, londonajax, pragmatism, talk
Led Zeppelin – ‘In Through The outdoor' – all 6 sleeve variations…
6 people are in a bar (The Off Beat Lounge) watching a guy burning a ‘Dear John' letter. The sleeves vary by changing the viewpoint from each of the watcher's perspectives. Each of the 6 sleeves is identifiable by a letter code (A-F) at the top of the spine.
The Watchers:
Fat guy in the doorway
Blondie next to the bar
Barman
Black woman laughing at the end of the bar
Piano player
Brunette woman next to the jukebox
‘A' SLEEVE
The front of sleeve A is shown from the fat guy at the door. The back is the black woman laughing. Brunette by the jukebox is the only watcher not visible in this combination.
‘B' SLEEVE
The front of sleeve B is shown from Blondie's viewpoint, the back is from the piano player's. All 6 watchers can be seen in this combination.
‘C' SLEEVE
The front of sleeve C is now the barman's perspective (we are moving clockwise around the bar…), and the back is Brunette by the jukebox. Only 3 watchers are visible in this combination.
‘D' SLEEVE
The front of sleeve D is from black woman laughing, the back is from fat guy at the door (which should therefore look the same as the front of sleeve A…). Again, as per sleeve A, Brunette by the jukebox cannot be seen.
‘E' SLEEVE
The front of sleeve E is now from the piano player's view, whilst the back is from Blondie's viewpoint (so in theory the same as the front of sleeve B…). All 6 watchers are visible.
‘F' SLEEVE
The front of F has now moved round to Brunette by the jukebox and the back has once again come round to being the barman's view (which should be the same as the front of C…). Just 3 watchers in this combination.
A fascinating concept! There are some slight ‘continuity errors' if we were being ultra picky; e.g. in the C front cover, the letter is already alight, whilst the back of F, the letter is unburned and still has the cigaretter lighter just below it about to set fire to it, and a few of the watchers' poses are slightly different when you compare…but I suppose it proves that none of the shots were re-used and that a separate image was taken for all 12 fronts and backs.
AP Photo Obama 'troubled' by Turkish leader's crackdowns
President Barack Obama says he's troubled by the direction Turkey's leader is taking his country, especially when it comes to freedom of the press. He also is warning Iran to avoid "provocative" actions such as ballistic missile tests if it wants to benefit from sanctions relief offered under the nuclear deal it reached with world powers last year.
In a news conference at the end of the Nuclear Security Summit on Friday, Obama was asked whether he thought Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was an authoritarian. The question came after Erdoğan's bodyguards scuffled with reporters and protesters outside a D.C. think tank Thursday and amid a crackdown on journalists in Turkey.
Story Continued Below
Obama didn't answer the question directly, and he stressed how critical Turkey, a NATO member that borders Syria, is as an ally. But he also said he'd told Erdoğan that "there are some trends within Turkey that I've been troubled with."
"I've said to President Erdoğan to remind him that he came into office with a promise of democracy, and Turkey has historically been a country in which deep Islamic faith has lived side by side with modernity and an increasing openness," Obama said. "And that's the legacy that he should pursue rather than a strategy that involves repression of information and shutting down democratic debate."
The comments, however cautious, were nonetheless striking because U.S. officials generally try to avoid offending Turkey, whose help is considered crucial in battling the Islamic State, the terrorist network that has grabbed parts of Syria and Iraq. That Obama went as far as he did indicate the serious concern within his administration about Erdoğan's autocratic tendencies.
Numerous journalists have been arrested in Turkey in recent months, while the government also took over the popular daily Zaman. Erdoğan insists the arrested journalists are linked to Kurdish and other terrorist groups, and that that is why they are being prosecuted. Some of the reporters are accused of supporting the Gulen movement, which Erdoğan casts as an opposition effort that has infiltrated the government.
"I think that the approach they've been taking toward the press is one that could lead Turkey down a path that would be very troubling," Obama said, while also noting his concerns about freedom of speech and religion in the Muslim country, where hundreds of people have been charged with the crime of "insulting" the president.
Obama also urged Iran not to violate the spirit of the nuclear deal, even if it is technically abiding by it. The comments were aimed at Iran's testing of ballistic missiles. Obama's aides say such tests don't officially violate the nuclear deal struck last July, but that they may run afoul of U.N. resolutions.
Opponents of the nuclear deal, which gave Iran sanctions relief in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program, say that the ballistic missile tests prove that the Islamic Republic cannot be trusted. Concern also is rising in recent days within Iran that it is not getting sanctions relief fast enough, as foreign businesses hesitate to do business there.
Many of those businesses, especially those based in Europe, fear that investing in Iran is too risky because the U.S. still has numerous sanctions on the country. Obama on Friday tried to tie the sanctions relief issue with the ballistic missile dispute in chiding Iran.
"Iran so far has followed the letter of the [nuclear] agreement. But the spirit of the agreement involves Iran also sending signals to the world community and business that it is not going to be engaging in a range of provocative actions that may scare business off," Obama said. "When they launch ballistic missiles, with slogans calling for the destruction of Israel, that makes businesses nervous."
Lop off your fingers, the new "Star Wars" lightsaber will. Know this, every Jedi knight should.
Happily, I can't write this entire column using a Yoda Speak Generator. So in simple Chicagoese, I'll tell you this: My experts insist that if you use that new lightsaber, you'll chop your fingers off.
Yeah, I heard what Stephen Colbert said in defending the new lightsaber. But he's a comedian playing a conservative on TV. I'm a real conservative who knows a thing or two about fictional galaxies.
Chicago will be the home of the George Lucas Museum of What Lucas Thinks is Cool out on the lakefront, and that makes the city the epicenter of "Star Wars" nerd-dom. And now we've been thrust in the middle of the nerdiest controversy of all:
Whether the new fangled lightsaber seen in the trailer for the upcoming "Star Wars VII — The Force Awakens" is dangerous or not.
"It's a fantasy weapon, it doesn't exist," warned Jonathan Tavares, Ph.D., a curator of armor at the Art Institute of Chicago, as if I didn't know.
Tavares studies medieval armor — including war hammers, swords and newly discovered 13th-century combat manuscripts — so he was the perfect fellow to discuss the new "fictional" Jedi lightsaber. He likes the real thing as opposed to the fantasy stuff.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens, opens in theaters December 18, 2015. Star Wars: The Force Awakens, opens in theaters December 18, 2015. SEE MORE VIDEOS
"It's much more dramatic," Tavares said in an interview. "Quicker, more brutal, but without the Hollywood touch. Still, I've given this some thought. My brother is obsessed with 'Star Wars.' He'd laugh if he knew I was talking to you about this."
In the trailer, a dark figure wearing a hooded garment walks silently through the wasteland. Then he flashes the red lightsaber. The color is familiar, but there's something different about it: the cross-guard.
"It's of plasma, meaning it will cut through anything, and chances are that if it were used in the style of a 13th-century sword, it would be problematic for the swordsman," Tavares said.
And just as he said it, I could imagine a sound. Take several pork sausages, chop them in bits and toss them onto the ground. That plunking you hear? That's the sound of a Sith Lord's fingers plopping to the ground, the tips cauterized and cooked in the ends of the glove, the ends of bone sizzling.
"I would say that I would worry about the design, in terms of what would happen to your forearm," said Tavares. "If it were used the way long swords were used in the late Middle Ages, then you might even lose your arm."
The lightsaber in the trailer resembles the German longsword. Knights would use mailed left-handed gloves to grab the blade of an opponent. No glove could protect you from molten plasma.
Jesse Kulla is an instructor with the Chicago Swordplay Guild in Ravenswood, a group of fencers who teach "Game of Thrones" nerds like me and my friend Old School how to properly handle swords in theatrical combat.
"The biggest problem with it is when you're swinging the sword around is you have the tendency to actually touch that part of the sword (the cross-guard)," Kulla said. "And when you make some of those bigger swinging motions with a metal sword and a cross-guard brushes against you, it really doesn't matter … when you're doing some of those fancy moves, that cross-guard is going to come back against the arm of the person using it."
And then that arm flops on the ground, sounding less like pork sausage and more like a sirloin steak.
"The way they swing (lightsabers) around in the previous movies, you would get clipped a lot," Kulla said. "That would be my biggest concern, the burning off of your own fingers and the burning off of your own hand.
"Usually when you get clipped by your own cross, it's about 2 or 3 inches behind your wrist on the forearm is where it would get you — so it'd take the hand right off."
Hear that Mr. Colbert, who only plays a conservative on TV? A lopped-off hand is a stupid thing.
"The biggest complaint about the cross-guard in the trailer is that it really doesn't help protect your hand," said Alain Bloch, head instructor of Golden Gate Knights, a stage combat school in San Francisco.
"The idea is of a cross-guard would be to protect your hand," Bloch said. "This wouldn't."
And your fingers would get lopped off like so many pork sausages?
"You want to avoid mistakes like that if you're a Jedi," he said.
But one of America's top fencers, Jimmy Moody, of Boulder, Colo., who is on his way to Qatar for a tournament, loves the new blade.
Yes, he knows it's pure fantasy.
"But having a lightsaber would be the coolest thing in the world," said Moody, 28. "It is every fencer's dream. Of course, at the end of the competition, you'd only have one contestant left alive at the end of the day."
Moody said that while many fencers might like a lightsaber, the simple fact is that often competitors score points against each other simultaneously.
"So if you had lightsabers, both of you would be gone," Moody said. "And dying 30 seconds after the other guy doesn't really count as a big win in my book."
But if you could have one of the new lightsabers — if they were real — would you want one?
"Who wouldn't?" Moody said. "Who hasn't dreamed of one?"
With you may your fingertips stay.
jskass@tribpub.com
Twitter @John_Kass
6 Wooden Beard Comb Designs With Style
The Wooden Beard Comb
There's something cool about having a stylish wooden beard comb that's hard to put into words. Aside from that obvious satisfying feeling of running it through your beard or the collectible appeal of having yet another elegant men's grooming product in your possession, there's a calming feeling, an almost self-medicating aspect to combing your beard. While everyone else reaches for their iPhone or starts puffing on an ECIG, you can take a relaxing moment and zone out from the chaotic world.
Combing your beard, in the right context, can also be viewed as very sexy. You know, that casual moment you break out your comb and stroke your beard when you know the girl across the pub is checking you out. She's noticing your manly beard and sees that you take the time to groom it. Your high-quality wooden bead comb says a lot about you. You show dedication to your craft. You show you can take excellent care of the things that you're interested in, and you won't settle for crappy products.
You may think I'm laying it on thick, but I'm not. Women – and Men – notice all kinds of things you wouldn't usually think about. Your shoes for example. I remember an old girlfriend told me that she would notice and Man's smile, then look for a wedding ring right before checking to see the condition of a guy's shoes. Her logic was that if he took care of his feet, the part of the body that we all use the most, then he was well-kept and clean. He was a “keeper.” Women care about a man being clean, and for some reason, men have trouble remembering that. A scruffy, unkempt beard is not helping your cause. Sure, it's cool you have a beard, but your Sex appeal goes through the roof if you can present your beard in an impeccable stylish manner.
So what does a beautiful, high-quality wooden beard comb say about you? Does it add a little style to your swagger? – Agreed.
Wooden Beard Comb vs. Metalic Beard Comb
I think one of the biggest misconceptions when deciding on what type of beard comb you should pick is that a wooden beard comb will break. It makes sense that it would, but unless you're buying a piece of crap product, most wooden beard combs are very strong, even difficult to snap in half if you tried. If you're like most guys and want to put the comb in your back pocket, you shouldn't be thinking about the material; you should be thinking about the size of the comb. Ideally, if you're a back pocket comb guy, you want to keep your comb to something less than 6 inches, otherwise, when you sit down the comb will get in your way and force you to have to move it to another pocket.
6 Recommended Wooden Beard Combs
The following are five killer beard combs I'd like to share with you. This list is just a list of wooden beard combs, we do plan on having a complete review page up soon with more options, and an article for metal combs, but for now, these are my favorite wooden combs.
Beardoholic Wooden Beard Comb
This pocket-friendly wooden beard comb is designed in a very straightforward traditional manner. A great high-quality beard comb with excellent reviews on Amazon. This wooden beard comb is priced accordingly, but not considered cheap in any away. It's 100% wood, with excellent grip, easy control, and a nice feel. This model is 5.3 inches (13.5 cm) and does a great job with frizzy beard hair.
Personally, I really like the color of this comb. It has a nice dark finish, not too bright, reminds me of a modern home with nice hardwood floors.
Zeus Organic Sandalwood Double-Sided Beard Comb
This organic beard comb is a fine example of beauty in design. The Zeus Organic Sandalwood Double-Sided Beard Comb is one o Beard Manly's favorite combs. At first glance, it's easy to see your run-of-the-mill grooming tool with two sides with different teeth widths. But, upon taking a closer look, it's even easier to see the detail. A smooth, hand-polished body accentuates the natural wood grain that runs through the comb. In your hand, you feel a perfect balance of heft and lightness. And, beneath your nose, a calming woodsy fragrance is emitted from the natural sandalwood. The Zeus Organic Sandalwood Double-Sided Beard Comb shapes up to be one of our most beautiful products to date. Includes a genuine leather sheath.
Huntsman Hair and Beard Comb
A friend of mine swears by this beard comb; he loves it. I had one a year ago and really liked the design as well. The color is a little bright for my taste, but overall this is an exquisite model. The Huntsman Beard Comb is very lightweight, although I can't find any details on what it's exactly made of, I am sure it's a particular type of wood. This wooden beard comb is perfect for your favorite balms and oils; makes application a breeze and keeps things clean. It has a stunning finish. Branding is subtle and classy with it being etched into the wood. Doesn't tug on hair and is very smooth to use.
EQLEF Sandalwood Beard Comb
This beard comb is made from 100% green sandalwood. This double-sided comb gives you options, with one side in standard teeth, the another is fine teeth. Due to the nature of real green sandalwood, the color can vary, some are yellow, some are dark, and it changes color under Sun exposure. This comb is a very interesting product. It is unique and high quality. The comb is not very big (3 1/2″ x 2″), which is almost the size of a credit card, perfect for those looking for something a little smaller.
Rocky Mountain Barber Company: Natural Organic Sandal Wood Bead Comb
This wooden beard comb is very similar to the previous model in design but is made from different ingredients. The Rocky Mountain Barber Company has made this comb with a smoked wooden smell, like your Grandfathers workshop with a brisk smell of smoked sandalwood that radiates. This comb is pocket-sized: 3.8 x 2.4 x 0.2 inches ; 1.1 ounces. High-quality packaging. After a few days, you really start to notice the subtle smell of sandalwood resonating from the comb and can subtly smell it on your beard and hair. Very popular beard comb and worth the extra couple bucks.
Xuanli® Natural SandalWood Comb
This comb is very different than the others in this article, although much like the EQLEF model, it is made of 100% green sandalwood. Most reviews on Amazon seem to use this comb for not only their beard, but for their hair as well. The handle designs seem to vary, much like the color of the comb as well. Again, the green sandalwood changes colors often. Overall this comb has great quality, it has a nice weight (3 ounces), and works great on all beard thickness types. Fits well in your hand well, standard brush length size and is definitely worth the money. For me, this beard comb says at home. It's an around the house comb, but I wouldn't argue with someone that wanted to make this a pocket comb.
More Awesome Beard Combs!
Thanks for reading!
In the past century or so, football helmets have come a long way, evolving from crude “leatherheads” crafted by shoemakers to plastic-and-rubber hybrids that can be customized to fit a player's head and have radios built in.
Nevertheless, the sport currently faces a serious and growing problem: brain injuries. Studies have shown that former NFL players are about three times more likely to die from Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and Lou Gehrig's diseases as the general population, a result of the alarming number of concussions they experience over the course of their careers. The NFL has responded by changing its rules to minimize head impacts, instituting stricter guidelines for concussed players returning to games and pouring money into attempts to develop safer helmets.
But some critics argue that, no matter how much research we undertake, there's simply no way to create a concussion-proof helmet—no technology can stop a fundamentally violent game from inflicting harm. A 2011 study, in fact, found that with many types of impacts, modern helmets were no better than vintage leather ones at protecting players' heads.
But now, fans who find their desire for a safe game at odds with their love of it can take comfort in a new study, published today in the Journal of Neurosurgery, that determines otherwise: Compared to “leatherheads,” new helmets are indeed much more effective at protecting the human head. Researchers from Virginia Tech came to the finding by using an automated head impact simulation system to test the effectiveness of a pair of vintage Hutch H-18 leather helmets from the 1930s against 10 plastic helmets currently in use, and found that, depending on the force of impact, modern helmets reduced the concussion risk by anywhere from 45 to 96 percent.
The team used the system to measure four different types of head impacts (on the front, side, rear and top of the head), and dropped the head from a range of heights (12, 24, 36, 48 and 60 inches) with each helmet on to simulate in-game impacts of a variety of intensities. Sensors inside the head were used to measure the force of each type of impact. This same type of testing, developed by the Virginia Tech team, has been used extensively to classify the safety of modern helmets on a 1 through 5-star scale.
The researchers found that there was some difference in the performance of the modern helmets—but, as you'd probably expect just from looking at them, the vintage leather helmets performed significantly more poorly than any of the plastic ones. At the lowest intensity impacts (from a 12 inch drop height), the modern helmets reduced the impact on the head by by 59 to 63 percent, and at the medium-intensity impacts (from 36 inches), they provided a 67 to 73 percent reduction. The researchers didn't even try dropping the head with the leather helmets on from 48 or 60 inches for fear of damaging them.
At the same time, it's worth noting that the vintage helmets tested were each about 80 years old, so their age might have meant weaker leather fibers than if pristine leatherheads had been tested. Additionally, the leather helmets had presumably taken some beating during their years of use, while the plastic ones were unused before being subjected to the drops, which might have further skewed the results.
Still, both these factors were also included in the previous 2011 finding that leather helmets were just as effective as modern ones—so what accounts for the fact that this experiment so thoroughly contradicted it? The authors of this study say that the experimental setup used in the previous one—in which two helmeted heads were smashed together, one with a modern helmet and the other with either a modern or leather one—distorted the findings and masked the differences between helmet types. Some of the impact, they say, was actually absorbed by the padding in the modern plastic helmet even when the leather one was being tested.
Of course, given the distressing numbers on the concussions suffered by football players even with the latest helmets, this sort of testing shouldn't suggest that the goal of designing safer headgear has been achieved. But it should give us a bit of hope in showing that 100 years of helmet design has provided some benefits—and future efforts to create and rigorously test new helmet technologies might be able to cut down on concussions long-term.
Gilad Atzmon
Jewish history is a chain of disasters: inquisitions, holocausts and pogroms. Time after time, throughout their history, Jews find themselves discriminated against, persecuted and expelled and, to most Jews, this continuum of tragedy is largely a mystery. Yet one would expect that Jews, clever people for sure, would peer into their past, understand it and take whatever measures necessary to change their fate.
I was born and raised in Israel and it was many years before I realised that Israel was Palestine. When I was a young Israeli boy, the Holocaust and Jewish suffering were somehow foreign to me and my peers. It was the history of a different people, namely the diaspora Jews and we young Israelis didn't much like their Jewish past. We didn't want to associate ourselves with those people, so hated by so many, so often and in so many different places. Erasing two thousand years of imaginary ‘exile', we saw ourselves as the sons and daughters of our Biblical ‘ancestors.' We were proud youngsters and we were disgusted by victimhood.
So Jewish suffering has, in many ways, been a riddle to me. But yesterday, at the London School of Economics (LSE), I witnessed a spectacle of Jewish bad behaviour, so incredible, that much that hitherto had been unclear, suddenly became all too clear.
Yesterday, at a talk given by one of the greatest humanists of our generation, Professor. Richard Falk, it took Israel-advocate Jonathan Hoffman just sixty minutes of intensive hooliganism to cause him to be ejected from the hall. As Hoffman and his associate were thrown out of the building, the entire room expressed their feelings by shouting “Out, out, out”
Hoffman wasn't just a run-of-the-mill thug. Waving his Jewish nationalist symbols, he was acting openly as a Jewish-ethnic activist. Later I learned that he is associated with many Jewish and Zionist institutions: BOD, Zionist Federation and so on.
Behaving as he did with total disrespect to an academic institution, did Hoffman think that the LSE was some kind of yeshiva or perhaps just his local synagogue? I guess not. My guess is he just assumed that, like so many spaces in our country today, the LSE was simply ‘occupied'. It seems that merely the presence in a room of just one Zionist is enough to transform that room into occupied territory.
Never in my life have I seen an entire room so united in its outrage and if anyone within the Jewish community believes that hooliganism a la Hoffman & co is going to make Jews popular, they are wrong. Judging by the reaction I witnessed in the LSE yesterday, there is now total fatigue with Zionist thought control, book burning and brutality.
But I would also like to use this opportunity to issue a sincere apology. In Falk's book launch yesterday, I suggested to a Palestinian supporter that, rather than reading Jewish historian David Cesarani on the Holocaust, he may like to give David Irving a try. Some Jewish students were outraged by my comment so I would like here to correct my statement, to make it more inclusive and categorical. Don't just read David Irving. If you genuinely want to understand the world around you, make sure you hear every voice these people want to suppress and read every text these people try to burn.
If they want to burn it, you want to read it!
Once you've read it, you decide whether the text should make it to your bookshelves - or to the pyre.
So to Jewish thought-controllers and book burners, both Zionist and ‘anti': You have clearly launched a war against academic freedom. You are engaged in thought-control and book burning. You have begun a fight with core Western values: openness, scholarship, tolerance. All those things associated, not with Jerusalem, but with Athens. I have no doubt that in this war you may win some battles, you may manage to cancel a talk here and there, you may even manage to burn a book or two. But you will lose the war. Freedom will prevail, for the yearning for freedom is engraved in the human soul.
I urge Jews and Jewish institutions to consider carefully whether their behaviour really serves Jewish interests. As the author of the most read book on Jewish identity politics, I can see in the making, a disaster.
Beware.
As we continue to look at various match ups nearing the start of the Washington Wizards training camp at the end of this month, I think it's safe to say that the battle of the small forwards will provide the most amount of intrigue.
Over the past several years, after taking John Wall first overall in 2010, the Wizards never really had a small forward on their roster who was capable of holding down the starting position. They went through several forwards during the course of a few seasons, until they finally landed a starting caliber small forward, Trevor Ariza, via a trade with the then-New Orleans Hornets. Of course, Washington dealt with a few injuries, most notably John Wall's stress injury, which hindered Ariza's ability to live up to expectations. Since then, Martell Webster has claimed the starting spot and has revitalized his career in the nation's capital.
The Wizards also selected Georgetown's Otto Porter Jr. with the third overall pick in this years draft, making him an instant contender for Washington's starting small forward spot. With all that said, I think it's safe to say that the Wizards have more than a few options when it comes to small forward. Martell Webster took Ariza's starting spot last season after displaying his unheralded ability to shoot from the perimeter. Webster provides the scoring the Wizards desperately need, but Trevor Ariza would probably contribute more on the defensive side of the floor. Ariza, who didn't play all that well without John Wall on the floor, increased his shooting percentages exponentially once the third year guard returned to the Wizards' lineup. Since both guys are capable of scoring, defending, and playing the required role, the Wizards will likely look to utilize their versatility in plenty of ways this upcoming season.
Webster, who's primary position is small forward, could also play the two spot since the Wizards consider the positions interchangeable. Ariza could probably also play shooting guard, but since he's played small forward throughout his 9 year career, I'd like to think the Wizards would continue to build upon that role. Besides, the Wizards experimented with Otto Porter during the summer league, and we all know how well that turned out. In theory, you'd like to have players who could consistently knock down perimeter shots play the two spot, especially since the Wizards don't have a ton of shooting options.
Wizard head coach, Randy Wittman, on Otto Porter and interchangeable positions: I think he's going to be a versatile player who's able to do different things. People get caught up, which is kind of funny, in the two (shooting guard) and the three (small forward) position. I wish they'd get rid of numbers to be honest with you. The way we play in my system, there's no difference, two/three, three/two.
via CSN Washington
Regardless of the respective players' versatility, someone has to separate themselves from the group during training camp and pre-season. Despite the position supposedly being interchangeable, I think the Wizards want to maintain continuity at the open spot. All three players (Ariza, Webster, Porter) could probably embrace the role of the “3-and-D” wing, since all three guys are capable of playing that style in Washington's offense.
Personally, unless something unexpected happens, I expect Martell Webster to remain Washington's starting small forward. The league's worst offensive team needs someone who could consistently provide a scoring threat, and I think Webster has showed that in Washington this past season. Ariza probably provides the biggest threat to Webster's spot, since Porter isn't ready to take on a great role on a playoff-bound Wizards team.
Having three players that are capable of starting isn't necessarily a bad problem to have. Washington has to find a way to get minutes on the floor for all three guys, since all of them have tools to contribute a considerable amount this season. Let's not forget that Trevor Ariza is probably the most “tradeable” guy on the roster, especially since he's entering the last year of his contract. We'll definitely keep you updated on the match up throughout training camp.
Who do you expect to win the battle of the small forwards? Give me your thoughts and suggestions in the comment section.
Rich Labriola, owner of Stan's Donuts at 1560 N. Damen Ave. in Wicker Park. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Alisa Hauser
LAKEVIEW — Just one month after Stan's Donuts opened its first Lakeview location, the company has set its sights on a fifth storefront farther north.
Stan's Donuts and Coffee will replace a shuttered Caribou Coffee at 3300 N. Broadway, Ald. Tom Tunney's (44th) office confirmed Monday night.
The location at Broadway and Aldine will be the company's second in Lakeview, after the first opened in October at 2800 N. Clark St.
Stan's Donuts first opened in Chicago in January 2014 as a partnership between Rich Labriola and Stan Berman, owner of the Los Angeles-based Stan's Donuts. The Wicker Park location was followed by a Streeterville shop that opened one year ago, and a Loop store is also in the works.
Early preparations have already begun at the North Broadway storefront, said Maureen Martino, executive director of the Lakeview East Chamber of Commerce.
The popular doughnut shop will be steps away from The Nettelhorst School and near Windy City Sweets and The Coffee and Tea Exchange.
No opening date has been announced.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Image caption Dieter Krombach said he gave the girl an iron injection
A French court has sentenced a retired German doctor to 15 years in prison for unintentionally killing his 14-year-old stepdaughter Kalinka nearly 30 years ago in Germany.
Dieter Krombach, 76, was cleared by a German court of killing the girl.
But he was later convicted in France in 1995 in his absence.
In 2009, he was abducted and left near a French court with a head injury. The girl's biological father, Andre Bamberski, is accused of his kidnap.
Long campaign
Kalinka Bamberski died in July 1982 in Lindau in Bavaria where she had been spending her summer holiday with her mother and stepfather.
According to Krombach, a cardiologist, he had given her an iron injection, apparently to help improve her suntan.
The case has divided French and German investigators.
German prosecutors dropped the case against him, deciding the death was accidental.
But, after Kalinka's body was exhumed and a post mortem examination carried out, a French court convicted him in his absence of manslaughter.
Six years later, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that the cardiologist had been denied a fair hearing and the right to an appeal.
In the latest trial in Paris, Krombach was found guilty of drugging his stepdaughter and causing her to die of suffocation.
The court said he was guilty of "wilful violence leading to death without intent".
Image caption Kalinka died in Bavaria in July 1982
Mr Bamberski welcomed the verdict, saying :"Of course my first thought is for Kalinka. What I promised her, what I wanted was a complete and fair trial. Now that goal has been reached.
"Justice has been done in her memory and I will be able to mourn for her."
In a final plea, Krombach said: "I never hurt Kalinka."
Yves Levano, an attorney for Krombach, said an appeal against what he called this "unacceptable" decision would be filed immediately.
Krombach's conviction marks the culmination of a long campaign for justice by Mr Bamberski, who says the former doctor gave Kalinka a dangerous injection so he could rape her.
Krombach has a previous conviction in Germany, from 1997 - for drugging and raping a 16-year-old girl.
Mr Bamberski, convinced of Krombach's guilt, has pursued him ever since his daughter's death.
In October 2009, Krombach was found, his head bleeding and his hands and feet bound, outside the prosecutor's office in Mulhouse, close to the German border.
Mr Bamberski has since been accused of the abduction.
"Many people, my father in particular, have always told me to drop the case and live normally. But personally, if I had dropped it, I don't think I could have lived a normal life," he told the France Info radio station.
Mr Bamberski, a retired accountant aged 73, told the BBC last year that he had consented to the stepfather's abduction although he had not carried it out himself.
He said the authorities in Germany as well as in France had hoped the case would be "conveniently forgotten".
Correction 25 October, 2011: This story has been amended since it was first published, to mention Krombach's previous conviction
QAMISHLO, Syrian Kurdistan (Kurdistan24) – Syrian Kurdish military officials on Friday revealed a new federal army would be announced in the future for protecting the federal region in northern Syria (Rojava).
As Syrian Kurds approach the announcement of an autonomous region under the name “Democratic Federal System for Rojava - Northern Syria,” official preparations are held for the construction of an army based on the People's Protection Units (YPG) and Women Protection Units (YPJ).
On the second anniversary of the founding of the Syrian Kurdish Autonomous Protection Forces in northern Syria, Martyr Ahmed Bader Military Academy in the outskirts of Qamishlo organized a military parade.
Rezan Gilo, co-head of Defense Authority in Jazira canton, emphasized all armed forces in Rojava would unite as one army under the umbrella of the new federal system.
Jazira canton is one of the three Kurdish-ruled autonomous areas in northern Syria.
Jazira, Kobani, and Afrin cantons make up the Kurdish region in northern Syria called Rojava.
“The Army of Rojava-Northern Syria will be officially announced very soon,” Gilo said.
The Defense Authority co-head also pointed out the forces training for the past two years are growing and improving.
“They are becoming stronger day by day, and now they are ready to become the army of Syria's northern areas under the umbrella of one system for the country's north,” he said.
According to some members of the Rojava-Northern Syria Federal System Organizing Council, this new army is meant to defend a Kurdish-brokered federal region across the country's north.
On Nov. 1, 2014, the Autonomous Protection Forces were established in Rojava to defend the residential areas in northern Syria when the YPG and YPJ were fighting on the front lines.
These forces began with about 70 fighters, and now there are estimated to be tens of thousands.
Syria's Kurds have benefited from the chaos of the civil war that broke out in 2011, managing to expand their control across northern parts of the country.
On March 17, Syria's Kurdish-controlled northern regions voted to declare a federal system in a Kurdish-led conference in the town of Rmelan.
A council of 31 members was named and tasked with laying the groundwork, within six months, for the federal region called the “social contract.”
Alec Baldwin wasn't literally carrying his Emmy Award in his hand when he walked on stage for the 43rd season premiere of Saturday Night Live. But he might as well have been given the raucous reception he received from the audience at Studio 8H.
Aidy Bryant's Sarah Huckabee Sanders welcomed Baldwin's Trump back to the Oval Office from his Bedminster golf course where he took a call from San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, who he attacked on Twitter earlier on Saturday.
“Sometimes when you are president, you have to make sacrifices, so I skipped the back nine,” Trump said. As Mayor Cruz begged for his help, the president told her she “should have paid” her bills if she wanted FEMA to help her in a timely fashion. “Ma'am, I don't know if you know this, but you're on an island in the water, the ocean water. Big ocean, with fishies and bubbles and turtles that bite. We want to help you, but we have to take care of America first.”
When the mayor reminded him that Puerto Rico is an American territory, Trump assured her that he totally knew that.
The sketch also touched on Trump's NFL controversy and the press secretary's struggles to defend her boss. “I like you, Sarah, you are a straight shooter,” Trump said. “That's why you outlasted Sean Spicer, Scaramucci, Bannon, Priebus, Gorka, Flynn, Yates, and Tom Price.”
“Thank you, sir, I think it's because folks listen to me because I'm no nonsense but I'm all nonsense,” Sanders replied. “I'm a little embarrassed that I said it is a ‘black and white' issue. I should have said it's a black versus white issue.”
The president said he actually loves football and thinks he could have been a player in the league. “People say I remind them of an NFL player because I'm combative, I like to win, and I might have a degenerative brain disease,” he said.
By the end of the sketch, Baldwin was joined by his fellow Emmy winner Kate McKinnon as Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who sat on his lap and begged Trump not to fire him. “I will not let you down,” Sessions assured Trump. “I might look adorable, but I'm frightening.”
Mysterious Russian ‘Killer Satellites' Spring Back To Life After Two Years Of Inactivity, And We Have No Idea Why
Tim Collins, had an article in the May 19, 2017 edition of The Daily Mail Online, warns “Russia could be preparing for a space war, after reactivating a group of satellites that military observers believed were inoperative. The objects first attracted attention for their usual maneuverability, which led some to suspect they were weapons; but, they appeared to lay dormant for almost two years. Now, the spacecraft have sprung back into action,” Mr. Collins writes, “raising concerns that the Kremlin is stepping up its space [weapons] race.”
“The agile craft, dubbed Kosmos-2491, -2499, -2504, were smuggled into space under the cover of the routine launch of communications satellites,” Mr. Collins wrote. Then this March, “Kosmos-2504 suddenly resumed its maneuvers, showing the first signs of life since October 2015,” he noted. “Last month, the craft passed within 1,183 meters of a defunct Chinese weather satellite, extremely close in astronomical terms. And, Kosmos 2499 was also seen undertaking some strange movements of its own in recent months,” he wrote.
Dr. Laura Grego, a space expert with the Massachusetts-based Union of Concerned Scientists, said in a recent interview with, The Daily Beast: “I do find it very interesting that the satellite would go dormant for two years; and then, come back to life to maneuver. One strategy to keep satellites stealthy, is to pretend they are debris, i.e., not to have them maneuver at all at first, and then come to life later. To be confident this works, you might want to test if your equipment works, after being idle for months or years.”
Mr. Collins writes that “the three unusually nimble craft are able to get within a few dozen feet of other orbiting satellites; and, are able to potentially spy-on, hijack, or even destroy other satellites/spacecraft. It is clear from their capabilities that they have the potential to become anti-satellite weapons.” “Looking at the history of space technology, it often starts with a small and cheap satellite that's easy to launch, then the same technology gets incorporated into something larger,” said Anatoly Zak, a Russian-born journalist and space historian. “You can probably equip them with lasers, maybe put some explosives on them,” he added. “If [one] comes very close to some military satellite, it can probably do some harm.”
And, Russia is not alone of course in militarizing space. The U.S., Japan, China, and Sweden — yes, Sweden — have all tested space assets with similar characteristics — “all in the name of satellite maintenance,” Mr. Collins wrote.
“Why The Next Pearl Harbor Could Happen In Space”
There are numerous articles almost daily on the prospects or warning of a ‘Cyber Pearl Harbor;' but, there is the potential for such an event in space. Indeed, Jonathan Broder had an article in the May 4, 2016 edition of Newsweek, with the title, “Why The Next Pearl Harbor Could Happen In Space.” And,a recent Defense Science Board study on the vulnerability of our space assets, especially those dedicated for military and national security purposes. No doubt, such an event — unless accidental, or an act of nature — would be considered an act of war. So perhaps, the chances of such an event are low probability, but high consequence — though some of you may argue with low probability.
Mr. Broder wrote at the time that, “Chinese President Xi Jingping paid a high profile visit last month [April 2016] to Air Force headquarters in Beijing, where he ordered his generals to sharpen the country's defensive, and offensive capabilities in space — in preparation for what many Chinese military analysts believe is an inevitable war in space with the United States.” At the time of Mr. Broder's article last year, he cited a Pentagon statement that “Beijing continues to ramp up its military capabilities in space, launching 142 satellites to provide intelligence, navigation, communications, and weather forecasting that can “limit, or prevent the use of space-based assets by adversaries during times of crisis or conflict.”
The Pentagon spent $2B in 2016 to upgrade and enhance its space assets security and ‘survivability,' and/or, ensure minimum operational capability; but, the threat to these same assets is increasing faster and more profoundly than we can adjust to. As Mr. Broder noted in his article, the $2B the Pentagon was spending in 2016 on protecting and countering space assets, was “set to soar to $22B,” this year. The Pentagon is “stressing resiliency, and broadening the use of defenses already on some of our military satellites,” he wrote. “They range from adding a thick shutter to a spy satellite's camera for protection against laser attack, to boosting a satellite's signals to prevent [overcome] jamming. Other methods [steps], include frequency hopping, which enables satellites to transmit data on other frequencies, if some are jammed,” or unavailable. The military [Pentagon] has also diversified its information sources, by acquiring data [streams] from neutral countries and commercial satellites.”
And, it is well known and publicized, that the Pentagon has been actively studying, and seeking alternatives to the Global Positioning System (GPS) Navigation , as well as the overhead constellation that supports strategic nuclear defense, as well as support for/to conventional and special operations communications and surveillance operations.
Naturally, those in charge of protecting these assets; and, ensuring at least the minimum necessary needed for critical; mission support, some Pentagon planners and strategists have been urging that we adopt a strategy of disaggregation, or placing many more, smaller satellites up in orbit to ensure redundancy and resiliency.
“As the Pentagon explores new ways to protect its satellites, America's fallback policy remains deterrence by threat of retaliation,” Mr. Broder wrote. :Depending on which satellites are attacked, the U.S. could confine itself to taking out the enemy's equivalent satellites. But, if Chiba or Russia destroyed the Pentagon's nuclear early-warning and strategic communications satellites, military strategists say, it's unlikely the U.S. [military] response would stay ;[remain confined]in [to] space..
“In their techno-thriller, “Ghost Fleet,” authors Pete Singer and August Cole describe a cataclysmic world that begins with a Chinese attack against the U.S. in space,” Mr. Broder wrote. “First, soldiers at China's Cyber Command Headquarters in Shanghai, hack into the Pentagon's network of GPS satellites and scramble their signals. The cyberattack sows chaos throughout among U.S. forces, which can no longer activate accurately, track targets, or hit them with precision munitions.”
“Then from a space station orbiting 200 miles above Earth, Chinese astronauts train a laser gun on three dozen U.S. satellites the U.S. military relies upon for virtually all of its communications and critical surveillance. By the time the Chinese are done, America's technological edge [advantage] on this new, 21st-century battlefield has been reduced to the predigital levels of World War II.”
“Scenes such as this [the above], [that] play out in Ghost Fleet, which is now required reading for military planners in the U.S. Space Command, as well as the military services and the CIA,” Mr., Broder wrote. With respect to Ghost Fleet, Mr. Singer remarked, “It's a novel,” and a thriller, but it's a realistic look at how a war might play out when we lose the opening battle in space,” Singer says, adding……”Let's hope it stays in the realm of fiction.”
One thing that Mr. Broder did not refer to is a white paper publication that has been out a couple of years by China's military strategists, “Unrestricted Warfare,” whereby Beijing is conducting and practicing simulated warfare exercises — disconnected from their networks. Perhaps they aren't entirely sure that they can make us ‘deaf,dumb, and blind,' without us doing the same to them. If that is the case, or close to ground truth, then that underscores the need for U.S. military strategists and warfighters to have at least a portion of their wargame exercises include being disconnected from their networks.
The U.S. also used to plan to win a two-war scenario. The thinking behind that strategy was, to a large degree, to deter adversaries who were not part of one conflict the U.S. was engaged in — from seeking to take advantage of this situation and initiate hostilities elsewhere. One does wonder if our overhead satellite constellation is knocked out, or crippled, what is our best guess as to the consequences of that dynamic, for those darker angels who may well seek to take advantage of this situation — and, who are not involved in the main conflict. Maybe it wouldn't matter, no one really knows. But, have we ever war-gamed that kind of scenario so that we might have at least some idea of what others might seek to do, while we are engaged in a principal conflict, where our networks are down, or severely compromised.
And finally, China is currently deploying an ‘unhackable,' encrypted satellite constellation in space that also could give them a significant strategic edge in space. V/R, RCP
Story highlights Men need to engage in the workplace gender equality debate, says Sandberg
Sandberg says it should be a 'badge of honor' to mentor women into top roles
Facebook COO has written a book, which has received mixed response from critics
Women have long dominated the heated discussion around gender equality. But one group not engaging in the conversation is men, says Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg
What's more, in her new bestseller "Lean In," Sandberg argues gender parity is impossible without them.
"I think it is too hard for men to talk about gender," says Sandberg. "We have to let men talk about this ... because we need men to talk about this if it is ever going to change."
And with men at the helm of most large companies, engaging the other 50% of the population in the gender debate is the key to gender equality, she says.
"I don't think men should be part of "Lean In" or part of equality because it's nice for women. They need to be part of it for themselves ... as managers and as peers in the workforce this is a competitive advantage for men."
If 86% of the top jobs are held by men and they tend to be older than the women who have just joined their companies, inviting this group of decision makers to help mentor women into top roles is the logical way forward, explains Sandberg.
JUST WATCHED Sandberg: Women must toughen up Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sandberg: Women must toughen up 02:55
JUST WATCHED Suze Orman on high achieving women Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Suze Orman on high achieving women 03:06
JUST WATCHED Sandberg: Upside for men in 'Lean In' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sandberg: Upside for men in 'Lean In' 05:39
"[For] every man out there, it should be a badge of honor to mentor young women. Not something you're ashamed to do, not something you're afraid someone will assume something bad, but a badge of honor that you are willing to spend your time giving the benefit of your experience to young women in the workforce. They need it."
As a female leader who has only worked for men and been mentored by men, her track record and success is proof in itself.
"I've never worked for a woman. Most women, if they get senior, have never worked for a woman, because again, 86 percent of the top jobs are held by men. I've had great mentors and great sponsors and part of Lean In is trying to help people find the right way to develop those mentors and sponsors."
As a Harvard graduate, she was selected to join the World Bank by her former professor, Larry Summers and later went on to become his Chief-of-Staff at the U.S. Treasury after working at McKinsey and earning her M.B.A. In the midst of moving to Google and then Facebook, Sandberg wed and had two children, a boy and a girl.
But Sandberg's book -- what she calls "a sort" of feminist manifesto -- hasn't been without critics. The Facebook executive received overwhelming reactions from female columnists at USA Today and the New York Times as well as authors specializing in gender workplace issues.
One notable reaction came from Avivah Wittenberg-Cox , who runs a global management consultancy, 20-first, that helps companies achieve greater gender balance.
In a recent Harvard Business Review article, Cox argues Sandberg is insulting women by suggesting they need to be more like men to succeed and even suggests she's blaming them. "We've never, in all of human history, seen a generation of brighter, better educated or more ambitious women," she writes. "They have the keys. We just still haven't figured out how to adapt our organizations to optimize their talents."
But Sandberg explains her point is quite the contrary. "I'm not telling women to be like men. I'm telling us to evaluate what men and women do in the workforce and at home without the gender bias."
What's more, Sandberg has also noticed it is women, not men who've been most vocal about the book.
"Most of the debate about "Lean In" has been women, especially the first couple weeks before the book was out. The most surprising thing was that no man said a word. I couldn't find a man writing a line, not saying a word."
Sandberg isn't just pointing out the stalled feminist revolution; she also offers a solution with Leanin.org , a not-for-profit foundation that will help spur change by offering women the ongoing inspiration and support to help them achieve their goals.
Funded by her book and corporate sponsors, the foundation will allow professional women to review social science research, share stories and receive online training and practical advice on career development -- to help women "take a seat at the table".
"Lean In is not about fixing women. And it's certainly not about any one person doing this on their own," she asserts . "Lean In is about all of us coming together to understand the stereotypes that are holding women back and fix them. And to start having an honest conversation about women in the workplace."
Story highlights Kerry broke femur, will seek treatment in Boston, State Department says
Medical personnel in his motorcade took immediate care of the secretary
He was in Geneva for talks with Iran over its nuclear program
(CNN) U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident in Scionzier, France, on Sunday morning, State Department spokesman John Kirby said.
The injury is near the site of a previous hip surgery, so Kerry will return to Boston for treatment at Massachusetts General Hospital with his doctor who did the prior surgery, the spokesman said in a statement.
Kerry, who was flown to a hospital in nearby Geneva, Switzerland, initially planned on flying back to the United States on Sunday but later decided to spend the night in the hospital as a precautionary measure, Kirby said.
The spokesman said Kerry was in "great spirits and active" and has had a number of phone calls, including one with President Barack Obama.
Kerry regrets that he won't be able to visit Spain as planned, and he also won't be able to attend the Paris counter-ISIL coalition ministerial meeting on Tuesday. He will participate in the Paris meeting remotely, Kirby said. (ISIL is another name for the terror network, ISIS.)
Read More
Go Back
VA Research Currents archives || Sign up for VA Research updates
Ongoing research Anthropologists provide unique perspective for VA studies
May 22, 2014
Dr. Sarah Ono, based at the Iowa City VA, is among some 60 anthropologists who work in VA research nationwide. (Photo by Steve Smith) Dr. Sarah Ono, based at the Iowa City VA, is among some 60 anthropologists who work in VA research nationwide. (Photo by Steve Smith)
In popular culture, anthropologists work exclusively in exotic locales, studying coming-of-age rituals among primitive tribes in Samoa, Papua New Guinea, or someplace hidden deep within the Amazon. And yet the 2012 Margaret Mead award, named after one of the most famous of anthropologists, went not to an Indiana Jones-style adventurer, but to Dr. Erin Finley, a VA health research scientist at the South Texas Veterans Health Care System, for her book on Veterans' experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Welcome to the world of anthropology, VA style.
"There have been anthropologists in VA for quite a long time," says Dr. Sarah Ono, an anthropologist at the Iowa City VA Health Care System. "They just tended to be called something else, either health research scientist or qualitative researcher. But we're here, and we've been steadily expanding [our ranks] for the last five years."
Some 60 anthropologists in VA system
Ono, who estimates there are roughly 60 anthropologists working for VA, recently authored an afterword for a special issue of Annals of Anthropological Practice. The issue, written and guest edited entirely by VA anthropologists, is scheduled for publication this summer.
Anthropology, as it turns out, is a broad field, and so is the research presented in the special issue. Topics range from secure messaging and patient-driven communication platforms to patient dignity in instances of spinal cord injury. A chapter written by Finley focuses on empowering Veterans with PTSD, with an eye on advancing dialogue and improving national mental health care policy.
Anthropology, broadly defined, is the study of humans. So it's easy to see how it can play a role in studies on the people who receive VA care, and those who deliver it.
"VA anthropologists are looking at issues among both Veterans and internal staff just like quantitative researchers," says Ono. "But because anthropologists are trained to put things into context and look at the big picture of how something fits into the larger VA structure, we bring a perspective that provides something quantitative research does not. We're never going to take the place of randomized controlled trials or big data. That is the standard, but whereas a statistic may say certain populations aren't compliant, for example, anthropologists try to figure out why that is and identify what barriers there are."
'The ability to bring in a different perspective'
For Ono, the big picture of VA is quite large indeed, as the agency provides health care more than 8.75 million Veterans and operates a robust research program, in addition to its other services and programs. "It's a complicated community and culture," she says, "and as an anthropologist, the ability to bring in a different perspective to the research is exciting."
That does not necessarily mean the findings from anthropologists' work are overly complicated. In ta section of the upcoming Annals issue that deals with patient dignity for those with spinal cord injuries, Dr. Jason Lind, an anthropologist based at the Tampa VA, writes that "patient care tasks like bowel care, bladder care, and bathing are very intimate and pose the greatest threat to dignity." This may seem obvious—but according to Ono, that is often the point.
"Anthropologists are good at holding a mirror up and reflecting what should be familiar," she says. "People recognize what we show them, but maybe they haven't thought about it in such a way, or realized that it was an issue that required more attention."
Commenting on the human perspective that she and her fellow anthropologists provide, Ono says: "It gives people at all levels access to personality and character rather than just numeric data. It's not just numbers. It's someone's story, and there is a real value to incorporating that kind of voice to research."
Mohamed Nasheed is the former president of the Maldives, an island nation in the Indian Ocean that is threatened by rising sea levels attributed to global warming. He stepped down as president earlier this year after the country's police and military turned against him. He is the subject of the documentary “The Island President,” now in theaters.
READING A very interesting book I've been reading is a Maldivian book called “Orchid,” by Mohamed Jameel. It's on the lynching of the Maldives's first president in the 1950s. I am the fourth president. What the book describes has so much resonance to what is happening now. If I hadn't resigned in February, they would have lynched me, too. I think if I had waited 10 more minutes, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
I'm also reading “The Blue Economy,” by Gunter Pauli, on sustainability and how we may be able to have a more carbon-neutral development pattern. I feel we should be moving more toward that kind of development strategy.
Photo
And I've been trying unsuccessfully to fish out fiction about the current political situation in Egypt because what is happening there is so similar to what's happening in the Maldives. I've often found fiction more useful — like, for example, Tom Sharpe's books on South Africa.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
LISTENING The police raided the presidential residence during the coup and took all my music. It was very bad of them. But I have a few CDs available to me, so I'm listening to Simon and Garfunkel all the time now, which is not bad. I quite like “50 Ways to Leave Your Lover.” I'm also listening to Radiohead. They were really nice in doing the music for “The Island President.”
Samsung has done a decent job of keeping the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 under wraps as we've only gotten a handful of images thus far. If a new leak pans out, things may not be as they seem as new photos ofÂ Samsung Galaxy Note 4 cases don't quite line up with the design we saw a few weeks back.
Before a new phone arrives, we start to see a trickle of accessories and covers ahead of the launch. Nobody wants to scratch the case on their new flagship before they can protect it. A new report shows a Chinese manufacturer has put several types of cases online for the Galaxy Note 4, and there's one big issue… the flash and heart rate monitor are covered up.
In addition to the big cutout for the camera, there's another odd spot in the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 case. The case shows a cutout on the back for what we assume would be a rear speaker although it's about the size of the heart rate sensor. You can clearly see the hole for the stylus at the bottom, but the other two cutouts are a total mystery. It also isn't the only new Samsung Galaxy Note 4 case as we found another one on Amazon which you can see on the left in the photo below. It'll be available October 3oth if you want to read anything into that.
There are two possibilities to consider with the new cases. Manufacturers have gotten the design wrong, and have wasted a lot of time and money cranking out those cases.Â The second solution is that the original photos we saw were bogus or a red herring sent out by Sammy to keep things a secret. We have heard rumors about variants of the Note 4 and wraparound glass on the sides, so it's definitely a possibility.
Do you think the new Galaxy Note 4 cases are true or do you believe the previous leak?
In 1991, Michael J. Fox, then 30, received a diagnosis of an unusually early-onset case of Parkinson's disease. The beloved, bankable star of the NBC sitcom Family Ties and the Back to the Future films kept the neurodegenerative disorder a secret from the public for almost seven years, even while shooting several seasons of the ABC series Spin City. When Fox revealed that he had the condition, his millions of fans did not want him to go away.
He never really has. Despite what every Parkinson's patient and caregiver would recognize as the condition's tics and freeze-ups, as well as the up-and-down cycles of its medication, Fox has taken on recurring roles and made guest appearances on shows like The Good Wife, Scrubs andBoston Legal.
But his primary focus has been his charity, the 13-year-old Michael J. Fox Foundation. No commonplace Hollywood vanity project, the organization has raised more than $350 million for research into Parkinson's diagnosis, symptoms and treatment.
Parkinson's affects nerve cells in the brain controlling muscle movement. Specifically, it kills or inhibits the functioning of neurons that produce the chemical dopamine, which sends signals coordinating how the body moves. Such symptoms as trembling limbs and stiff, slow movements and speech gradually worsen as the disease progresses.
(MORE: Holly Robinson Peete's Most Challenging Role: Sandwich Generation Caregiver)
Just last week, Fox's foundation awarded a $1.35 million grant to finance clinical testing of a drug to treat constipation in Parkinson's patients, a fairly common symptom. Later this year, it will launch a 600-patient study to discover how two recently identified genetic mutations affect the condition's progress, a project reflecting new interest in how such biomarkers may lead to new means of not only predicting who will have the disease, but possibly how to cure it.
And now the de facto face of the nation's 1 million-plus Parkinson's patients will seek to change the way Americans view the condition as he returns to prime time in the new NBC sitcom The Michael J. Fox Show perhaps the most-anticipated new show of the fall season.
"I wasn't doing a lot of work," Fox joked during an appearance this spring on The Late Show With David Letterman, "and I just thought, 'As long as I play a guy who has Parkinson's, I can do anything.'"
Fox plays a familiar character: a star, in this case popular New York City TV newsman Mike Henry, who comes out of retirement and goes back on air despite having Parkinson's. In the premiere, we learn that Fox's character has been driving his wife and three children crazy since he began staying home full time. In a bid to boost his former station's ratings and save his family's collective sanity, his old boss colludes with his wife to persuade him to go back to work.
The funniest bit involves his protests over the station's plan to promote his return through schmaltzy promos showing him in slow motion backed by inspiring music. Other gags rely heavily on the Parkinson's symptoms Fox exhibits, such as when he accidentally dials 911 while trying to place a call to his wife because his meds have not kicked in or when he says that a bumpy van ride feels perfectly smooth to him.
It's a somewhat fine line. As Britain's The Independent put it in its review, The Michael J. Fox Show "wants to have its cake and eat it, to both laugh at Fox's experience – and to lionize it."
(MORE: The Osmond Family's Greatest Act: Winning the Daily Battle Against MS)
Fox recognizes the challenge, but believes that Americans can handle seeing a wider range of characters on TV, and that laughing about disability can be done well, especially if patients are in on the joke. "A lot of times when you have a disability, the one thing you deal with is rejection of your experience or fear other people have about it," Fox has said. "But there's nothing horrifying about it. There is no gothic nastiness. The reality of Parkinson's is that sometimes it's frustrating and sometimes it's funny. I need to look at it that way and other people need to look at it that way.
"We're not making fun of Parkinson's," he has said of the new show. "We're examining a life that has Parkinson's and just how one guy deals with it."
It remains to be seen whether America will be eager to watch a former child star manage Parkinson's every Thursday at 9:30 p.m. (The series premieres on Thursday, Sept. 26 at 9 p.m. but will eventually move to 9:30.)
Fox has said the show will draw on real situations from his own family life. But the network was confident enough in the premise to order a full season before the pilot was even filmed, a highly unusual decision.
Early reviews are mixed but generally positive. Variety calls it "a pretty thin concoction, built heavily around the appeal of its leading man," while New York magazine says it has "chilled-out confidence" and "multivalent comic richness," anchored by "Fox's still formidable comic chops."
"The fact that he does, in fact, have Parkinson's gives him license to demystify the condition, even treat it as a source of shtick," New York reviewer Matt Zoller Seitz wrote. "He's not just using it, he's owning it."
Fox supported that idea in a new Rolling Stone cover interview in which he claimed his condition actually makes him a more confident actor. "I had a certain fluidity to my movements and rhythm of speech and a physicality that I had depended on," he said. "It served me really well, but when that was taken away, I found that there was other stuff that I could use. That hesitation, that Parkinsonian affect, is an opportunity to just pause in a moment and collect as a character and respond to what's happening and just gave me this kind of gravitas. It really gave me a new view of things."
Fox also hopes that his return to a higher public profile will boost awareness, financing and the march to a cure. Researchers lament stalled progress on new approaches for managing symptoms – most patients continue to rely on levodopa, which was a breakthrough 35 years ago. To be sure, the drug has improved. Patients on levodopa no longer career as much between "on" and "off" periods but the drug's ability to manage symptoms consistently still begins to waver as the disease advances.
It happens that Fox's return to the small screen comes at a time when other celebrities have disclosed that they are living with Parkinson's as well. Linda Ronstadt, 67, the Grammy-winning pop, rock, folk and standards singer, recently revealed that she had the disorder and could no longer sing. She last performed in 2009 and, as she told AARP magazine, she was baffled about the source of her troubles until she received her diagnosis several months ago, likely seven or eight years after her symptoms began. Across the Atlantic, perennially popular Scottish actor and comic Billy Connolly, 70, recently revealed that he, too, was living with Parkinson's, putting a new spotlight on the disease in his country.
"It's part of the human experience," Fox says. "You can't cower from it, you can't hide from it. You have to accept it, incorporate it into your life. If you have a loving, full life, it'll just be part of it, just one of the colors of the palette."
AMD RX 580 graphics card from Ebuyer.com
Designed for gamers the AMD RX580 graphics card delivers faster response times, greater efficiency and delivers fluid 1440p gaming.
With up to 1340MHz engine clock and up to 8GB DDR5 on board memory the RX 580 provides the performance and resolution all gamers are looking for.
Built on the Polaris architecture this graphics card supports advanced AMDS technologies including EyeFinity, CrossFire and Enduro.
ReLive allows you to capture and upload your gaming highlights and Radeon Chill not only saves power but also lowers the temperature while increasing battery life.
Scroll down the page to see our selection of RX 580 cards or choose from the full range of AMD graphics cards we have available at unbeatable deals here at Ebuyer.com. Buy today and we could deliver for free (terms and conditions apply).
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Just four months ago, T-Mobile US Inc Chief Executive John Legere warned consumers that results of a U.S. airwaves auction “should scare the hell out of you” because winning bids by Dish Network Corp and bigger phone companies threatened competition.
Now Legere is in talks to merge T-Mobile US Inc TMUS.N and Dish Network Corp (DISH.O), said a source familiar with the matter who requested anonymity to discuss the confidential negotiations. A decisive factor is how the partners would use the spectrum Dish has been buying up over the years.
T-Mobile would leapfrog its biggest rivals Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and AT&T Inc (T.N) to have the second largest stash of airwaves behind the No. 3 provider Sprint Corp (S.N), which has struggled to build out networks, said Recon Analytics analyst Roger Entner, who saw irony in the merger talks.
“Everybody is an opponent until you're bedmates,” said Entner. “(Dish CEO) Charlie Ergen went and bought spectrum like there's no tomorrow because there is no tomorrow without spectrum.”
Dish and T-Mobile have in the past entertained a potential deal, which would be the latest in a wave of tie-ups in the telecom and pay-TV industries as companies look to offer more services for customers.
Earlier this year, Ergen said he was “impressed” by the wireless carrier and Legere said it made sense for his company to team up with Dish. The satellite provider could offer up to $40 per share in cash and stock for T-Mobile, according to an early estimate by Macquarie analyst Amy Yong.
The merger talks are at an early stage and important aspects such as a price and structure have yet to be determined, the source said. Ergen has in the past walked away from other deals at the last minute.
Dish in recent years has amassed spectrum, radio frequencies that carry the growing amounts of data flowing through devices, without building out infrastructure to offer its own wireless service. The company recently launched an online streaming video service, Sling TV, to offset the loss of pay-TV subscribers.
T-Mobile has recently turned around years of subscriber losses with cut-price deals, marketing and wireless plans, but customer gains have pressured the carrier's margins. T-Mobile has also been reported as looking to buy spectrum from smaller rivals.
“You can never have enough spectrum given the explosion of data growth and where the market is going with over-the-top,” S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said.
In the auction that Legere complained about in a February blog post, Dish partnered with small companies that may still qualify for $3 billion in discounts to win some $13 billion worth of spectrum.
This “added insult to injury,” Legere said. “The FCC's rules actually allowed companies that don't provide wireless service at all to buy up huge amounts of spectrum and sit on it for 10 years!”
As partners, Dish would offer T-Mobile access to new mid-band frequency spectrum, which can bear heavy data, as well as some low-frequency airwaves, prized for their ability to carry heavy wireless traffic longer distances and through obstacles such as buildings.
Dish rose 4.9 percent to close at $74.25 on Nasdaq, and T-Mobile ended 2.6 percent higher at $39.34. T-Mobile's majority owner Deutsche Telekom (DTEGn.DE) closed up 2.38 percent.
Representatives at all three companies declined to comment.
Deutsche Telekom, which owns about 66 percent of T-Mobile, has stated interest in partnerships to strengthen its U.S. business after failing to sell it last year.
Regulators' concerns about shrinking to three the number of nationwide carriers prompted Sprint to drop its bid for T-Mobile. French operator Iliad SA (ILD.PA) also abandoned its attempt to buy T-Mobile last October.
But Gene Kimmelman, president of the Public Knowledge interest group and a veteran of the Justice Department's Antitrust Division, said a Dish-T-Mobile deal was “very unlikely” to raise substantial antitrust concerns.
The deal would also closely track a pending $48.5 billion bid by AT&T for Dish's biggest rival DirecTV DTV.O, which is expected to receive approval with some conditions in coming weeks.
The T-Mobile store sign is seen in Broomfield, Colorado February 25, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) is seeking to remake the U.S. cable television industry by acquiring No. 2 cable company Time Warner Cable Inc TWC.N for $56 billion, after regulators rejected the bid by their biggest rival Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O).
Dish and T-Mobile have agreed Legere would serve as the CEO and Ergen would become the combined company's chairman, the Wall Street Journal, which first reported on the news, cited people familiar with the matter as saying.
T-Mobile has a market capitalization of about $31 billion, while Dish's is around $33 billion.
Posted on February 23, 2014 by Dr. Deah
I just returned from presenting at the Popular Culture Association Conference in Albuquerque, New Mexico. I also had the honor to act as substitute chair for Dr. Susan Koppleman, of the Fat Studies track, and as soon as I get settled back into my routine and catch up, I will be writing about the amazing work being done in Fat Studies by people all over the country and Canada. But today I just wanted to dash off a quick blogette, because today is day 1 of National Eating Disorders Awareness Week. But please please please remember that for those of us with an eating disorder or our friends, colleagues, or family members with eating disorders, EVERY WEEK is eating disorders awareness week. One week to call attention to this devastating disorder is better than nothing but still inadequate. If we devoted half of the resources, time, and energy to educating people about eating disorders that we spend on selling people diet products, well...actually, if we did that, there would be fewer people with an eating disorder...and a great many more informed people! That isn't about to happen any time soon, unfortunately, so until then we need to do our best to maintain our focus and offer support all year long. Sometimes awareness is not enough without information about what to do with the awareness. We have all heard the expression, "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing." In the case of educating people about eating disorders, this can be true. So I urge folks to go beyond the talking points, catch phrases, and advertising tie-ins and really find out the facts about eating disorders. Here are some sources. NEDA, Mental Fitness This week, I will be pinning about eating disorders on the WEGO Health 's Women's Health board and on my Cultivate a Positive Body Image board. If you have any resources to add please let me know! And in recognition of NEDA Week, order Dr. Deah's Calmanac and receive a free bumper sticker or magnet! Purchase the book from my website or in any of the following California bookstores:
My column today looks at a relatively underappreciated form of inequality: unequal access to family planning and fertility decisions. High-income, highly educated Americans have more choices than ever when it comes to childbearing, while low-income, less-educated Americans have trouble just getting access to effective birth control. But it's not just a financial barrier they face; it's an information one, as well.
A few years ago the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy released a study based on survey data about young unmarried adults' use of and knowledge about contraception. The ignorance and misperceptions are often shocking. I asked the organization if they could sort responses by socioeconomic class of the respondents; they didn't have income data, but they did have information about respondents' educational attainment, which tends to be a good proxy for income and employment prospects.
The numbers were disappointing pretty much across the board, but they tended to be worse for those with less education. Twenty-somethings with college degrees report using birth control much more consistently than people with no more than a high school diploma. People with less educational attainment were also much more likely to say they know little or nothing about condoms and the pill. And the amount of mistrust, misinformation and old-wives'-taling about birth control was astounding among the less educated, though not wholly absent among college grads.
Among unmarried people in their 20s, for example, people with no more than a high school education are almost four times as likely to (incorrectly) believe that having sex while standing up is an effective form of birth control.
Source: The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy. Survey respondents are unmarried adults age 20 to 29.
When it comes to real forms of birth control, there is a tremendous amount of skepticism that they actually do anything. With “perfect” use, for example, the pill is estimated to be 99 percent effective at preventing pregnancies. But lots of young singles, and especially less-educated young singles, perceive that the pill doesn't work most of the time:
Source: The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy. Survey respondents are unmarried adults age 20 to 29.
Many believe birth control doesn't matter anyway, because they don't think they can have kids no matter what they do. About a quarter of people with a high school diploma or less think they are infertile:
Source: The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy. Survey respondents are unmarried adults age 20 to 29.
For the most part, these respondents don't think they're infertile because a medical professional diagnosed them as infertile. Isabel Sawhill, whose new book on curbing unplanned births I highly recommend, suggested that the belief might come about because people assume if they've had unprotected sex before and didn't get pregnant, that must mean they are unable to get pregnant. So why not roll the dice again?
Of course, for many of these women, their unsubstantiated beliefs about their infertility turn out to be completely wrong and lead to unplanned pregnancies. A recent CDC report included a survey of women who had unintended births after unprotected sex and found that the most common reason women cited for not using birth control was that they thought they couldn't get pregnant. Among moms with a high school education or less, 42 percent said they hadn't used birth control because they wrongly believed they couldn't get pregnant.
Reading through responses to some of the other questions in the Fog Zone report, you'll find a pervasive distrust of birth control, especially among the less-educated:
Source: The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy. Survey respondents are unmarried adults age 20 to 29.
Some of these findings may reflect lingering mistrust in low-income communities of birth control and public health campaigns following the shameful history of forced sterilization. Some of it has to do with abstinence-only education, or otherwise low-quality information young people receive about reproductive health. But whatever the cause, this is a public health issue worth addressing. The vast majority of young unmarried people have had sex. Nearly all of them say that it is important for them to “avoid pregnancy right now,” the Fog Zone report finds. But partly thanks to this sex ed gap, their behaviors are not matching their intentions.
Like most people, economists love a mystery – especially if it involves not a missing person but a missing $2.9 trillion in United States debt.
That's $2.9 with 11 zeros after it.
Some words of explanation: Every quarter the Department of Commerce comes up with the US "International Investment Position." At the end of 2006, for instance, the US had a net negative position – by this measurement of international assets and liabilities – of $2.6 trillion. In other words, the country is by far the world's biggest debtor nation.
A quarter century ago, the US was the world's largest creditor nation.
The economists at Commerce count American-owned private assets in foreign nations (plants, equipment, retail outfits, property, corporate stocks and bonds, etc.), US official international reserves (gold, special drawing rights, foreign currencies), and other US assets abroad. The measurements get complicated. Then these economists count what foreigners own of American assets, looking at the same list of assets.
Subtracting the value of American international assets from what foreigners own of American assets, they come up with how much Americans are in debt to other nations and their peoples.
But if you look at the current account of the US balance of payments, which measures primarily the balance of trade, and also flows of interest and dividends, foreign aid, and other international transfers, the US should be far deeper in hock – $2.9 trillion more over the years from 1990 through 2006 than the official $2.6 trillion. Every month, the Commerce Department has reported huge deficits in trade and the broader current account. These deficits have to be financed somehow by foreigners, and so the US should be piling up its international debts in grand style.
Last year the US international deficit was running at a level equivalent to 6.5 percent of our gross domestic product, the nation's total output of goods and services. In a sense, Americans were living 6.5 percent better than they would if they weren't putting on the national tab, in effect, so many toys, shirts, computers, etc.
"Why aren't we more indebted?" asks Barry Bosworth, an economist at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
One related mystery is that American investments in foreign nations earn a much higher rate of return than do the investments by foreigners in the US.
"Why?" asks Mr. Bosworth in a working paper written with Susan Collins of the Gerald Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor, Mich., and a graduate student, Gabriel Chodorow-Reich.
One-third of the gap in the return on investments can be attributed to US corporations reporting "extra" income in low tax jurisdictions of their foreign affiliates, the National Bureau of Economic Research paper finds. For example, Microsoft sells its software in foreign countries from an affiliate in Ireland – after making some changes in the software, says Bosworth. There, it pays only a 10 percent tax on its corporate profits, rather than the 38 percent corporate rate in the US. Other US firms set up affiliates in such tax havens as Barbados, the Bahamas, and Bermuda.
US firms are "quite aggres­sive" in taking advantage of such tax havens, notes Bosworth. It probably means that these companies avoid billions of dollars in taxes that otherwise would go to Uncle Sam. It also distorts the official balance-of-payments figures. "The data are very bad," says Bosworth.
Another economist intrigued by this international investment mystery is Pierre-Olivier Gourinchas of the University of California, Berkeley. He finds that the reason the US is earning so much more on its foreign assets than it is paying on its foreign liabilities is partly because US investors often take more risk and thus get a higher return. The American money goes into foreign direct investment (plant and equipment, etc.) and into foreign stock, for example. Many foreigners, especially central banks, tend to be more cautious in choosing American investments. They buy ultrasafe US Treasuries or relatively safe bonds issued by US corporations, for instance. "The US offers nice, liquid, safe investments," says Professor Gourinchas. The risk of default can be low.
The US is an entrepôt, says Jane D'Arista, of the Financial Markets Center, Philomont, Va. That is, it takes in savings from the world at relatively low cost and invests some of that money abroad at a higher return.
There's more to the mystery than that, however. One advantage for the US is that the dollar is the primary currency used in international reserves of other nations and for invoicing international trade and investment, such as for oil and other commodities.
So when the dollar loses value, foreign holders of dollar assets lose on their dollar investments. Almost all US foreign liabilities are in dollars and about 70 percent of US foreign assets are in foreign currencies.In what Gourinchas calls an "eye-catching, back-of-the-envelope calculation," a 10 percent depreciation of the dollar represents a transfer of 5.3 percent of US GDP from the rest of the world to the US. America's GDP is currently $13.7 trillion, and the dollar is down 20.6 percent since 2002. So foreigners have – in effect – given the US about $1.3 trillion.
It's not really that simple, emphasizes Gourinchas. Nonetheless, the US has had a free lunch.
Donald Trump Jr. testified to Senate investigators Thursday that he never received any damaging information but wanted only to assess Clinton's “fitness” for office. | Richard Drew/AP Photo Notes from meeting with Russians said not to be damaging to Trump family By By JOSH DAWSEY and ALI WATKINS | 09/07/2017 06:46 PM EDT
Notes from former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort on a meeting he attended last year with a Russian lobbyist and Donald Trump Jr. are not seen as damaging to the Trump family or campaign officials, according to government officials and others who have looked at the notes.
The Trump Tower meeting has come under scrutiny because Trump Jr. wrote in an email that he agreed to the encounter in order to find “dirt” on Hillary Clinton, and it has since become a focus for special counsel Robert Mueller. Mueller has sought to interview White House officials about the fallout, and the Russian lobbyist has testified in front of a grand jury.
Story Continued Below
. .
The notes from the meeting do not contain any damaging information about Clinton or references to promises of damaging information about her, nor do they indicate that officials on the campaign were promising favors or seeking them in return for money, the people who've seen them said.
According to these people, the notes have been with Senate officials for weeks and have been reviewed by a number of people on Capitol Hill. Also in attendance at the June 2016 meeting in New York were a Russian lawyer, a Russian businessman and other Trump campaign officials, including Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law.
Playbook Power Briefing Sign up for our must-read newsletter on what's driving the afternoon in Washington.  Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Officials who have reviewed the notes say they are not likely to be independently vital to any case, if at all, because they are difficult to follow, particularly one year later. To be sure, the notes are not an exhaustive account of the meeting, and other things could have been discussed that are not included in the notes.
Jason Maloni, a Manafort spokesman, declined to comment.
Trump Jr. testified to Senate investigators Thursday that he never received any damaging information but only wanted to assess Clinton's “fitness” for office. President Donald Trump and others were involved in crafting a statement about the notes on Air Force One that was viewed as misleading.
The notes from Manafort, these people said, are about financier Bill Browder, a key player in the Magnitsky Act, which sanctioned Russian officials for human rights abuses. In retaliation for those sanctions, Russia banned U.S. citizens from adopting Russian children.
The notes include a spirited case on why Trump officials should overturn the act and why Republicans could support it. It indicates that the Russian officials made critical comments about Browder, but that Trump officials seemed to know little about the legislation or how it came about.
The notes do not contain the word “donor,” as NBC News previously reported, but they appear to explain the background of a key player involved in the act, these people said, and this person's previous donations to the Republican National Committee.
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 8/29/2012, pg. 2A)
A story incorrectly reported that Roman Catholic archbishop-elect of San Francisco, the Rev. Salvatore Cordileone, called on Catholics to vote for an initiative that requires parental consent for minors seeking an abortion in the upcoming November election. The initiative dates back to November 2008 and is not on the Nov. 6 General Election ballot.
The Roman Catholic archbishop-elect of San Francisco, controversial for his vigorous support of California's same-sex marriage ban, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence and ordered to appear in court, San Diego authorities said Monday.
The Rev. Salvatore Cordileone was taken into custody after being stopped early Saturday at a checkpoint near the San Diego State campus, said Detective Gary Hassen, a police spokesman.
Cordileone was booked into San Diego County jail two hours after being stopped and was released Saturday on a $2,500 bond, sheriff's records show. He was ordered to appear in court Oct. 9.
Cordileone, 56, is the current bishop of the Oakland Diocese, which issued an apologetic statement Monday afternoon.
“While visiting in San Diego this past weekend, I had dinner at the home of some friends along with a priest friend visiting from outside the country and my mother, who lives near San Diego State University,” the statement read. “While driving my mother home, I passed through a DUI checkpoint the police had set up near the SDSU campus before I reached her home, and was found to be over the California legal blood alcohol level.
“I apologize for my error in judgment and feel shame for the disgrace I have brought upon the Church and myself. I will repay my debt to society and I ask forgiveness from my family and my friends and co-workers at the Diocese of Oakland and the Archdiocese of San Francisco. I pray that God, in His inscrutable wisdom, will bring some good out of this.”
The San Diego City Attorney's Office, which prosecutes misdemeanor DUI offenses, said it had not received a report on the arrest.
Cordileone is a San Diego native and was ordained at the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Diego. Police did not provide information about whether he had previously been arrested.
In late July, Pope Benedict XVI selected Cordileone to become archbishop of San Francisco, San Mateo and Marin counties.
Cordileone is not scheduled to be installed as archbishop of San Francisco until Oct. 4. Catholic bishops are answerable only to the pope and a criminal charge would not automatically prompt a delay in Cordileone's installation, according to canon law experts.
Cordileone's appointment to San Francisco archbishop provoked outcry from gay rights advocates because he is a noted proponent of Proposition 8, the 2008 law passed by California voters to outlaw same-sex marriage.
Cordileone was already known as a theologically conservative bishop faithful to the Catholic orthodoxy when he was installed as Oakland's bishop in May 2009, becoming the first Spanish-speaking bishop in the Oakland Diocese's history. He was a staunch advocate for immigrant rights and opposes the death penalty.
He was also part of the San Diego Diocese when it filed for bankruptcy protection in 2007 after being slammed with claims by 150 alleged victims of sexual abuse and multiple civil trials. Cordileone denied allegations by creditors at the time that the diocese tried to protect its finances by hiding and downplaying the value of assets before bankruptcy proceedings began.
And he has refused to provide a list of priests involved in sexual abuse requested by Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests, according to David Clohessy, director of the organization known as SNAP. Cordileone in 2008 also called on Catholics to vote for an initiative that would have required parental consent for minors seeking an abortion.
Because it's a high-profile case, Cordileone's paperwork may take longer to process if authorities are going out of their way to avoid mistakes, Bay Area DUI defense attorney Bruce Kapsack said.
Breath tests return immediate results. Urine and blood samples can take much longer to process, Kapsack said.
Kapsack said his clients have included priests, rabbis, imams and Buddhist monks. “They don't get more of a break,” Kapsack said. “Actually, the higher profile the individual the stricter the situation becomes.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
What will Toby Alderweireld bring to Tottenham? The defender has lots of qualities
With Tottenham having confirmed the signing of Toby Alderweireld from Atletico Madrid, we look at what the former Southampton loanee will bring to White Hart Lane.
From his mental strength to his distribution from the back, the Belgian defender has a wide array of skills to offer Mauricio Pochettino's team.
Here are five of the key qualities that Alderweireld could offer Spurs in 2015/16…
Character
When Alderweireld departed Atletico Madrid for his loan move to Southampton last summer, Diego Simeone praised the defender along with fellow leaver David Villa. “Those are men,” said the Argentine coach in acknowledging the ‘thank-you call' he received from them. Alderweireld is a mature character with good leadership skills – something that became clear within months of his arrival at St Mary's. Saints boss Ronald Koeman hailed him as a “strong influence” who “helped others around him” and in a Tottenham defence lacking experience that could prove significant.
His experience has helped to improve some of the players around him. He is still young, but he is an international and knows the levels you need in the Champions League. Ronald Koeman on Toby Alderweireld
Reliability
Spurs supporters saw more than their fair share of defensive slip-ups last season. According to Opta, there were no fewer than eight different Tottenham players who made errors leading to goals in the Premier League in 2014/15. Indeed, only Everton endured more different players culpable for conceding a goal. In contrast, the statistics show that Alderweireld didn't even make an error leading to a shot during his time at Southampton let alone a goal. That's the sort of reliability Pochettino will be looking for from his new signing.
Error free While Jan Vertonghen, Eric Dier, Federico Fazio and Vlad Chiriches all made errors leading to goals in 2014/15, Toby Alderweireld didn't even make an error leading to a shot. [Source: Opta]
Alderweireld has joined Tottenham from Atletico Madrid on a permanent deal
Distribution
It's not all about mental characteristics. With the ball at his feet, Alderweireld offers the opportunity for Tottenham to add a dimension to their game with his distribution out of defence. In particular, his long-range passing is a real weapon. Alderweireld hit 135 accurate long passes last season, ranking among the top 15 outfield players. Of those who attempted more, only five found a team-mate more regularly – and they included Steven Gerrard and Cesc Fabregas. It'll be intriguing to see whether this is an aspect of Alderweireld's game that Pochettino will encourage.
Pass master Toby Alderweireld ranked among the top six defenders in the Premier League in 2014/15 for accurate long passes. [Source: Opta]
Savvy
Those passing skills were honed at Ajax where, as Koeman has pointed out, “it is more important to play with the ball”, but it's Alderweireld's time at Atletico that could prove just as vital to Spurs. It was there that Koeman acknowledges that the player “learned a lot about the defensive tactics of the coach” and Alderweireld himself described Simeone as “tactically the best coach I have ever seen”. Throw in the year of Premier League experience that the 26-year-old has picked up and there is every reason to think he can add rather more savvy than the likes of young Englishman Eric Dier.
Jan Vertonghen (left) and Alderweireld (right) played together at Ajax
Teamwork
It seems likely that Pochettino envisages pairing the right-footed Alderweireld alongside left-footed Jan Vertonghen in the Tottenham defence and the duo's existing relationship offers hope that this is a partnership that could prosper. The two men won back-to-back Eredivisie titles together at Ajax and were also part of Belgium's World Cup squad last year. “It would be very nice to play again with Jan,” said Alderweireld in March. He's got his wish and now Tottenham supporters will be hoping that they'll enjoy the reunion as much as the players themselves.
Marko Grujic is determined to continue showcasing his talents during pre-season after lighting up Liverpool's friendly win over Tranmere Rovers with a superb long-range strike.
Midfielder Grujic scored the visitors' second goal at Prenton Park in some style as the Reds began their warm-up games for 2017-18 with a comfortable 4-0 victory.
After collecting a pass from Sheyi Ojo, the 21-year-old dipped inside onto his right foot and sent a low, curling effort into the bottom corner from 25 yards.
Free clip: Grujic's screamer at Tranmere
Grujic netted three times during pre-season a year ago but then saw his first campaign at Anfield interrupted by injury.
However, the No.16 feels he can stake his claim for a prominent role in Jürgen Klopp's plans in the season ahead and has his sights set on impressing against Wigan Athletic at the DW Stadium this evening - a game you can watch live on LFCTV and LFCTV GO.
“It was a very nice victory for us and the first game of the new season. I'm happy to get a goal again in our first match and for us it was most important to give each player 45 minutes to get more fit,” Grujic told Liverpoolfc.com, following the match at Tranmere.
“We go again in training and get ready for the Wigan game on Friday.
“Of course this goal will give me more confidence. I will do a lot in this pre-season to show the manager and other members of staff that I can play.
“For the team it's important to win all of these games in pre-season to get confidence for the start of European games and the Premier League as well.”
LFCTV GO: Grujic on his hopes for pre-season
Grujic, who represented his country at the U21 European Championship over the summer, believes Klopp's pre-season training regime will leave Liverpool's players in excellent shape come the start of the campaign.
“I just finished playing for Serbia U21s in the European tournament then I had a little break, and then we started again at Melwood,” he said.
“The first days were really tough, we did a lot and we will do a lot in Hong Kong and Germany as well, and we will start the season fresh and be better.”
LFCTV and LFCTV GO are the only places you can watch every one of Liverpool's pre-season games. Click here for details on how to sign up.
A COUPLE drank their own urine and thought about eating each other as they tried to survive being lost in the desert for almost a week.
Earlier this month, Mariya Mitkova, 27, and Aaron Morganstein, 33, went missing after they headed out to the Californian desert to go camping.
It was an activity they did often, and on November 12 they travelled to Joshua Tree National Park, about 225 kilometres east of Los Angeles.
The couple was last seen leaving their home in Elysian Valley, a neighbourhood in Los Angeles.
The LA Times reported they withdrew some money from an ATM and bought petrol on the way to the national park, but then disappeared without a trace.
When Ms Mitkova and Mr Morganstein arrived they went on a hike but the sun went down quicker than they expected and they couldn't find their way back to their car.
They then spent the next six days trying to find civilisation. They had no food and only a small amount of water, and Mr Morganstein said on Reddit they would have resorted to eating parts of each other if it got to that point.
As the days went on, the pair thought they were going to die.
“I silently promised to myself and desert that if I made it out alive I would do my best to make the world a better place,” Ms Mitkova said.
They were found on November 20, by Border Patrol near the US-Mexico border.
The pair have spoken out on Reddit about the desperate measures they turned to in order to survive.
Mr Morganstein said he thought they would have died on day three, but rationing what was left in their backpacks helped them to keep going.
They had left enough supplies at their campsite to survive on for two weeks. The pair had about 26 litres of water at the car, but only took five litres with them on their hike — That was all the water they would drink for six days.
When water started to run dry the pair had to drink their own urine.
“After you rehydrate it's barely noticeable,” Mr Morganstein said.
“The first round is really bad, but the second cycle of piss is nearly impossible to take down.
“We had to resort to urine on a few occasions after our first run. We decided to drink the pee first and leave yourself fresh water to dilute with piss water in less quantities for future pee rounds.”
Mr Morganstein said drinking urine saved his life.
“It certainly did not hurt and it didn't taste too bad when you knew it was hydrating,” he said.
Miraculously when the couple was found, they were not in need of emergency medical attention.
While they were haggard, they were not dehydrated or injured.
media_camera Joshua Tree National Park in California. Picture: Supplied
Mr Morganstein said Ms Mitkova did not hold onto much hope for their survival.
“We concluded we were so far from where we thought we were going to be and so deep into a wilderness nobody knows that it was incredibly unlikely for us to last as long as it would take to find us,” he said.
“We concluded our lives were in our own hands only.”
Helicopters flew over the pair, and they tried to get the attention of the pilot by starting fires with a lighter they found in their backpack.
They claimed they lit a fire big enough to warrant criminal charges, but it went unnoticed.
Ms Mitkova talked about her family several times a day and the pair knew they'd be worried as the days dragged on.
“But we realised we couldn't dwell too much on postulating over what people were thinking or doing in the default world, and we had to focus on getting out ourselves,” Ms Mitkova said.
media_camera Mariya Mitkova. Picture: LAPD media_camera Aaron Morganstein. Picture: LAPD
The couple's family and friends were trying to find them, and conducted an extensive search party around the Joshua Tree area.
“I had no idea that some of my friends had flown in from around the country to come help comb the wilderness and pass out flyers,” Ms Mitkova said.
“We didn't know how much this had gotten into the news. We were seeing a lot more air activity starting Monday night and continuing into the next days which made us think that search parties were underway, and (we) kept trying to signal these aircraft to no avail.”
Ms Mitkova told Reddit any arguments the couple had failed in comparison to the challenge of staying alive.
“We had to support each other at all costs,” she said.
“It really put things into context.”
According to the LA Times, the couple was rescued when they stumbled across a mobile phone tower with maintenance workers nearby. The workers contacted Border Patrol.
A friend of the couple, Briana Gonzales, told the LA Times Ms Mitkova said they would have died if they didn't find help when they did.
Originally published as ‘We drank our own urine to survive'
NEW YORK – The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis updates quarterly a set of nine easy-to-understand charts that demonstrate how Obamanomics, the economic policies of the Obama administration, have failed to produce real economic benefits for the American people.
The nine charts illustrate that Obamanomics has dramatically increased both consumer and government debt; driven U.S. workers out of the labor force in a manipulation of statistics designed to allow the Bureau of Labor Services to report an unemployment rate that is artificially low; increased health-care costs despite the passage of the Affordable Care Act; and produced a questionable economic recovery, with U.S. growth rates still hovering at near-recession levels of economic stagnation.
This article is an update of a report published by Rachel Stoltzfoos, “Obama's Economy in 9 Charts,” in the Daily Caller on Oct. 30, 2015. In September 2015, ZeroHedge.com introduced the concept of selecting nine charts to describe the Obama economy from the dozens of charts produced and updated by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
Whether the economy is up or down, Dave Ramsey's “Total Money Makeover” is a proven plan for financial fitness
Student loans
The first chart tracks student loans, making it clear that as of the third quarter 1990, there were no outstanding student loans. At the beginning of the Obama administration, in the first quarter of 2009, student loans stood at $146.6 billion. From there, the graph rises steeply. By the fourth quarter 2015, the last quarter for which the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis charted the data, student loans had risen to $945.6 billion.
The origin of the student loan program can be traced to Bill Clinton signing the Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1993, which set up a phase-in of a direct government lending for student loans that replaced the program of government guarantees of private student loans arranged largely through banks, beginning with the National Defense Education Act of 1958 and the Federal Family Education Loan Program in 1965.
In signing the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, President Obama engineered a government takeover of the student loan program, so that today all student loans are direct government loans.
Food stamps
Under President Obama, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, commonly known as the “Food Stamps” program, has grown from $54.8 billion in 2009 to $69.4 billion in 2014.
In January 2015, the number of beneficiaries receiving food stamps topped 46 million for 38 straight months, with 14.6 percent of the population and 19.7 percent of all households receiving food stamps. This represents an increase of 1516.96 percent over the 2.9 million Americans participating in the food stamp program in 1969.
Federal debt
The federal debt is projected to nearly double under President Obama, with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis chart showing it has increased from $11.1 trillion in the first quarter 2009 to $18.9 trillion in the fourth quarter 2015.
At the end of the George W. Bush presidency in January 2009, the federal debt stood at $10.6 trillion. It is projected to exceed $20 trillion by the end of Obama's presidency in January 2017.
Money printing
While Quantitative Easing, the Federal Reserve policy of printing money to buy U.S. Treasury Department-issued government debt, known among economists as QE, began under President George W. Bush, it took off under President Obama.
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis chart shows the adjusted monetary base of the United States rose from $1.772 trillion on Jan. 14, 2009, to $3.996 trillion as of March 16, 2016.
As WND reported in April 2014, the Federal Reserve in the Obama administration pumped the Federal Reserve's balance sheet with more than $4 trillion of purchases of U.S. Treasuries and other federal government bonds. QE grew to a level of $85 billion a month under the previous Federal Reserve chairman, Ben Bernanke.
Health insurance costs
Despite Obama's promises that the implementation of Obamacare would lower health-care costs, the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis chart shows the Consumer Price Index, CPI, for medical care services has continued a straight-line increase since the passage of the Affordable Care Act.
The CPI for medical care services has increased from 149.952 in January 2009 to 186.961 in February 2016, rising from a base of 100 in December 1999.
Labor-force participation
The labor-force participation rate has fallen consistently under the Obama administration as an increasing percentage of those out of work and looking for work simply give up and quit looking. The labor-force participation rate has dropped from 65.7 percent in January 2009 to 62.9 percent in February 2016.
In May 2014, WND reported that the Bureau of Labor Administration in the Obama administration had implemented a policy of making unemployment percentages look artificially low by increasing the number of workers considered no longer in the work force.
In April 2014, nearly 93 million Americans were considered out of the labor force. According to John Williams, an economist known for arguing the government reports manipulate “shadow statistics” of economic data for political purposes, drops in the unemployment rate as reported by the BLS have become virtually meaningless.
“The broad economic outlook has not changed, despite the heavily-distorted numbers that continue to be published by the BLS,” Williams writes in his subscription newsletter on ShadowStats.com. “The unemployment rates have not dropped from peak levels due to a surge in hiring; instead, they generally have dropped because of discouraged workers being eliminated from headline labor-force accounting.”
Business workforce share of income
The Bureau of Labor statistics measures labor's share of the income produced by nonfarm employment, roughly described as employment in the business sector of the economy. The measure is often used to interpret “the worker's share of the economy,” with a declining index interpreted as a measure of growing economic discontent among middle class employees.
The index has dropped from a peak of 103.605 in the first quarter 2007, under President George W. Bush, to 99.350 in the fourth quarter 2015, under President Obama.
Median family income
Real median household income in the United States has declined from a height of $57,357 in 2007 under President George W. Bush to $53,657 in 2014 under President Obama.
The calculation takes into consideration the “Obama economic recovery,” in that real median household income in the United States by 2013 rose to $54,426 in 2013, from a low of $52,605 in 2012, only to fall back again in 2014.
Home-ownership rate
Home ownership under Obamanomics has continued a straight-line decline that began with the collapse of the substandard real estate market during George W. Bush's second term in office.
The home-ownership rate has declined from 67.4 percent in 2009 to 63.7 in the second quarter 2015. On July 28, 2015, the Wall Street Journal reported that the rate of home ownership in the second quarter 2015 hit a 48-year low, reflecting the reality that fewer middle class Americans can afford to buy a home. Under Obama, an increasing number of Americans are living in rented homes, with the American dream of owning a home no longer an economic reality.
Donald Trump may change his tune if he wins the nomination in July. | AP Photo Trump signals he's open to soliciting big donations
Donald Trump has largely self-funded his campaign because he's running as an individual in the Republican presidential primary, but as the party's standard-bearer atop the GOP ticket, he may be open to accepting contributions from big donors, according to his convention manager, Paul Manafort.
“Well the point is that Donald Trump has been making on the campaign trail is that he's financing his own campaign,” Manafort told conservative radio host Laura Ingraham on Thursday in an interview published by BuzzFeed. “That's very important for him to say now in his mind because he wants people to know that he owes nobody anything other than the American people, or the voters who are picking, choosing his candidacy.”
But Trump may change his tune if he wins the nomination in July, as seems increasingly likely. The real estate mogul is the only remaining candidate with a mathematical path to win the nomination outright but risks allowing Ted Cruz to emerge as the nominee if both candidates head to a contested convention shy of 1,237 delegates.
“When it comes to the general election, we are no longer running as an individual, we are running as the head of a ticket,” Manafort said. “And so the party itself will be doing some things to raise money, and Mr. Trump has indicated that he'd be willing to help the party. But as far as he himself is concerned — but his point is he wants to make sure that he's not beholden to anyone but the American people.”
Manafort, however, cautioned that Trump hasn't decided whether he would accept contributions from big donors if he wins the primary.
“He has basically said, ‘I am only running my campaign right now, I'm not taking money from anybody, and I'm not going to take any money from anybody,'” Manafort continued. “Whether, how he will participate, in a broader context is yet to be determined.”
Trump told MSNBC's “Morning Joe” on Wednesday that he has friends who want to donate to the party — but only if he wins the nomination.
“I have a lot of friends who want to give a lot of money to the Republican Party. We're not going to do it until they find out whether or not I win," he said. “I have friends that will give tremendous amounts of money to the Republican Party.”
The year was 1996, and if you were a PC Gamer and had internet (28.8) most CD's had a Kali HEAT.net or the biggest platform Mplayer on them. So I bought a game, Big Red Racing, great racing game for its time but not the point. Point was it advertised Mplayer.com as the place to play Multiplayer. I went on there and raced and it was a ton of fun but I was able to in the Mplayer client see this game Quake, especially TF, has a TON of players. I had looked at Quake in the store and was kind of confused, but due to the amount of players online I bought it and downloaded the TF Mod. I started playing FPS's with a Keyboard, no mouse(lol), and the map was 2Fort4 (2fort5 is the map now a days fyi/different flag room).
The configs weren't straight forward, TF had off hand grenades and you really needed people to teach you about this stuff. But the game was huge and you could find everything if you had the time to look. And I got hooked, it had the great variety of classes, the gameplay was smooth, and it had that feeling you could dominate the next guy. This was netquake, the standard quake engine, with no bunnyhop and there were over 800 clans in 8v8 mostly playing 2fort4 and some 2fort_SK and the game mode was one of my all-time favorites, Capture the flag.
Mplayer was the biggest provider of TF, with Heat.net second. I actually was one of the organizers of the Heat.net vs Mplayer tournament, as both had different game configs. And to brag a little bit, I won the Heat.net vs Mplayer tournament against LTK(heat.net sucked). These were all 2fort matches where you would move the flag slowly and slowly and in 30 minutes maybe the score was 2-1, like a soccer match.
Along came QuakeWorld, not an actual gaming platform but a separate quake client with modified netcode and physics, which picked up a lot of steam and stole a lot of the playerbase. Quakeworld for some time was played without bunnyhop still very similar to the Mplayer/Heat.net/Ten.net/Kali methods but used a traditional server browser, like gamespy. At the same time, Mplayer decided “let's make all accounts pay a monthly fee” where it was historically free, and it really drove people to QuakeWorld.
Eventually, someone got hit with a grenade(which you primed to explode where you wanted) and pushed jump and no other movement buttons, and pushed jump when he landed again. The world was onto something, and before you know it bunnyhop existed in TF. This was a huge changing point because the game went from a slow paced beat people down to submission to a high flying, soldiers rocket jump and start going 300mph into your base bouncing around like crazy. Game became more fun and drastically drastically different, within months. All of a sudden people spamming chokepoints and some scouts trying to dodge and outrun people became armies of O soldiers doing rocket jumps to gain speed and fly to touch and throw the flag a little further, 2-1 match became 10-8. Then, someone invented a Forward Rocket Jump script, which may hurt people's feelings, you could now press 1 button and go flying.
Not only is this video awesome, it shows off the way you could push in the physics, I could juggle people in air with a medic nailgun for example.
For those that don't know bunnyhopping, you would jump exactly when you landed and use strafe and some mouse to move(not forward), and you would like the momentum propel you essentially (easier to show then explain). So imagine carrying speed if you did something like a rocket grenade or pipebomb jump.
Great view of how bunnyhopping worked (IGNORE THE MMB IT'S WRONG)
TF was now QWTF (QuakeWorldTeamFortress) and essentially the second TF as it played so much differently. It then had mods on top of TF, such as:
OZTF(my favorite/aussies thing) Concussion grenades made you dizzy so Medics and Scouts could conc jump
– Otherwise you would jiggle around like crazy and try to control it but couldn't really move
– Otherwise you would jiggle around like crazy and try to control it but couldn't really move MegaTF: Faster Bunnyhop(by far) lots of additions per class such as
– Proximity mine, grappling hook for spies
Out came TFC, which was designed by the TeamFortress developers, as they now had an actual paying job for their work. TFC did not go over well to be honest, the Half Life engine was not as crisp as the QW engine and the bunnyhop went from strafe based with some leniency to a true skill and required a lot of mouse movement/cumbersome. The grenade radius was huge and they changed the pacing of the game from offensive soldiers and never use Heavy Weapons to Heavy weapons defense and Medic Scout offense primarily. I say all this but I want to make a point from it, it wasn't the developers fault, it was the engine didn't support the game type as well.
The game still used TF classes and had off hand grenades. You could run and bunnyhop and jump at the time the grenade exploded to propel you to get a flag, it was a pretty awesome feature. I think this game kind of killed the TF community, as QWTF players didn't like it generally and some people (which I know and won't name |{ cough) were historically bad but being the one with a lot of experience relatively became a big name.
So TFC is a big community and a new community, and honestly the game took a ton of skill as the rockets were slow (another thing QWTF'ers hate) as well as the pipebombs. DAOC was out at the time and really took a lot of people away from FPS's in general as well. So now you had divided communities and both had shrunk, although both were really large. I came into TFC late into the fray when QWTF got small, and are probably one of the originals who thought it was an excellent interpretation of TF. QWTF Lived until 2013? So this game was popular from 1997-2013, find another game that can say that.
Unreal had a TF game, it was a dud, but it had some players at the time and will be mentioned.
RTCW had a fortress game 2, which utilized the RTCW physics and playstyle and introduced maps such as 2fort5. I played it and it was a lot of fun, and it was vastly different due to pacing and just the need to master the tracking aim. For example the rocket launcher had larger delay and larger reload, but felt super cool and impactful.
Quake 2, as a response to not getting a teamfortress (as Valve bought it) came out with Weapons Factory. This utilized the classes but the classes all played vastly more different, it had jetpacks and grappling hooks and pretty crazy. It apparently got ported to Tribes (great game) and Unreal Tournament (pretty good game) as well and it had its own independent following i believe. Weapons Factory also had a Quake3 Mod, which was a reimaging of it while still using some of the core concepts.
This is a great site to explain more.
http://www.icculus.org/fi/docs/wf-notes.html
Then there was Quake3Fortress(Q3F) 1.0/Q3F 2.0/ETF(Enemy Territory Team Fortress). Quake 3 Fortress. Quake3Fortress 1.0 and 2.0 were different games, 1.0 was more of the quake 3 engine less turns on bunnyhop rockets were default speed and was a pretty good game, but it wasn't exactly what people wanted. What they wanted was QWTF, and Q3F2.0 was a phsyics overhaul that made it feel more like CPMA(aka QWTF) and changed it to have better bunnyhop and more movement freedom, QWTF was always about movement freedom. This game was excellent, and ETF was literally a port of Q3F2.0 as the ETF engine was free. It still had it's own characteristics such as complicated trick jumps with concussions and sentries that actually did something. It was a very good interpretation of TF, and there may still be a small community playing pickups on Quakenet #kgather(irc).
I miss this game.
FortressEvolved(is this the name of it?) had a really short run but a notable one, it tried to mimic QWTF 1:1 and did a really great job of it. Development just couldn't keep up I believe and it never really took off.
Then came out Fortress Forever. Fortress Forever was made by a Q3F guy and a TFC Guy, and sort of married the two. It had the good bunnyhop the good TFC conc jump and was a little restricted by the Half Life (Quake2 based) slop in the engine. This was a really underrated TF, it still exists on steam. It had some interesting features such as autojump when landing for bunnyhop, making it much easier for noobs, yo.
Then came TF2, announced with the Orange Box, which I pre ordered. It didn't have a bhop with acceleration (it does have bhop though), and it did one thing TF has never done, attempted to synergize teams. Part of it is most of the maps, especially in the beginning, were Battlefield style control maps. Now the medic was a healer instead of an offensive force, and the soldier would support as the team's movement, and so on and so forth. The game had crits and spread in competition at first, and in one of the early playoff matches 3 random rocket crits hit in a row coming up the 2fort5 ramp room that probably dinged the community forever, as a match was won stupidly due to this. TF2 eventually fixed it, removed random bullet spread and crits from competition, and really made an awesome game competitively. It has the rocket jumps and pipe jumps like any other TF, but it doesn't have offhand grenades. No longer could the scout be the guy who didn't aim at all and tried to finesse flags out, now the scout is a aiming killing machine. It's a great game it's very polished and represents TF well in a sense it provided access to a new generation of TF players. They added weapon skins and new items, and really helped turn it more and more tactical as you had more decisions and more scenarios. And yes, it's better than OverWatch regardless of your argument.
I've played at an extremely high level in QWTF/TFC/Q3F/FF/TF2, and I loved these games greatly. I witnessed first hand the game evolve through every phase, and I hope I did a good job sharing what I have seen. It's always had the same classes, but not all of them were always useful. But it didn't matter because it was always incredibly fun regardless, and if you were curious yes I would juggle you bao me nao fast hard.
Special thanks to my old teammate TwinCannon for reminding me of WolfFortress and the name of that Quake2 Mod(Weapons Factory).
Hande Kader was an LGBT rights activist (Picture: Facebook/Hande Kader)
This is Hande Kader.
She was a brave LGBT campaigner in Turkey, where campaigners say hate crimes are becoming more and more common.
This week her charred body was discovered as it emerged she had been raped and murdered.
The 22-year-old trans woman's death has sparked widespread calls for greater protection for Turkey's LGBT population.
Hande was working as a sex worker, and was last seen getting into the car of a client.
MORE: Transgender people no longer need to produce medical evidence to change passports
MORE: Class: Norwich City emphatically shut down fan who says LGBT pride has nothing to do with football
Her body was found burned and mutilated in the Zekeruyahoy neighbourhood in Istanbul.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Since her death, LGBT rights campaigners have been using the hashtag #HandeKadereSesVer – which means ‘Make some noise for Hande Kader'.
Hande had become a symbolic figure in Turkey after facing down a police water cannon during last year's Gay Pride march in Istanbul.
Her murder comes less than a fortnight after the death of gay Syrian refugee Muhammed Wisam Sankari, who was found decapitated after being raped.
So sad how there are people that think beating, raping and burning someone to death is okay but being a trans isn't?? #HandeKadereSesVer — malika☽ (@malikagrande) August 18, 2016
she was raped and beaten up before they set her on fire. do not let the world ignore this. #HandeKadereSesVer pic.twitter.com/7Ok94g2n3T — 207R57 (@sarahsniehaus) August 18, 2016
Emirhan Deniz Çelebi, the director of LGBT organisation SPoD, based in Istanbul, said after the killing: ‘We are being murdered and they do not hear our voices, because the rules in Turkey don't protect us.'
And lawyer Levent Pişkin said a crackdown after the recent attempted coup in Turkey have made LGBT people feel more vulnerable.
‘Actually, LGBT people in Turkey have never had legal rights,' he said.
‘But we knew there were judicial mechanisms to support us. Nowadays, most people feel more vulnerable.'
HATE İS A CHOİCE
BEİNG TRANS İS NOT! STOP THE HATE.
SHOW RESPECT!#HandeKadereSesVer pic.twitter.com/w3iBXVnNZm — ʍεrαl (@TurkulerSevdam) August 17, 2016
A joint statement by local LGBT organisations demanded justice, stating: ‘We feel great anger: our beloved friend Hande Kader was burned to death… Hande was a person who raised her voice against hate crimes and encouraged everyone to raise their voices too.
‘We are constantly shouting at LGBTI+ Prides, Trans Prides and other protests that homophobic and transphobic statements are leading to hate crimes, murderers often escape unpunished, and hate crime laws are urgent. ‘Unfortunately, our Prides have been banned in the last two years, yet we need to be seen, to be on the streets and to shout our demands in order to end hate crimes… ‘We demand justice for all that lost their lives for being a woman, a trans or a gay.' A march is being held from Tunel to Galatasaray on Sunday evening urging people to stand up against hate crimes. To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
by
If I told you that your website's design rendered it inaccessible to millions of people, you'd probably treat it like a pretty big deal. Well if your site isn't accessible to the hearing and visually impaired, conservative estimates suggest that you may be deterring at least 15.5 million consumers in the USA alone. Tim Berner's Lee, known as the inventor of the World Wide Web has said, “the power of the Web is in its universality. Access by everyone regardless of disability is an essential aspect.” To this end, lets talk about the importance of accessibility in web design.
Colour Deficiency
Did you know that 8% of men and 0.05% of women have colour deficient vision? Individuals with colour blindness may not see things the way you do. In the example below, you probably see a 74. But a user with colour blindness may see 21, or nothing at all.
Now think about the text and background colours on your site. Is their sufficient contrast? Are there too many different colours? Two tactics for tackling colour blindness when designing for web are:
Clear text / background contrasts
A monochromatic colour scheme (variable shades of a small, complementary colour set)
Monochromatic schemes are especially effective because those who suffer from colour deficiency typically don't have difficulty differentiating shades of the same colour. Using varying shades of the same colour for your background also simplifies the selection of a contrasting text colour.
Visual Impairment
For users who suffer from more severe visual impairments, there are many assistive technologies to enable web browsing. It's common for visually impaired computer users to rely on screen readers that audibly describe elements on screen. Probably the most significant component of screen readers in the context of web design is their ability to read image “Alt” tags. By taking the time to include detailed image descriptions in your alt tags, you can provide people using screen readers with richer online experience.
Another consideration for the visually impaired is text size and magnification. Content targeted towards aging users who may suffer from deteriorating vision should feature large text or the ability to toggle an enlarged font size.
Closed Caption
Closed caption and subtitling has been making video accessible to the hearing impaired since long before the Internet age. What's fascinating about closed caption online is that 80% of those who use it DO NOT have impaired hearing. Examples of scenarios where closed caption might be useful include:
When watching video in a crowded space eg: airports or restaurants
When details or lists are important eg: following a recipe
When multitasking eg: while on the phone
When silence is a priority eg: office or library
The popularity of closed caption highlights just why accessible design is so important. By making web browsing accessible to anyone, we improve the experience for EVERYONE.
Interested in web accessibility? We'll be covering more on this subject so subscribe to HTC's blog.
If you're doing cocaine, chances are this story will not make you quit. But it may make you think twice about your supplier.
A new report by the Centers for Disease control follows 21 cases of the otherwise rare disorder known as agranulocytosis, which is hallmarked by a severe weakening of immune function.
The condition is brought on by the drug levamisole, which used to be given to colon cancer patients. It is also widely used to deworm cattle.
Citing the Drug Enforcement Agency, the CDC report claimed that 69 percent of all cocaine seized at US borders contains levamisole. The average concentration was near 10 percent. Tainted cocaine was also seized in New Mexico and Washington.
While only one death is known to have been caused by the substance, the report warned that other cases may have gone unnoticed since the DEA first began tracking the increasing rate of levamisole contamination in 2002. Cocaine users, the CDC said, may be less likely to seek medical treatment; and even if they did, the patient may not disclose cocaine use to their doctor.
As for why the drug taints such a large portion of cocaine in the United States, the CDC does not venture a guess. “The reason why levamisole is added to cocaine remains unclear,” the agency said. It added that levamisol was found in less than three percent of heroin seizures, and it was at much lower concentrations than those typically found in cocaine.
“Some studies suggest it intensifies the high by boosting dopamine levels in the brain,” Bloomberg News noted. “Other reports say it is used to dilute, or cut, the drug.”
The CDC said almost all of those suffering from agranulocytosis experienced “fevers and most also had sore throats,” MedPage added. “Nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, and mouth sores were common. A few patients reported pain and/or sores elsewhere in the body.
“CDC has begun national surveillance for agranulocytosis in association with suspected cocaine or heroin use, collecting information via medical abstraction form and patient interview,” the CDC added. “As of December 15, eight states had agreed to participate.”
It's tough to hold on to good employees, but it shouldn't be. Most of the mistakes that companies make are easily avoided. When you do make mistakes, your best employees are the first to go, because they have the most options.
If you can't keep your best employees engaged, you can't keep your best employees. While this should be common sense, it isn't common enough. Companies need to have rules—that's a given—but they don't have to be foolish and lazy attempts at creating order.
I understand the temptation. As my company has grown, so has our difficulty maintaining standards. There have been many instances where someone crossed a line, and we were tempted to respond with a new rule that applied to everyone.
But that's where most companies blow it.
In just about every instance, upon closer inspection, we realized that establishing a new rule would be a passive and morale-killing way to address the problem. The vast majority of the time, the problem needs to be handled one-on-one by the employee's manager.
When companies create ridiculous and demoralizing rules to halt the outlandish behavior of a few individuals, it's a management problem. There's no sense in alienating your entire workforce because you don't know how to manage performance. It makes a bad situation that much worse.
Let's explore some of the worst rules that companies create when they fall into this trap and see if we can't influence people to think differently about making rules in the workplace.
The six-month rule. Most companies won't let you transfer or get promoted until you've held a position for six months. This rule harms the company and the employee by holding people in roles that they're not suited for. Companies might have gotten away with this rule when our parents were entering the workforce, but these days good people are more likely to jump ship, rather than wait around for some arbitrary rule to kick in.
An employee's manager should have the freedom to decide when an employee is ready for a promotion or would perform better in a different role.
Ridiculous requirements for attendance, leave, and time off. People are salaried for the work they do, not the specific hours they sit at their desks. When you ding salaried employees for showing up five minutes late even though they routinely stay late and put in time on the weekend, you send the message that policies take precedence over performance. It reeks of distrust, and you should never put someone on salary that you don't trust.
When companies are unnecessarily strict in requiring documentation for bereavement and medical leave, it leaves a sour taste in the mouths of employees who deserve better. After all, if you have employees who will fake a death to miss a day's work, what does that say about your company?
Shutting down self-expression. Many organizations control what people can have at their desks. A life-size poster of a shirtless Fabio? I get it; that's a problem. But employers dictate how many photographs people can display, whether or not they can use a water bottle, and how many items they're allowed to place on their desks. Once again, it's the ol' “If I could just hire robots I wouldn't have this problem” approach.
The same goes for dress codes. They work well in private high schools, but they're unnecessary at work. Hire professionals and they'll dress professionally. When someone crosses the line, their manager needs to have the skill to address the issue directly. Otherwise, you're making everyone wish they worked somewhere else because management is too inept to handle touchy subjects effectively.
Restricting internet use. There are certain sites that no one should be visiting at work, and I'm not talking about Facebook. But once you block pornography and the other obvious stuff, it's a difficult and arbitrary process deciding where to draw the line.
Most companies draw it in the wrong place.
People should be able to kill time on the Internet during breaks. When companies unnecessarily restrict people's Internet activity, it does more than demoralize those that can't check Facebook; it limits people's ability to do their jobs. Many companies restrict Internet activity so heavily that it makes it difficult for people to do online research. The most obvious example? Checking the Facebook profile of someone you just interviewed.
Bell curves and forced rankings of performance. Some individual talents follow a natural bell-shaped curve, but job performance does not. When you force employees to fit into a pre-determined ranking system, you do three things: 1) incorrectly evaluate people's performance, 2) make everyone feel like a number, and 3) create insecurity and dissatisfaction when performing employees fear that they'll be fired due to the forced system. This is yet another example of a lazy policy that avoids the hard and necessary work of evaluating each individual objectively, based on his or her merits.
Banning mobile phones. If I ban mobile phones in the office, no one will waste time texting and talking to family and friends, right? Ya, right. Organizations need to do the difficult work of hiring people who are trustworthy and who won't take advantage of things. They also need to train managers to deal effectively with employees who underperform and/or violate expectations (such as spending too much time on their phones). This is also hard work, but it's worth it. The easy, knee-jerk alternative (banning phones) demoralizes good employees who need to check their phones periodically due to pressing family or health issues or as an appropriate break from work.
Stealing employees' frequent-flyer miles. If there's one thing that road-weary traveling employees earn, it's their frequent flier miles. When employers don't let people keep their miles for personal use, it's a greedy move that fuels resentment with every flight. Work travel is a major sacrifice of time, energy, and sanity. Taking employees' miles sends the message that you don't appreciate their sacrifice and that you'll hold on to every last dollar at their expense.
Draconian e-mail policies. This is a newer one that's already moving down a slippery slope. Some companies are getting so restrictive with e-mail use that employees must select from a list of pre-approved topics before the e-mail software will allow them to send a message.
Again, it's about trust. If you don't trust your people to use e-mail properly, why did you hire them in the first place? In trying to rein in the bad guys, you make everyone miserable every time they send an e-mail. And guess what? The bad guys are the ones who will find ways to get around any system you put in place.
Limiting bathroom breaks. If you're going to limit people's trips to the bathroom, you might as well come out and tell them that you wish they were a bunch of robots. When you limit basic personal freedoms by counting people's trips to the bathroom, they start counting their days at the company. The day you have to bring in a doctor's note to prove that you warrant additional trips to the bathroom is the day you need to find another job.
Pathetic attempts at political correctness. Maintaining high standards for how people treat each other is a wonderful thing as we live in a world that's rife with animosity and discrimination. Still employers have to know where to draw the line. Going on a witch-hunt because someone says “Bless you” to another employee that sneezed (real example) creates an environment of paranoia and stifled self-expression, without improving how people treat each other.
Bringing It All Together
If companies can rethink their policies and remove or alter those that are unnecessary or demoralizing, we'll all have a more enjoyable and productive time at work.
What other policies drive you bananas? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below as I learn just as much from you as you do from me.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR:
Dr. Travis Bradberry is the award-winning co-author of the #1 bestselling book, Emotional Intelligence 2.0, and the cofounder of TalentSmart, the world's leading provider of emotional intelligence tests and training, serving more than 75% of Fortune 500 companies. His bestselling books have been translated into 25 languages and are available in more than 150 countries. Dr. Bradberry has written for, or been covered by, Newsweek, TIME, BusinessWeek, Fortune, Forbes, Fast Company, Inc., USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and The Harvard Business Review.
If you'd like to learn how to increase your emotional intelligence (EQ), consider taking the online Emotional Intelligence Appraisal® test that's included with the Emotional Intelligence 2.0 book. Your test results will pinpoint which of the book's 66 emotional intelligence strategies will increase your EQ the most.
There are many approaches investors use to time the market. However only valuation analysis has been proven to work in the long run. Were going to explore how and why valuation analysis is the best approach to time the market.
Time the Market Discussion
Momentum investors time the market based on technical indicators. Many will use charts, trends, moving averages, cycle theory, etc. to time the market.
I have no problem with using technical analysis in partnership with fundamental analysis. It makes sense to use every tool we have available to lower risk. However, technical analysis without fundamental analysis is just speculation, not sound investing.
The buy and hold strategy advocates claim you can't time the market. They argue that many investors crash and burn trying to time the market (which is true!).
Although many of their arguments are valid, I contend that most are doing it incorrectly. Any good financial concept can produce poor results if done improperly.
Regular readers of the AAAMP Value Blog know I put an emphasis on the fact that price matters! Investment decisions should be made with valuation the primary factor. That is a form of market timing I call valuation analysis timing.
The Catholic Centre Party (Portuguese: Partido do Centro Católico, PCC) was a political party in Portugal.
History [ edit ]
The party was established in Braga on 8 August 1915. It won a single seat in both the House of Representatives and the Senate in the 1915 parliamentary elections.[1] The 1918 elections were boycotted by the three largest parties, and saw the PCC win five House seats and retain its seat in the Senate.[1]
The party was reduced back to a single seat in both chambers in the 1919 elections, but won three seats in both chambers in the 1921 elections. Although it was reduced to a single Senate seat in the 1922 elections, the PCC won five seats in the House. The 1925 elections saw the party retain its Senate seat and win four seats in the House.[1]
Injuries complicated work at the Fukushima nuclear plant [Al Jazeera]
The death toll from the huge earthquake and tsunami that devastated Japan's north-east coast has now topped 10,000, officials have announced.
At least 17,400 people are still missing, said the National Police Agency, two weeks after the disasters triggered further emergencies after damaging the cooling system at a nuclear power plant.
Work has now recommenced in parts of the stricken Fukushima plant which were evacuated after three workers were injured with suspected radiation burns on Thursday.
But a suspected reactor breach - a rupture in a crucial containment vessel for nuclear fuel - may set back any progress achieved in recent days.
"It seems that somehow the containment function could have been compromised somewhat, but we don't know more than that at the moment,' said Hidehiko Nishiyama, of the country's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency.
Officials later scaled back the likelihood of a reactor core breach.
A further two workers were taken on Friday morning to a specialist radiological institute after radiation-contaminated water seeped over the top of their protective boots, said the Associated Press news agency.
"The radiation level of the water which affected the injured is 10,000 times higher than the usual level," added Nishiyama.
It is understood that two of the reactors at the nuclear complex, 240km north of Tokyo, are now regarded as "safe" in what is termed a "cold shutdown". The other four reactors at the plant remain volatile, belching smoke and steam as work continues to cool fuel rods.
Click here to follow Al Jazeera's special coverage
The United States is shipping 2million litres of fresh water in a pair of barges to the plant. Workers had been pumping seawater into the reactors to lower temperatures and avert meltdowns, but there are concerns that, as the water boils off, salt is left behind - coating the mixed oxide fuel rods and preventing them from being efficiently cooled.
Poisoning fears
China's customs authorities told Reuters on Friday that two Japanese travellers entering China were found to have radiation levels "seriously exceeding limits". The pair were given medical treatment and presented no risk to others, said officials.
The report followed news of bottled water shortages after panic buying broke out in cities across Japan, as "higher than normal" levels of radiation were this week found in tap water near Tokyo.
But radiation levels have returned to normal, said officials, as Tokyo's governor drank a glass of water in front of cameras at a press conference outside a water purifying plant.
Singapore, Australia, The Philippines and Taiwan have joined the US and Hong Kong in restricting food and milk imports from the zone around the crippled nuclear power plant.
German shipping companies were reportedly avoiding the Tokyo Bay area ports due to radiation fears, as shipping industry officials said the country could face supply chain bottlenecks as vessels get diverted.
Yet ports in Tokyo, Yokohama, Kawasaki and Ichikawa are "very safe", said Japan's transport ministry on Friday. Transport officials added that all 15 ports damaged by the earthquake and tsunami are now operational for recovery and reconstruction efforts.
Naoto Kan, the Japanese prime minister, will today address the nation to mark the two week anniversary of the disasters.
By Simon Hradecky, created Friday, Jul 8th 2016 20:26Z, last updated Saturday, May 27th 2017 16:56Z A Delta Air Lines Airbus A320-200, registration N333NW performing flight DL-2845 from Minneapolis,MN to Rapid City Regional Airport,SD (USA) with 130 passengers, was on approach to Rapid City Regional Airport's [ICAO: KRAP] runway 14 but aligned with Rapid City's Ellsworth Air Force Base's runway 13 and landed safely on the runway of the Air Force Base.
The aircraft remained on the ground for about 2.5 hours, then performed the short hop of about 6nm from Ellsworth [KRCA] to Regional Airport.
The NTSB announced they are investigating the occurrence, when the A320 landed at Ellsworth AFB instead of Rapid City Regional Airport.
The airline confirmed their aircraft mistakenly landed at Ellsworth Air Force Base. The aircraft later positioned to Regional Airport arriving there with a delay of 3:10 hours. The crew has been suspended pending internal investigation by Delta and pending investigation by NTSB.
On May 27th 2017 the NTSB released their final report concluding the probable cause of the incident was:
The flight crew's misidentification of the desired landing runway due to excess altitude requiring an extended downwind, and failure to use all available navigation information.
The NTSB reported that the flight crew had briefed for an approach to Rapid City's runway 32, however, the wind shifted and favoured runway 14, which on the other hand required more track miles to lose altitude, the crew discussed the necessity to descend more rapidly. The aircraft was not altitude restricted by ATC. The aircraft was vectored onto downwind about 9nm abeam the Rapid City Regional Aerodrome at 12,000 feet (aerodrome elevation at 3,200 feet), with an estimated remaining flying distance of 15-18nm the aircraft was thus well above the usual 300 feet/nm descent. The controller noticed the aircraft was high and fast on approach.
The captain called the airport in sight, at that point the Regional Aerodrome was at their 8 o'clock position and Ellsworth Air Base at their 10 o'clock position, and instructed gear down and flaps one configuring the aircraft for a more expeditious descent. The NTSB analysed that it was likely the captain was actually looking at Ellsworth Air Base.
A short time later ATC provided a vector for the base leg, the crew however requested to extend the downwind due to high altitude, which ATC approved.
Descending through 5800 feet the crew accepted a base vector, at that time about 5.5nm north of Ellsworth and about 12 north of Regional (RAP). The NTSB analysed that this was consistent with the RNP14 Procedure into Regional, but required a steeper descent into Ellsworth (RCA).
ATC cleared the flight for "visual approach runway one-four. Use caution for Ellsworth Air Force Base located six miles northwest of Rapid City Regional." The NTSB wrote: "During interviews, the crew stated they misheard the controller's warning for the typical position advisory given on an instrument approach, and it supported their idea that the correct landing runway was 6 miles away. The FO did query the Captain if he had the right airport in sight, who expressed some uncertainty. Both crewmembers had little to no experience flying into either RAP or RCA, however, they did not verify their position to the desired landing runway using either the automation, or by querying ATC; and switched off the autopilot and Flight Directors removing possible cues as to their position related to RAP."
The NTSB concluded the report:
At the time ATC cleared the flight for the visual approach the airplane was positioned on the final approach course of the RNAV14 approach, and at a reasonable altitude for that approach, therefore, there was no immediate indication to ATC that the crew had identified the wrong airport.
Shortly after, the captain increased the descent rate as high as 1,200 feet per minute, resulting in an unstable approach as he was focused on the wrong landing runway. The crew realized the mistake just prior to touchdown, but considered it was safer to complete the landing at that point.
Metars:
KRAP 080352Z 24005KT 10SM CLR 18/08 A3001 RMK AO2 SLP144 T01780083
KRAP 080252Z 12003KT 10SM CLR 19/10 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP135 T01890100 53007
KRAP 080152Z 15003KT 10SM CLR 22/11 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP130 T02220106
KRAP 080052Z 17003KT 10SM CLR 24/08 A2996 RMK AO2 SLP125 T02440078
KRAP 072352Z VRB04KT 10SM CLR 24/08 A2996 RMK AO2 SLP125 T02440078 10256 20217 58006
KRAP 072252Z 05004KT 10SM CLR 25/07 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP127 T02500072
KRAP 072152Z VRB05KT 10SM CLR 26/08 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP127 T02560078
http://flightaware.com/live/flight/DAL2845/history/20160708/0111Z/KMSP/KRAP
Map (Graphics: AVH/Google Earth):
A new idea about the origin of complex life turns current theories inside out. In the open access journal BMC Biology, cousins Buzz and David Baum explain their 'inside-out' theory of how eukaryotic cells, which all multicellular life - including us - are formed of, might have evolved.
Scientists have long pondered the question of how simple "prokaryotic" cells, like bacteria, which are little more than a membrane-bound sack, evolved into more complex eukaryotic cells, which contain numerous internal membrane compartments. These compartments include the nucleus, which holds genetic information in the form of DNA; the endoplasmic reticulum, which shunts proteins and lipids around the cell; and mitochondria which act as the cell's powerhouse. The mitochondria also contain their own distinct DNA, which is one good indicator of their once having been separate organisms. The trouble is that no one has identified eukaryotic cells that are intermediate in complexity, making it much harder to know how they evolved.
At present, the most widely accepted theory is that mitochondria derive from a bacterium that was engulfed by an archaeon (plural = archaea), a kind of prokaryote that looks similar to a bacterium but has many molecular differences. The eukaryotic membrane systems, including the nuclear envelope, then formed within the boundaries of this archaeal cell through the invagination of the outer membrane. This fits with much current data, but a few problems remain. Most significantly, no archaeal cells are known that invaginate membranes.
Furthermore, it seems unlikely that mitochondria were engulfed since engulfing food requires a lot of energy, which in eukaryotes is provided by mitochondria, and engulfment likely also requires mitochondrial-derived lipids.
David Baum, University of Wisconsin, says: "All agree that eukaryotes arose from a symbiotic relationship between two cell types: bacteria that became mitochondria and a host cell, archaea, or a close relative of archaea, that became the cytoplasm and nucleus. This symbiosis explains the origin of mitochondria, but what about other eukaryotic structures, most notably the nucleus?"
The Baums' inside-out theory provides a gradual path by which eukaryotic cells could have evolved. The first stage began with a bacterial cell whose outer membrane forms protrusions, which the Baums call 'blebs', that reached out from the cell. These protrusions trapped free-living mitochondria-like bacteria between them. Using the energy gained from being in close contact with bacteria (and using bacterial-derived lipids), cells were able to get bigger and expand the size of their blebs.
The sides of the blebs formed the endoplasmic reticulum and their inner surfaces formed the outer membrane of the nucleus, with the original outer membrane of the archaeon becoming what we now call the inner nuclear membrane. Finally, the fusion of blebs with one another led to the formation of the plasma membrane. The result was the eukaryotic cell as we now know it. This inside-out theory is explained in more detail using a diagram in the research article (see notes to editors).
David Baum explains the differences between the outside-in and inside-out theories using a metaphor: "A prokaryotic cell can be thought of as a factory composed of one large, open building in which managers, machinists, mail clerks, janitors, etc. all work side by side. In contrast, a eukaryotic cell is like a factory complex, composed of a several connected work spaces: a single control room and specialize rooms for receiving, manufacturing, shipping, waste disposal, etc. The traditional theories propose that the factory complex arose when partitions were built within a single hangar-like building. The inside-out theory, in contrast, imagines that a series of extensions were added around an original core building - now the control room - while others functions moved out into new, specialized quarters."
The inside-out theory is radically different from all existing theories because the action in building the eukaryotic cell is outside the boundaries of the ancestral cell. As David Baum, who came up with an outline of the model 30 years ago, when still an undergraduate, noted: "The inside-out model ought to be an obvious alternative to the outside-in models, but maybe you have to be a naive undergraduate to consider such an inverted perspective."
We can't know how these very early evolutionary steps occurred, but we can look at current processes for inspiration. The Baums use some examples of modern archaea that produce bleb-like protrusions to support the credibility of their ideas, and draw on many common features of eukaryotes that are easily explained by the inside-out model.
Like any good scientific theory, the inside-out model leads to predictions that can be tested in modern cells. The Baums hope, therefore, that their theory will stimulate empirical research, since there is still a lot that it is not known about the biology of prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Commenting on the inside-out theory Miranda Robertson, Editor of BMC Biology, says: "Not everyone is going to be convinced by this theory - any reconstruction of events in a past as far distant as the origin of eukaryotes is going to have areas of uncertainty which it would be futile to try and fill in. But a theory doesn't have to be right to be useful, if it provokes people to think. And to test it."
Buzz Baum, University College London, says: "Even if the hypothesis or parts of it are refuted, we are optimistic that the effort to evaluate it will spawn new cell biological discoveries and, in so doing, will improve our understanding of biology of eukaryotic cells as they grow and divide. Although students studying cell biology may come to think that it's too late for them to contribute to a field where almost everything is known, this simply isn't the case. As the model helps to make clear, there is still much to be discovered about the basic logic of eukaryotic cell organisation."
###
Media Contact
Shane Canning
Media Officer
BioMed Central
T: +44 (0)20 3192 2243
M: +44 (0)78 2598 4543
E: shane.canning@biomedcentral.com
Notes to Editor
1. Research
An inside-out origin for the eukaryotic cell
David A Baum and Buzz Baum
BMC Biology 2014, 12:76
For a copy of the paper during the embargo period please contact Shane Canning (shane.canning@biomedcentral.com)
After embargo, article available at journal website here: http://www. biomedcentral. com/ 1741-7007/ 12/ 76
Please name the journal in any story you write. If you are writing for the web, please link to the article. All articles are available free of charge, according to BioMed Central's open access policy.
2. BMC Biology is the flagship biology journal of the BMC series, publishing peer-reviewed research and methodology articles of special importance and broad interest in any area of biology, as well as commissioned reviews, opinion pieces, comment and Q&As on topics of special or topical interest.
3. BioMed Central is an STM (Science, Technology and Medicine) publisher which has pioneered the open access publishing model. All peer-reviewed research articles published by BioMed Central are made immediately and freely accessible online, and are licensed to allow redistribution and reuse. BioMed Central is part of Springer Science+Business Media, a leading global publisher in the STM sector.
We're Glad NeoGAF Is Dead (And You Should Be Too)
An internet mainstay is dying. After another sexual misconduct incident, NeoGAF is nearing the end. The forum, which has existed since it launched in 1999 back as the Gaming-Age Forums, is surely drawing a close. And frankly, this could be for the absolute best. While NeoGAF has been an influential and informative hub for years, it has also been a hotbed of controversy and poor behavior. We don't need it. The downfall of this former pillar of the community could lead to better things. First, a refresher of what has happened as of late. Tyler “Evilore” Malka was accused of sexual misconduct by a woman who said he got into her shower uninvited while she was bathing the weekend of October 21, 2017. This is not the first time Malka has been associated with such distasteful behavior, with another incident occurring in 2012 where he talked about sexually assaulting a woman while on a trip to Spain. There were also instances where Malka would ban accounts of people who called him out for his behavior or retaliate against people. This time, his despicable behavior wasn't ignored. Mods resigned, people revolted, and NeoGAF essentially crashed and burned to the ground. The forum is back online now, but is a shell of its former self, and a statement issued by Malka that some (myself included) would consider narcissistic.
Not that any of this is surprising. While there were good people posting at NeoGAF, folks both in and out of the industry with insightful and interesting things to say, the forum was often tainted by less reputable members. In 2015, a mod named Opiate was removed for sexual misconduct and pedophilic behavior. In 2017, Christopher “Amir0x” was arrested for child pornography. You could regularly find homophobic, racist, and vile posts on the forum. Worse, there would be instances where mods would cover for one another, tolerate such behaviors, and indiscriminately ban users. The good news is, we don't need to worry about NeoGAF anymore. Partially, because it is now dead in the water. But also, because we outgrew it years ago. The only reason most people visited the forum was for industry insight and hot takes directly from those in the game industry. But, over the last few years, we've found so many better ways to get such information and interact with one another. Ways where there isn't petty drama, it is possible to avoid toxic behaviors, and we can still get important information from major players.
Today HP is announcing some updates to their OMEN lineup, which is their gaming brand. Gaming is still a high-margin segment of the PC space, so there is quite a bit of competition in this segment, and the more traditional PC makers like HP certainly want their piece of the pie. HP is no stranger to gaming PCs, and the OMEN lineup is the legacy of their acquisition of VoodooPC way back in 2006.
The first announcement is the OMEN X Compact Desktop, which is a pretty interesting take on the small form factor desktop. There are a lot of advantages to smaller desktops, especially if you're the type of person who needs to transport it from time to time, and with the latest CPUs and GPUs, you can fit a lot of compute into a small device now. HP has packed the OMEN X with a factory overclocked NVIDIA GTX 1080 GPU, and quad-core Intel 7th generation CPU, and the CPU options include unlocked models. HP says there is extra thermal headroom to allow end-users to overclock the system on their own. The interesting design twist though is that the compact desktop comes with an included docking station, and it offers hot-swappable batteries. HP is selling a backpack accessory to allow the OMEN X to be used as a portable, standalone VR system, and the docking station would allow you to quickly undock it from the normal desktop with keyboard, mouse, and display, and hook it up to the backpack. I'm not quite sure VR has taken off the way people hoped or expected, but regardless, this is a pretty nifty design, and the cooling system has been designed to exhaust the hot air away from the body, so the VR take on this desktop is not an afterthought. The OMEN X will be available in July starting at $2499, and the HP Backpack starts at $600.
For those that want a more traditional desktop experience, with the capability to upgrade later with standard PC parts, HP is also offering the new OMEN by HP desktop. It can be outfitted with up to two graphics cards, and HP is offering both NVIDIA and AMD offerings. The NVIDIA side can go up to SLI GTX 1080 Ti cards, and if you go with AMD you can get up to a Crossfire Radeon RX 580 setup. On the CPU side, HP is offering both Intel Core i5 and i7 desktop CPUs, including unlocked models, as well as AMD Ryzen CPUs which is great to see. Keeping everything cool is an optional liquid cooling setup. HP is also going all-in on the storage with PCIe SSDs, or SSDs plus HDDs for extra storage. The OMEN desktop is available today, starting at $900.
HP's OMEN laptops are also getting a refresh, with both the OMEN 15 and OMEN 17 getting a refresh. Although on the desktop HP is offering AMD Ryzen, the mobile chips from AMD are not yet available, so HP is sticking with 7th generation Intel Core CPUs, but they are offering both AMD and NVIDIA options on the GPU. The OMEN 15 can be configured with up to a Radeon RX 550, or NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 with Max Q. The larger OMEN 17 can be configured with up to a Radeon RX 580 or GeForce GTX 1070. There will be an optional UHD display with a 60 Hz refresh, or a 120 Hz FHD G-SYNC choice on the NVIDIA model, or a 60 Hz FHD FreeSync panel on the AMD model. HP is touting the ease of access to the HDD, SSD, and RAM, if you need to expand any of those. The OMEN 15 will be available on June 28th starting at $999.99, and the OMEN 17 starts at $1099.99.
HP is also announcing an external graphics docking station called the OMEN by HP Accelerator. Unlike some of the other options on the market, HP will be offering it as a preconfigured option with either AMD or NVIDIA graphics, and it is configurable with a 2.5” 1 TB HDD, or 256 GB SSD, or just the empty enclosure with a 500 W power supply. Since it connects over USB-C Thunderbolt 3, it will allow single-cable docking with charging for the laptop as well over the single cable, and the dock includes four USB 3.0 ports and 1 USB 3.1 Type-C port, along with Ethernet. The OMEN by HP Accelerator will be available in August, starting at $299.99.
HP is also announcing a pair of OMEN branded displays, with the OMEN by HP 25, and the OMEN by HP 27. The 25-inch model is a 1920x1080 panel with a 144 Hz refresh rate, and it allows panel overclocking. It features AMD FreeSync as well. The larger 27-inch model is a 2560x1440 resolution with a 165 Hz refresh rate, and it can be overclocked as well. The 27 features NVIDIA G-SYNC technology. Both appear to be TN panels, which still offer the highest refresh rate, even if the image reproduction suffers compared to IPS panels. The OMEN 25 display will be available June 26 for $279.99, and the OMEN 27 will be available June 8 for $799.99.
Source: HP
HARRISON, N.J. – New York Red Bulls coach Jesse Marsch did lots of talking leading up to Sunday's New York Derby match with New York City FC, wondering aloud if referees favor NYCFC's trio of international stars. MLS Commissioner Don Garber fined Marsch for his remarks.
After the match, a 4-1 Red Bulls victory, it was NYCFC coach Patrick Vieira's time to do some talking. During the postgame press conference, the first-year manager had some pointed words for Marsch, referee Mark Geiger, and the entire officiating crew, suggesting that Marsch's comments during the week influenced the referee.
"I think today [Geiger] made more decisions in favor of the Red Bulls because the manager has been crying all the week. At the end, [Marsch] got what he wanted. . . . It didn't just happen like that. This is a plan, this is a way I think [Marsch] wanted to go for. He got fined for it, which means he did something wrong. You can accept it or not, but that had an impact on the referee's decisions. It's as simple as that.”
Vieira's frustrations surfaced early on in the match, after several tight offside calls did not go NYCFC's way and the Red Bulls mounted a 2-0 lead. Vieira was sent from the touchline during the mandated first-half hydration break after leaving his technical area to yell at Geiger and fourth official Jose Carlos Rivero. He also exchanged a few words with Marsch before walking through the tunnel.
Vieira said NYCFC didn't address Marsch's comments during the week because “this is not the way we want to do things.”
“We have the full respect of the referee. We do understand that sometimes decisions are difficult to make from the referee,” Vieira said. “One day, it's for us and one day it's against us. We understand it and we respect it. Some people don't and they prefer to cry openly. . . . It worked for them this time.”
Marsch clearly saw the officiating crews' performance differently.
“I thought Geiger was fantastic, and that's not just because we won and not just because I said something in the press,” he said. “I think he had a very good clean game, where there really weren't many mystery calls or doubts or where things were going. There was one that maybe deflected out for a corner or maybe a foul, a little ticky-tack foul here and there, but it's hard to argue with that performance. I think it's maybe the best that we've seen of the year.”
Regarding Vieira himself, Marsch said his counterpart didn't say anything to him as he headed down the tunnel in the first half or after the game.
“He didn't want to shake my hand in the hallway,” Marsch said. “But I've seen this from him after the game before. It's not a problem. I'm going to focus on us. I think the game was decided by players and in every way our players put a big imprint on the game.”
During the press conference, Vieira was asked about the apparent tension between the two coaches.
"We are completely different as a person and as a character," Vieira said. "He's acting one way and I'm acting a different way. This is part of the derby. He wants to win. I want to win. Sometimes there's tension. I think there are two different clubs acting in different ways. This is part of the derby."
This ‘Proud to be British' hoodie hasn't quite nailed it.
Grammar pedants look away now because this might smart a little.
The hoodie for children by Diverse Commerce, which is currently on sale on Amazon for £29.99, is missing that vital apostrophe, rather undermining the point we think it's trying to make.
While the brand does stock a wide range of joke T-shirts online, it's unclear whether this is an error, a reflection on the declining state of our once great nation, or a late entry for this year's best Halloween costume.
It has actually been available to purchase online for almost a year but was spotted yesterday by the Huffington Post and has since attracted some entertaining customer reviews.
There's this from JD: ‘Grate for waring on foreign holidays so everyone nows your from Engerland and are better then them.'
This from Michael Haggart: ‘AS A PROUD NATIONALISTS WHO CAN ONLY TYPE IN ALL CAPS IM SO GLAD THAT FINALLY THERE IS A HOODIE THAT USES THE SAME KINDS OF SPELLING MISTAKES THAT I USE WHEN RANTING AT GROSS LEFTIES AND MUSLAMICS ON FACEBOOK.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
And this wry observation from Pete: ‘Finally, a product for people who love England but don't love English.'
Snap one up for Halloween and terrify English language lovers everywhere.
Advertisement Advertisement
The cost of the plastic box under your television has risen 185% while computers and cellphones have dropped 90%. Regulators think it's time for change
The cable box, that ugly plastic contraption that squats under your TV, is under threat.
At present, almost every US household that wants to descramble digital cable signals and send them to the television needs one of those boxes. And they don't come free – they're about $7.43 per month. Not a living wage, certainly, but probably more than the box deserves for sitting there and unenthusiastically displaying the channel number, and occasionally recording the new X-Files.
Though the box refuses to pull its weight around the home, it costs an average of $231 annually in added charges (mean number of TVs in American homes: 2.6). Customers pay an additional $20bn annually to cable companies just to lease those devices, according to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Now, as the FCC continues its hot streak of investigating exorbitant charges on your cable and phone bills, all that may change with a new proposed rule that would allow third parties to build cable boxes.
This week the regulator will discuss forcing cable operators to make the specifications for their devices public and license their copy-protection software at reasonable rates so that third parties can make cable boxes of their own.
Under chairman Tom Wheeler, the FCC has emerged as something of a consumer champion. And once again the industry he regulates, and its financial analysts, are not especially enthusiastic about his plans.
How an army of internet activists challenged Big Cable and won again Read more
“I also don't know whether it's possible to do this, notwithstanding the FCC's protests to the contrary, without violating all kinds of terms and conditions in carriage agreements,” said Craig Moffett, an industry analyst with MoffettNathanson.
Contracts between networks and cable operators are fiendishly complicated – will the channel be within five clicks of a broadcast network? Will it have a channel number lower than 30? These may seem like minor details but they're worth billions to TV makers. And the contracts are with cable providers, not third-party box builders: if someone makes a box that allows a user to group several favorite channels together, it's probably Comcast or Time Warner Cable that gets sued.
Moffett said he understood the FCC's interest in excessive fees but that he wasn't convinced the new rule could hold up in court. “There are lots of different ways to skin that cat, but this is an awfully extreme proposal,” he said. “There'll be some pretty staunch lobbying to prevent this from becoming law; if it does, it'll almost certainly end up in the courts and it's hard to give it more than a 50/50 shot.”
Welcome to Kabletown
Cable boxes weren't always a necessary part of the setup, but the FCC allowed the device to become mandatory recently, initially to avoid piracy. The cable companies immediately founded a cottage industry in manufacturing and leasing the only devices that could decode those signals. Now, with a cable box mandatory for anyone who wants to watch TV in the most populous parts of the country (some rural areas still don't require one), the cable companies started charging ever-higher rates to “rent” the cable box each month.
But in the four years since encrypting cable signals became legal, almost everything about TV consumption has changed. Cable companies compete with streaming video, fiber-optic networks and satellite service, and one way they compete is with their interfaces. “Comcast has, famously, 1,100 engineers working on the user experience,” said Moffett. “The FCC is effectively saying: ‘We won't allow that to be a basis of competition.'”
The FCC says the industry is holding technology back because they're happy with the status quo. “[C]onsumers should be able to have the choice of accessing programming through the MVPD [cable-company]-provided interface on a pay-TV set-top box or app, or through devices such as a tablet or smart TV using a competitive app or software,” the commissioners wrote in the proposed rulemaking. “MVPDs and competitors should be able to differentiate themselves and compete based on the experience they offer users, including the quality of the user interface.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Time Warner Cable technician, Gary Duval, shows the equipment he keeps in his truck before a customer visit in New York. Photograph: Tali Arbel/AP
If cable providers had simply sold consumers the box, they probably could have avoided the whole mess, or at least much of it. A functionally similar device like a wireless router tops out at retail at about $160 for a really high-end model; a consumer who's had cable since 2011 has paid $1,160 for a device that makes it possible to watch television already paid for separately – and that consumer still doesn't own the device.
‘It doesn't have to be this way'
There are more reasons than cash on the barrelhead for Time Warner, Comcast, Charter and others to love the cable box: it logs everything you do with your TV and makes that information available to the companies selling you your TV.
The rulemaking probably won't affect that capacity – it's likely to be part of the software cable outfits are required to license out, should the rulemaking pass – but it would almost certainly allow the companies that make the hypothetical new devices a look at the same information.
This data is especially useful in the case of Comcast, which also owns NBCUniversal (which in turn owns NBC and a large suite of cable channels): it can not only see your viewing habits, it can cross-reference that information with purchase information (loyalty cards, movie ticket purchases) and sell ads more intelligently.
The industry is leery of creeping out consumers with advertiser data – Andrew Ward of Comcast Media 360 emphasized that the companies “only use data in an anonymized, unidentifiable way” when the program launched in 2014. But the fact remains that user info is valuable, and if the FCC tries to interfere with the collection apparatus, cable companies will kick back.
They're already preparing: the industry is anxious to cast any potential rulemaking around cable boxes as a top-down mandate stifling organic, capitalist innovation. “We believe that, generally speaking, in a dynamic environment that's rapidly changing, technology mandates just don't work very well,” Neil Smit, CEO of Comcast Cable, told shareholders last week. “It appears to me that this is an attempt to create regulation that is really unnecessary given the advances that have been made driven by marketplace forces,” said Rob Marcus, CEO of Time Warner Cable.
Time Warner in particular is expanding its cable box requirements into ever-more-rural areas. Hudson Valley consumers were recently warned that as of 15 March they wouldn't be able to simply plug the cable into their TVs any more.
Wheeler was blunt in his assessment of whether market forces were truly driving up the cost of cable box leases. “[A]ccording to a recent analysis, over the past 20 years, the cost of cable set-top boxes has risen 185% while the cost of computers, televisions and mobile phones has dropped by 90%,” wrote Wheeler.
“It doesn't have to be this way.”
My Problem
My Xbox 360 Elite (Original not Slim) had been Red Ringed for YEARS, and Destiny 2 was coming out soon and I hadn't played the expansions I bought for the first one yet. I also didn't even think to check out iFixit (even though I knew about them for years) until recently just out of curiosity. There were a few sets left at the time, so I figured to give it a go. I also wanted to potentially sell my 360 when Project Scorpio came out (or in general), even though it's only $20 bucks credit at GameStop.
My Fix
The Repair was incredibly frustrating for me, but my case is unique. Quite literally, my case on my 360 was damaged from trying to open it prior without the appropriate tools, so with broken/missing clips, it made the removal of the case incredibly difficult (arguably the hardest part for me). I completed everything except the heat sink posts and put it back together. I didn't reflow the motherboard, nor attach the heat sinks the first time because I didn't have a heat gun, and the tool they provided to remove the bolts on the heatsink wasn't strong enough. After putting the console back together, I received another RRoD error code (one undefinable when searching online).
so I took it apart again, reattached the heatsink (again with the old posts), new thermal paste again, and put it all back together....Same issue. So, after a few days of frustratingly taking my console apart (breaking the case more and more everytime) I decided to finally invest and get an adjustable wrench, and a minature blowtorch (with a heat gun add-on). I reflowed the motherboard (of okay quality (messed up once, but no real damage)) and tried my hand at the heat sink posts again. The wrench was able to successfully remove the heatsink posts, and I was on my way....until...
The new heatsink posts somehow needed to put 8 washers (2x4) on top of the 4 screws which are inserted into the motherboard before placing the heatsink onto those screws. If that sounds confusing and/or difficult, you're right. I got so much thermal compound on me from trying to put that together, and failing multiple times. It could've gone easier if I had another person with me. But, after many trials and tribulations, I got both heatsinks on with the new posts. I put back together the console and angrily connected everything, saying "IF THIS DOESN'T WORK, I'm F*ING DONE"...and VOILA!!! IT WORKED! AFTER 3 YEARS! FINALLY WORKED! Got Network Settings, Xbox Live, and Destiny (with SO many updates) up and running almost no problem!
My Advice
The provided heat sink posts are IMPORTANT. Every step they give you is important. Don't skip out on anything. If you need additional tools, then get them, because it will work. Even if some steps can be a lot more difficult than others (which isn't necessarily described nor shown in the manual.)
USA Afghanistan Albania Algeria Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Belize Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Cambodia Cameroon Canada Caribbean Chile China Colombia Congo [DRC] Costa Rica Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Greenland Guatemala Haiti Honduras Hong Kong SAR Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao PDR Latin America Latvia Lebanon Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR Macedonia (Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Myanmar Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Principality of Monaco Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro (Former) Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan U.A.E. Ukraine United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan Vietnam Yemen Zimbabwe
Emanuel accused of stonewalling red-light and speed cam claims
Karen Finley, former CEO of Redflex Traffic Systems, was sentenced Thursday to 30 months in prison for enabling a massive bribery scheme at the heart of Chicago's red-light camera program. | Associated Press
Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration was accused Wednesday of stonewalling discovery in a high-stakes lawsuit with the potential to force cash-strapped Chicago to refund $200 million in fines and late fees paid by motorists denied due process after receiving red-light camera and speed camera tickets.
Attorney Jacie Zolna said City Hall is trying to “delay the inevitable” by refusing to make a “corporate representative” available for a deposition in the high-stakes case.
The city has further refused to turn over “basic” information about how many red-light and speed camera tickets have been issued; how much money the city has collected from those citations; and how much of it is subject to be refunded after motorists were denied their constitutional right to due process, Zolna said.
Earlier this year, a Circuit Court judge accused City Hall of violating the “fundamental principles of justice, equity and good conscience” by issuing thousands of red-light and speed camera tickets. The motorists who sued alleged they were denied due process because they were not given a second notice of their violations.
Technically, Circuit Judge Kathleen Kennedy simply rejected the city's motion to to dismiss the case and kept alive a lawsuit Zolna filed on behalf of three ticketed motorists.
But the wording of her ruling was so strong there is little doubt thousands of red-light and speed camera tickets issued since 2003 will ultimately be nullified, potentially forcing the city to refund hundreds of millions of dollars in fines and penalties already paid.
“The second notice provision is designed to protect a non-responding violator's right to contest a violation before determination of liability issues. This right is generally injured by a directory reading,” the ruling stated.
“Therefore, the term ‘shall' means mandatory in the second notice provisions. . . . Because the second notice requirement at issue is mandatory under the [municipal code of Chicago], the determinations of liability are void and subject to collateral attack.”
Kennedy ruled that the three named plaintiffs in the case — Delyn McKenzie-Lopez, Themasha Simpson and Erica Lieschke — had “sufficiently alleged facts showing that the city's retention of payments from determinations made without a second notice violates the fundamental principles of justice, equity and good conscience.”
“The alleged practice of accelerating late fees without statutory compliance is sufficient to show a violation of the fundamental principles of justice, equity and good conscience,” the judge wrote.
Armed with that ruling, Zolna had hoped to forge ahead with his request for class-action status after months of discovery to determine precisely how many motorists are eligible for refunds.
Now, Zolna is accusing the city of trying to slow to a crawl a process that could ultimately force the city to pay $200 million to ticketed motorists denied their constitutional rights.
He'll be back in court on Friday asking the judge to compel the city to cough up the records and produce a “corporate representative” for a deposition that, he claims, should have been routine.
“They clearly don't want to have a city representative testify under oath as to whether or not they were operating these programs illegally for the past decade. That much I'm sure of,” Zolna said Wednesday.
“As for the damage information, we're seeking to void these tickets. This information is clearly relevant. There's no legal basis for them to withhold it. My only guess is, they don't want the size of their exposure in this suit to be public record” because it's such a massive amount.
Deputy Corporation Counsel Naomi Avendano categorically denied Zolna's claim.
She argued that the city has already produced “hundreds of pages of documents” while cooperating “fully and completely with all the demands of discovery” in the case.
An individual with “knowledge of the issues” will be made available as discovery progresses on the “issue of class certification,” she said.
“There is “absolutely no stonewalling here,” Avendano said.
The stonewalling allegation marks the latest chapter in a long-running saga between Zolna and the city.
Days after Kennedy's ruling, Zolna accused Emanuel of changing the rules in the middle of the game in a move, he branded an “admission of guilt” that strengthens his claim to refunds for motorists ticketed since 2003.
Without fanfare, Emanuel asked the City Council to amend Chicago's municipal code to drop the step that Zolna's lawsuit had accused City Hall of skipping.
No longer would the city be required to send a second notice of violation prior to issuing a determination of liability against motorists slapped with speed camera and red-light camera tickets.
In addition to abolishing the second-notice requirement that Zolna had accused the city of ignoring, City Hall made an administrative change to correct the due process violation cited in the lawsuit filed on behalf of three ticketed motorists.
Instead of assessing late penalties whenever motorists don't pay up within 21 days of a liability determination, the city started abiding by the 25-day grace period required by law.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China threatened heavier fines against companies breaking the law on Thursday, a day after six milk powder producers were hit with a total of $110 million in penalties for price fixing and anti-competitive behavior.
Xu Kunlin, head of the pricing unit at the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), said the milk powder makers had deleted emails and told staff to avoid leaving a paper trail when discussing prices with retailers.
“(These actions) are a clear example of knowingly violating the law,” Xu said in an interview with the People's Daily newspaper, the mouthpiece of the ruling Communist Party.
“From now on, if we discover firms knowingly breaking the law, then fines will be increasingly severe.”
The NDRC fined six milk powder firms following a four-month investigation: Mead Johnson, France's Danone, New Zealand's Fonterra, Abbott Laboratories, Dutch dairy cooperative FrieslandCampina and Hong Kong-listed Biostime International Holdings.
All of the companies said they would not contest the penalties, which the official Xinhua news agency said were a record for China. Several also said they were committed to addressing the concerns raised by the government.
The NDRC is China's top economic planner and is also responsible for enforcing China's anti-trust rules on pricing.
It is carrying out separate pricing investigations into 60 foreign and local pharmaceutical firms as well as companies involved in gold trading. Those probes have yet to conclude.
Xu said the milk powder companies broke China's five-year-old anti-monopoly law by effectively setting prices at which retailers could re-sell their products.
They used methods such as contracts, direct and covert fines and rebates, as well as controlling and cutting supply to get retailers to comply, he said.
“If a retailer didn't abide by the producer's pricing rules or went below the set lower price, then it would be penalized and sustain losses,” Xu said.
NO DISCRIMINATION - XINHUA
Foreign infant formula is highly sought after in the world's second biggest economy, where public trust was damaged by a 2008 scandal in which six infants died and thousands became ill after drinking milk tainted with the toxic industrial compound melamine.
China's infant formula market is set to grow to $25 billion by 2017 from $12.4 billion in 2012, according to data from Euromonitor. Foreign brands account for about half of total sales and can sell for more than double the price of local formula.
In a commentary, Xinhua said China had not discriminated against foreign firms with its investigation, adding there were now fewer loopholes to allow multinational companies to earn “easy money” in China.
It also rebuffed speculation the probe was aimed at boosting domestic milk powder brands against foreign rivals.
Three other firms, Nestle-owned Wyeth, Japan's Meiji Holdings and Zhejiang Beingmate were probed but were not fined because “they cooperated with the investigation, provided important evidence and carried out active self-rectification”, Xinhua earlier quoted Xu as saying.
However, lawyers said this example was unlikely to mean foreign companies in China would increase the disclosure of any illegal activity under the anti-monopoly law to local regulators since reporting procedures were less established than in Europe or the United States.
Chinese commercial law enforcement personnel inspect milk powder products at a supermarket in Lianyungang, Jiangsu province August 6, 2013. REUTERS/China Daily
For example, in Europe, a regulator would record the exact date and time any disclosure was made and then that would be taken into consideration when deciding penalties, said Marc Waha, a Hong Kong-based antitrust lawyer at Norton Rose Fulbright.
“The impetus to self-report contraventions of anti-competition law is still low, partly because the procedural rules in China are still uncertain,” said Waha.
“Yes, it is a milestone, but it is a milestone on a long path and we are still very far away from companies thinking about self-reporting as they would in Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Korea or Taiwan.”
Image copyright Union County Prosecutor Image caption New Jersey police officials released a booking photo following Mr Rahami's Monday arrest
To patrons at the fried chicken restaurant where he worked, the New York and New Jersey terror suspect was an amiable car enthusiast.
But a childhood friend says he saw a marked change in Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, after he made a trip to Afghanistan and Pakistan several years ago.
The Afghan-born American had returned a "completely different person", according to the friend.
He seemed more stern and wore religious Muslim clothing.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption On Monday police searched the family restaurant and home in Elizabeth, New Jersey
Mr Rahami lived with family members above his place of work, First American Fried Chicken, in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
Childhood friend Flee Jones said Mr Rahami had given him free food and space in the restaurant to hold rap contests.
Mr Jones said Mr Rahami was formerly his basketball partner, but that he had changed after returning from trips to Afghanistan and Pakistan.
"It's like he was a completely different person," Mr Jones told the New York Times.
"He got serious and completely closed off."
Friends say Mr Rahami travelled to Quetta and Karachi, Pakistani cities that are home to a large community of Afghans who have fled conflict in their country.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption NYPD Chief James O'Neill (r) was sworn in as commissioner one day before the attacks
What we know so far
Quetta is considered to be a haven for leaders from the exiled Afghan Taliban.
According to US media reports, Mr Rahami married while in Pakistan.
New Jersey congressman Albio Sires said Mr Rahami had contacted his office in 2014 during a visit to Pakistan.
He said his constituent had requested help obtaining a visa to bring his spouse to the US since her Pakistani passport had expired.
Citing law enforcement officials, CNN reported that Mr Rahami's wife had left the US in the days before the attacks.
US officials are working with Pakistan and United Arab Emirates officials to contact her, according to the report.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A bomb disposal robot tried to disarm a device under a bridge near the station
According to US media, Mr Rahami was found with a notebook that contained ramblings about terrorists following his arrest.
It reportedly referred to the Boston Marathon bombers and also mentioned Anwar al-Awlaki, the American imam killed by a US drone strike in Yemen in 2011.
Mr Rahami attended Middlesex County College in Edison, New Jersey, where he majored in criminal justice, from 2010-12, but he did not graduate according to school officials.
Recently he appeared to have been taking on more responsibility from his father in the running of First American Fried Chicken.
But neighbours' complaints about rowdy behaviour from patrons outside the all-night takeaway spot led city officials to pass an ordinance requiring the place to shut at 10pm each night.
Elizabeth Mayor Christian Bollwage said Mr Rahami's father had sued the city in 2011 over the ordinance.
He said he had been ethnically discriminated against, but lost the case.
This is not Ahmad Khan Rahami's first encounter with law enforcement.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage from WABC shows the suspect being loaded into an ambulance
In 2014, he was arrested on weapons and aggravated assault charges after he allegedly stabbed someone in the leg in a domestic incident, court documents showed.
Another patron of the fried chicken restaurant, Ryan McCann, said the bombing loved talking about his souped-up Honda Civic.
"He's a very friendly guy, that's what's so scary," said Mr McCann.
Money makes some people crazy. And no one can exploit that better than the Russians. According to an Austrian newspaper called Wirtschaftsblatt, which I thought at first was a joke name but it's apparently real (they've got Warren Buffett on the front page today!), Russian luxury ocean liners are offering customers "pirate hunting cruises".
Instead of becoming a victim of pirates, pirates become the victims.
The article was translated at Ananova.com, which says passengers are paying about $5,700 a day to patrol the waters off Somalia in heavily armed private yachts, hoping to attract the attention of pirates. Then, when the bad guys get close, the badder guys open fire with grenade launchers, machine guns, and rocket launchers. The yachts come with body guards, who are allegedly "a squad of ex special forces troops," and, for about $20 a day extra, you can use an AK-47 and 100 rounds of ammo.
"They are worse than the pirates," the article quotes a Russian yachtsman named Vladimir Mironov. "At least the pirates have the decency to take hostages, these people are just paying to commit murder."
I've got an idea! Let's pool our money together and rent a luxury yacht to hunt CEO's of TARP-receiving money caught vacationing on company-subsidized yachts! We won't shoot them, just moon them.
Questions? Comments? Funny Stories? Email funnybusiness@cnbc.com
Bitcoin Craig Wright Exits The Bitcoin Stage With Weird Blog Post
There has been a lot of focus on Craig Wright claiming to be Satoshi Nakamoto as of late, and many people have inspected the blog post Wright made to legitimize these claims. But all of a sudden, he has shut down his official blog, saying he is “not strong enough for this”.
Also read: UK Law Enforcement Sources Hint At Impending Craig Wright Arrest
Craig Wright Blog Disappears With Shady Message
People active in the world of Bitcoin will have noticed how the evidence provided by Craig Wright is rather flimsy at best. Moreover, even though Gavin Andresen validated his claims, there was a lot of miscommunication between the two parties. Gavin's post was fairly clear and honest, whereas Wright's post was rather lackluster.
Bitcoin enthusiasts actively pursued the information he had posted and debunked it within less than a few hours. But Craig Wright was not done yet, as he was set to provide “extraordinary evidence” to the world to validate him being Satoshi Nakamoto. In fact, he even mentioned how he would move one Bitcoin belonging to a Nakamoto address to show he controls the private keys.
However, it appears as if Craig Wright has either taken his blog down, or it has been hacked by a third party. When opening the website, users are greeted with a message saying how Wright is “sorry” and “believed he could put the years of anonymity behind him.” Unfortunately, the negative attention seems to have a toll, and he continues:
“When the rumors began, my qualifications and character were attacked. When those allegations were proven false, new allegations have already begun. I know now that I am not strong enough for this. I know that this weakness will cause great damage to those that have supported me, and particularly to Jon Matonis and Gavin Andresen.”
What makes this even weirder is how the text on this web page is an image, rather than something was written. It appears this is a placeholder image cobbled together rather quickly, and it remains to be seen if Craig Wright posted this himself, or if someone hijacked the domain.Either way, this is a very strange turn of events, and it may not be the last we heard of the Satoshi Nakamoto manhunt.
What are your thoughts on this situation? Let us know in the comments below!
Source: DrCraigWright
Images courtesy of Dr Craig Wright, Shutterstock
On the Other Hand…
Scholars have also raised some serious shortcomings with the analysis. No, I don't refer to the Financial Times' Chris Giles's overwrought and insignificant allegations of data errors (What is the world coming to when journalists can levy allegations at serious research without vetting, and yet command instant global attention?). Far more important issues have been raised by Per Krusell of Stockholm University and Tony Smith of Yale, for example, as to whether it is appropriate to assume (as Piketty does in what he calls the "second fundamental rule of capitalism") that capital's share of national income will tend toward the ratio of the savings rate to the growth rate in the long run.
The two economists note that the "fundamental rule" is untenable at one extreme (if growth falls to zero, savings would consume all of GDP) and that it is inconsistent with U.S. experience. They also point to alternative models of economic growth that are more consistent with U.S. experience. Serious related questions have been raised by Summers and others as to whether Piketty is sufficiently sensitive to the role of capital depreciation. Still others have pointed to the reality that inherited wealth is spread over multiple heirs, that heirs do not always invest wisely, and that many wealthy individuals choose to donate the bulk of their wealth to charitable causes rather than leave it to their offspring (thank you, Bill Gates and Warren Buffett).
I would yet raise another concern about Capital…, one that suggests that the evolution of inequality might be even more alarming than Piketty predicts. The focus of the book is on physical capital and financial capital. Human capital is given short shrift. Yet the importance of human capital – the investments that people make in their own productive capacities, just as capitalists invest in plant and equipment – is quite old in economics. In The Wealth of Nations, for example, Adam Smith wrote:
A man educated at the expence of much labour and time to any of those employments which require extraordinary dexterity and skill, may be compared to one of those expensive machines. The work which he learns to perform, it must be expected, over and above the usual wages of common labour, will replace to him the whole expence of his education, with at least the ordinary profits of an equally valuable capital.
In modern economies, the returns to human capital account for the lion's share of national income, and investment in human capital drives economic growth. (See, for example, my May 1999 paper in the American Economic Review: Papers and Proceedings for evidence on the outsized role played by human capital in the U.S. economy, and Paul Romer's 1990 Carnegie-Rochester Conference Series paper on human capital and growth.) Indeed, the categories referred to as labor's share of income and capital's share of income appear crude and antiquated when one can compare the share of income accruing to diverse groups ranging from managers to college graduates from to high school dropouts.
A more troubling aspect of the Piketty phenomenon is not about what he might get wrong, but what he sweeps under the rug. While the increased concentration of income among the top 1 percent of Americans has attracted enormous attention in the wake of the American publication of Capital… and the earlier Occupy movement, the rise in income inequality among the bottom 99 percent is arguably a far more important feature of the economic landscape, and one at least as worrisome. Moreover, changes in earnings associated with different levels of education – that is, human capital – have played an outsized role in raising inequality among the bottom 99 percent of Americans.
Consider the following hypothetical calculation. If the top 1 percent's share of income had remained constant at its 1979 level, and all of the increase in share that actually went to the top 1 percent were redistributed to the bottom 99 percent – a feat that might or might not have been achievable without shrinking the total size of the pie – then each family in the bottom 99 percent would have gained about $7,000 in annual income (in today's dollars). That is not an insignificant sum. But contrast it with the magnitude of the income premium associated with educational achievement: The earnings gap between the median household headed by a college graduate and the median household headed by a high school graduate rose by $20,400 between 1979 and 2013 according to my calculations based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Current Population Survey. This shift – which took place entirely within the bottom 99 percent – is three times as great as the shift that has taken place from the bottom 99 percent to the top 1 percent in the same time frame.
With 34 days to go, the singer has received more than $1,000,000 in pledges for PonoMusic and its accompanying player
As promised earlier this week, Neil Young has launched his first Pono music player through the crowdfunding website Kickstarter. In a video featuring fans like Jack White, Elton John, Bruce Springsteen, Mumford & Sons and Arcade Fire, Young stakes the case for his high-fidelity alternative to the iPod, promising that it helps convey “the feeling, spirit, and emotion that the artists put in their original studio recordings”.
Within hours, Young had received more than $500,000 (£300,000) in pledges from curious musos. Most of these are essentially purchases of the first edition PonoPlayer: a prism-shaped device that specialises in premium-quality FLAC music files. Though the standard 128GB PonoPlayer costs $300 (£180) via Kickstarter, Young is also selling a $400 (£240) “artist signature series”, which include laser-engraved signatures and music picks from artists like Beck, Patti Smith and the Foo Fighters.
“Pono is about the music, it's about the people who make the music, and the way it sounds to us when we're in the studio making it,” Young explains in the Pono trailer. “It's about you hearing what we hear, and that hasn't happened in a long time.”
In addition to the Pono devices, Young and his partners plan to sell digital music files through the PonoMusic.com store. The best of these files will contain “about 30 times more [sound] data” than the average MP3. Although all Pono material will have a minimum of CD quality, “depending on the ... available master recordings”, certain music will have an “ultra-high resolution” of 9216 kbps.
Pono claim to be “supported by all major labels” and are “working with independent labels across all genres”. While they have yet to announce a launch-date for their online store, Pono Players are expected to begin production in late summer 2014.
50 Years After First Interplanetary Probe, NASA Looks To Future
Fifty years ago, on Dec. 14, 1962, reporters gathered for a press briefing at NASA headquarters and heard an unearthly sound: radio signals being beamed back by a spacecraft flying within 22,000 miles of Venus.
Sounds From Mariner 2 This audio is from a Dec. 14, 1962, press briefing during which live signals from the spacecraft were played for the assembled reporters. Listen To Mariner 2 0:47
The Mariner 2 mission to Venus was the first time any spacecraft had ever gone to another planet.
These days, vivid photographs showing scenes from all around the solar system are so ubiquitous that people might easily forget how mysterious our planetary neighbors used to be.
"The planets were all known to exist by the Mariner 2 mission in 1962, but very little was known about them, and much of what was believed to be true about them turned out to be wrong," says Erik Conway, a historian at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which built the Mariner 2 spacecraft.
Scientists back then could only study the planets through telescopes. And Venus, seen through a telescope, was entirely shrouded by opaque clouds. No one knew what might be on the surface.
"Venus was generally believed, especially in the public, to be kind of a warmer Earth," says Conway. "It would be something like a Mesozoic jungle age, maybe even with dinosaurs. "
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL NASA/JPL
The Mariner 2 mission was a part of the space race, which started in 1957 with the launch of the Soviet Sputnik satellite. The Soviets were aiming for the moon, but they also were working to send a probe to Venus. So NASA did, too — even though a lot of people thought the idea was crazy. After all, Venus was 36 million miles away, and the trip would take more than three months.
"There was considerable skepticism in places like NASA headquarters itself that you could actually make a spacecraft that would live long enough to get to another planet," Conway says.
On July 22, 1962, a hastily built spacecraft called Mariner 1 was sitting on top of a rocket in Florida. It was equipped with instruments that would let scientists get new information about the temperature, magnetic field and mass of Venus.
But during the launch, the rocket veered off course; safety officers ordered it to self-destruct.
Luckily, the engineers had built a spare probe — Mariner 2. One month later, it took off. This launch also had glitches, but the rocket somehow righted itself, and Mariner 2 was on its way.
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL/Caltech NASA/JPL/Caltech
This was just the first of a number of miraculous saves. The trip to Venus was hardly smooth. The spacecraft had all kinds of nerve-wracking troubles — things like a solar panel that stopped working and a temperamental Earth-locating sensor. Plus, as the spacecraft moved closer to Venus, temperatures shot up, and engineers worried that the heat would fry it.
"I was continually being called and given a report on things. My nerves had become so taut by this time that I instructed everyone that would call me to start out with one of two sentences: 'There is no problem,' or, 'There is a problem.' I mean, just get it over with," recalled Mariner project manager Jack James in an oral history videotaped by the Smithsonian in 1987. "Quite often, I got calls, 'There is a serious problem.' "
Still, Mariner 2 kept going. Finally, thrillingly, it flew close by Venus on Dec. 14, 1962.
"Indelibly imprinted in my memory is the beautiful sound of the data stream returning from the encounter science experiments during flyby," NASA manager Oran Nicks later wrote in a memoir entitled Far Travelers: The Exploring Machines. "Words could not describe my feelings as the successful return of data from Venus at last provided evidence of a successful mission."
William Pickering, who served as the director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory during the mission, later said that even he had been struck by the seemingly casual way that they'd communicated back and forth with something so many millions of miles out in space.
"And I must admit that at the time we were passing by the planet Venus, to sit outside and look at the star Venus in the sky and realize that a piece of our equipment was just then going past the planet was really a very surprising thing to do. And one had to, as it were, pull oneself together now and again and realize that this was indeed real, and this was happening," Pickering recalled.
The public loved it. This was the first time that NASA had beat the Soviets in space, after five years of Soviet milestones that included putting the first man in orbit around the Earth. Pickering was invited to be the grand marshal of the 1963 Rose Bowl parade, which featured a float of the Mariner 2 probe.
toggle caption NASA/JPL/Caltech
Mariner 2 showed that the surface of Venus was way too hot for life: more than 700 degrees Fahrenheit. And it set the stage for all the exploration of our solar system that was to come.
By now, every planet in our solar system has been visited in some way, except for the dwarf planet Pluto; NASA's New Horizons probe is headed there and is expected to fly by in 2015.
"We have really quite a wonderful armada of missions that are currently exploring," says James Green, head of planetary science at NASA headquarters.
The list includes Cassini in orbit around Saturn, Messenger in orbit around Mercury, Curiosity crawling on Mars, and Juno flying toward Jupiter.
Looking forward to another 50 years, Green says NASA could conceivably be doing all kinds of new missions, not just flying by or landing. He predicts that samples will be returned from Europa, an ice-covered moon of Jupiter that may have a subsurface liquid ocean, and robotic probes will explore the lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn that has bodies of liquid ethane and methane on its surface.
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL/Caltech NASA/JPL/Caltech
"So 50 years, you know, is an enormous leap. All you have to do is sort of look back at the last 50 years, where we've come, and you'll recognize that even what I've just said is probably going to be eclipsed by what we'll really end up doing in that 50-year time frame," says Green.
And we'll keep learning more about the recently discovered planets beyond our solar system, the ones circling other stars.
But some proponents of planetary exploration worry that without adequate funding, NASA won't be able to do big, ambitious missions to other worlds in the future. Planetary science isn't that large a fraction of NASA's budget, and gets only around $1.2 billion out of the space agency's annual total of around $17 billion.
"People are supporting space more than ever, yet the funding, especially for planetary science, is in jeopardy," says Bill Nye, aka "The Science Guy." He's CEO of The Planetary Society, which promotes more space exploration.
The group is worried about proposed cuts of around $300 million to NASA's planetary sciences division. Nye says that money could be used to fund development of another strategic-class mission, meaning a large, capable spacecraft. "And these are the kind of spacecraft that change the world," says Nye.
Meanwhile, good old Mariner 2 is still out there, though it's now a silent piece of space junk. Conway says it is orbiting the sun somewhere between Venus and Mercury. A model of it is hanging in a place of honor at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum.
Jon Stewart appeared in his first Sunday morning news show interview ever with Chris Wallace, and unlike his often entertaining and jovial encounters with Fox News' Bill O'Reilly, this confrontation was a bit more heated. Wallace opened the segment suggesting to Stewart “you love to take shots at Fox News” and from there Wallace was determined to get Stewart to admit that the mainstream media has a liberal bias. Yet Stewart refused to believe that anyone in the media is as “relentlessly activist” as Fox News.
Stewart maintained that besides possibly MSNBC, no media organization is in any way close to being as agenda-driven as Fox News. Despite multiple attempts by Wallace to convince Stewart of a liberal bias in the mainstream media, Stewart argued the “bias of the mainstream media is towards sensationalism, conflict and laziness.” And as proof of a lack of partisanship, Stewart suggested the media “jumped into the Weiner pool with such delight and such relish.”
The conversation got a bit more personal as Stewart and Wallace shared thoughts on how they viewed each other. Wallace declared “I think you want to be a political player.” Stewart responded “dead wrong” and reiterated that he is a comedian first. And then he admitted himself, “the embarrassment is that I'm given credibility in this world because of the disappointment that the public has in what the news media does.”
Stewart returned fire at Fox News, but by complimenting Wallace in the process:
“You are here, in some respects, to bring a credibility and an integrity to an organization that might not otherwise have it without your presence. You are here as a counterweight to [Sean] Hannity let's say or you are here as a counterweight to Glenn Beck. Because otherwise it's just pure talk radio and it doesn't establish the type of political play that it wants to be.”
We also learned from the interview that Stewart is disappointed with President Obama and that he even voted for President George Bush in 1988. Yet the most surprising moment may have been when Stewart got uncharacteristically really angry, declaring that viewers of Fox News are the “most consistently misinformed.” During the interview Stewart praised Wallace as being a tough and fair interviewer, and from this exchange, both Wallace and Stewart deserve praise for being able to engage in an honest and enlightening conversation.
(Update) Full Unedited Version released by Fox below:
Edited Version that played on Fox Below:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
× Find out how to win ‘Disney on Ice: Frozen' tickets
Want to win four tickets to “Disney on Ice: Frozen” at the Greensboro Coliseum?
Watch the FOX8 Morning News from 6 to 6:30 a.m. Monday, Nov. 17 through Friday, Nov. 21 for your chance to win.
Upon a prompt from the news anchors entrants will be invited to call the toll-free number 1-800-807-8255. The eighth caller during each newscast will be tentatively declared a winner. The Sweepstakes winners will be notified during the week of Nov. 17 by phone.
One set of tickets (four) will be given away during each newscast.
Tickets are for the “Disney on Ice: Frozen” performance on Dec. 4 at 7 p.m.
Tickets must be picked up no later than 4:30 p.m. ET on Dec. 1 at the FOX8 Studios, 2005 Francis St., High Point, N.C., 27263.
Even the best laws will not lead to a safer internet. We need a sharper picture of the information apocalypse that awaits us in a world where personal data is traded to avert the catastrophy.
Dr. Jekyll and Mister Hyde? The military and the IT sphere already affiliated, as you may see in the person of one of the most powerful men of the world: Keith Alexander, Director of the NSA, recruiting hackers at Defcon 2012, wearing a t-shirt of the civil rights organisation „Electronic Frontier Foundation“; in service uniform on the right Bild: Hackerphotos.com / Win McNamee
The problem with the sick, obsessive superpower revealed to us by Edward Snowden is that it cannot bring itself to utter the one line it absolutely must utter before it can move on: “My name is America and I'm a dataholic.” For American spies, Big Data is like crack cocaine: just a few doses – and you can forget about mending your way and kicking the habit. Yes, there's an initial illusion of grandeur and narcissistic omnipotence – just look at us, we could prevent another 9/11! – but a clearer, unmediated brain would surely notice that one's judgment has been severely impaired. Prevent another 9/11? When two kids with extensive presence on social media can blow up a marathon in Boston? Really? All this data, all this sacrifice– and for what?
So let us not pass over America's surveillance addiction in silence. It is real; it has consequences; and the world would do itself a service by sending America to a Big Data rehab. But there's more to learn from the Snowden affair. It has also busted a number of myths that are only peripherally related to surveillance: myths about the supposed benefits of decentralized and commercially-operated digital infrastructure, about the current state of technologically-mediated geopolitics, about the existence of a separate realm known as “cyberspace.” We must take stock of where we are and reflect on where we soon will be, especially if we fail to confront – legally but, even more importantly, intellectually – the many temptations of information consumerism.
Why surrender control over electronic communications?
First of all, many Europeans are finally grasping, to their great dismay, that the word “cloud” in “cloud computing” is just a euphemism for “some dark bunker in Idaho or Utah.” Borges, had he lived long enough, would certainly choose a server rack – not a library – as the primary site for his surreal stories. A database larger than the world it is meant to represent: a Borges short story or a slide from an NSA PowerPoint? One can't say for sure.
Second, ideas that once looked silly suddenly look wise. Just a few months ago, it was customary to make fun of Iranians, Russians and Chinese who, with their automatic distrust of all things American, spoke the bizarre language of “information sovereignty.” What, the Iranians want to build their own national email system to lessen their dependence on Silicon Valley? That prospect seemed both futile and wrong-headed to many Europeans: what a silly waste of resources! How could it possibly compete with Gmail, with its trendy video chats and slick design? Haven't Europeans tried – and failed – to launch their own search engine? Building airplanes that can compete with Boeing is one thing – but an email system? Now, that's something Europe – let alone Iran! – would never be able to pull off.
Look who's laughing now: Iran's national email system launched a few weeks ago. Granted the Iranians want their own national email system, in part, so that they can shut it down during protests and spy on their own people AT other times. Still, they got the geopolitics exactly right: over-reliance on foreign communications infrastructure is no way to boost one's sovereignty. If you wouldn't want another nation to run your postal system, why surrender control over electronic communications?
Written by Chris and Melissa Bruntlett, co-founders of Modacity, a multi-service consultancy focused on inspiring healthier, happier, simpler forms of urban mobility through words, photography and film.
Shortly after November's municipal election, we wrote about how Vancouver voters rewarded the “Vision and Courage” shaping our city's emerging bike culture, and how investment in a AAA-rated (all ages and abilities) network of bike infrastructure has substantially changed the number and demographic of people cycling for transportation since Mayor Gregor Robertson's election in late 2008.
With the start of a new year, and a new political mandate, we wanted to take an opportunity to state – for the record – what we feel are the crucial projects needed to build on that momentum, and expand our network for ages 8 to 80, encouraging more and more Vancouverites to consider the healthier, happier, simpler act of getting on a bicycle, as one of the many different ways they move around their city.
A Commercial Drive for everyone
There is no doubt in our minds that Commercial Drive represents the next bold step in firmly establishing the bicycle as a reliable, everyday mode of transportation in Vancouver. In a neighbourhood with the highest rates of walking and cycling in the city, a community group named Streets for Everyone has stepped forward with a proposal for widened sidewalks, increased public seating; bigger, better bus stops; one-way, grade-separated cycle tracks; and Dutch-style, protected intersections.
As we have written in the past, the Drive represents a tipping point for this city's ambitions of world-class liveability, sustainability, resiliency and accessibility. While we have a quite functional bike network, it is still mostly designed for recreation and longer, single-purpose trips (such as cycling to work). The many other multi-purpose trips one makes in a day (shopping, dining, banking) become incredibly problematic — especially with children. This is a rare opportunity to create a street that works for all of its users; a destination Vancouverites will go out of their way to spend time shopping, dining and socializing. People of all ages and backgrounds will be able to live, work, and play on the Drive, regardless of how they get from A to B.
A successful bikeshare scheme
There are now 780 bikeshare schemes around the world, functioning as low-cost, high-return extensions of the public transit system, and providing a “last mile” solution for just pennies a day. Only three of these systems (Melbourne, Brisbane, and Seattle) operate under an all-ages helmet law, averaging 0.3 to 1.1 trips per bike per day (versus 6 to 8 in helmet-optional cities such as Paris and New York). These schemes have also proven to be remarkably safe, having delivered over 23 million (helmet-optional) trips across the U.S. over seven years without a single fatality.
Rather than follow the lead of Dallas, Mexico City and others that revised their helmet law, Vancouver stubbornly appears set to launch just the fourth helmet-mandatory bikeshare in the world, without once appealing to Attorney General Suzanne Anton for a revision or exemption. Not only can we expect supressed ridership, but also vastly inflated start-up and on-going maintenance costs, in order to provide (untested) automated helmet disposal machines. We believe this to be a terrible mistake; one easily rectified with the stroke of a pen, allowing bikeshare to flourish as an indispensible characteristic of a healthy, vibrant, and liveable city.
The long-awaited Granville Greenway
One only needs to look at the map of bike routes in Vancouver to notice the sizeable gap across the middle of False Creek, in between the Burrard and Cambie crossings. The eight-lane Granville Bridge was vastly overbuilt when first constructed in 1954, and is still seldom subject to congestion, yet remains downright hostile to anyone on foot or bike. As a result, the city's own proposal for a two-lane raised greenway down the centre of the bridge makes perfect sense. Maintenance upgrades are scheduled in the coming years, and a brave, permanent upgrade to the bridge deck would be a most welcome addition to our growing walking and cycling networks.
East-west Gastown connector route
Gastown (including Railtown) is quickly becoming the high-tech employment centre of this city, yet, strangely, continues to be incredibly difficult to access comfortably by bicycle. The short-but-sweet Carrall Street Greenway accesses the area from the south, but there isn't a single east-west connector route, barring a disjointed, five-block protected bike lane completed as part of the Powell Street Overpass project late last year. Extending that AAA-route along Powell, onto Alexander Street, and eventually, along the length of Water Street (also due for maintenance upgrades in the coming years), would be an excellent way to attract high-tech talent, businesses, and retail activity to Gastown, in an increasingly competitive global marketplace.
Cambie Bridge walking/cycling separation
If you've walked or cycled across the Cambie Bridge in recent years, you'll understand that having cyclists and pedestrians share the same, five-metre wide space on the east side of the bridge deck is no longer an option. It is far too crowded, particularly during rush hour in the busy summer months. Much like they did with the Burrard Bridge back in 2009, city staff must look at reallocating one of the six vehicle lanes into a pair of physically separated bike lanes, improving safety for everyone, particularly those on foot. These facilities would also seamlessly connect the bridge to the Off-Broadway and Seaside Bikeways on the south side, as well as recent work completed on the north side to connect it to the Beatty Street Bikeway.
10th Avenue Bikeway AAA Upgrades
Stretching over 11 kilometres from the Central Valley Greenway in East Vancouver to the UBC Endowment lands, 10th Avenue is one of this city's longest, oldest and busiest bikeways. It is a route our own family rides every single day, but – in all honesty – is far from being accessible to all ages and abilities. Frustratingly, the city still permits on-street parking on both sides along most of the route, with far too many cars rat-running between Broadway and 12th Avenue; creating narrow, unsafe conditions where impatient drivers attempt to bully cyclists to the side of the road.
A long overdue, AAA upgrade would include a combination of parking restrictions, traffic calming, redesign of certain intersections (Victoria, Yukon and Kingsway come to mind), as well as physical separation in certain areas, especially outside Vancouver General Hospital, where five-ton delivery trucks, jaywalking pedestrians, parallel parking visitors, and tense cyclists mix; often with precarious results.
South Seawall spot improvements
In a sense, the seawall on the south side of False Creek – between the Olympic Village and the new Point Grey Greenway – has been a victim of its own success. There are several areas where cyclists and pedestrians share the same space (such as through Charleson Park), most of which have become incredibly congested and unsafe, especially on sunny weekend afternoons. We would also love to have a frank talk with the Architect who thought flagstone was a good surface on which to cycle.
However, these spot improvements fall under the jurisdiction of the NPA-controlled Park Board, who vehemently opposed Vision's abandoned proposal to separate walking and cycling on the hectic, hazardous Kitsilano Beach. It is an area where the NPA can show leadership, demonstrating they are a progressive, 21st century party open to compromise and change. But whether they will do that remains to be seen.
Burrard Bridge permanent completion
The Burrard Bridge was the first protected bike lane Gregor Robertson built during his first term as Mayor, and the numbers indicate it has been a tremendous success, but it was always designed as a temporary, trial facility. While having a pair of one-way cycle tracks on either side of the bridge deck is ideal, having walking prohibited on the east side is far from it. With seismic upgrades scheduled in the coming years, it is finally time to make these changes permanent, and ideal for both walking and cycling. The intersection on the north side at Burrard and Pacific is also long due for an overhaul, which is statistically one of the most dangerous junctions in the city.
Ontario bikeway AAA upgrades
Another bikeway worthy of a (relatively) quick and easy upgrade is on Ontario Street, particular the short, uphill run from the Olympic Village to the 10th Avenue Bikeway. The Olympic Village has quickly become ground zero for Vancouver's emerging bike culture, and a low-stress connection to the east-west route is much needed. Much like 10th Avenue, a AAA upgrade would include parking restrictions, traffic calming, intersection redesign, and physical separation (where it is needed).
Better bike parking facilities
Last but not least, our tenth wish for 2015 is that city staff will begin to address the growing bike parking problem that an increase in ridership has created. Demand for secure, convenient places to lock one's bike is far outpacing supply, with very real repercussions on where and when people will stop and spend their money. It is not uncommon to stop outside a brewery, restaurant or café in the summer, and see bikes locked to fences, trees, signposts, and parking meters. Consider cities such as Portland, whose much-lauded bicycle parking corral program converted 120 on-street car parking spaces into room for over 2,400 bikes (followed by a predictable increase in economic activity at those locations, and a city-wide, two-year waitlist).
These 10 items are by no means a definitive or official list, but are designed as a conversation starter. Have any suggestions? Leave them in the comments section.
***
Chris and Melissa Bruntlett are the co-founders of Modacity, a multi-service consultancy focused on inspiring healthier, happier, simpler forms of urban mobility through words, photography and film. You can find them on Twitter: @modacitylife
Sponsor confirms it has terminated Armstrong's deal'Nike does not condone the use of illegal drugs'
Nike has severed its connections with Lance Armstrong, finally acknowledging the "seemingly insurmountable" evidence that that the seven-times Tour de France winner was a drugs cheat.
In a near-simultaneous statement, Armstrong said he would relinquish his position as chairman of Livestrong, the cancer charity he founded, in order to "spare the foundation any negative effects" after a damning report by the United States Anti-Doping Agency (Usada), which concluded he ran a sophisticated doping ring for years.
Armstrong's decision to step down from Livestrong allowed Nike to continue to support the initiative. In the US, 98 products bearing the Livestrong name are sold by Nike.
Nike – which initially indicated that it would stand by Armstrong – said in a statement it had been misled by Armstrong and did not "condone the use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs".
The full statement said: "Due to the seemingly insurmountable evidence that Lance Armstrong participated in doping and misled Nike for more than a decade, it is with great sadness that we have terminated our contract with him. Nike does not condone the use of illegal performance enhancing drugs in any manner.
"Nike plans to continue support of the Livestrong initiatives created to unite, inspire and empower people affected by cancer."
Armstrong has been dogged for years by allegations that he cheated his way to his Tour de France titles, while he was lead cyclist with his US Postal Service and Discovery Channel teams. Last week, Usada released a 1,000-page dossier which concluded that what had transpired amounted to "the most sophisticated, professionalised and successful doping programme that sport has ever seen".
Despite strongly denying the doping allegations, Armstrong elected not to fight Usada's claims, saying he thought the process was unfair.
The loss of the Nike deal will come as a financial blow, but stepping down from Livestrong is likely to be more personally damaging. Armstrong, a cancer survivor, set up the foundation in 1997, in order to help inspire others battling the illness. His inspiring story, of recovering from testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain and then winning the world's most famous cycle race, helped the foundation grow from a small operation in Texas into one of the most popular charities in the US.
The cyclist insisted he was drug free at a time when doping was rampant in professional cycling. In 2004, the foundation introduced yellow "Livestrong" bracelets; more than 80 million were sold, creating a global symbol for cancer awareness and survival.
Armstrong, who was not paid a salary as chairman of the Lance Armstrong Foundation, will remain on its board, but his duties will be handed to the vice chairman, Jeff Garvey.
"This organisation, its mission and its supporters are incredibly dear to my heart," Armstrong said in a statement on Wednesday. "Today therefore, to spare the foundation any negative effects as a result of controversy surrounding my cycling career, I will conclude my chairmanship."
As chairman, Armstrong did not run the foundation's day-to-day operations, which are handled by the Livestrong president and chief executive, Doug Ulman. Ulman had said that Armstrong's leadership role would not change.
Armstrong's statement said he would remain a visible advocate for cancer issues. He is expected to speak at Friday night's 15th-anniversary gala for Livestrong in Austin, Texas.
"My family and I have devoted our lives to the work of the foundation and that will not change," Armstrong said. "We plan to continue our service to the foundation and the cancer community. We will remain active advocates for cancer survivors and engaged supporters of the fight against cancer."
Marriott Corporation was a hospitality company that operated from 1927 until 1993, founded by J. Willard Marriott and Frank Kimball as Hot Shoppes, Inc. in 1957, Marriott Corporation opened its first hotel in Arlington County, Virginia, United States as the Twin Bridges Motor Hotel (demolished 1990).[2] Marriott Corporation's first international property was opened in Acapulco, Mexico in 1969.[2] Hot Shoppes became Marriott Corporation in 1967, which subsequently split into Marriott International, Inc. and Host Marriott Corporation in 1993.
History [ edit ]
J. Willard Marriott, who had moved away with his business partner Hugh Colton and his wife Alice from Utah to Washington, D.C. in 1927, where he operated a curbside food stand selling A&W Root Beer in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington at 14th Street and Park Road NW. He would later rename the food stand The Hot Shoppe, adding Mexican food items to the menu.[3][2] Marriott's business expanded to Baltimore, Maryland, in 1934, shortly after which the company started its food services division. During Second World War, the business expanded to include the management of food services in defense plants and government buildings, such as the U.S. Treasury. Then in the 1950s, Hot Shoppes, Inc. started providing food services to public schools and to Children's Hospital in 1955, a contract which they held for 35 years.
The company went public in 1953.[4][5] [6] In 1957, the firm expanded into the hotel industry by opening the first Marriott hotel (actually a motel), the Twin Bridges Motor Hotel, in Arlington County, Virginia.
In 1964, Hot Shoppes, Inc. was renamed Marriott-Hot Shoppes, Inc.[7] The company later became Marriott Corporation in 1967.
In 1967, Marriott acquired the Big Boy family restaurants chain from Bob Wian.[8][9]
The following year, Marriott acquired the Fort Wayne-based RoBee's, a roast beef sandwich fast-food chain,[10] but later discovered that they would not be able to use the RoBee's name nationally.[11] At the suggestion of the new Marriott board member Bob Wian, cowboy actor Roy Rogers was contacted to lend his name to the roast beef sandwich venture and the Roy Rogers Family Restaurants was formed in a few months later by converting RoBee's and a few Hot Shoppe locations.[12][13]
Over the years, Marriott's company interests expanded. Continuing with food services, Marriott eventually became involved with airline in-flight food service. This segment of their enterprise continues to be a large part of their business, providing food services to many major airlines.
In 1976, Marriott opened two theme parks called Marriott's Great America in California[14] and Illinois.[15] Another was planned for Maryland or Virginia, but local opposition prevented construction from ever beginning at any of the three proposed sites. The parks had replicas of the first Hot Shoppes. Both parks were sold in the mid-1980s and continue to operate today under their new owners.[16][17]
In 1982, the company acquired Host International for $120 million[18] and also Gino's Inc., the owner of Gino's Hamburgers and Rustler Steak House restaurant chains, for $48.6 million.[19][20] 108 Rustler Steak House Restaurants plus three other restaurants were sold in the following year to two different firms for undisclosed amounts. Newly formed Tenly Enterprises purchased 94 restaurants while Sizzler Restaurants International purchased the remaining 17.[21]
By 1984, Marriott had formed a vacation time-share division, now called Marriott Vacation Club International, through the purchase of American Resorts Group for an undisclosed amount[22] and also a senior-living division.[citation needed]
In 1985, the company purchased the Howard Johnson's restaurant chain from the Imperial Group P.L.C. of London for $314 million[23][24] with plans of converting the acquired restaurants to the Bob's Big Boy brand and to make Bob's the largest coffee-shop business in the country.[25]
In 1987, Marriott sold the Big Boy restaurants franchise rights to Elias Brothers for an undisclosed amount while keeping 208 company-owned Bob's Big Boy restaurants in California and selected locations on the East Coast.[26]
In 1988, Marriott purchased all 91 Wag's restaurants from Walgreens Corporation,[27] but dissolved the chain in 1991.
The Roy Rogers chain was sold to Hardee's in 1990 for $365 million in cash.[13]
The Marriott Corporation ended its existence as a single company in 1993, when it was split into two separate entities:[28] 1) Marriott International Corporation, which operated the hotel and lodging aspect of the business and Marriott Vacation Club International, and 2) Host Marriott Corporation, the new name for the original Marriott Corporation and operating the Marriott Food Services Management. The last Hot Shoppes restaurant, located in the Marlow Heights Shopping Center, closed on December 2, 1999.[29]
See also [ edit ]
13 People Charged In Florida A&M Hazing Death
Prosecutors have filed charges against 13 people allegedly involved in the hazing death of Florida A&M University student Robert Champion, authorities said on Wednesday.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Florida prosecutors filed charges against 13 people today in the hazing death of a university band drum major. Robert Champion was 26 and a part of the marching band at Florida A&M, a historically black college. This is the most serious of several band hazing cases at the university that have resulted in charges in the past year.
Florida Public Radio's Lynn Hatter reports.
LYNN HATTER, BYLINE: Six months after FAMU band drum major Robert Champion died, state attorney Lawson Lamar has filed charges against fellow band members implicated in his death.
LAWSON LAMAR: After working closely with my homicide team, we're ready to announce the filing of charges against 13 individuals stemming from that tragic incident. The majority of those charges are hazing resulting in death.
HATTER: Hazing that results in a death is a third-degree felony in Florida, punishable by up to six years in prison. An autopsy done after Champion's death showed he suffered blunt force trauma to his body that caused internal bleeding and shock.
The 13 people charged face multiple counts, ranging from misdemeanors to felonies. FAMU's Marching 100 Band is one of the best known collegiate marching bands in the country.
Crystal Finley was a member of the band who has now graduated from FAMU. During her time there, she played alongside Robert Champion.
CRYSTAL FINLEY: I didn't have to exert any force with Robert. He wasn't the type of person who didn't cooperate at all. He enjoyed doing what he did best, which was performing in the band. He got joy out of it and that's how our relationship flourished because we are doing what we loved to do most.
HATTER: The hazing incident that cost Champion his life took place on a bus parked outside the Orlando hotel where the band was staying following a football game. Members of the band say the incident was part of a ritual called crossing bus C, a ritual that state attorney Lawson Lamar condemns.
LAMAR: I have come to believe that hazing is a term for bullying. It's bullying with a tradition, a tradition that we cannot bear in America.
HATTER: The Marching 100 Band was suspended shortly after Champion's death and its band director placed on administrative leave. Band alumni Javon Evans(ph) says watching the situation play out in the media is hard, but he, like many others, want the case to run its full course.
JAVON EVANS: I didn't expect it to be this large at all. I mean, 13 is a pretty high number when you think about it, but they're saying - but they're thinking that there's a possibility there could be more. It lets you know that there's a lot more going on out there with this hazing case, but the people that did this needs to be brought to justice and it seems like that's slowly but surely happening.
HATTER: Law enforcement officials say they aren't releasing any names of those charged until they have been taken into custody. For NPR News, I'm Lynn Hatter in Tallahassee.
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
With the Georgetown basketball team in the midst of its second straight losing season; fresh off four straight losses, including two to Big East basement-dwellers St. John's and DePaul; devoid of hope for a post-season appearance; and the fan base drowning in its own toxic frustration, firing off a “Put John Thompson III In The Trash Can” take should be easy.
It could sound like this one, from Georgetown's student newspaper, The Hoya:
We can tolerate a losing season or two, but how the program responds in this moment is crucial. Letting our angst continue without acknowledging the problem will inevitably breed apathy.
Indecision risks further apathy. The time to make a change is now, and the school has only one choice: Fire JTIII.
Or this, from the Washington Post's Chris Cillizza, published before Georgetown's Tuesday night loss to Seton Hall:
The Hoyas finished 15-17 last year, and, with the losses to Depaul and St. John's, they now stand at 14-15 this year with just two games left in the regular season. The last time Georgetown had consecutive losing seasons was in the 1970-1971 and 1971-1972 seasons. The coach was fired after the 1972 season and replaced by — wait for it — John Thompson Jr. While the regular season losses are new, Thompson III has long struggled to return the program to its former glory. After a run to the Final Four in 2007, Thompson III has watched his often-highly-ranked teams implode in the NCAA Tournament. It has been a decade since Georgetown made the Sweet 16; the team has lost to the likes of Florida Gulf Coast, Ohio University and Davidson over that. And now the fan base and alumni — of which I am one — are turning on Thompson.
Or this, from a student petition to fire Thompson:
We acknowledge the immensely valuable contributions Coach Thompson and his father John Thompson, Jr., have made to this University, including to the personal development of players and to the integrity of the Athletic Department. Unfortunately, we have also seen the Athletic Department drift further out of touch from students as the men's basketball program has continued to falter. This can be clearly seen in the continued downward spiral of attendance, both in the student section and in the crowd at large. If this university chooses to maintain a tradition of excellence in both athletics and academics, it should hold its highest-paid employee accountable.
Advertisement
Or it could be as simple as this sign, spotted in Madison Square Garden during Georgetown's loss to St. John's:
It should be easy to call for Thompson III's job. But it's not.
There is a single, immensely complicating factor Georgetown must consider when weighing whether to fire John Thompson III: his name.
Advertisement
As the son of John Thompson Jr. (or Big John as he's known around campus—and he's always around campus), the man who forged the greatness of the Georgetown basketball program in the 1980s, coached stars like Allen Iverson, Patrick Ewing, Alonzo Mourning, and Dikembe Mutombo, and won the 1984 national championship, Thompson III is a permanent link to the height of the program's glory.
He is his father's son, and his father is Georgetown basketball incarnate.
Thompson Jr. is an icon, and since he resigned in 1999, in the middle of a poor season, his legend has only grown. He shows up to watch Kenner League games in the summer, and sits in his own special, straight-backed wooden chair on the baseline at every home game during the season. Recruits are drawn to Georgetown by his legend and the promise of his involvement. The shiny, brand-new athletic facility on campus bears his name, and a bronze statue of his likeness towers in the building's entrance. Footage from Georgetown basketball's 1980s heyday still features prominently in hype videos played at basketball games.
Advertisement
I went to Georgetown. I covered the basketball team for the student newspaper, and I still attend most home games at the Verizon Center. I'm not exaggerating when I say that depending on who you talk to, you might hear, if you asked around, that John Thompson Jr. is as integral to Georgetown's identity as the Catholic Church.
And so firing his son as head coach would be, to say the least, a fraught undertaking. A bitter severance between the Thompsons and Georgetown basketball would leave the program, and indeed the university, in a vulnerable position. Potential recruits could lose interest without the magnetism of the Thompson family lore; it's not impossible to imagine nostalgic donors closing their checkbooks upon hearing the news.
Thompson III's defenders, dwindling though they may be, will point to his full record at Georgetown: 11 postseason appearances in 12 seasons (8 NCAA tournament berths and 3 NIT appearances), 2007 Final Four appearance, 65 percent career win rate, and tell you this slump is temporary. That could be. But one losing season is bad enough, and two is unacceptable. The reputation of the Georgetown basketball program is on the line, right now.
Advertisement
In a statement to Deadspin, Thompson III said:
First and foremost, our fans are terrific and have been terrific. They've experienced some good times with us, and now, with the stretch we are having, I understand their frustration. There is no one more frustrated than I am. We are accustomed to winning. I know that our players and staff are working hard and playing hard. No one cares more about this program and its tradition than I do.
At any other program, Thompson III would be replaced. But Georgetown is not any other program. At another school, the risk of dumping a losing coach for a new direction is low. At Georgetown, that's not so; losing is bad, but firing Thompson III could be worse.
Advertisement
And this is why, barring an intervention from the university president perhaps, Thompson III will likely be back on the sidelines next season: The Thompson legacy simply means too much to Georgetown.
At this point, it seems Thompson III's tenure can only end in resignation.
Sigma 24mm f/1.4 DG HSM | A ("Art") - Full Format Review / Lens Test Lens Reviews - Canon EOS (Full Format) Article Index Introduction Analysis Sample Images & Verdict Tweet Page 1 of 3 Review by Klaus Schroiff, published July 2015 Introduction Sigma keeps on rolling out more "Art" (professional grade) series lenses - obviously with quite some success as you can also conclude from our previous reviews of Sigma Art lenses. Slowly but steadily Sigma has gained quite a reputation in the professional community as well. This shows that Sigma's "A1" quality control system really does make a difference (are you listening Fuji, Samsung, Pentax, Tokina ...?) - after all pros value optical consistency as much as sheer performance. This time we'll have a look at the Sigma 24mm f/1.4 DG HSM | Art thus a moderate ultra-wide angle lens (full format). Thus now we got "arty" versions of the 24mm, 35mm and 50mm. The 85mm will be next in line for sure in the foreseeable future. Despite having improved the overall quality, Sigma managed to keep the price tags on a really fair level which is surely a relieve for many potential customers since the original manufactures are keep on driving their products to insane levels here. The Sigma 24mm f/1.4 DG HSM | Art sells for roughly 850US$ (800EUR) vs 1550US$ (1400EUR) for the Canon EF 24mm f/1.4 USM L II which could be a good reason to help even loyal Canon customers changing boats ... if the quality is right. Sigma's "Art" series tend to have a superb build quality and the 24mm f/1.4 is no exception to this rule. Besides some metal parts, Sigma uses a new material called TSC (Thermally Stable Composite) which contributes to the high quality perception. The broad focus ring is nicely rubberized and operated smoothly. The physical length of the lens remains constant thanks to internal focusing. One aspect is a bummer though ... there is no weather sealing which may shy off some customers. A petal-shaped (plastic) lens hood is part of the package. The lens features HSM, which is Sigma's version of an ultrasonic drive. Typical for many HSM lenses, the AF is virtually silent and very fast - at least in conventional phase-detection AF mode. Contrast AF in Live-View mode is usable and has improved quite a bit in the latest DSLR generation. The lens is also compatible with Sigma USB dock so you can tune the AF calibration at will if you see the need and are willing to invest a little extra. Specifications Optical construction 15 elements in 11 groups including 3xSLD, 3xFLD and 2x aspherical elements Number of aperture blades 9 (rounded) min. focus distance 0.25m (max. magnification ratio 1:5.2) Dimensions 85x90.2mm Weight 665g Filter size 77mm (non-rotating) Hood petal-shaped (bayonet mount, supplied) Other features -
Adultery has been decriminalized in Europe and many parts of Latin America. But it is still illegal in the Philippines, where a married woman can be charged with adultery for any act of sexual intercourse with a man who is not her husband, while a married man can only be charged with “concubinage,” which requires either keeping a mistress at his home or having sex “under scandalous circumstances.” In some Muslim countries whose legal systems rely on or incorporate sharia law, anti-adultery statutes undervalue women's testimony and can be exploited by men to dispatch with an unwanted wife. The punishments meted out against women accused of adultery can also be severe.
In theory, South Korea's adultery ban was designed to protect women in a society where men commonly pursued extramarital affairs, according to Kathy Moon, the SK-Korea Foundation chair in Korea Studies at the Brookings Institution. The law was enacted in 1953, the tumultuous year in which the Korean War ended. “You had so many women and men who had lost families ... tens of thousands that had fled from the northern part [of Korea], who had left their families behind ... or lost them in the frenzy and chaos of the refugee flow,” Moon told me. “In that sense, [the law] was an attempt to create order and stability, and, especially for those marrying for the first time, to set a certain standard.” Moon also mentioned the need to move past 35 years of Japanese colonial rule between 1910 and 1945. “For a lot of the value-maintaining elite, they condemned Japanese colonial rule partly for introducing ‘lewd sexual mores,'” she said. The statute was also meant to benefit women in a society with a tradition, at least in elite circles, of men keeping concubines.
Nevertheless, Moon largely rejected the notion that the South Korea's ban was progressive or protected women. She pointed out that neo-Confucianists lobbied for the law in the 1950s in an effort to reestablish an authentic Confucian social order (last week, a Korean Confucianist organization called the law's repeal “deplorable”), and argued that the legislation was ineffective and hypocritical. “For many of the elite and the wealthy [men], they were able since 1953 to maintain multiple women and have regular affairs without any kind of social stigma from male society, and for the most part women of the older generation kind of just took it as part of their fate,” she said. In practice, The New York Times notes, the law was often wielded to compel a spouse to accept a divorce or to blackmail married women who had been unfaithful.
If the repeal of South Korea's adultery law proves to be a net gain for women's rights, there's still a lot of work to be done. Although South Korean women have many more educational and economic opportunities now than they did in 1953, major gender inequities remain. In the World Economic Forum's most recent gender gap report, South Korea ranked 117 out of 142 countries. Only 55 percent of working-age women are employed compared with 76 percent of men, and women are grossly underrepresented in government. Moon said that domestic violence is a massive and mostly overlooked problem, and that immigrant women have recently been arriving in the country as brides, mainly to be used as “child producers.” “These women have very little access to [the] Korean language, they come from relatively poor backgrounds ... their husbands sometimes divorce them without the women even knowing what's going on,” she explained. If women are being disempowered in South Korea, it's clearly not just by philandering husbands.
MONTGOMERY, Alabama -- U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson in an order today lambasted two key prosecution witnesses in the State House vote-buying case as being motivated by political ambition and racial prejudice.
Thomson said Republicans Sen. Scott Beason of Gardendale and former Rep. Benjamin Lewis of Dothan had ulterior motives when they assisted investigators in the case. Beason and Lewis were key prosecution witnesses in the case, in which VictoryLand owner Milton McGregor and others were charged with offering and taking bribes to try to get a gambling bill approved in the Alabama Legislature. The two Republicans said they approached FBI agents after they felt gambling interests made improper offers to try to secure their votes on the bill.
"The evidence introduced at trial contradicts the self-serving portrait of Beason and Lewis as untouchable opponents of corruption. In reality, Beason and Lewis had ulterior motives rooted in naked political ambition and pure racial bias," Thompson wrote.
"The court finds that Beason and Lewis lack credibility for two reasons. First, their motive for cooperating with F.B.I. investigators was not to clean up corruption but to increase Republican political fortunes by reducing African-American voter turnout. Second, they lack credibility because the record establishes their purposeful, racist intent," Thompson wrote.
Beason wore a wire for the FBI, and the recordings picked up a conversation among Republicans talking about the effect a gambling referendum would have on voter turn-out during an election.
They talked about how "every black, every illiterate," would be taken to the polls on "HUD-financed buses."
In another conversation, Beason used the word "aborigines" to refer to people at Greenetrack, a casino in predominately black Greene County.
Thompson said such statements "demonstrate a deep-seated racial animus and a desire to suppress black votes."
Although Thompson criticized the two key prosecution witnesses, he ruled for prosecutors in the order, saying statements of alleged co-conspirators could be admitted at trial.
Thompson found there was evidence that the defendants participated in a bribery scheme. He said it is up to jurors to decide if it the evidence meetings the beyond a reasonable doubt standard.
Thompson said McGregor had enormous financial motive to bribe legislators, and he said "evidence indicates that McGregor was aware that (Ronnie) Gilley was offering funds from his loan to lawmakers in the form of illicit bribes."
"Just as the racist statements of the government's witnesses speak for themselves, much of the evidence against the defendants stands on its own," Thompson wrote.
Read the order
SHANGHAI (REUTERS) – China's home-grown C919 passenger jet took to the skies on its long-delayed maiden flight on Friday (May 9), a major step for Beijing as it looks to raise its profile in the global aviation market and boost high-tech manufacturing at home.
The white, green and blue aircraft, with “C919” emblazoned on its tail, sped along the tarmac at Shanghai's international airport and lifted off under overcast skies in front of thousands of dignitaries, aviation workers and enthusiasts.
The narrow-body jet, which will compete with Boeing's 737 and the Airbus A320, soon disappeared into the clouds carrying its skeleton crew of five pilots and engineers. State broadcaster CCTV sent out live footage from the plane, which had no passenger seats installed for the maiden flight.
The jet is a symbol of China's ambitions to muscle into a global jet market estimated to be worth US$2 trillion (S$2.8 trillion) over the next two decades, as well as Beijing's broader “Made in China 2025” plan to spur home-made products, from medicines to robots.
“The significance is huge, it's the first ever large-frame aircraft made in China,” Xiong Yuexi, a plane design expert at Beihang University in Beijing said ahead of the launch. “It has a great impact for the Chinese people and the domestic market.”
Attendees gather as a Chinese C919 passenger jet sits on the tarmac before its scheduled first flight at Pudong International Airport. PHOTO: REUTERS
State television reported the plane's test flight would last one-and-a-half hours at a height of around 3,000m and at a speed of 290-300km per hour. According to aircraft tracker Flightradar24, the plane flew over the Yangtze River estuary and headed due north.
The C919, made by state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), has seen its test flight pushed back at least twice since 2014 due to production issues, underlining the scale of the task facing Beijing.
China first gave the world a glimpse of the plane, which will be able to carry 158-168 passengers, in November 2015 when it rolled it out at a ceremony in Shanghai.
Analysts, however, say the C919 will lag technologically behind improved versions of the A320 and 737 which will enter service in the next two years. China Eastern Airlines is the launch customer for the plane, which COMAC says has 570 orders from 23 customers.
The plane also relies on an array of overseas technology, with CFM International, a joint venture between General Electric's aerospace arm and a unit of French firm Safran supplying the engines.
Others include Honeywell International Inc, United Technologies Corp subsidiary Goodrich, Rockwell Collins Inc and a unit of Parker-Hannifin Corp.
Spectators watch as a Chinese C919 passenger jet taxis for takeoff. PHOTO: AFP
JUST THE START
Conceived in 2008, China wants the C919 to eventually take market share from Boeing and Airbus in the lucrative narrow-body market which accounts for more than 50 per cent of the aircraft in service worldwide.
However, the jet likely faces a lengthy journey from first flight to commercial usage.
China's first home-made jet, the regional ARJ-21, received its type certification in December 2014, six years after its first flight and more than 12 years after it was conceived. It made its maiden passenger flight in June last year.
Then there is also the daunting task of selling the jet in a global market dominated by Boeing and Airbus.
“Aviation is a complex market and you need experience over a long time. Boeing has 100 years, Airbus has over 40 years,” said Sinolink Securities analyst Si Jingzhe, adding COMAC still lagged far behind in terms of supply chain know-how.
China is pushing for recognition globally of its certification by European and US regulators. Without their certification, China would only be able to sell the jet to a handful of countries that accept its certification standards.
Beijing is also already looking beyond the C919, with plans to develop a wide-body long-haul jet with Russia. In November COMAC and its partner United Aircraft Corp said they have started the hunt to find suppliers.
The website Re/code posted an unconfirmed article on Friday re: Sprint's Next Generation Network which stated “sources familiar with the initiative said Sprint plans to cut its network costs by relocating its radio equipment from tower space it has leased from Crown Castle and American Tower to spots on government owned properties which costs much less.” The article also alleges that Sprint is attempting to reduce its dependency on AT&T and Verizon's high-speed fiber optic cables. Directly after posting this article, shares of American Tower (AMT), Crown Castle (CCI) and SBA Communications (SBAC), were down 3%, 6%, and 8%, respectively, while Sprint dropped 9%.
I wanted to write a clarification in response to this, to provide our readers with a more robust analysis of what's happening behind the curtains. Not only was the article cited above sufficiently bad enough to devalue Sprint, the very fact that it did so was completely unwarranted. It
demonstrates poor inductive reasoning skills to arrive at an erroneous conclusion, stating that Sprint plans on abandoning its existing collocations on American Tower and Crown Castle towers as part of its Next Generation Network buildout. Please note that we don't own stock or perform services for either tower company and we don't work for Sprint (but we do have a small holding in S stock). In fact, we regularly assist landowners in negotiating cell tower leases against each of the Big Three Tower Companies and Big Four Wireless Carriers.
Perhaps it is easier to share some facts that we know/have about Sprint's Next Generation Network, which should enable you to see how these propositions can be improperly evaluated to form a wrong conclusion, such as the one that Re/Code came up with.
WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT SPRINT'S NEXT GENERATION NETWORK
Sprint has been issuing Requests for Proposals, along with many, many revisions, for its Next Generation Network (NGN) network buildout for almost a year now. Previously, the strategy behind Sprint's Network Vision network plan was to substantially reduce the amount of equipment at each site by consolidating multiple carriers' (Sprint, Nextel, and Clearwire) frequencies into one set of equipment. The NGN has been an attempt to densify Sprint's network using a small number of new macrocell towers, along with a substantial number of mini-macro small cells. Mini-macro cell sites are smaller than traditional cell tower sites, but larger than small cells. Sprint has entered into an agreement with Mobilitie to fund and deploy these mini-macro sites, like the one shown here, which was submitted to Salem City, MA on November 6, 2015 (and ultimately rejected by the City). Estimates for the number of mini-macro sites to be deployed are between 50,000 and 70,000. Sprint is using these mini-macro sites to densify its network and to optimize the high frequency spectrum (2.5GHz) acquired from Clearwire, which requires denser deployment of cell sites in order to be effective. When deployed correctly, the higher frequency spectrum is ideal for handling massive amounts of data traffic. Based upon inquiries to our municipal clients, it appears that Mobilitie is targeting government and utility owned property for these mini-macro cell sites. Other attempts by wireless carriers to deploy small cells on private property have demonstrated that, while the equipment cost for small cells is significantly less than a large macrocell (or tower site), the site acquisition and routing of power and backhaul is comparable to deploying a macrocell. As a result, we have observed a significant increase in the number of requests being made to cities, counties and townships across the country for the lease and use of municipal owned utility structures, or the placement of new structures/ antennas in existing utility rights of way. At this point, we are unaware of any municipalities that have actually completed deployment of mini-macro sites. Mobilitie appears to be testing the market and attempting to enter into franchise agreements and master lease agreements with municipalities prior to buildout. If Mobilitie and/or Sprint are treated as a utility, in many states they receive the benefit of paying federally regulated pole attachment rates when installing equipment. Furthermore, Mobilitie (and other similar small cell and Distributed Antenna System developers, such as Crown Castle) often attempt to convince local municipalities that they can't be charged traditional lease rates or franchise fees for new poles. The reason is that the federal pole attachment rates are often pennies on the dollar, as compared to what they would be charged otherwise by these same utilities or municipalities. Furthermore, by using existing poles, small cell providers avoid some but not all of the onerous zoning hurdles that often accompany the erection of new towers. We have a few hundred municipal clients across the United States who we advise daily on the appropriate lease rates they should be charging for macrocell tower leases. Lease rates for macrocell towers, cell sites on rooftops, and water towers on governmental property in urban and suburban areas are typically more than 25% above those on commensurate private property. The only places where lease rates are less than private leases are in large federal agencies with large rural land holdings such as the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, and the National Forest Service. However, with those entities, lease negotiations take years and there are substantial environmental hurdles that have to be met before any lease can approve. Crown Castle and American Tower have long term tenant leases in place with Sprint. These leases have on average between 7-8 years remaining before the tenants can terminate. This means that Sprint likely will not (because it cannot) terminate its leases with Crown Castle and American Tower for the next 7-8 years. Sprint technically still owns the 6,600 towers they sold to Crown Castle in 2007 (via an intermediary, Global Signal). Crown Castle is subleasing those towers from Sprint under a pre-paid capitalized sublease agreement. Those sites are also subject to a master lease agreement with defined lease rates, which are fairly valued, in our opinion. Sprint has on multiple occasions issued Requests for Proposals (RFP) to any tower companies that identify a list of Sprint sites where the ground lease or the collocation lease for the tower or cell site are costly (As have other wireless carriers like AT&T). Sprint requests in the RFP that those tower companies with an interest in building alternative sites/towers next to the problematic sites propose lease terms for Sprint. Sprint would enter into a Build to Suit agreement with the winning tower company(s) and move their equipment from the costly tower to the newly built tower. Historically, these RFPs have resulted in just a very small percentage (>5%) of relocations. More likely, in our opinion, these RFPs are generated specifically to encourage the negotiation of master lease agreements with the large tower companies, and are not intended to result in the actual relocation of a significant number of macrocell towers. Sprint wants to use Clearwire spectrum and microwave sites for its backhaul. The 2.5GHz spectrum is effective at transmitting high amounts of data. This would allow Sprint to avoid leasing (to a certain extent) fiber backhaul from AT&T, Verizon, and every other fiber provider that provides dark or lit fiber service to Sprint. It is important to recognize though that eventually the traffic must connect to the landline network, and often this will be done through fiber.
STEEL IN THE AIR'S FORECAST REGARDING SPRINT'S NEXT PLAY
Re/code appears to be inferring, from the limited public information available about the NGN along with information from “an unknown source”, that Sprint's plan includes the relocation of existing collocations on Crown Castle and American Tower sites en masse to those built by Mobilitie onto government owned properties. We believe that Re/code and/or their sources came to this conclusion erroneously. While it's true that Mobilitie and Sprint are seeking to develop mini-macros on governmental land and utility structures, they are not going to terminate thousands (or even hundreds) of standing macro cell collocation leases with American Tower and Crown Castle as a result. The mini-macro cells are complementary to the macro cells, and exist underneath and in-between the macrocells, creating what the industry refers to as a Het-Net or heterogeneous network. In a Het-Net, both components are equally critical, since macro cells provide overarching coverage and support a large number of individual users, while the mini-macros are meant to augment and facilitate highly localized data traffic. Consider that it takes 10-30 small cells to replace the coverage of one macrocell. So, to sum up this point, Sprint is not deploying mini-macros in order to terminate its existing macrocell leases; rather, they are deploying them to add capacity to their standing towers. They are certainly targeting governmental properties which are commensurately cheaper in states that have chosen to adhere to federal pole attachment regulations and rates. For those states that haven't, there isn't a significant cost advantage.
Found this article helpful? Sign up to receive in-depth wireless analysis, news, trends, and reports. I'm interested in content for -- Landowners Tower Companies Investment in Wireless Industry Experts Leave this field empty if you're human:
Sprint and Mobilitie may choose to use small cells/mini-macros to reduce the number of new collocations on existing American Tower, Crown Castle, and SBAC towers in urban and densely populated suburban areas where mini-macros make fiscal sense. However, in rural areas and sparely populated suburban areas, collocations on existing cell towers are too cost efficient and Sprint has and will continue to collocate on such towers. In other words, Sprint's NGN plan will reduce the number of new inbound collocation leases on macrocell towers, like those owned by Crown Castle and American Tower, but by and far between, this does not justify a wholesale move by Sprint from American Tower and Crown Castle towers to Mobilitie owned and developed macrocell towers on governmental property.
As it pertains to existing collocations on American Tower and Crown Castle towers, Sprint is under master leases with both companies that limit its ability to leave the towers, and it is our strong opinion that Sprint is not that incentivized overall to do so. There will be cases where Sprint (and other carriers) will opportunistically use small cells to reduce their dependence on some of their more expensive leases. However, the cost of relocating from one site to another is substantial ($100,000+), and the burden of getting zoning approval for a new tower near an existing one in most urban and suburban markets is quite cumbersome. Local municipalities push hard against the proliferation of towers, especially when there are standing towers that have enough structural capacity for the intended user of the new tower.
RE/CODE'S FLAWED REASONSING COULD MISLEAD INVESTORS
There will not be a mass migration from AMT and CCI towers due to Sprint terminating its collocation leases. At worst, there may be opportunistic terminations by Sprint on a few hundred towers as Sprint attempts to demonstrate a show of force in their negotiations on upcoming master leases. However, with 20,000 to 30,000 leases on the public tower company towers, Sprint is still beholden to the public tower companies, whether it wants to be or not. Sprint and Mobilitie will continue to build mini-macros on governmental property or utility rights of way. These sites will be cheaper than those built on private property or on the public tower company's towers. CCI probably has more to lose than AMT or SBAC in this regard due to their substantially bigger interest and investment in small cells. We are seeing specific instances where both CCI and Mobilitie are actively courting our municipal clients in an attempt to gain access to municipal rights of way and structures. We wonder whether sources from Sprint planted this story with Re/Code or gave them enough information such that Re/Code's author jumped to the wrong conclusions. Sprint's unwillingness to confirm or deny this story is expected. The decrease to the tower company market caps certainly helps Sprint in pending master lease negotiations.
OUR CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATIONS
Unless Re/code and its sources can provide more documentation regarding the specifics of this plan, this story by Re/code seems to be more harmful than helpful, and demonstrates what poor inductive reasoning can do. While we aren't that optimistic that Sprint's Next Generation Network will reverse Sprint's fortunes, we also don't see that the almost 10% drop in value was warranted from Re/code's unconfirmed reporting. If you were bullish on Sprint before, you should be even more so now.
About the author: Ken Schmidt is the foremost expert in the country on cell tower leases. He is the owner and founder of Steel in the Air, Inc. Steel in the Air assists public and private landowners and structure owners with negotiating cell tower leases.
It appears that yesterday's iOS 7 lockscreen bypass described by Forbes isn't the only one. One of our readers, Mariusz, reports that one can abuse “Emergency Call” screen and connect with whatever telephone number is entered.
The procedure for a free call is simple. Go to “Emergency Screen”, then enter the number you would like to reach, and press green button (multiple times, very fast). iPhone will crash, showing you the white-apple-on-black-screen, but after a few seconds, the call will be connected and you will be able to start your conversation with whoever you called.
Video description of the bug, recorded by Piotr Paluszek
There is one problem though, you are not able to disconnect …but you can always restart you iPhone pressing “sleep” and “home” button simultaneously.
The risk of this “hack” is obvious — if someone gets hands on your iPhone, he or she may use your minutes to call, say, Poland “for free”. ;-)
Przeczytaj także:
By Ann Fowler
The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) has scheduled an update workshop on May 23 for the proposed Oak Hill Parkway. The goal is to relieve traffic congestion along U.S. 290 West from MoPac through the ‘Y' to FM 1826. TxDOT wants to create a tollway to do just that, with the project in the fifth year of an environmental impact study (EIS).
At the meeting, official will provide the latest information about the EIS, the noise analysis process and updated tree surveys.
Officials have chosen project designs known as Alternatives A and C for the roadway, and will measure them against the No-Build Alternative, an unlikely scenario given it's status as the 55th most congested roadway in Texas according to the Texas A&M Transportation Institute.
U.S. 290 was built as a state highway in 1927, while State Highway 71 was created as a Farm-to-Market Road in 1944. In the 1980s, the state built the raised portion of the roadway from MoPac to Joe Tanner. It is the remaining stretch through William Cannon and the ‘Y' that continue to cause traffic headaches for commuters.
A traffic survey shows that the traffic jams cost drivers 173,000 hours of delay per mile annually through this stretch of road.
Some locals disagree with the road planners' insistence in an elevated multi-lane roadway that would give a much faster commute to a log-jammed MoPac, while others just want the traffic nightmare to end.
Roadway officials note that traffic demand on this corridor demands a project that meets the traffic demand along the corridor today as well as future traffic projections.
Some local residents would like officials to work on getting people out of their cars through mass transit or telecommuting. Despite heavy congestion seen daily through the ‘Y' and along MoPac – the main roadways in and out of Oak Hill — Capital Metro has proposed removing almost all local service based on a “low residential density”, while no mention is made of the very high traffic density.
Construction of wider lanes through the area will necessitate someday removing the Oak Hill Flyer's current park and ride at William Cannon and U.S. 290 West, but it is unclear where a new one might go and how or if the Oak Hill Parkway design will accommodate it.
Local resident Tom Thayer hopes a new park and ride west of the ‘Y' is chosen to spare people having to suffer the congestion through the ‘Y.'
As TxDOT waits for the completion of the EIS, interim intersection fixes were designed to help in the short-term. Simple fixes at Convict Hill and FM 1826 have allowed two lanes to turn off the busy roadway. But the continuous-flow intersection at William Cannon Drive and U.S. 290 west has resulted in a 35 percent increase in accidents according to Austin Police Department data, plus complaints from drivers on William Cannon who say their wait times have dramatically increased.
Thayer plans to attend the workshop. He told the Gazette, “The Oak Hill Parkway is very important to Oak Hill as evidenced by the traffic at rush hour. However, it is such an important project that it is vital to get it right as the end product will affect Oak Hill for years to come.”
Thayer does not believe a tollway is the best design for the roadway, and points to a recent bill to expand private toll roads, HB 2861, that was defeated in the Texas Legislature. The Oak Hill Parkway was specifically mentioned in that bill.
“Around the state, public sentiment is turning against the notion that all new roads should be toll roads,” Thayer said.
“We don't comment on legislation during session,” said TxDOT's Veronica Beyer. Those who pay attention to how the Texas Legislature works know that text from a defeated bill may show up as an amendment to another bill before session ends.
Thayer points out, “The legislature and the voters have authorized billions in transportation funding that is not to be used for toll roads. Is anyone fighting for Oak Hill to get any of this money?”
Oak Hill Parkway officials point out, “… if other funding sources become available to fund construction and maintenance of the Oak Hill Parkway project, and the region prioritizes spending that money on the Oak Hill Parkway, it would not need to be tolled.”
Those unable to attend the Oak Hill Parkway update workshop can find information posted online at www.OakHillParkway.com in late May.
The workshop will be held Tuesday, May 23, from 6 to 8 p.m. at the Oak Hill United Methodist Church – Children's Center, 7815 U.S. 290 West.
Adult children raised by single mothers wish their moms a happy Father's Day in this intriguing, unconventional take on the holiday by Deutsch LA for Georgia Pacific's Angel Soft bathroom tissue.
The two-and-a-half-minute video presents various men and women who speak directly to the camera, thanking their moms for being both mothers and fathers in their lives. "She did it all, as though she was two people," one subject says. The others echo this sentiment, explaining how their moms combined softness and strength, tying back to the brand's new tagline, "Be soft, be strong," which is introduced here.
Quite a few of these folks get choked up, but that's de rigueur for the "gratitude advertising" category, and the tears are balanced by some lighter moments. (One guy recalls his mom teaching him to defend himself on the playground: "She was like, 'When you punch, you put your knuckle out and you just go for it.' I don't even know if that's a thing.")
Sure, this is another attempt to yank viewers' heartstrings, but the novel concept and no-frills presentation really carry the day. The subjects simply tell their stories, and there are no "dramatic appearances" by the moms, or clichéd hug sessions, so the spot feels less contrived than others in the genre. Another plus: The ad honors moms and dads by implicitly acknowledging the importance of the latter.
All that said, the work, from my perspective, has a basic conceptual flaw. While well-meaning, it could be be construed as trading in gender stereotypes. Some might find the suggestion of one parent typically being "soft" and the other "strong" kind of regressive. (Gee, I wonder which is supposed to be which?)
Don't men and women—raising kids alone or together, or childless, for that matter—usually combine both traits to varying degrees?
CREDITS
Client: Angel Soft
Chief Marketing Officer: Douwe Bergsma
Senior Vice President, General Manager, Bath Tissue: Vivek Joshi
Senior Marketing Director, Brand Center: Shari Neumann
Senior Brand Director: Joe Stempien
Senior Brand Manager: Todd Wingfield
Brand Manager: Melissa Blunte
Agency: Deutsch LA
Creative Credits:
Chief Creative Officer, North America: Pete Favat
Executive Creative Directors:: Karen Costello, Juan Oubina
Associate Creative Directors: Melissa Langston-Wood, Jorge Ortega:
Director of Integrated Production: Vic Palumbo
Executive Integrated Producer: Rachel Seitel
Integrated Producer: Win Bates
Associate Integrated Producer: Justin Polk
Music Director: Dave Rocco
Account Management Credits:
Group Account Directors: Erik Petersen, Montse Barrena
Account Directors:: Megan Prince, Lauren Pollare
Account Executive:: Melanie Faessler
Assistant Account Executive : Bianca Brittain
Account Planning:
Chief Strategic Officer: Colin Drummond
Executive Planning Director: Jeffrey Blish
Group Planning Director:: Thas Naseemuddeen
Account Planner: Eva Cantor
Digital Strategist: Janet Shih
Business Affairs/Traffic:
Director of Integrated Business Affairs: Abilino Guillermo:
Senior Business Affairs Manager: Terry Miglin
Director or Broadcast Traffic: Carie Bonillo
Broadcast Traffic Coordinator: Anna Brito
Executives:
Chief Executive Officer, North America: Mike Sheldon
President, Los Angeles: Kim Getty
Production Company: Steelhead
Director: Eric Kaufman
Executive Producer: Ted Markovic
Producer: Matt Johnson
Line Producer: Melissa Verdugo
Editing Company: Steelhead
Editor: Morgan Griswold
Executive Producer: Ted Markovic
Producer: Simone Gurren
Postproduction Facility: Company 3
Executive Producer: Rhubie Jovanov
Senior Colorist: Stefan Sonnenfeld
Visual Effects: Steelhead
Executive Producer: Ted Markovic
Broadcast Motion Design Director: Jason Porter
Music: Elias Arts
Track Title: "Father's Day"
Executive Creative Director: Vincenzo LoRusso
Creative Director: Michael Goldstein
Sorry about your country lol
A mad horse appeared in Judecca 1000 years ago.
At the time, Judecca was in absolute turmoil. The fatal virus; Black Famine had claimed the lives of both the Unicorn and Pegasus High Priests. The two Unicorn Princes had yet to return from their quest to find a cure, leaving only the Earth Pony High Priest to fight the ensuing chaos.
The Chaos Storms that had plagued Judecca ever since the Chroma Borealis nearly 2000 years ago had awoken once more. Torrents of boiling, poisonous rain poured from the sky for days at a time, crops evaporated into bright, pink sugar, and unnatural gravitational forces threatened to rip the land apart.
Yet despite the suffering that had gripped Judecca, it's people remained strong. They sheltered one another and weathered the Chaos Storms for centuries. They managed to scrape by with what little they could gather and grow during the brief calms of the Storm.
Judecca would survive.
There is no documented information on where Black Famine first originated, but its connection to the Chaos Storms is indisputable. The cold grip of the incurable virus swept across the nation. To become infected was a death sentence. The only question was how long it would take for the virus' symptoms to become fatal. Black Famine was fickle and unpredictable, those afflicted could survive anywhere between 3 weeks to 3 decades.
But perhaps most peculiar was the virus' inclination towards infecting Unicorns and Pegasi, rather than Earth Ponies.
While Unicorns were blessed with magic and Pegasi with flight, Jud saw fit to bless the Earth Ponies with natural endurance and resistance to illness.
By the time that the madman arrived, the population of Judecca had been wildly skewed in favor of the Earth Pony. Their immunity to Black Famine had made them the dominant majority and a discord had begun to spring up between the Earth Pony and the dwindling minority of Unicorns and Pegasi.
The different races had begun to blame each other for the suffering that had befallen their beloved country.
Some of them had begun to hate one another.
The mad horse was condemned as a heretic within a week of his arrival in the heart of Judecca.
His ideals were "despicable, poisonous, and wildly discriminatory".
The crippled, veiled stallion proposed that it was indeed the fault of Unicorns and Pegasi that the Chaos Storms had appeared in the first place.
That their god; Jud had been sending them a clear message all along. A message that the current High Priest had been blinded to.
Black Famine was not a trial to test their faith and trust in one another, but a condemnation of the inferior races.
The mad horse was imprisoned after he began provoking violent rebellion among the Judeccan population.
He proposed that the Unicorns and Pegasi be cast out and left to fend for themselves.
The mad horse was exiled along with his growing following of zealous Earth Ponies.
He proposed that the Unicorns and Pegasi be thrown into a great pit and be left to suffer the ailments of Black Famine.
The mad horse led an invasion of the High Priests' holy ziggurat; Rahk Shahala.
Despite the efforts of powerful Unicorns and Pegasi, his mob of furious Earth Ponies succeeded through sheer numbers.
The mad horse decreed from the ramparts of the temple that Judecca would never be the same again.
That every stallion, mare, filly, and colt had something to fear should they be born with wings or a horn.
The Earth Ponies of Judecca were blinded by fear, hatred, and distrust. In time they would all learn to obey.
And when the Chaos Storms refused to disperse the Judicator turned their eyes to a new target.
A land far across the desert in the North. A land that they had been tasked to purify.
The Judicator turned their eyes towards Equestria.
"All I need is time. You've given me plenty of that."
(Part I Here) It takes a while to drive up to a decent trout stream from where I live. About the time the first side of the cassette ended (sides one and two of The White Album) I stopped at a country store for a diet green tea and a protein snack bar (I'm such a Boomer health junkie now). I hopped back into the truck, flipped the cassette to listen to sides three and four and headed up through the red and gold of the hills toward the river, heartened by what The Beatles were revealing to me and anxious to find out if I could be drawn in again….
********************************************************************************************
Sometime during the recording of The White Album Peter Townshend gave an interview that incensed Paul McCartney. Townshend claimed that, while The Fabs wrote wonderful songs, The Who rocked harder. McCartney took the interview to the other 3 Fabs and they were equally appalled at Townshend's cheek. Side three of The Beatles is primarily a smack down of The Who for presuming to suggest that they might be actual rivals to “the toppermost of the poppermost.”
It's not the first time the Beatles took such measures to put a rival band in its place. Early in the relationship between The Beatles and The Rolling Stones, Jagger gushed about John and Paul's songwriting so that John, he of the hard exterior and generous impulses, offered to write a song for them. Lennon and McCartney penned “I Wanna Be Your Man” and The Stones recorded it. But The Beatles promptly took the song and recorded it (with Ringo on lead vocal) and their version outstripped the Stones' (which was a UK hit). Both John and Paul considered it a lesser effort. As Lennon noted dryly sometime later, “We weren't going to give them anything great, right?”
********************************************************************************************
“Birthday” is a song that people love or hate. The lead guitar (John, I suspect) is run through a Leslie speaker (which explains the wonderful whirring distortion at the song's end). Ringo's opening drum licks are too compressed for my taste, but it was 1968….And everyone should listen to Paul's bass lines – they make this song. It's your basic rock blood pumper with all the technology current to the time applied….
Moving from “Birthday” to “Yer Blues” is always disconcerting to me. “Birthday” is all adrenalin and dancing like Snoopy; “Yer Blues” is all anger and angst. It's a great song, but it's juxtaposition against “Birthday's” manic glee is too sudden a shift. To go from “I'm glad it's your birthday/We're gonna have a good time” to “Yes, I'm lonely/Wanna die” so suddenly discomfits me every time….
So I was relieved to get to “Mother Nature's Son.” It farms some of the same ground as “Blackbird” (though not as deeply or richly as that song). I do like the horns, though. And the coda with its diminished chord finish is McCartney at his croon-y best: “Ahh…Mother Nature's Son….”
Then comes another of those strings of magical song craft that made them and no one else The Beatles – “Everybody's Got Something to Hide (Except for Me and My Monkey)”; Sexy Sadie”; and that masterpiece of cacophony and serial killer inspiration, “Helter Skelter.” Then for a coda, George's gorgeous paean to lost and found love, “Long Long Long.”
The Beatles loved treble more than any other rock band of the classic period – it must be traced their rock and roll roots. Old rock and rollers played with lots of treble because their amps weren't very big and treble compensated because higher pitched sounds carry better. By the time of The White Album that problem had been solved (as The Who, Hendrix, and Cream had demonstrated forcibly), but no one had convinced John Lennon (or ever did) to dial back the treble button on his Epiphone Casino. The shrill chord progression that launches “Everybody's Got…” could be no one but John. The song is a rave up like “Birthday,” and has no more purpose – though at least more wit (“Your inside is out/And your outside is in…”) – it's a John song, after all. “C'mon, C'mon” indeed….
As “Everybody's Got…” fades, we pick up the tinny cat house piano intro to “Sexy Sadie,” John's savaging of the Maharishi. The bluesy question and response: “Sexy Sadie, what have you done?/You made a fool of everyone…” that opens the song and the subsequent address, “Sexy Sadie, How did you know?/The world was waiting just for you…” point out the Maharishi's “looking for the main chance” mentality and lead to John's final address to the holy man who'd disappointed him by, among other things, making a pass at Mia Farrow: “Sexy Sadie, you'll get yours yet/However big you think you are….” (Deepak Chopra demurs, but as John observed about himself and his monkey, everybody's got something to hide….)
Then comes the album's second tour de force – “Helter Skelter.” It's a screaming rocker from the first chord slide right into McCartney's oddly creepy playground metaphor lyric:
When I get to the bottom
I go back to the top of the slide,
Where I stop and I turn
And I go for a ride
Til I get to the bottom and I see you again… – Helter Skelter
It's “loud, sweaty and nasty” – just what McCartney wanted after reading the Townshend interview and hearing him refer to the latest Who tune that way. It looks forward to heavy metal and backward to Little Richard – no mean feat. Its extended form anticipates prog-rock and jam band. And it ends with Ringo screaming, “I got blisters on my fingers!”
It's fantastic.
How do The Beatles follow such an F-5 tornado of a song?
As they usually do, brilliantly.
George's “Long Long Long” is as intimate and moody as “I Will” and “Julia” from earlier in the album. And like those two, its lyric is pitch perfect expressing the aching amazement we feel when love is lost, then found again:
It's been a long long long time,
How could I ever have lost you
When I loved you. It took a long long long time
Now I'm so happy I found you
How I love you So many tears I was searching,
So many tears I was wasting, oh. Oh– Now I can see you, be you
How can I ever misplace you
How I want you
Oh I love you
You know that I need you.
Ooh I love you. – Long Long Long
*************************************************************************************************
“Revolution #1” (as opposed to “Revolution,” the version released as a single with “Hey Jude” – or “Revolution #9,” which will be discussed shortly) is as groovy as anything from the sixties. Slowed from the pace of the single to a more traditional shuffle speed, some of the explosive urgency that drives John's complaint against violence is lost. And when we get to the chorus, the background “shoo be doowahs” behind John's “It's gonna be all right” change the song from a Lennon cry of disappointment in the counter culture to The Beatles getting cheeky with their own earnestness….
“Honey Pie” is Paul's music hall number – like “When I'm 64,” “Your Mother Should Know,” and “Maxwell's Silver Hammer,” it's hokey and wonderful all at once, driven by tinkly piano and Dixieland horns (Paul's dad played in a Dixieland band in Liverpool), the song is silly – and charming. A lot like Paul, actually. And that lyric –
Oh, Honey Pie
You are driving me frantic
Sail across the Atlantic
To be where you belong… – Honey Pie
You can see Paul in his alter ego Ramon crooning this at some holiday camp, smiling and winking at the birds the entire time….
As “Savoy Truffle” came on, I thought about a wonderful poem by Richard Brautigan:
I felt so bad today,
I wanted to write a poem.
Any poem.
This poem.
That's a little bit what “Savoy Truffle” is like. George was living a cocooned life as a Beatle – he lived in a mansion, he ate in the best restaurants, he was chauffeured everywhere – but he was 25 years old and a prisoner of fame. Life must have felt a lot like the John Gay poem:
Life is a jest,
And all things show it;
I thought so once,
But now I know it.
“Savoy Truffle” is a playful song – it's George riding back from a visit to The Savoy for dinner and thinking about the dessert menu and how it would make a song. Maybe he'd got a little indigestion – or guilt:
You know that what you eat you are,
But what is sweet now, turns so sour–
We all know Obla-Di-Bla-Da
But can you show me, where you are…? – Savoy Truffle
But that dessert menu is so tempting you know he'll hit it again next time he dines there:
Creme tangerine and montelimat
A ginger sling with a pineapple heart
A coffee dessert–yes you know its good news
But you'll have to have them all pulled out
After the Savoy truffle. – Savoy Truffle
Then comes “Cry Baby Cry.”
John's lyrics read like they're lifted from a book of fairy tales (“The king was in the garden /Picking flowers for a friend who came to play”), and they use what sounds like a harpsichord played through a Leslie speaker. It's a haunting song, deeper than John supposed (he called it a “throwaway”) and Paul's “Can You Take Me Back?” fragment at the end only adds to its haunting nature: “Can you take me back?/Where are people?/Can you take me back?” Without meaning to, John and Paul achieved what great fairy tales always do – they tell a seemingly innocuous story that has dark undercurrents to frighten the child within us….
“Revolution #9” is either a mess or a fascinating piece of recorded performance art depending upon who is a one talks to. The tape pastiche with its snatches of conversation, pieces of music, primal screams, and sound effects could never be recorded today. I always listen to it diligently and catch some snippet I'd forgotten over the years. There is a great line, though, that used to make me laugh but now haunts me: “Everyone knew that as time went on they'd get a little bit older and a little bit slower.”
And then we reach the end. “Good Night” is a simple lullaby with a whistled solo and a Ringo vocal that shows that John and Paul really understood their friend and knew what kind of song he could put over well. Like “Yellow Submarine,” “A Little Help From My Friends,” or “Octopus's Garden” it makes one smile. And its closing lyric provides a gentle coda to an album of such disparate genius:
Good night, good night, everybody
Everybody everywhere
Good night… – Good Night
******************************************************************************************
“Good Night” was playing as I parked the truck near the stream where I was going to fish. The song lyrics should have felt disjunctive as I sat within sight of a sun dappled trout stream with a light breeze rippling the red and gold leaves on the trees. After all the fire and reflection of The White Album, the Fabs were doing for me what they've always done – telling me “Don't you know/It's gonna be all right.” My yearning wasn't gone, but I could deal.
Good Night. Everybody. Everywhere.
Archie Parnell is the leading Democrat running for the seat left behind by former Rep. Mick Mulvaney, who's now the director of the Office of Management and Budget. (Screenshot, Courtesy Archie Parnell for Congress)
Democrats enthused by last week's primary in Georgia, and their strong showing in Kansas earlier this month, have been making noise about playing more aggressively in upcoming elections that were previously dismissed as long shots — specifically Montana.
Mentioned less often, however, is South Carolina.
“Most people don't realize SC-05 is the most competitive election of any of the specials we've had so far in terms of congressional matchups,” said South Carolina Democratic strategist Tyler Jones.
By which he means that this district's Democratic candidate for Congress last fall earned a higher percentage of the vote than Democrats in the Kansas or Georgia districts. This year's special election in the Peach State's 6th District got all the early attention, Jones said, because of Hillary Clinton's narrow loss there.
President Donald Trump carried South Carolina's 5th District by 9 points less than he carried Kansas' 4th District in November.
While the Democrat still lost the Kansas special election earlier this month, the Republican winner finished 20 points worse than Trump's margin of victory last fall. If that shift in partisan performance in Kansas were applied in the South Carolina district, “We would win,” Archie Parnell said in a Monday interview.
Parnell is the leading Democrat running for the seat left behind by former Rep. Mick Mulvaney, a co-founder of the Freedom Caucus, who's now the director of the Office of Management and Budget. Before Mulvaney, former Democratic Rep. John M. Spratt Jr. held the seat for 28 years.
Primary politics
The primaries to fill the seat are next week. Unlike Georgia, where 18 candidates from all parties ran together, Democrats and Republicans will run in separate contests on May 2. And if no one receives more than 50 percent of the vote, there'll be runoffs two weeks later.
Out of seven Republicans, three are most often mentioned as front-runners: State House Speaker Pro Tempore Tommy Pope, former state Rep. Ralph Norman, and former South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Chad Connelly.
Among the three Democrats in the race, Parnell has raised the most money and has an impressive team behind him, including John Anzalone for polling and GMMB for media consulting.
“It's not like the guy has spent 10 million bucks, but he is communicating. He's out there, he's a full-time candidate,” said one Democrat involved in the race. Parnell launched his first TV ad Monday, which he said is running on cable and broadcast.
“All the Democratic Party establishment types — he just waved his check — and they fell in line,” said South Carolina Democrat Phil Noble of Parnell, a former Goldman Sachs adviser. Noble questioned how much enthusiasm there is for a relatively unknown candidate on the ground.
Parnell gave his campaign $100,000 of the $243,000 he raised during the first quarter. He's prepared to spend more of his own money on the race, but he wouldn't say how much. “I have a number in my head, but that's in my head,” he said.
Democrat Alexis Frank, a 26-year-old Army veteran, raised just $44,000, and admitted to voting for Mitt Romney. But Jones, the Democratic strategist, cautioned that she's not to be discounted. While Parnell has received the most national attention, both candidates have field operations that often go unnoticed outside the district. And even if Parnell does finish first, he still needs to clear 50 percent, not an easy feat in a three-way primary.
Looking ahead
With Parnell's round tortoise-shell glasses, the 66-year-old tax lawyer doesn't present the boyish fresh-face that Georgia's Jon Ossoff does, nor does he offer the quirkiness of Rob Quist, the Democratic nominee in Montana, who's a musician in the Mission Mountain Wood Band.
But Parnell's defenders say he's not pretending to be anything he isn't, and that might just be his biggest strength.
He supported Clinton in last year's presidential primary, and although he wouldn't wade into social issues in the interview, this father of two daughters left little doubt where he stands on abortion, an issue that recently roiled the Democratic Party's unity tour.
“I'm running for Congress, I'm not running to be anybody's doctor,” he said, adding that he also opposed Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood.
Parnell said he's in touch with the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and that he expects to have more of the group's support after the primary. He'd be particularly appreciative of their resources and assistance in the field, he said.
With a 28 percent African-American population, Democrats argue that the district has more of Democratic base than Kansas. Similar to Georgia's 6th, South Carolina's 5th District includes suburban businesspeople who commute to Charlotte. “It's not a bunch of rednecks,” Noble said.
Parnell knows the race will be a “steep hill,” but his campaign is looking to follow Ossoff's model of expanding turnout. In other words, they want to turn presidential-election voters into special-election voters.
But Georgia continues to suck up much of the national attention — and some nearby South Carolina Democratic volunteers. The general election for both seats is on June 20.
“No one is really talking about this race, other than mentioning it quickly,” said one national Republican, pointing to Trump's 19-point victory in the district as an explanation.
“Of course, Kansas went for Trump by even more than that, so you never know,” the Republican added.
For Parnell, the next hurdle is winning next Tuesday's primary, possibly a runoff, and finding out who his Republican opponent will be.
“It hasn't caught fire like the other ones,” said one Democrat involved with Parnell's race. “But there's a spark there.”
Correction 12:54 p.m. | An earlier version of this story misstated the number of years Rep. John M. Spratt Jr., D-S.C., held the 5th District seat. He represented the district for 28 years.
Chrome Beta 51 just showed up on Android and it killed off that never-quite-implemented-correctly “Merge Tabs” feature that was introduced back with the launch of Lollipop. The death of tab merging first showed up in Chrome Dev a few weeks back, but now that it has made its way through to Beta, I think it's safe to say that it is probably on the way out for good.
For those not familiar with “Merge Tabs,” we have to take you back a couple of years, to a time where Google thought that you wanted every single open tab in Chrome merged into your recent apps screen. That meant that if you had 5 or 8 or 15 tabs open, they were all intertwined with your apps, making a disaster of your app switcher screen and also making it insanely more difficult than it needed to be to switch between tabs. If you had “Merge Tabs” turned on, it also killed off the tab count button and ability to swipe across the action bar in Chrome to switch between tabs.
It was awful, for the most part. But really, all Google needed to do was let your tabs merge, while keeping the swiping and tab count button in the action bar and it wouldn't have been that bad. But they never did that for some reason and now appear to be ready to abandon the idea.
Chrome Beta 50 vs. 51
And to show you that merging of the tabs is now 100% gone, here is my HTC 10 before updating to v51. You can see I had it merged with three tabs open, all of which were showing in my app switcher. Then, post update, Google took those tabs out of the app switcher and stuck them back in Chrome, plus it then told me where I could find the tabs because merging is gone. Sad face?
RIP, “merge tabs.” You were unused by many and likely won't be missed.
Play Link
Cheers @X0MBY!
No Man's Sky created remarkable buzz at release. It wasn't all positive, but nonetheless it garnered a wealth of attention which has driven it to over two million sales within two weeks across both PC and PS4. If nothing else, the game has been financially successful.
But as with many games that face controversy at launch, its popularity has been short-lived. Data suggests that despite strong sales at launch, there has been a massive falloff of purchase momentum. It's so bad that SteamSpy estimates that it has only sold around 50,000 units during the past week, a far cry from the 700,000 of its launch week. And it's only dwindling further. A couple days had such few purchases that the standard deviation allows for it to have actually lost total sales thanks to widespread return requests.
Returns have been extremely common on Steam. Its customer reviews are currently mixed with 24,953 out of its 50,000 reviews being negative. These reviews point at unfulfilled promises by the development team, gameplay repetition, performance issues, and bugs.
Perhaps even more concerning is how much time its playerbase is logging. For the days following launch it ranked as a top five most popular game on Steam. Just two weeks later it now ranks 20th with a current player count comparable to Clicker Heroes, Terraria, and Euro Truck Simulator 2, games that didn't have the luxury of multi-million dollar ad campaigns and late night show appearances..
Additionally, a quick look at hourly concurrent players since launch shows that its player count during the past few days is around 85% less than launch (127,224 versus ~20,000).
It's normal for there to be some degree of diminished playtime as a game moves away from launch week, but this rate is well beyond anything we've seen in the past year. Not even Battleborn, another extreme example, saw this sort of falloff.
Despite widespread negative attention aimed at how No Man's Sky is missing content promised by the development team, Hello Games founder Sean Murray has been silent. More than anything, this is what has agitated consumers. While his attorneys might be telling him to keep quiet in order to avoid placing additional attention on the game's shortcomings, it's probably doing more harm than good at this point.
RELATED: No Man's Sky's Best Mods Make the Game Much Better
Thus, No Man's Sky has been a commonly pirated game. Major torrent sites have logged more than 100,000 downloads since launch, further hurting total sales potential.
In our review of No Man's Sky we found the game to demonstrate the neat ideas and promise that earned it so much attention in the first place, but at the cost of repetition and a general sense of unfulfilling gameplay loops.
A Saskatoon-based mobile game development and publishing company is the first Canadian firm featured in Apple Inc.'s new series on its App Store celebrating the country's 150th birthday and its best game makers.
Noodlecake Studios, which is headquartered in Riversdale, celebrated the occasion on Thursday by releasing a new “minimalistic puzzle game” called Invert to coincide with the launch of the series on Apple's mobile platforms.
“There are amazing studios across this entire country that are doing some amazing games,” said Ryan Holowaty, Noodlecake's vice president of business, who has been with the small game company since shortly after it was formed in 2011.
“Being first in that list? I'm not even sure if we deserve it, to be honest. But it makes it even more humbling that (Apple) decided to bestow that upon us. It's a culmination of the work we've been doing here.”
Noodlecake is best known for its original success, the iOS game Super Stickman Golf, and its sequels. But the company — which has about a dozen employees, many of whom are University of Saskatchewan graduates — is more than a game developer.
Its technology for “porting” games to other mobile operating systems without rewriting reams of code helped launch its publishing arm, which is pushing out games by developers around the world, Holowaty said.
For example, Invert — which asks players to align different coloured tiles on a grid by pressing buttons and became available for download at 12 p.m. Thursday — was developed by Copenhagen-based Glitchnap, he said.
The firm also recently spun out a software consulting and development business. That company, which is now a separate entity with about 10 employees, is responsible for scheduling software used by health regions in Saskatchewan and B.C.
Noodlecake is part of a group of local companies that is developing an international reputation. Holowaty said it's important that the city's small but vibrant tech sector is recognized.
“Everybody assumes that when you're in the tech world in Canada you're in Toronto or Vancouver. So to be able to tell people that, no, we're actually smack in the middle of that, (shows) that it doesn't matter. We can still get that type of recognition.”
amacpherson@postmedia.com
twitter.com/macphersona
The last time R. Lee Ermey stepped out of his cowboy boots, he stepped into the Nikes of Prefontaine's Bill Bowerman, the volatile University of Oregon track coach who guided Steve Prefontaine's illustrious career. Unbreachable authority figure, custom shoemaker to his athletes, and eventual cofounder of Nike, Bowerman came easily to Ermey, who has made a specialty of portraying tough nuts in about 35 movies since Francis Ford Coppola cast the former Marine drill sergeant as a helicopter pilot in 1979's Apocalypse Now.
”This guy [Bowerman] was handed to me on a silver platter,” says Ermey, 52, whose face may be vaguely familiar but whose penetrating bark is unmistakable. ”He's such a flamboyant character, I really didn't have to invent anything.”
That is rare for Ermey, who likes to depart from the script whenever possible, even, he claims, in portions of his personal-best role as gunnery sergeant Hartman in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket (1987): ”Kubrick just let me write. He never directed me.” Recently he's been heard shouting in Seven (as a police captain), Toy Story (as the voice of platoon leader Sarge), Dead Man Walking (as a murder victim's aggrieved father), and in a Coors Light commercial, in which it takes John Wayne to quiet him.
”I stumbled into show business when the Vietnam films were starting,” says the Kansas native, who was studying drama in Manila when Coppola came to town. ”After medical retirement from the Corps, I didn't know what to do, so I bought a run-down bar and whorehouse in Okinawa.” As Ermey tells it, GIs got ”honorary memberships” for helping him renovate, but ”I was doing a little black-marketing and the Okinawan FBI was hot on my trail, so I boogied on out to the Philippines.” There he met Nila, his wife of 21 years.
Never shy or retiring, Ermey thinks of those as the not-so-bad old days. ”I feel sorry for the kids today,” he volunteers. ”They can't have fun like we could. The worst thing we had to worry about was the clap. Today, you die. It just isn't fair.”
He says the same about the fallen Steve Prefontaine, who died in a car wreck in 1975. Ermey loves what he calls ”this little movie with a simple, heroic message,” and expresses it by railing against its shoestring budget of $8 million — and the fact that he worked for scale. ”I don't know what it is with these idiots down there in Hollyweird,” he growls. ”They just have no taste.”
The 2014-2015 academic year was full of big accomplishments, significant growth, and impressive achievements. Many of which were shared by local and national news media outlets. Please enjoy the “Year in Review” video below, and help spread the word of the many great things happening at UCA.
Featured News Clips
KATV features UCA soccer player Jacob Campbell for his incredible story of perseverance
KTHV features UCA's double groundbreaking ceremony
KTHV features the new baby bear carvings on the UCA campus
KARK features a UCA professor's efforts to get geography back in the classroom
KARK features UCA's unique striped field as an “Only in Arkansas” feature
Fox16 features the UCA Police Department's interaction with students via Twitter
KATV features UCA grad Brittany Hodak and her appearance on ABC's Shark Tank
KATV's Steve Sullivan features UCA's new HPER Center and COPA
KARK features enrollment growth at UCA
Matthias Ungethüm from Saxony said on Friday he had replaced the NSA slogan “Codebreakers and Codemakers” with the German phrase “Durchleuchten Sie Ihre Homepage” – “Examine your homepage" on the website of America's security agency.
The NSA is deeply unpopular in Germany after revelations last year it carried out a mass surveillance programme and tapped the phone of Chancellor Angela Merkel. So Ungethüm decided to turn the tables.
"I thought there could be something to it and thought I would try," he told The Local on Friday.
The message could only be seen when going to the site through specially prepared links, according to broadcaster MDR, which published screenshots of the hacked homepage.
Ungethüm said he had reported the site's security gap to the NSA.
"I wrote an email to the NSA about a week ago but haven't heard anything back," he told The Local.
“It's not a [security] gap which needs much specialist knowledge,” he added.
Ungethüm used something called a cross site scripting bug to hack the homepage.
SEE ALSO: Merkel denied access to own NSA file
Hello, I haven't been here a while. It's mostly because I've been pretty busy with studying, so my creative side has been (little bit) aside.Here is something I've been doing for 5 days (not actually 5x24hrs). Most of the time I was (nail)polishing computer chips (that purple and yellow things), it needs some time to dry.
Everything you can see (on rings) are old parts of computers, video recorders and various other old electronic stuff. As you could already see I don't really like to throw old parts in garbage, I really like to recycle. Oh, I almost forgot to tell you, eyes and buttons on these little guys are made of beads. Unfortunately I couldn't find anything that small to have its part =).
P.S.Do you remember keyboard bag? I hope so you do. Because it doesn't exist anymore, I kind of get bored of it, and decided to make totally new and modern bag =). Hope I'll find more time to sew it completely =).
This piece was written by Tom A. Peter and published by The Christian Science Monitor. As the Afghan government struggles to develop, the post office has quietly managed to become one of the nation's most efficient institutions – and with extremely limited international assistance.
KABUL, AFGHANISTAN — Ten years ago, the Afghan postal service lay in near total ruin, undone by the nation's civil war. Sending a letter usually meant having to find someone traveling in the direction of the recipient willing to carry a note and hoping for the best. Then, about four years ago, Ahmad Sher, a Jalalabadshopkeeper, noticed his city had a post office. On a whim, Mr. Sher, who loves listening to the radio, decided to send letters to several talk radio programs using the Afghan government postal service.
Like most Afghan 20-somethings who have grown up only knowing broken government institutions like the post office, he wasn't surprised at his friends' skepticism when he told them he planned to send the letters. “My friends made fun of me and said my letters wouldn't be read on the radio for a year,” Sher says. Sher and his friends were surprised, however, when the letters started making it through – regularly and in less than a week.
During the past 11 years, the United States has spent more than $60 billion on Afghan development to improve a government that still openly deals in corruption and often struggles to offer basic services to many of its citizens. Yet as the government struggles to develop despite an excess of foreign aid, the post office has quietly managed to become one of the most efficient national institutions – and with extremely limited international assistance.
“We saw a huge amount of money was spent on the Defense Min¬istry, Interior Ministry, and the national intelligence service. Their job is to provide security for people, but 10 years later the security is getting worse, and people are still concerned about their safety,” says Fouzia Roufi, a member of the Afghan parliament's telecommunication commission. “The Afghan postal service is a promising administration. Whenever we talk to people, they are happy about the services they provide.”
“Friendly customer service” is not a phrase often heard in reference to government projects in Afghanistan, but, sure enough, post office workers in Kabul even go so far as to lick stamps for patrons.
“If employees are committed to providing services for people, I think that even with empty pockets they can do something,” says Mohammad Naseem Rahimi, acting head of the Afghan postal service, adding that he thinks the postal service's attitude could be a model for other government offices.
Unlike other government offices that employ full-time foreign advisers, who are paid healthy six-figure salaries, the Afghan postal service has only occasionally hired temporary foreign advisers to help revise its postal code.
The US Agency for International Development and the International Security Assistance Forcecontributed delivery trucks, China provided 100 mail-delivery bicycles, and Iran sent postal bags. International postal organizations have also provided some equipment. Otherwise, the organization has had to be largely self-sufficient compared with other development projects. “The postal service doesn't need a big investment. With just a little bit of money you can provide people with a postal service,” Mr. Rahimi says.
Afghanistan first established a postal service in 1878. Fifty years after its inception, it received international recognition. On the eve of the Soviet invasion it had grown into one of the stronger regional postal services, able to send and receive letters from anywhere in the world in a timely manner.
Since the civil war, the postal service has reinvented itself with offices in all 34 provinces, and, Rahimi says, it is close to having offices in all 364 districts. Though street addresses are a foreign concept in Afghanistan, the postal service manages to do house deliveries – even if a postman might sometimes have to ask around to find the correct house. Sher says he now uses the postal service regularly. He's even received calendars and other promotional items in the mail from a Chinese radio station, he says, delivered to his shop for about the cost of a piece of bread.
national
ACP Vasant Dhoble, who is set to retire on May 31 speaks to mid-day about his 39-yr career, his pride in his achievements even though they attracted controversy and more in an exclusive interview
Vasant Dhoble (58), the hockey stick-wielding, six-foot tall ACP whose name made owners and patrons of the city's restaurants and pubs quiver in fear barely three years ago, and probably still does, is set to retire from the Mumbai Police by the end of this month.
And, in what seems rather anti-climactic, the man who had been endowed with the epithet ‘Public Enemy No 1' by Pritish Nandy, had been the subject of a protest by a 1,000-strong crowd, who accused him of ‘Talibanising' Mumbai, and had nearly 108 cases filed against him in the course of a controversial career, is going to spend his sunset years farming in his village.
Dhoble became one of the best-known figures in the Mumbai Police and earned the title of an anti-nightlife crusader when he began a series of raids on bars and restaurants in 2012. Pics/Shadab Khan
Catapulted to limelight
In 2012, Dhoble, who was heading the Social Service (SS) Branch, became one of the best-known figures in the Mumbai Police and earned the title of an anti-nightlife crusader when he began a series of raids on bars and restaurants.
His detractors accused him of throwing the rulebook, containing ancient rules, at bars and patrons and indulging in moral policing. He had even been accused of booking patrons of pubs for prostitution, a charge that he was later cleared of.
The cases had piled up so high that Dhoble told mid-day yesterday that he was happy he was getting to have a regular retirement rather than the forced one he always feared. For restaurant and bar owners, meanwhile, the image of the hockey stick-wielding Dhoble never failed to strike fear.
Known for keeping his cards close to his chest vis-a-vis raid locations and conducting the raids with just three or four constables, bar owners took to distributing his photos among their staffers to ensure they would be alert if he entered the premises. Bar owners had also hired a set of people to trail Dhoble to get a sense of possible raid locations.
The ACP, however, inevitably emerged the winner in this cat-and-mouse game by shaking off his tail. Recalling those days, Dhoble said, “One day, my boss, then police commissioner Arup Patnaik called me into his cabin. He ordered me to take over the Social Service Branch as ACP.
Since I had worked with him in the past, he was aware of my style of functioning. I knew that there was a lot that needed to be done in the SS branch. I asked him only one question, whether I would get freedom, and he replied, ‘Dhoble, do whatever is in the purview of the law and act only against what is illegal'. The rest is history.”
Household name
Within a few months, Dhoble became a household name in Mumbai. Newspapers printed a series of articles against him some in favour, many against. Whether Dhoble was ruining the city's nightlife and ruining its image or cleaning it up became a hotly-debated topic and news channels also carried several bulletins on the police crackdown with Dhoble as a key figure.
No stranger to controversies (see box), Dhoble became the subject of many more following his surge in popularity and court cases began piling up one after another. “I was always ready for a court appearance. The white shirt and black trousers, which I usually wear, were kept ready and when I started raiding the bars, I was sued multiple times.
Thankfully I have been cleared of most of the charges against me,” he added. “I have served the force for 39 long years. During my tenure, I had never imagined that I would be able to serve the department till retirement.
Given the kind of publicity I got, the controversies that dogged me, and the powerful lobby that was conspiring against me, I had always feared I would be dismissed from my job. But, thankfully, truth has prevailed and I am leaving the force with dignity,” said the ACP.
Mighty fall
Dhoble's retreat into the shadows was also as swift as his rise to virtual stardom, which lasted only till Arup Patnaik held the top cop's post. When Patnaik was transferred following the 2012 Azad Maidan riots, Dr Satyapal Singh took over as the police chief, and Dhoble was transferred out of the SS branch soon after.
He was posted as the ACP of Vakola Division where he was in charge of just two police stations. Following a controversy involving a hawker's death, he was shunted to the Missing Persons Bureau in September 2014, from where he will retire as ACP on May 31.
mid-day reports on Dhoble
'Bar-raider' cop attacks juice centre with hockey stick
Sex traders want to memorise ACP Vasant Dhoble's face
ACP Vasant Dhoble, RR Patil to get a dose of Gandhigiri
1,000 protest against 'the cop with the hockey stick'
Vasant Dhoble creates rift between Sena, BJP
Santacruz seniors honour 'Hero' Dhoble
MOBILE, Alabama -- A homeowner fended off three armed men, who appeared to be attempting a home invasion on Thursday night, after he grabbed a shotgun in his defense, said a Mobile Police Department spokesman.
On Thursday night, there was a knock on the door of a home on the 2000 block of Marian Drive, said Officer Terence Perkins, spokesman for MPD. When the door was answered by a person related to the home's owner, that person was greeted by three men armed with handguns who proceeded to force their way into the home, Perkins said.
"A resident was able to run upstairs and alert his dad," Perkins said. The homeowner grabbed his shotgun, ran downstairs and racked it. The suspects fled before he could aim at them, Perkins said.
Police were called to the scene around 8:20 p.m., he said.
He could not say exactly how many people were in the home at the time of the confrontation, although he acknowledged at least the homeowner and his son were in the residence.
Nothing was stolen and no injuries were reported in the attack.
"This is a totally isolated incident," Perkins said. "We do not believe this is a random act."
He could not provide a full description of the suspects, although he said the investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information on the suspects or the home invasion can contact MPD at 251-208-7211.
Sumter, SC (WLTX) - A high-ranking officer at Shaw Air Force Base is being accused of having child pornography.
Officials with the base said Monday that the charges against Col. William R. Jones include possession of child pornography and obstruction of justice.
Jones is the Deputy Chief of Safety for the Ninth Air Force at the base and had previously been the 20th Fighter Wing Vice Commander.
"The charges are being worked through the legal process outlines in the [Uniform Code of Military Justice], and Col. Jones is presumed innocent until proven guilty by a court of law," Colonel Stephen Jost, the 20th Fighter Wing Commander, said in a statement.
Jones faces a hearing on August 8.
While it's unclear if the two events are related, the Air Force Times reported back in February that Jones had been removed as the second-in-command of the 20th Fighter Wing due to a loss of confidence. At the time, the Air Force didn't say why the change in command structure was being made.
“The Air Force relies on all airmen, and especially commanders of all levels, to uphold and adhere to the highest of standards, to foster a professional atmosphere,” a spokesperson for the base said back then. “When these standards are not met, confidence is lost and we cannot allow the individuals to remain in positions of command.”
On the heels of the City of Louis list of transportation projects it would like to prioritize if the 3/4% sales tax measure passes in August, St. Louis County is out with their wish list. With an aging, declining population, and rising poverty, the County is betting that the future is highways.
Of the anticipated $841M taxpayers would provide to St. Louis County, $12M, or just 1.4% would be transit related. The County, a mix of small communities, inner ring urban suburbs and suburban infill, was virtually built out by 1970.
Leapfrogged by the next ring of counties a couple decades ago, St. Louis County has seen virtually no population growth in 45 years. The 2010 Census showed St. Louis County losing population for the first time since its founding in 1804. Most recent estimates show 12.1% of County residents living in poverty.
The three most prominent goals of the recently passed St. Louis County long term strategic plan, titled “Imagining Tomorrow”, read: “Invest in youth, Prepare for an aging population, Address the consequences and cycle of poverty.” It's amazing how quickly these easy consensus goals get washed away when the prospect of hundreds of millions of dollars suddenly appears.
Aging inner ring suburbs and suburban areas are facing mounting basic infrastructure challenges. From housing stock to sewer and gas lines, to transportation and retail subsidies, these areas are now arriving at their first opportunity to review the past 50 years, and rethink their next 50 years of investment. (Interactive map of poverty in the St. Louis area)
The City of St. Louis released its wish list just yesterday. The balance there is much more oriented toward building a sustainable community with more and better transportation options. The city list could be better, but relatively little is aimed at road projects that belong in the prior century.
Please read the full County project list, but a few of the more incredible items include $195M for Interstate I-170, which the County states, ” is a critical element to revitalizing the inner-ring suburbs”. Somehow the building of I-170 didn't contribute to the revitalizing of inner ring communities it traverses, such as Kinlock, St. John, Vinitia Park, and Charlack. Perhaps the document is referring to much wealthier communities of Clayton and Ladue, though even there, one shouldn't conclude that I-170 has added value.
There's also $30M for a new I-44/Shrewsbury interchange. This is the South County Connector. Inviting, inducing, more traffic at this point would put increasing pressure on streets to the north. The community most directly affected by this larger project is against it. For some reason they don't want to be “revitalized” or have their streets “improved”.
Further along that corridor, there's $75M for an arterial street interchange at Manchester and Hanley Roads. Nearby, there's $45M to “improve capacity/safety” at Brentwood and Manchester. There's no note indicating for whom capacity and safety would be improved. Another $16M is aimed at Big Bend and Manchester.
In the end, the listed priority projects for St. Louis County read straight from 1960, seemingly oblivious to the fact that the time since then hasn't been marked by growth and prosperity for much of the county. It's unconscionable that a county facing significant demographic and economic challenges would prioritize the spending of $841M of its own taxpayers wealth on a dead end future.
The $12M for transit related projects? There's $4M for a share of an Interstate running Bus Rapid Transit line, and $8M for a share of improvements on West Florissant to support Metro's other BRT idea. Other non-highway/road money includes $1.5M for Kirkwood Amtrak station, and $4M match for Great Rivers Greenway projects. This leaves $823.5M for roads and highways.
St. Louis County's Sales Tax Transportation Project Priorities by nextSTL.com
In a previous post How to configure Network I/O Control (NIOC) for Nutanix (or any IP Storage) I showed just how easy configuring NIOC is back in the vSphere 5.x days.
In was based around the concepts of Shares and Limits, of which I have always recommended shares which enable fairness while allowing traffic to burst if/when required. NIOC v2 was a Simple, and effective solution for sure.
Enter NIOC V3 in vSphere 6.0.
Once you upgrade to NIOC v3 you can no longer use the vSphere C# client and NIOC also now has the concept of bandwidth reservations as shown below:
I am not really a fan of reservations in NIOC or for CPU (memory is good though) and in fact I'll go as far as to say NIOC was great in vSphere 5.x and I don't think it needed any changes.
However with vSphere 6.0 Release 2494585 when attempting to create a custom network resource pool under the “Resource Allocation” menu by using the “+” icon (as shown below) you may experience issues.
As shown below, before even pressing the “+” icon to create a network resource pool, the Yellow warning box tells us we need to configure a bandwidth reservation for virtual machine system traffic first.
So my first though was, Ok, I can do this, but why? I prefer using Shares as opposed to Limits or reservations because I want traffic to be able to burst when required and for no bandwidth to be wasted if certain traffic types are not using it.
In any case, I followed the link in the warning and went to set a minimal reservation of 10Mbit/s for Virtual machine traffic as shown below.
When pressing “Ok” I was greeted with the below error saying the “Resource settings are invalid”. As shown below I also tried higher reservations without success.
I spoke to a colleague and had them try the same in a different environment and they also experienced the same issue.
I have currently got a call open with VMware Support. They have acknowledged this is an issue and is being investigated. I will post updates as I hear from them so stay tuned.
A FRIEND from London has asked you to let her know by this afternoon if you are free for a drink next February.
Helen Archer, who does something important like marketing, has also informed you that if you cannot do February, she could do late March or early April, but warned that the diary was filling up.
Archer said: “This weekend is Sarah's birthday, then I've got that mini-break to Lisbon, then we're taking the cat in for its check-up, then it's Emma's birthday.
“Then I've got a team-building weekend in Dorset, then it's Samantha's wedding, then it's other Sarah's hen party.
“I could maybe squeeze you in on June 23, but we'd have to be done by half-seven because I'm going to the theatre with my friends who like going to the theatre.”
Archer promised that she would definitely not cancel on you this time, even though she had an important project deadline that week that would involve her working even harder than usual, not to mention Beth's engagement drinks and Jemma's housewarming.
She also asked if you could please check if you were free September 21 2019 to see her get married to a man who does something important involving tax law.
Save
Save
Save
Fans Can Enjoy IMS Museum for Free during INDYCAR Grand Prix Weekend
Admission to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Museum will be free for INDYCAR Grand Prix ticket holders during the two-day event, May 12-13 at IMS.
An INDYCAR Grand Prix ticket must be presented for entry to the Museum, located in the IMS infield, between Turns 1 and 2 of the oval, just inside Gate 2. The IMS Museum features race cars and other memorabilia from every era of the Indianapolis 500, as well as cars and artifacts from many other forms of racing.
One of the highlights of the Month of May is the extensive new IMS Museum exhibit honoring the legendary A.J. Foyt, who earned his record-setting fourth Indianapolis 500 victory 40 years ago, in 1977.
The INDYCAR Grand Prix kicks off the Greatest Month in Racing on Saturday, May 13 with Verizon IndyCar Series action on the IMS road course. Races in all four Mazda Road to Indy ladder series also will take place during the May 12-13 event, providing a full schedule of exciting open-wheel action.
Kids 15 and under are free both days of the INDYCAR Grand Prix weekend—and at all IMS racing events— in general admission areas when accompanied by a ticketed adult. Fans will be allowed to walk on the track after the race Saturday, sharing in the celebration, experiencing the famous IMS circuit and kissing the famous Yard of Bricks.
Another popular, family-friendly addition to the INDYCAR Grand Prix this year is infield camping, with great views of the road course for race weekend. Infield locations are nearly sold out, so fans should hurry to reserve their spot at IMS.com.
Visit IMS.com to buy tickets and learn more about the INDYCAR Grand Prix on May 12-13 and 101st Indianapolis 500 presented by PennGrade Motor Oil on May 28.
Landlords Strike Back
Alameda landlords successfully blocked the city's new tenant-backed just cause eviction law—and started a new war in the process.
By Steven Tavares
Heather Reed Photo by D. Ross Cameron
Heather Reed's Facebook Live video in June had the feel of cinéma vérité. She approached a signature gatherer who was talking with a shopper outside a grocery store at Alameda South Shore Center. “Do you know what you're signing,” Reed asked the shopper as the woman clutched her grocery basket. “Did he tell you [the petition] is anti-renter? Are you a renter?”
The confused woman quickly walked away without signing the landlord-backed petition, which called for a repeal of the Alameda City Council's recent decision to add just cause tenant protections to an existing city rent ordinance.
Other videos posted by Alameda tenant advocates on social media showed numerous instances in which it appeared as if potential signers were about to be cajoled into adding their names to a petition that may not have been in their best interests. In other cases, the signature gatherers, mainly hailing from outside Alameda and employed by a Sacramento-based firm hired by Alameda landlords, responded belligerently to the frequent appearances of renters' activists who asked pointed questions about their pitches to residents.
Two dozen requests for assistance were made to Alameda police in June, according to the department, but no one was cited. However, in July, Alamedans filed 51 sworn affidavits alleging that signature gatherers had misrepresented the intent of the landlords' referendum petition. A common complaint was that signature gatherers had lied to voters, telling them the landlords' referendum petition favored rent control, when, in fact, the opposite was true.
Written complaints also alleged that signature gatherers made derogatory comments to tenants. One allegedly called a person a “libtard, commie, Democrat,” while another told a voter to “quit acting like a stupid liberal and sign the petition.” Another 120 residents formally asked the city clerk to remove their names from the petition, saying they had signed under false pretenses.
The signature gatherers' actions got the city council's attention, leading to a press release offering assistance to others who may be victims of misrepresentation. The city also turned the issue over to the Alameda County District Attorney's Office for a criminal investigation. However, Alameda Police Chief Paul Rolleri said in an interview that he was informed by the DA that prosecutors would not seek criminal charges.
The landlords' petition gathered more than 7,000 signatures, roughly 30 percent more than needed. So even if the false misrepresentation claims were true, said Assistant City Attorney Andrico Penick, the affidavits and complaints represented only a sliver of the total signatures, thereby falling well short of what was needed to invalidate the petition.
The city clerk later certified the referendum, and councilmembers will decide in early September whether to rescind their vote in May to include just cause provisions, call for a special election later this year, or schedule the issue for the June or November 2018 election.
In June, shortly after the council added just cause evictions to its existing rent ordinance, veteran Bay Area political consultant John Whitehurst gave a rousing message for disgruntled local landlords at the Elks Lodge who were clamoring to fight back against the tenant-backed just cause eviction law: “Who's in charge? Activists or Alamedans?”
At the meeting, Whitehurst noted that the campaign would require landlords to pay a hefty price for a signature-gathering campaign. Well-known Alameda landlord and property manager Don Lindsay made a simple fundraising pitch for each to open his or her purse strings, and people did. The landlords' group, Alamedans in Charge, raised $113,000 in less than three weeks in June, according to semi-annual campaign finance reports filed on July 31. During the same time, the group spent $130,700, including $64,900 in debts for consulting and legal bills. In all, the group reported $47,206 in cash on hand at mid-year.
By contrast, the Alameda Renters Coalition, reported raising just $6,991 in the first half of 2017 and having only $2,773 in cash on hand.
Landlords involved in the signature drive said the effort was locally based and not financed by outside special interests. However, campaign finance records show that a number of large donors to the Alameda campaign were San Francisco apartment building landlords—contributors who also helped finance last year's landlord-backed ballot initiative in Alameda.
Whitehurst's comments also shed light on the landlords' strategy to repeal just cause. In the presentation at the Elks Lodge, Whitehurst admitted the landlords' own polling revealed that Alamedans support rent control in large numbers. To get around this, Whitehurst advocated for never mentioning just cause in the campaign. Instead, he urged landlords to focus on the benefits of Measure L1—last year's successful ballot measure that affirmed the council's previously approved rent stabilization ordinance.
Some landlords, though, were not initially interested in finessing the issue and backed a complete repeal and ban on any type of rent control in Alameda. The anger, according to Greg McConnell, an Oakland-based lobbyist and consultant for Alamedans in Charge, was precipitated by a belief held by some landlords that councilmembers had “reneged” on a compromise deal hammered out in early 2016.
“We worked very closely with the city council, had a dozen and dozens of meetings with them and the mayor to try and figure out a plan that would help with Alameda's rising rents and perception of a housing crisis,” said McConnell. “And we came up with an ordinance that not everybody loved, but addressed the issues in a fair way.”
The deal, according to McConnell, included the landlords agreeing to pay relocation payments to renters who get evicted in exchange for no mention of just cause in the ordinance. Also included in the deal was a loose 5 percent cap on rent increases annually. The council approved the ordinance in March 2016, and Alameda voters affirmed it in November as Measure L1.
But all that changed for some Alameda landlords in April, said McConnell, when Councilmember Marilyn Ezzy Ashcraft advocated for including just cause protections during the one-year review period of the city's rent ordinance. “Many of us were shocked that Marilyn, who we worked diligently on this, would be supporting just cause,” said McConnell. “We felt they were reneging on us, and the only option is to take it back to the voters.”
Under just cause, landlords are prohibited from evicting tenants without a valid reason—such as failure to pay rent. In an interview, Ezzy Ashcraft denied making a deal with the landlords. “I guess it's in the eyes of the beholder,” she said. “I don't make secret backroom deals. We said we would reopen the rent ordinance a year later to see if it was working. And that was the beauty of it.”
Ezzy Ashcraft said her support for just cause is a response to horror stories she's heard from residents over the past year. She added, “Greg has his constituents that he's representing, and I have mine. I'm representing in Alameda.”
In other words, Alameda appears destined for yet another brutal war between landlords and tenants groups. Exactly when the battle will commence will be the subject of a pivotal council meeting in early September. One option is for the council to call a special election. But the cost could be prohibitive, and the timing could be problematic. A special election must be scheduled 88 days after it is called, said Alameda City Clerk Lara Weisinger. In this case, a vote-by-mail-only election would fall sometime during the busy holiday season in early December.
The council could choose instead to place the referendum on the June 2018 primary ballot. But that also would be costly because Alameda does not hold municipal elections in June.
Eric Strimling, a spokesperson for the Alameda Renters Coalition, said the group would like voters to tackle the issue soon. That's because the landlords' referendum petition blocked just cause from going into effect. Strimling said renters are in danger of being evicted for no reason.
But the battle-hardened Alameda tenant activists are remaining vigilant. That's because in July, Alameda landlords began circulating a second petition—this one seeking to lock into the city charter the original rent stabilization ordinance approved by the council in March 2016. Some members of the renters coalition say the latest batch of paid signature gatherers appear to have been coached better than the first group, but they continue to witness instances of false statements.
Reed is also back at it, keeping the signature gatherers accountable and holding online webinars to alert others of the petitioners' playbook. For her, it's all about fairness. “If you believe in what the landlords are offering, then sign it,” she said. “But don't be dirty about it because these are people's homes and lives at stake.”
Hollywood then and now: How a 1900s rural idyll was carpeted in concrete to build Tinseltown
Advertisement
Before Hollywood became the glamorous home to the movie industry, it was a simple agricultural town filled with citrus groves and fields.
Black and white photos compiled by the Los Angeles Public Library and California Historical Society show the amazing transformation of the town from the 1900s to become the booming cinema city of today.
The town was actually developed by H.J. Whitley, who is known fondly remembered as the Father of Hollywood.
He was a land developer, who made his mark developing the infrastructure in Oklahoma in the 1870s.
Mr Whitley moved to Southern California and purchased E.C. Hurd ranch, a 500 acre plot of land, in the 1880s. He began developing the area and in 1902 founded Hollywood Hotel.
Hollywood was incorporated as a municipality in 1903. It became a popular destination for the motion picture industry by 1915.
The name Hollywood was coined by Whitley and his wife, who thought of the name while the couple were on their honeymoon.
Quaint: A horse and buggy was the most efficient form of transportation to get across the Franklin Avenue Bridge near Bronson Ave
Modern times: Franklin Avenue is now filled with cars and lined with strip malls
Untouched: This barren plot of land (left) would become the location for Hollywood High School (right)
Nature: In 1906, the Hollywood Highland area was sparsely populated with a full view of the hills
Commercial: Now a huge shopping center stands on corner of Hollywood Blvd. and North Highland Avenue
Rural: The view of Hollywood from Whitley Heights, now an exclusive residential area, in 1905
Neighborhood: Whitley Heights is now a historic area filled with luxury homes. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982
Serene: With just a few trees, the future site of Melrose and Normandie (pictured in 1906) was calm and provided stunning views of the horizon
Bustling: The corner of Melrose and Normandie is now a well populated intersection, with the hills barely visible in the backround
Wine country: In 1909, a vineyard sate on the site that would become Franklin and Western Avenues
Changed: A much different view of Franklin and Western today
Town center: A general store sat at Cahuenga and Sunset in 1903
The Yard @ College Avenue
Visit us at TheYardRu.com for Events, Updates and More!
442 Rutgers undergraduates moved into The Yard's 135 apartments on Sunday, August 28, 2016 and “awesome” was the word of the day, quickly followed by “really cool!”
Since then, things have only gotten better.
The Yard quickly became Rutgers' most sought after, on-campus housing option. As the new “front porch” for the Rutgers-New Brunswick campus, it is food and fun, wired and welcoming. It has lots of moveable outdoor seating and a serious outdoor 480-square foot LED outdoor monitor. The Yard makes for a truly awesome college living environment. You can learn more about programs and events scheduled for The Yard at www.TheYardRU.com
The 14-story, U-shaped university apartment building, home to the Sojourner Truth Apartments, is at the corner of College Avenue and Hamilton Street and features 160 single-bedroom apartments (up to four bedrooms per unit) each with granite countertops, stainless steel appliances and extra-large windows with great views of New Brunswick, the Raritan River, and all of Rutgers campus.
The Yard also has lots of common areas – including a two-level sky lounge on the top floor with views of the New York City skyline – along with Wi-Fi, and great retailers. The highlight: A 25,000 square foot public green space – that's like half a football field! Front and center is the mammoth video monitor broadcasting things like Rutgers sporting and cultural events, movies, news, original programming, live feeds and themed music nights from early morning to late evening all year long.
The new 24/7 environment of The Yard is not limited to students. It is open to the larger community and is a place where everyone is welcome. Since The Yard is located in the heart of the historic College Avenue campus, with a bus stop used by more than 8,000 students daily, it has truly become the new crossroads of Rutgers-New Brunswick.
At The Yard you can grab some coffee from Starbuck's and a treat from Scarlet Sweets. Healthy grub can be found at honeygrow, but you'll still be able to get your Fat Sandwich at RU Hungry. Krispy Pizza, Surf Taco and Jersey Mike's are also on the menu. You can also pick up essentials at the At Your Doorstep convenience store.
Welcome The Gateway Cafe to GoDuBois.com!
Meatloaf Monday: Start your week off right by letting us cook for you! The Gateway offers a mountain of savory, homemade meatloaf, mashed potatoes and gravy, the vegetable of the day and a roll with locally made Beaver Meadow butter, all for only $9!
Date Night Tuesday: Bring your better half in for a great meal! Get 2 Penn Gold Sirloin Steaks cooked to your liking, choice of potato, vegetable of the day, house salad and a dinner roll, all for $30.
Wing Night Wednesday: 10 jumbo wings tossed in your favorite sauce for only $6. Served all day, dine-in only. Hang around for Karaoke with Mad Maxx starting at 10 pm.
Lasagna Thursday: Our homemade lasagna is prepared with a four-cheese blend, ground beef and mild sausage and topped with chunky marinara sauce. Served with a side salad and fresh garlic bread for only $9.
Fish Fry Fridays: This Early Bird special is offered from 11 am to 6 pm. You get beer-battered, North Atlantic Haddock, fresh-cut french fries and coleslaw for $9. Add $1 for take-out. Prime Rib is also available on Fridays and live music starts at 10 pm.
Pizza Saturday: Our pizza is made with only the freshest toppings! Get a 14-inch pizza with up to 4 toppings for only $12. Prime Rib is also available on Saturdays.
Sunday Fun Day: Watch the games here while enjoying our special, discounted food and drink menu. Start off with our bucket of beer special featuring 5, 16 oz. domestic beers for only $13!
Food specials include:
- 4 cheese blend garlic bread served with warm marinara $5
- Pittsburgh pierogies and kielbasa served with sauteed onions and smothered in Beaver meadow butter! $5
- Philly Cheesesteak sandwich with peppers and onions, served with a side of fresh-cut fries $8
- Loaded fresh-cut fries covered with beer cheese, bacon and onions $5
- 10 jumbo wings tossed in your favorite sauce $6
HAPPY HOUR : Monday - Friday 4:00 - 6:00 pm | Domestic Drafts $2.00 | Well Drinks $3.00 | House Wine $3.50 |
0 replies
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A comedy star spoke of his love for North Wales today as he brought a touch of “knowing me, knowing you” to the campaign trail.
Steve Coogan was in Wrexham to give his backing to Labour candidate Ian Lucas, who is campaigning to return to Parliament on June 8.
The Alan Partridge star said his best-known creation would have little time for the candidate, although he reckoned that was good news for Mr Lucas.
Asked by the Daily Post how Wrexham compared to Partridge's home cty of Norwich, Mr Coogan pointed out that the radio DJ was fictional and he had never lived in Norwich, but added that North Wales is close to his heart.
(Image: Ian Cooper)
“I'm a northerner at heart so I'm always going to favour places that are closer to my heart,” he said.
“I've got friends in Llangollen, Llandrillo and Ruthin. They're places I have lots of friends because I was in college in Manchester for a number of years, so I have a network of friends in North Wales.”
Asked what Alan Partridge would think of Mr Lucas, he said: “Well, Alan is a bit of a xenophobic, small-minded, conservative, so he probably wouldn't have much time for Ian.
(Image: Ian Cooper)
“But if Alan Partridge likes you, that's not something you want to shout about, and if Alan Partridge dislikes you, that means you are probably doing something right.”
Addressing a large crowd of admirers in the town centre, the actor said: “I'm very happy to be here to support Ian. He has been a fantastic constituency MP.
“If you speak to anyone who has had any dealings with him, you will realise that he is on the side of the people of Wrexham.
“His record shows that and the Tories don't have a record of looking after people.
“But they do have a very good record of looking after big business, and the people foot their bills.
“When the Tories get elected, their first priority is to look after the people who wrote them those big cheques, so their priority will always be business before people.”
He added: “The proof of the pudding is in the eating and Ian is a very good pudding.”
Mr Coogan, who has been a critic of the press in relation to phone hacking, went on to tell the enthusiastic crowd, many of whom shouted his famous catchphrases at him, that Mr Lucas had held the media to account after the Leveson enquiry.
The Prime Minister visited Gresford last week, and Mr Coogan's visit today shows how close both the Conservatives and Labour think the competition will be for this once safe Labour seat.
“Even after controlling for population, Florida still surpasses the rest of the states by far, handing out tickets to one in 294 people in 2011.”
After reading Beryl Lipton's piece on marijuana citation data from California post-decriminalization, I became curious about marijuana citations around the United States.
Copying the language used by MuckRock user Dave Maass to get California's data, I decided to request the same data from several states, including Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Massachusetts, Texas, Vermont, and Washington. For different reasons, data from Washington and Colorado were unavailable at the time of the requests, while the Massachusetts Department of Criminal Justice has yet to acknowledge my request, originally filed on October 3, 2014.
Texas
The data from Texas concerns only felony charges and was broken down by the amount of marijuana, from less than two ounces to more than 2,000 pounds. The graph below clearly shows that the vast majority of citations for marijuana possession in that state are between four ounces and 2,000 pounds.
Between 2011 and 2014, ninety-five people were caught in possession of more than 2,000 pounds of marijuana in Texas, which carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison.
Taking a closer look at possession offenses in Texas for amounts between four ounces and 2,000 pounds for the years 2011 through 2014, it appears that citations for possession of smaller amounts are on the decline, while citations for possession of amounts between five pounds and 2,000 pounds are rising:
Possession offenses for Texas also included information on whether or not the offender was in a “Drug-Free Zone” when they were busted.
As a bonus, the data from Texas included not just marijuana citations, but possession offenses for all sorts of drugs. Below is a pie chart of offenses by type of drug, however there is a lot of interesting information to be found in the data if you'd like to explore it yourself.
Vermont
Vermont's marijuana citations were not broken down by year. However, the data did include information on the type of offense, indicating that the vast majority of offenders in that state who were cited between 2011 and 2014 were over 21 when they were busted for the first time, while only 12.3% of citations were doled out to first-time offenders under 21.
According to NORML, in Vermont “Possession of one ounce or less of marijuana and/or marijuana paraphernalia by a person 21 years of age or older is punishable by a civil fine only - no arrest, no jail time, and no criminal record.”
State-by-state Comparisons
Below is a graph of the total number of citations for Arizona, California, Florida, Texas, and Vermont. (Data from California is only through 2013, while Florida's data is through October 3 – the date I submitted my FOIA request – and Vermont's data is the sum of all citations divided by four to represent a yearly average.)
Obviously, the number of citations handed out in Florida blows the rest of the states out of the water. Possession of more than 20 grams of marijuana in Florida is a felony that warrants a maximum punishment of five years in prison and a fine of up to $5,000.
In California, where marijuana possession is decriminalized, possession of 28.5 grams or fewer constitutes an infraction and a maximum fine of $100. (Unless you're a minor, in which case possession carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 days in jail and a maximum fine of $250.)
Even after controlling for population, Florida still surpasses the rest of the states by far, handing out tickets to one in 294 people in 2011. Compare this to Arizona, the next largest distributor of marijuana citations per capita in the sample, which issued one citation for every 3,313 people in 2011. According to Arizona law, possession of any amount of marijuana is a felony, with a maximum fine of $750 and a minimum sentence of four months behind bars.
The drop in 2014 in Florida is likely an artifact of the data covering only through October 3 of that year. Removing Florida from the data (and adding Vermont) allows us to look closer at the other states in the sample.
Interestingly, between 2011 and 2012, marijuana citations in Arizona nearly doubled, and they remained at that level through 2014. Additionally, although changes in Vermont's number of citations through the years are indeterminable due to the format of the data provided, the yearly average is significantly higher than the numbers from Arizona, California and Texas.
Conclusions
The total number of citations from 2011 through 2014 in Arizona, California, Texas and Vermont combined is 49,160 – three hundred and thirty-six less than the number of citations Florida accumulated through October 3 in the year 2014 alone.
In total, the number of citations in Florida from 2011 through 2014 is nearly five times that of the rest of the states combined, despite the fact that Florida's population is approximately half of California's.
While it is impossible to garner an accurate average from the data provided here, one thing is for certain: Florida is no paradise for stoners.
Special thanks to UMass Amherst graduate student Tyler Besse for assistance with data analysis.
Header image via Wikimedia Commons and is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mount Cook, the highest peak of New Zealand - and Zealandia
You think you know your seven continents? Think again, as there's a new contender hoping to join that club.
Say hello to Zealandia, a huge landmass almost entirely submerged in the southwest Pacific.
It's not a complete stranger, you might have heard of its highest mountains, the only bits showing above water: New Zealand.
Scientists say it qualifies as a continent and have now made a renewed push for it to be recognised as such.
In a paper published in the Geological Society of America's Journal, researchers explain that Zealandia measures five million sq km (1.9m sq miles) which is about two thirds of neighbouring Australia.
Image copyright GNS
Some 94% of that area is underwater with only a few islands and three major landmasses sticking out above the surface: New Zealand's North and South Islands and New Caledonia.
You might think being above water is crucial to making the cut as a continent, but the researchers looked at a different set of criteria, all of which are met by the new kid in town.
elevation above the surrounding area
distinctive geology
a well-defined area
a crust thicker than the regular ocean floor
Image copyright ESA/NASA Image caption New Zealand as captured from space by astronaut Tim Peake
The main author of the article, New Zealand geologist Nick Mortimer, said scientists have been researching data to make the case for Zealandia for more than two decades.
"The scientific value of classifying Zealandia as a continent is much more than just an extra name on a list," the researchers explained.
"That a continent can be so submerged yet unfragmented" makes it useful for "exploring the cohesion and breakup of continental crust".
So how then to get Zealandia into the canon of continents? Should text books authors get nervous again? After all, just a few years ago, Pluto got kicked off the list of planets, changing what had been taught in schools for decades.
There is in fact no scientific body that formally recognises continents. So it could only change over time if future research accepts Zealandia on par with the rest so that eventually we might be learning about eight, not seven, continents.
For people and animals alike, laws are put into place for a reason: they help keep order, help keep us safe, help keep things regulated. Many of them are completely understandable and seem like common sense: for example, having your dog vaccinated for rabies and registered with your city, or keeping him on a leash in public, or picking up after him when he does his “business.” Some laws, however, seem a little strange (at least as they are written.) Here are a few we found:
1. In Oklahoma, you can be arrested for making strange faces at a dog.
What we want to know is, what if the dog made a strange face at you first? Would it be considered self-defense? And who determines if the face you make is ‘strange'?
2. It is illegal for dogs and cats to fight in North Carolina.
Good luck enforcing that one!
3. In Oklahoma, dogs must have a permit signed by the mayor in order to congregate in groups of three or more on private property.
So much for impromptu get-togethers!
4. Connecticut dogs bearing tattoos must be reported to the police.
Perhaps the authorities are worried they'd be a bad influence on impressionable young puppies? (Actually, we agree that tattooing a dog would be cruel. Hopefully there is a corresponding law making it illegal to tattoo a dog.)
5. In Zion, Illinois, it is illegal to give lighted cigars to dogs, cats, and other domesticated animals.
Well, we'd certainly hope so! Pets and any sort of tobacco products do NOT mix. Fact: tobacco is quite hazardous to dogs and cats when ingested, and can be fatal; if you suspect your pet has consumed any, call your vet ASAP. Being around tobacco smoke is not healthy for pets, either.
6. New Castle, Delaware, prohibits couples from public displays of affection (including hand-holding) while walking a dog on a leash.
Do you think it's to keep the dog from feeling like a third wheel? OK – maybe there are safety issues to consider, but can you imagine getting busted for holding hands or a smooch on the cheek while out with Fido?
7. In Chicago, Illinois, it is illegal to give a dog whiskey.
What we want to know is why just whiskey? Dogs should NEVER be given ANY KIND of alcohol. It can be fatal, even in small amounts.
8. In North Brook, Illinois, it's illegal for a dog to bark for more than 15 minutes.
OK – well, from the neighbor's perspective, 15 minutes of barking can seem like forever. But even more importantly, with prolonged barking, even before 15 minutes, we hope someone would be checking to make sure the dog is OK!
9. In Madison, Wisconsin, dogs are not allowed to “worry” squirrels.
So is it OK to chase squirrels as long as the squirrel isn't worried? How exactly does one tell when a squirrel is worried?
10. In Chicago, Illinois, you may not take a French poodle to the opera?
So, what about your Golden Retriever, Chihuahua, or any other breed?
11. In Hartford, Connecticut, it is illegal to educate dogs.
Just what is meant by “educate” is not defined. Don't worry, our great Connecticut DogWatch dealers will keep training your dogs!
12. In Little Rock, Arkansas, dogs may not bark after 6 p.m.
We are not sure about your dog, but most of the dogs we know don't wear a watch.
13. Dogs in Wanessa, New Jersey, are not allowed to be heard “crying.”
No word on whether “whining” or “whimpering” is OK.
14. There was a 20-year period in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, where all animals (dogs included) were explicitly prohibited from producing solid waste.
Seriously? All animals? That's just not natural. Good thing it was repealed in 2002!
How about in your town? Are there any laws we should know about before bringing our pets for a visit?
Sources:*
Petcentric.com
Pet Health Blog
Planet Dog: A Doglopedia, by Sandra Choron and Harry Choron
http://www.strangefacts.com
*Note: DogWatch made a concerted effort to verify the legitimacy of these laws, but was unable to verify all of them. If you live in one of the areas mentioned above and have any questions about a particular law, please contact your local city or state government.
Photo credits:
Top: Kunta Kun via Flickr. Image was cropped.
Bottom: Tom Stovall via Flickr.
The Minnesota Vikings have waived-injured former Texans and Florida Atlantic receiver Lestar Jean, per the NFL transactions report. It's not clear what injury Jean suffered from, and as far as I could tell he didn't show up in any of the injury reports put out by ESPN, 1500ESPN, the Star Tribune or the Pioneer Press.
It must be a serious injury if the Vikings weren't willing to wait it out for camp, as they don't have an answer for the fifth or sixth receiver spots on the roster. “Waived-injured” is a specific designation teams must give a player if they intend to put that player on injured reserve. Unlike the process during the season, a player must go through waivers if a team intends to put him on injured reserve, and expose him to other teams.
The designation lets other teams know that this player is injured, and they very rarely claim those players as a result (a famous exception being when the New England Patriots claimed an injured Jake Ballard).
If they do not put Jean on injured reserve and he is not claimed by a team, he will be subject to an injury settlement that the team and his agent will agree to. That injury settlement is pay for the time the player is expected to miss while healing, and he can only claim it if he does not sign with a team until that date.
I don't expect this to have a huge impact, and not just for the simple reason that he would be competing for a bottom receiver spot—I expected Erik Lora, Rodney Smith or Adam Thielen to compete for that spot, with some shots by Kain Colter.
Porter Robinson, Zhu and more featured in new FIFA 17 Soundtrack
EA Sports' FIFA series is consistently one of the most widely-anticipated video game releases each year. Appropriately, the games' soundtracks are of a high enough caliber that they have become exciting releases in their own right. Soundtracks from past years have featured music from a number of electronic artists including Louis The Child, Disclosure, and Madeon, but the musical accompaniment to FIFA 17 is perhaps the series' most electronically-focused compilation to date.
This year's soundtrack features mainstream electronic hits such as Zedd & Grey's “Adrenaline” and Kygo's “Raging,” but also features deeper cuts like Oliver's “Electrify” and RAC's remix of Bob Moses' “Tearing Me Up.” Gamers of a dance music persuasion will be further pleased by the inclusion of Zhu's “Money” and Porter Robinson & Madeon's “Shelter.” Rounding out the soundtrack are cuts from Empire of the Sun, Phantogram, and Digitalism.
The full compilation is available to stream below; FIFA 17 is due for release Thursday, September 29.
Read More:
Stream the official soundtrack to Netflix's EDM movie, ‘XOXO,' featuring Jack Ü, Galantis and more
‘Stranger Things' soundtrack to be released on Friday
FIFA 15 to feature new productions from Avicii, A-Trak, and Madeon
Categories: News
Should Christians Spank? Miss. Bill Could Mean Life Imprisonment for Parents
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
The Mississippi State Legislature is considering a bill that could see parents who "spank" their children face either 10 years in jail or life imprisonment depending on the intention and bodily harm caused to the child, but critics of the bill say its intentions are not clearly defined.
Senate Bill 2180, an act to amend a section of the Mississippi Code of 1972, aims to revise the "offense of felonious abuse or battery of a child; and for related purposes." The bill is sponsored by Senator Brice Wiggins of District 52.
Dewitt Black, Senior Counsel for the Home School Legal Defense Association (HSLDA), believes that there are problems with the bill's language. Black told The Christian Post that the words "bodily harm" and "reasonable discipline" are not properly defined.
He pointed out that these actions are left to the court's interpretation on what constitutes as a crime. According to SB 2180, a person is guilty of felonious child abuse if the act was intentional and caused bodily harm – including burn, torture, strangle or choke, disfigure, whip or strike – except as "a result of reasonable discipline, in self-defense, or in order to prevent bodily harm to a third party."
"A lot of people have different ideas about what [bodily harm] is," Black said. "Does inflicting pain constitute bodily harm? How about if the parent leaves red marks on the child from a spanking?"
The HSLDA attorney shared that many people do not believe spanking should be legal and that "any striking or whipping of a child should be a crime." However, he countered that there are also those who believe that spanking would be appropriate under certain circumstances – just not with an object.
Pastor David Wright, CEO of DOersTV, says regardless, there is a difference between child abuse and discipline.
"I would hope that the real motive of this bill is to protect children from abuse and not correction," he told CP. "With the decay of Christian values in this nation I doubt that is the real motive. We are to never sacrifice discipline, chastisement and correction of our children and call it abuse if it is not abuse. "
Black shared similar sentiments, saying that historically in America and other cultures parents have been able to administer reasonable corporal punishment – not to abuse a child – but to discipline.
"[This] includes spanking and we believe that right should be preserved," he stated. "As a Christian organization we believe that it is a biblical means of disciplining a child."
Wright agreed that Christians should look to God's Word – offering Proverbs 13 and 23 in support.
"He that spareth his rod hateth his son: but he that loveth him chasteneth him betimes," Pastor Wright said, quoting the King James Version of the passages. "Withhold not correction from the child: for if thou beatest him with the rod, he shall not die. Thou shalt beat him with the rod, and shalt deliver his soul from hell."
According to Black, the Bill would be a very dangerous law to "have on the books because parents would not know what's illegal and what's legal under state law." He pointed out that this was due largely to the terms "bodily harm" and "reasonable discipline."
He told CP that HSLDA is currently working with state home-school leaders to get the bill amended and "alleviate concerns about [the wording]." SB 2180 as it is currently written is the way it was filed, and Black says he is hoping to see this changed. If passed, the bill will be effective from July 1, 2012.
Meanwhile, Pastor Wright says if parents love their children they will spank, without abusing them.
"To all Christian parents, believe what God said regarding spanking your child as a form of discipline. And if you do not believe it works, just look at society, and all the parents who live disciplining their children to the government and ask yourself which one works the best," he argued.
Lamassu: “#BitcoinClassic now supported for LamassuBTC machine wallets.
Lamassu: “#BitcoinClassic now supported for LamassuBTC machine wallets.
Lamassu surveys
According to information from Lamassu company (as of Novermber 2014) – standard locations have volume of about $20,000 per month, while prime locations bring $40,000-60,000 per month in volume. With an average mark-up rate of 5.5%, the gross profits are $1,000-$3,000 per machine per month.
Moreover, the increasing adoption rate also increases turnover in Bitcoin ATMs. For example, according to information from Bitcoin Group HK they processed 200 BTC in total. To process the first 100 BTC it took the machine 5 months, while the next 100 BTC were processed during only 1 month.
Bittihara – Finnish company operating a network of Lamassu machines in Finland, reported that one of their machines at central railway station in Helsinki is doing approximately $32,000 a month in turnover, while the record was $50,000. Average transaction size is reported to be $150-200.
Based on the real-life examples above it is seen that the business volume significantly varies from location to location and also among different Bitcoin ATM types. If you plan to purchase and install a portable Bitcoin machine in local shop or cafe, don't expect $100k in monthly transactions, more realistic figures are in the range of about 50-100 transactions with about $5-10k transaction volume per month in a good location. With the middle class Bitcoin machines (scenario 2) you could expect the turnover to be in $20-100k interval in a good location. With bank-level Bitcoin ATMs one could expect the transaction volume of $100k per month in a good location with a broad media coverage.
Image caption Prince George was born in the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, Paddington, on 22 July
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he hopes the "extraordinary" baptism of Prince George will inspire others to seek the same ceremony.
The Most Rev Justin Welby will perform the christening at the Chapel Royal at St James's Palace on Wednesday.
In a YouTube film released ahead of the service, the archbishop said he hoped people would not view baptism as only for a future king or "special people".
"All babies are unbelievably special, not only royal babies," he said.
The prince, who was born on 22 July at St Mary's Hospital in London, is the son of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and is third in line to the throne.
His baptism, described by the Archbishop of Canterbury as "hugely important", will take place at 15:00 BST.
Head of state
"As a nation we're celebrating the birth of someone who in due course will be the head of state," he said.
Image caption The Archbishop of Canterbury's remarks were made in a short film
"That's extraordinary. It gives you this sense of forward looking, of the forwardness of history as well as the backwardness of history, and what a gift to have this new life and to look forward."
But he said Prince George would be joining two billion people around the world in the "family of the church" when he was baptised, adding "the great good news is that God doesn't care who we are".
Archbishop Welby said the royal couple would have received so much advice they could "probably fill a house with it".
But he said his message to them would be "what an amazing gift, what wonderful times that you will have".
Guest list
Princess Beatrice was the last well known royal baby to be christened in the Chapel Royal, in December 1988.
Prince George will be christened in a replica of the intricate lace and satin christening gown made for Queen Victoria's eldest daughter, Victoria, the Princess Royal, in 1841.
The guest list for the christening has not been released but Kensington Palace has said close members of both families will attend.
Following the christening, a picture will be released showing the Queen with three future monarchs - the Prince of Wales, Prince William and Prince George. The official photographs will be taken by portrait photographer Jason Bell.
Meanwhile, the Royal Mint is to create a set of commemorative coins to mark the occasion.
A huge 1km-wide asteroid is hurtling towards Earth, prompting astronomers to label it “potentially hazardous”. But don't pack for Mars just yet – the giant space rock, ‘2014 JO25', is expected to pass by our planet safely.
According to NASA the encounter on April 19 will be the closest the asteroid comes to Earth in 400 years, and no projected future encounters will be as close for at least another 480 years.
However, another fly-by is expected in 2091 and the space rock also makes regular close approaches to Mercury and Venus.
A ~1-km asteroid, 2014 JO25, will make a close flyby of Earth on Apr 19, 2017 (4.8 Lunar Distance)@BadAstronomerpic.twitter.com/ixfbyOmQda — Ron Baalke (@RonBaalke) May 22, 2016
An asteroid of this size won't have as close an encounter with Earth for more than 10 years. "The next known flyby by an object with a comparable or larger diameter will occur when 800-meter-diameter asteroid ‘1999 AN10' approaches within one lunar distance in August 2027," NASA said.
The asteroid was discovered by the Mt. Lemmon Survey in May 2014. Astronomers describe it as a “bright object” and believe it will be among the best targets for radar observations this year.
READ MORE: Risk of catastrophic asteroid impact ‘real' – White House
‘2014 JO25' has been designated as a potentially hazardous asteroid (PHA) by the Minor Planet Center. PHA's are asteroids larger than 100 meters that can come closer to Earth than 7,495,839km (about 4,658,000 miles), which is equal to 19.5 ‘Lunar distances'.
Despite 2014 JO25's designation as a PHA, projections predict it will pass by Earth at a safe distance of about 1.8 million km (4.57 lunar distances).
Two other big asteroids, ‘2003 BD44' and ‘1999 CU3', which are both nearly 2km wide, will also pass by our planet shortly, however they won't come as close as 2014.
Astrowatch report 1,781 PHAs were detected on Sunday, however – happily – none of them is on a projected collision course with Earth.
Several years ago, when I was penning a weekly column for a Haredi magazine, the periodical declined to publish one of my submissions. It was about “Cultural Orthodox Jews,” a phrase I coined for people who eat only rabbinically supervised foods, wear black hats (or wigs), pray in synagogue daily and send their kids to yeshivas — but all, and only because, that's what everyone in their community does. Such “COJs” may or may not believe in the Creator, but if they do, they don't give Him much thought — even while living seemingly intense Jewish lives.
The editor told me that he feared alienating his readers.
I hoped, and still hope, that that judgment was overwrought, but it confirmed at least the perceived prevalence of the sort of “Orthodox mimicry” I had sought to address, where Jewish observance is a “Fiddler on the Roof” sort of “Tradition” — miles wide, but mere millimeters deep. I published the essay elsewhere, and to my relief it was well received by readers, including people I greatly respect.
The OTD, or “off the derech [path],” phenomenon — erstwhile-Orthodox Jews who leave their communities and observance — receives much fanfare in many media. But the greater contemporary challenge to the Orthodox world, I think, lies in the COJ phenomenon.
It's not a new one; the danger of observance-by-rote has been decried by Jewish religious leaders over the ages, from the ancient prophets to, in more recent times, the Mussar movement, the study and living approach that stresses ethical and God-conscious values. The movement developed in the 19th century and remains cultivated by many yeshivas and seminaries today. But the formidable growth of the Orthodox community in recent decades has made the problem more pressing.
Rabbinic luminaries Aharon Feldman and J. David Bleich focused on this matter in the Fall 2013 issue of Dialogue, an occasional book-length Orthodox publication.
In an essay titled “Observant but Not Religious,” Rabbi Feldman, the rosh yeshiva or dean of Ner Israel Rabbinical College, in Baltimore (where I studied in the 1970s), writes that despite the “rejuvenation of Torah observance among Jews… something so utterly central to our existence as Jews continues to go wanting in the lives of many: the emotion of the heart, the focus and forethought of the mind, the commitment of the spirit.”
Rabbi Bleich, a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University's Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary and professor of Jewish law and ethics at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, writes in a similar vein, bemoaning the “different form of Judaism” that has asserted itself, an “Orthopraxy” that is “based upon practice rather than belief.”
The Cultural Orthodox Jew phenomenon goes a long way toward explaining how an ostensible Orthodox Jew can engage in unethical business practices, cheat, steal or abuse others. Or, more mundanely, how he can cut off others in traffic, act rudely or blog maliciously. Or, for that matter, how he can address his Creator in prayer with words so garbled and hurried that were he speaking to another mortal, the speed of his speech would elicit laughter.
Now, of course, all Jews who endeavor to be observant lapse at times into rote behavior. We don't always concentrate on what we're saying when we pray or recite a blessing, nor do we always weigh our actions and interactions on the carefully calibrated scales of Jewish propriety. But we don't live our daily lives oblivious to the Jewish ideal; we know when we've lapsed, and endeavor to be better. COJs seem not to care.
I recently counseled a young woman who thought I might be able to help her off the horns of a dilemma. Raised nonobservant, she has spent several years exploring Judaism, and wants desperately to embrace observance. But she is an honest and heartfelt person, and she finds one realm of observance (which one it is isn't pertinent here) to be very daunting.
Hearing the woman out, I realized that she really needed to speak with someone who had faced the same obstacle to observance that she was facing and had overcome it. (I didn't fit that bill.) And I told her so.
I added something, though: that listening to her had reminded me of the “Cultural Orthodox Jew” phenomenon. She, I explained, represented its polar opposite. Whereas a Cultural Orthodox Jew finds it fairly easy to live “observantly” but is largely oblivious to his relationship with the Divine, my counselee was keenly, painfully aware of the Creator but was, as a result of her upbringing, finding it hard to undertake a realm of observance she realized was Jewishly required of her.
I wished her well, and I hope that she finds the right person to speak with and overcomes her personal challenge. But one thing I know is that, despite her current nonobservant lifestyle, she is, on the spiritual scale, light years beyond those who go through the motions of observance but without ever giving much thought to what they're doing.
Avi Shafran blogs at rabbiavishafran.com and serves as Agudath Israel of America's director of public affairs.
This story "Black Hats and Wigs Do Not an Orthodox Jew Make" was written by Avi Shafran.
Note Candidates running for ADD and E-Board are listed with (E Board) Candidates running for E-Board ONLY are listed as (E Board*)
Don't know your Assembly District number? Click the button below to look it up with your registered voting address
ADEM Tools and Resources
The Assembly District Election Meetings (ADEMS) are held every two years (Saturday, January 12 or Sunday, January 13 and Saturday, January 26 or Sunday, January 27 of 2019) to elect
7 "self-identified female" and 7 "other than self-identified female" to be Assembly District Delegates (ADDs) to represent the Assembly District they are registered as a Democrat in.
AD Delegates to the Democratic State Central Committee (DSCC) are responsible for planning and attending informational meetings throughout the region and working with other DSCC delegates throughout California to represent their community.
AD Delegates are elected by voters (to participate in the ADEM you MUST be a registered Democrat in that Assembly District).
AD Delegates vote on behalf of the community they represent at CDP Regional Meetings, the California Democratic Party Convention, and those who are also elected to serve as an Executive Board member are responsible for voting and representing their community at the semi-annual E-Board meetings.
Learn more about delegate selection
Why be a DSCC (Democratic State Central Committee) Delegate?
A DSCC delegate is the representative for their committee and specific district. Delegates attend the annual Democrats Convention, network with other Democrats, elect Party officers, promote the California Democratic Party agenda, endorse candidates for statewide, legislative and congressional office, and vote to endorse resolutions and ballot measures all doing so while representing their constituency.
Reorganization of the Democratic State Central Committee (DSCC) delegates begins at the end of 2018. The deadline for ALL DSCC delegates to be submitted to the CDP, for the 2019-21 term, is, Thursday, February 7, 2019, at 5:00 pm. Members of the DSCC (also known as "Delegates") come from the following sources:
Elected through California Democratic Party's (58) County Committees
Appointed by Democratic Party Elected Officials or the highest vote-getting Democrat if no Democrat was elected, based off the most recent election or
Elected through their Assembly District (ADDs).
Additional DSCC Delegate positions come from, The DNC State party Delegates (CA DNC members, Current/ Past Officers Statewide Officers and Regional Directors, California Democratic Council, California Young Democrats, and Statewide Chartered Organizations (chair Only).
Britain Goes After Pot Growers With 'Scratch And Sniff' Cards
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bruno Vincent/Getty Images Bruno Vincent/Getty Images
For many years, across the world, the extraordinarily powerful noses of dogs have been successfully used to help detect crime.
Now, in Britain, moves are under way to recruit humans to perform the same subtle work.
Police are encouraging the British to step out of their homes, raise their nostrils aloft, and see if they catch the whiff of wrongdoing wafting from the next-door neighbors.
Visitors to these crowded islands are often charmed by the small redbrick terraced houses that are in every town and city.
But law enforcement agencies here say the attics and backrooms of some of these homes conceal illegal urban microfarms in which criminal gangs are cultivating marijuana for commercial sale.
They want the British public to sniff these out.
'Scratch And Sniff' Cards
To perform this task, humans — like dogs — first need a little training. So a crime-fighting charity, called Crimestoppers, and police are this week sending out more than 200,000 "scratch and sniff" cards to households around the country.
They want to educate the national nose.
The British generally need little assistance detecting the presence of a smoldering joint. Millions of them use, or have used, marijuana. They know very well what it smells like, once alight.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Crimestoppers Courtesy of Crimestoppers
These scratch cards are intended to teach them how to recognize living cannabis plants. Scratch, sniff — and there it is: the strong sweet smell of cannabis while it's actually growing.
"We are distributing 'scratch and sniff' cards because not many people know how to recognize the signs of cannabis cultivation happening in their neighborhood," says Roger Critchell, Crimestoppers' director of operations.
He adds: "Many are also not familiar with the established links between this crime and serious organized crime."
A Rise In Arrests
Statistics suggest there has been a sharp rise of cannabis farms in Britain in the past year or two. It's a fair guess that this may be a side effect of prolonged economic stagnation.
In Humberside — part of northern England that includes some of the country's most depressed areas — police busted 18 farms in 2007-2008. Four years later, that number was up to 148.
The numbers are surprisingly high in some places. In West Yorkshire, police found nearly 1,800 cannabis farms in just two years.
Who knows whether "sniffer humans" will make any difference. They have an incentive: Informants get a reward of around $1,500 if there's an arrest.
Yet this is complex terrain. Many in big cities tend to take a liberal view of soft drugs, especially for personal use. Narcotics are woven into the tapestry of the history of the British: Fortunes were made in the late 18th century when their monopoly on the opium trade secured control of the Indian subcontinent. Plenty of British national "treasures," past and present, have had a puff or three.
The British also have a pleasingly droll and subversive sense of humor. The first fruits of the scratch and sniff cards are jokes — about "grassing on the grass growers."
Rachel Ginsberg's feature “Frayed Beyond Repair” in last week's Mishpacha about the rise of middle-age divorce among couples married two decades or more — many of whom appeared to have had perfectly stable, functional marriages — probably shocked many readers, especially those, like my wife and I, who do not count any divorced couples among their close friends.
The question I asked myself was: Does “Frayed Beyond Repair” also have anything to teach those for whom the word “divorce” has never crossed their lips, or even entered their thoughts? Can those who attribute everything good that has ever happened to them as adults to one good decision made long ago and can no longer imagine what course their life might have taken without their life partner still learn anything from Mrs. Ginsberg's account?
I think we probably can. If I took away one lesson from the feature it was: Marriages need nurturing. Just as HaKadosh Baruch Hu is mechadesh the world every moment by infusing it with new energy, as it were, so do we need to continually think about how to mechadesh the partnership upon which everything depends by infusing it with new energy. It's never a good idea to rely on momentum.
That observation sounds obvious, even clichéd. But the very ease and comfort that are the hallmark of a good marriage can easily slip into taking one's spouse or marriage for granted. Well over 30 years ago, I heard a series of classes for new chassanim from Rabbi Aharon Feldman, author of the classic book on marriage, The River the Kettle and the Bird (Feldheim). Rabbi Feldman invited us to make a list of everything about our spouses that ever irritated us — not that I could think of any in those early months of marital bliss. Because no matter how long the list, he said, it pales beside one crucial fact: She puts up with you.
Our spouse is the one person in the world from whom we cannot hide our faults, and who loves us nevertheless. That bedrock of our existence allows us to function productively in other areas.
Marriage, then, is the exact opposite of the first shidduch meeting when the pressure is on to impress. But just because we no longer feel the need to impress — and probably could not if we wanted to — doesn't mean that we don't have to strive to remain worthy of our spouse's love and respect (not the same thing). Compliments, expressions of gratitude, and shows of respect do not grow less necessary or less appreciated with time.
Even the most happily matched couple can forget to focus sufficiently on their marriage. As the family grows, many wives devote themselves to their children, and men to their work or learning. We tend to take for granted those nearest and dearest to us. Two of my closest friends made aliyah within the last decade or so. And, ironically, I see both less frequently than when they lived in the States. Just knowing that they are readily accessible seems to have lessened the impetus to see one another or even talk. And I suspect the same dynamic is often at play in marriage.
I was fortunate to learn most of what I know on building a strong marital bond from the observation of a wonderful marriage. Over a period of 20 years, I spent most of my time on trips to the United States in the home of a couple now well past their golden anniversary (who will remain nameless to preserve our friendship). The husband is something between a second father and older brother to me. Over that period, I was probably in their home for a total of a year or more, and I never once heard a voice raised or detected even the trace of irritation. Talk about comfort with one another — I always described their marriage as like an old glove that slips effortlessly onto the hand and moves with complete flexibility. Husband and wife each had the routine down pat, and seemed to know what the other was thinking at every moment.
Yet neither took the other for granted. He would call to let her know when he was leaving the office, and if something came up, call again to update her. In numerous ways, each day they would do little things that made clear they were both thinking about the other's needs.
Expressions in word and deed conveying “I love you; I'm concerned for you; I admire you” never become tired. But marriages where they are absent just might.
This article first appeared in Mishpacha.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Techland and Psyonix have announced a collaboration that will bring Rocket League to Dying Light and Dying Light to Rocket League. Dying Light's The Following expansion added dirt buggies to the game, and you can now equip the cars with a Rocket League-themed paint job, as seen in the video below.
To get the paint job, all you have to do is enter the code "LightMyRocket" here on this website. What looks like a Rocket League-like game mode is also shown in the video above.
As for Rocket League, Techland said some "Dying Light-inspired stuff" is coming to the soccer-with-cars game. However, no specific details were divulged.
"We're huge fans of Rocket League and because both games offer great driving fun, we thought why not just partner up and give fans of both games some unique stuff," Techland producer Tymon Smektala said in a statement.
This is not Rocket League's first partnership with an outside company, as the game also offers the DeLorean from Back to the Future and the Batmobile from Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Additionally, the Xbox One version of Rocket League has Halo and Gears of War cars.
"Rocket League's continuing success helped us foster some really awesome partnerships for Psyonix, so when Techland reached out to us we thought being included in a AAA title like Dying Light made a whole lot of sense for both communities," Psyonix social media marketing manager Kyle Lemmon said.
In other Rocket League news, Psyonix has teased that a future update will introduce basketball hoops.
When it comes to the Bachelor Universe, 2 on 1s are my favorite episodes. It takes the stakes of the show to the highest it can, in what's generally a low-stakes show. We get a literal coin flip, and you can tell the producers have forced so much drama into the scenes that it's the perfect amount of “extra”. The episodes usually also have great sound editing, setting, and incredible camerawork. Except after last week's episode, the revealing of past tweets from Lee, and the trailer for next week's episode, it feels like we are moving towards something bad.
2 on 1s are usually a time for villains to make their stake in Bachelor history, a moment where we get to see if they're real, or if they were there for only television (most go for television, but some are 100% in on fame as the goal).
Famous 2 on 1's:
Ashley I vs Kelsey: This was an incredible moment. Watching the two on the beach be left as Chris Soules leaves, the Kelsey craziness and Ashley crying, it was amazing. The memes that came out of this were the best.
Olivia vs Emily: Her mouth was so big and always open. I remember cheering against Olivia once she referred to Amanda Stanton as “Teen Mom”. In retrospect, she wasn't a bad character, and had a heavy edit. One of the weird things about this 2 on 1, is that really felt like Ben didn't care for Emily, he just thought it would be better for Olivia to no longer be there.
Alex vs Chad: The former child meme is what Alex is famous for, however, his 2 on 1 where he outlasted Chad was a great moment.
Taylor vs Corrine: Being a fan of Corrine feels weird after all of the BIP transgressions. During last season, the battle of “emotional intelligence” between her and Taylor was annoying to say the least. Getting to watch the two clash, and watching Nick almost immediately pick Corrine was even more hilarious. In all honesty, she became way more likable once Taylor was gone.
Now, Lee vs Kenny:
You hear the line: “Two men, one rose, one stays, one goes.” The hype and production that comes with 2 on 1's is unbelievable. This trailer makes me feel awkward. When I watch the Bachelorette, I'm expecting to have a relaxing watch on the couch where I can live-tweet about how lame certain people are, how dreamy another person is, how awesome Rachel is, look at some memes, and wait till it is back on next week. This produced drama to stir emotions by possibly physical fights with themes of racism included does not sound like fun.
I understand they want people to talk about this show, they want people watching this show, but after the BIP stuff, this does not feel right. This show deals with a ton of issues between the way it is viewed among popular culture. People that generally write about the show are usually more “liberal”, more blue state perspectives, trying to point out what's wrong, and celebrate who is right. However, a good amount of viewers of the show come from Middle America, Red State views that just elected a president who differs from liberalthink.
Personally, I'm distinctly liberal, I'll be honest about that. When I watch this show, I think that Lee is an “alternative fact pieces of garbage” that Kenny says he is. Lee acts sweet around Rachel, but in the house it feels he's starting things with all of the people of color. That all makes sense when you look at the person Lee is.
In his interview write-up questions before the season, he spent a good amount of time talking about his music. What music does he make? Country music. Listening to Country music does not make you racist. I would never try to imply that. A healthy amount of Country music listeners are conservative, leading towards the base of fans that Lee would have. He's gaining attention, every episode that he is on is more exposure for him. It is his goal to make it as far as he can in order to get his fans.
Do I think Lee is racist? If you had me look at a spectrum, I'd say yeah, not like an active racist, but a passive racist who believes in certain things that are inherently racist.
I feel bad for Kenny in this scenario. He had true passion for Rachel going in. Kenny might be a wrestler, but he's been as distant as possible from the persona, except for when he was forced to wrestle on a group date, and for the fact that he's a massive human being. He's been on of the most gentle, considerate, and soft-spoken people on the show in recent seasons. Kenny real wants Rachel, that feels authentic. At the same time, I'm not sure about her affection for Kenny. She's never given him a rose that early in the order. He lost his chance once Lee became one of the biggest things on his mind.
What's wrong about this whole situation is that the Bachelorette/Bachelor should be about finding love, these guys vying for her love. It shouldn't be about baited drama, for two people trying to prove something for their own self-image(s).
Coppola has been criticized for not including an African American character in her film. Here, she explains her thinking.
Since the release of “The Beguiled” earlier this summer, Sofia Coppola's film has faced criticism that it fails to include the African American character featured in Don Siegel's 1971 version. As the new film continues to open around the country, Coppola provided this exclusive statement to IndieWire in response to the backlash.
There have been some questions regarding my approach to my new film, “The Beguiled.” More specifically, there have been objections to my decision not to include the slave character, Mattie, in Thomas Cullinan's book on which my film is based. I would like to clarify this.
My film is set in a Southern school for girls at the point in the Civil War when the men had been away fighting for some time and the Union had gained momentum. According to historians and several women's journals from the time, many slaves had departed, and a great number of white women of the South were left in isolation, holding on to a world whose time had rightly come to an end—a world built on slave labor.
I wanted to tell the story of the isolation of these women, cut off from the world and in denial of a changing world. I also focused on how they deal with repression and desire when a man comes in to their abandoned world, and how this situation affects each of them, being at different stages of their life and development. I thought there were universal themes, about desire and male and female power dynamics that could relate to all women.
The circumstances in which the women in my story find themselves are historically accurate—and not a distortion of history, as some have claimed.
From “Mothers of Invention” by Drew Gilpin Faust: “War and emancipation revealed that many white women felt themselves entirely ignorant about how to perform basic functions of everyday life…A war that had at the outset made so many women feel useless and irrelevant soon demanded significant labor and sacrifice from even the most privileged southern females…”
Throughout the film, we see students and teachers trying to hold on to their crumbling way of life. Eventually, they even lock themselves up and sever all ties to the outside world in order to perpetuate a reality that has only become a fantasy. My intentions in choosing to make a film in this world were not to celebrate a way of life whose time was over, but rather to explore the high cost of denial and repression.
In his 1966 novel, Thomas Cullinan made the choice to include a slave, Mattie, as a side-character. He wrote in his idea of Mattie's voice, and she is the only one who doesn't speak proper English—her voice is not even grammatically transcribed.
I did not want to perpetuate an objectionable stereotype where facts and history supported my choice of setting the story of these white women in complete isolation, after the slaves had escaped. Moreover, I felt that to treat slavery as a side-plot would be insulting.
There are many examples of how slaves have been appropriated and “given a voice” by white artists. Rather than an act of denial, my decision of not including Mattie in the film comes from respect.
Some have said that it is not responsible to make a film set during the Civil War and not deal directly with slavery and feature slave characters. I did not think so in preparing this film, but have been thinking about this and will continue to do so. But it has been disheartening to hear my artistic choices, grounded in historical facts, being characterized as insensitive when my intention was the opposite.
I sincerely hope this discussion brings attention to the industry for the need for more films from the voices of filmmakers of color and to include more points of views and histories.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Oana Lungescu is the NATO Spokesperson.
Oana Lungescu is the principal Spokesperson for the North Atlantic Alliance, providing strategic advice to the NATO Secretary General, the North Atlantic Council, commands and NATO offices on press, media and social media. She coordinates NATO's 24/7 media operations, as well as planning and directing the media aspects of all major NATO events, including Summits and Ministerial meetings. She is also in charge of all speeches and publications by the NATO Secretary General and Deputy Secretary General. Ms Lungescu is the first woman – and the first journalist – to hold this post. In 2016, Politico named Ms. Lungescu one of the most influential women in Brussels.
Ms Lungescu joined NATO after a long journalistic career with the BBC World Service, where she covered EU and NATO affairs for radio, television and online in several languages. Born in Romania, she joined the BBC's Romanian Service in London in 1985 and subsequently became deputy head and then editor. In 1997, she was appointed European affairs correspondent in Brussels, where she covered practically every EU and NATO summit. Between 2009-2010 she reported on European affairs from Berlin.
In 1999, she travelled to Chile and Argentina to report on the aftermath of military dictatorships as the recipient of an Onassis Bursary. In 2002, she was the recipient of a European Woman of Achievement Award. In 2010, she received a jury´s commendation in 2010 UACES – Thompson Reuters Reporting Europe awards for her documentary series “State Secrets” – about secret police archives and her own Securitate file. She contributed to "Child of Europe: An Anthology of New East European Poetry" (Penguin International Poets, 1991) and to "More From Our Own Correspondent" (Barnes&Noble, 2009).
Oana Lungescu holds a Master's Degree in English and Spanish Studies from the University of Bucharest.
We have several “Limited Time Magic” surprises to share with Disney Parks Blog readers today, including details for a special celebration to officially welcome Merida into the Disney Princess Royal Court.
As a part of “Limited Time Magic,” all 10 Disney Princesses will come together on May 11 in honor of their newest member, Merida, the heroine from Disney•Pixar's film “Brave,” as the 11th Disney Princess character. The celebration begins at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday at Cinderella Castle in Magic Kingdom Park.
At the park, you'll also be able to commemorate the occasion with a limited edition Merida-inspired T-shirt created for toddlers and youth, available at the Emporium inside Magic Kingdom Park while supplies last.
Before Merida's royal celebration, we're kicking off a weeklong “Limited Time Magic” Fiesta at the Mexico Pavilion at Epcot.
It's Cinco de Mayo, Dia de los Niños and all the fun of a festive Mexican celebration rolled into one at Epcot next week. You can meet the Three Caballeros – Panchito, Jose Carioca and el Pato Donald and join in with a variety of performances, including marionettes and folkloric dancing and other surprises.
San Angel Inn and La Hacienda will be joining in the “Limited Time Magic” celebration by offering special Cinco de Mayo menus with authentic drinks, appetizers, entrees and dessert options to celebrate the occasion. Plus, because it's the Year of the Ear, as part of “Limited Time Magic,” we will feature Cinco de Mayo ear hats at the park.
And at Disneyland Resort, for a limited time beginning May 5, the “Glow with the Show” ear hats will be incorporated into nightly presentations of the fireworks spectacular “Magical.”
As part of “Limited Time Magic,” you'll also be able to find a special firework viewing area on Main Street, U.S.A., reserved for you when you wear your “Glow with the Show” ears. Special viewing area dates are: May 5, 10, 11, 12, 17, 18 and 19, and will be on a first-come, first-serve basis, due to limited capacity.
Most people don't notice when Google updates its search engine with new algorithms. But in order to help users sift through the billions of sites on the Web (with 822,240 new ones added each day), the company needs to keep improving its capabilities.
Bloomberg reports that over the past few months, Google has been testing an AI-based system called RankBrain to help parse users' queries, especially those that the search engine has never encountered before.
Of the millions of queries it receives each second, about 15 percent of them are completely new to Google. RankBrain helps the search engine better understand these ambiguous queries, such as, “What's the title of the consumer at the highest level of a food chain?” so it can serve up useful results.
It works by embedding written language into mathematical entities that the search engine can make sense of. It also guesses which words and phrases are similar in meaning to each other so it can help simplify queries for Google to look up.
Greg Corrado, a senior research scientist at Google said that of the hundreds of ‘signals' that go into shaping a search algorithm, RankBrain has quickly become the third most important one in contributing to the result of a search query.
When the company's search engineers who work on said algorithms were asked to look over a few pages and predict which ones Google would rank highly in search results, they managed to guess correctly 70 percent of the time. RankBrain's success rate was 10 percent higher.
The use of artificial intelligence in search signals how software and services will be built in the future. Implementing machine learning allows companies to understand copious amounts of data to serve a global user base.
But these powerful technologies need a lot of work before they're useful to companies and users. RankBrain was in the works for a year before the company began testing it with a dozen users and was then rolled out across all of Google Search.
Corrado notes, “Machine learning isn't just a magic syrup that you pour onto a problem and it makes it better. It took a lot of thought and care in order to build something that we really thought was worth doing.”
➤ Google Turning Its Lucrative Web Search Over to AI Machines [Bloomberg]
Read next: Want to watch the new Steve Jobs movie? Yeah, no one else does either
The cash-rich Queenslanders want to stake an NRL claim, not as a feeder club, or as a partner in a new Brisbane franchise, but as a team in their own right
Seventy years ago, on the evening of 27 February, 1947, a group of men gathered at the Redcliffe Council chambers, 40km north of Brisbane. After two hours of nominations, motions and lively discussion about everything from membership fees to jerseys, grounds and fixture lists, Redcliffe Peninsula Rugby League Football Club was born.
Tom Maule was 22 then, living in nearby Scarborough and playing second row for the mighty Brothers club from Brisbane. Now 92, he believes that he is the sole surviving member from that inaugural club meeting.
PNG Hunters prove popular as they blaze a trail for a rugby league-mad nation | Patrick Skene Read more
“I played all 1947 with the Brothers club in the Brisbane Rugby League, and on Sunday with Redcliffe in the Sandgate competition,” says Maule. “To give you an idea of the toll it took, at the start of the season I was at 16 stone 10, and I finished it at 12 stone six. I started out with one not-completely healed shoulder and finished the season with two bad shoulders. I played every game. I made a promise: I was born here in Redcliffe and I would have walked over broken glass to play here to get them started. I've been connected with the club ever since in one way or another.”
The club, now known as Redcliffe Dolphins, has grown into the most successful side in all of Queensland and one of the largest enterprises in the Moreton Bay region, with a shopping centre on the premises and more than 200 employees.
This year promises to be a big one for the Dolphins, and not only because of the 70th anniversary celebrations. With financial support from local, state and federal governments, the club is currently building a $15m boutique stadium that former player and current president Bob Jones believes will secure the Dolphins' future.
And with this combination of the new stadium, a plush leagues club, a recognisable brand and a history of success, Jones now believes the club is ready to enter the National Rugby League competition. Not as a feeder club, or as a partner in a new Brisbane franchise, but as a team in its own right.
“If we were going to go in the NRL, it would be as the Dolphins,” said Jones. “We've had quite a few meetings with the NRL, just to let them know that we were keen and ready to go. Whenever they're ready.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest James Ackerman of Redcliffe Dophins takes on the defence during the InTrust Super Cup grand final against Wynnum Manly Seagulls in 2012. Photograph: Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images
Redcliffe Dolphins currently play in the InTrust Super Cup, a competition that meanders up Queensland's east coast from the southern-most point in Tweed Heads, through Mackay, Townsville, Cairns and across the Arafura Sea to Papua New Guinea. Since the competition was established in 1996, Redcliffe have qualified for 11 grand finals, lost six and won five. Such is Redcliffe's dominance that it could be described as both the perennial bridesmaids and the powerhouse of the competition.
Indeed the Redcliffe Dolphins are one of the great survivors of Australian rugby league. Before the Brisbane Broncos, the club was a member of the thriving Brisbane Rugby League competition. But when the Broncos entered the expanded New South Wales competition in 1988, the BRL went into extreme decline.
“I went to see Brothers play Redcliffe in the 1987 BRL grand final, and it was packed,” remembers Greg Mallory, a Brothers supporter and the author of Voices from Brisbane Rugby League. ‘They reckon there was more than 35,000 people there. Then I went to the grand final in 1988 and there were 13,000. So that's dramatic – it was a whole change of culture.'
Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, as Brisbane rugby league fans found a new loyalty for Broncos, iconic clubs such as Brothers and Fortitude Valley were forced to merge and many others had to fight to remain relevant. The Redcliffe Dolphins hung on and in 1994 won their first premiership in nearly three decades. The president at the time, Des Webb, called it “the greatest day in the club's history”, while the current president, Bob Jones, believes it marked the beginning of a golden era that lasted until 2006.
In his book A man's gotta have a hobby: Long summers with my dad, Redcliffe supporter and actor William McInnes remembered the BRL as the expression of “a different Brisbane; a little rougher maybe, certainly more of a small town, but a town that was richer in the way its people interacted”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Arthur Beetson played 56 game for Redcliffe. Photograph: Redcliffe Dolphins
McInnes, who now lives in Melbourne, returns home often to watch the club play. Redcliffe's team manager and number one supporter, Jon Sloan, sends him updates and memorabilia, and McInnes regularly watches grainy old footage from the BRL on YouTube. He returns time and time again to the video of Bevan Bleakley's try in the 1975 grand final. “It's a way of reconnecting with friends and remembering where you come from,” he says.
“It was the big thing in town, most people had a team, and it was the way Brisbane defined itself. I know Redcliffe really defined itself through its league team. The way that club has grown, it's not just a sporting club, it's a community. My mother used to go to the trivia nights – I'd go with her some nights – and my sister uses the aqua aerobics facility. The great thing about the club is that they put so much back into the community. I think they're quite aware of their position in Redcliffe and on the Sunshine Coast.”
Redcliffe is also a club that treasures its history and traditions. Dozens of jerseys worn by Dolphins alumni adorn the walls of the clubhouse, from Tom Maule's tattered old representative jumper to the Queensland and Kangaroos jerseys of the modern era.
Many of Queensland's most iconic players and coaches passed through the club, including Barry Muir, Dick “Tosser” Turner, Bryan Niebling, Peter Leis, Adam Mogg, Daly Cherry-Evans, Wally Fullerton-Smith, Brent Tate, Petero Civoniceva and, of course, the late, great Arthur Beetson – a man once described as the “tribal elder” of the Queensland State of Origin side.
“Big Artie”, who played 56 game for Redcliffe, was a key figure in the club's first ever premiership win in 1965. Redcliffe beat Valleys 15 points to two that day with Kevin Yow Yeh, an explosive Indigenous winger from Gladstone, scoring two tries.
Beetson and Yow Yeh roomed together at Redcliffe and in 1966, when both men were signed by Balmain, their transfer fees helped Redcliffe finance the construction of their clubhouse. But while Beetson would go on to become Queensland's first captain in State of Origin and the first Indigenous captain of Australia, Yow Yeh died in the watch house at Mackay jail in 1975.
To this day Redcliffe Dolphins maintain a connection to the Indigenous community as the host of Queensland's annual Murri Carnival, which is run by Beetson's sons at the Arthur Beetson Foundation, and over the years the club has been home to many Indigenous players.
Waverley Stanley of the Redcliffe Dolphins. Photograph: Redcliffe Dolphins
One of those players was Waverley Stanley, the founding director of Yalari, a not-for-profit Indigenous education organisation. Between 1986 and 1996 Stanley played 113 first-grade games for the Dolphins and captained the club to the premiership in 1994.
“I played all my senior football at Redcliffe,” says Stanley. “I never wanted to play for another club. Being an Indigenous person didn't make any difference, you were just accepted for who you are and for your ability as a rugby league player.”
The people of Redcliffe are a slightly different breed, removed from the rest of Brisbane by the bridge that spans Bramble Bay. Historian Greg Mallory believes that geographic separation is one of the reasons behind Redcliffe Dolphins' survival and recent success, while Bob Jones reckons it has given the club a distinct character.
“Redcliffe still has a bit of a country feel about it,' says Jones. “It's big enough for people not to know all your business, but small enough for you to know a lot of people. Redcliffe people have always been very parochial, our supporters are long-term and we've always had our own identity. We learnt from our coach Barry Muir – who was also the Queensland coach – that other teams hated coming across that bridge. They knew they were in for a really torrid time. Once we heard that, Barry Muir said, let's not disappoint them.”
Over the years the club has embraced more skilful players, not just the hard men, but one thing has stayed the same: Redcliffe people are loyal to their own. When William McInnes' mother died, one of the club's star players, Peter Leis, turned up unannounced. “I knew your mum loved her footy,” Leis told McInnes simply.
“Redcliffe Dolphins have great supporters,” says Stanley. “A lot of the elderly ladies supported the club year in, year out, whether we were getting flogged or winning premierships.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A youthful Petero Civoniceva before he went on to become an NRL great. Photograph: Redcliffe Dolphins
Bob Jones, who grew up in Gunnedah, left Redcliffe to play in Sydney in the late 1970s, but came straight back after one season. He's been with the club ever since. Beetson also returned to Redcliffe as player-coach in 1981, and for years ran the local Moreton Bay Hotel. When he died in 2011, the funeral was held at Dolphin Oval.
At the service that day was Queensland and Kangaroos star Petero Civoniceva. The big prop forward grew up just over the road from Dolphin Oval, went to the local schools, jumped off the famous old jetty, progressed through the junior ranks at the Dolphins and described Redcliffe in his autobiography as “my heartland”.
Civoniceva was in the Under-19s for the club's famous premiership victory in 1994, and when he retired from the NRL in 2012 after more than 300 top-flight games, he went back to Redcliffe for one final season. He still lives in the area and his young sons, Jacobi and Kaden, now play for the Dolphins in the Under-9s and Under-10s respectively.
“Growing up through the club, I got to meet guys like Bob Jones and Des Webb, and they were really instrumental in my childhood and junior football,” says Civoniceva. “Redcliffe are a very successful club and they certainly have got the facilities and the talent pool to warrant an NRL bid. Obviously there's a tremendous amount of work that goes into that, but I'm sure a club like Redcliffe will give it a really good go. It would be great to see them one day realise those dreams of becoming an NRL team.”
Although Bob Jones concedes that expansion is not a high priority for the NRL, he also believes the market is saturated in Sydney and that there is room for a second team in Brisbane. Despite all the mergers and expansion over the past three decades, the competition is still heavily stacked in favour of NSW, and more than half of the current NRL clubs are from Sydney.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Redcliffe Dolpjhins Under-8s team in 1997, featuring current Manly and Queensland player Daly Cherry-Evans, holding the ball in the front row. Photograph: Redcliffe Dolphins
Over the past few years there has been talk of a Brisbane Bombers franchise, although nothing has come to fruition. But with stage two of Redcliffe's new stadium set for completion later this year, Jones believes the club will have better facilities than many of the NRL sides.
For now, Redcliffe Dolphins are set to open the 2017 season with a grand final rematch against Burleigh Bears. The club has lost three grand finals in the past decade, and has not won the competition since 2006. “Redcliffe,” jokes McInnes, “have always had a great way of losing premierships”. A win this season, then, would be a fitting way to celebrate 70 years.
As for the club's long-term aspirations, Tom Maule doesn't know if he'll ever see his beloved Redcliffe Dolphins play in the national league. But if the NRL do eventually come calling, he is convinced his club “can stand the heat in the kitchen”.
He says “99% of the people involved in the Redcliffe club are givers, not takers. I was the auditor there for 30-odd years, and Redcliffe has never ever not paid a bill. Redcliffe has always paid its way.”
Columbia Pictures to be Distributor of Local Film PATAY NA SI HESUS
In a rare move in the local industry, an American company is set to locally distribute a locally produced film. Columbia Pictures has announced that they have gotten distribution rights for the comedy “Patay na si Hesus” starring Cannes Film Festival 2016's Best Actress Jaclyn Jose. The Sony-owned company marks its return to local movie distribution with the T. rex Entertainment Productions produced film. With the scenic route from Cebu to Dumaguete as its backdrop, the movie serves up an unforgettably riotous road trip in which a single mother (Jaclyn Jose) drives her children in a cramped mini mini-van so they can pay their final respects to their father before he is laid to rest. The movie is in Bisaya and Tagalog. To prepare for her role, Jose took Cebuano lessons several weeks before the shoot.
Early audience reviews are in, and they are ecstatic. The film got rave recommendations from industry heavyweights and newcomers like Jerrold Tarog (director of "Heneral Luna"), Jade Castro (director of "Zombadings 1: Patayin sa Shokot si Remington.") and Sigrid Andrea Bernardo, writer-director of "Kita Kita".
Directed by young Cebuano filmmaker Victor Villanueva, "Patay na si Hesus" is one of the 12 films selected by the Film Development Council of the Philippines (FDCP) for its first Pista ng Pelikulang Pilipino (PPP), which starts on August 16 in cinemas nationwide.
Update: 7/23/12: Lincoln police have now classified the attack as a hate crime due to the victim's sexual orientation.
LINCOLN, Neb. — Over 500 people gathered on the steps of the Nebraska State Capitol Sunday night to hold a vigil for a lesbian woman brutalized early Sunday morning in what local LGBT activists are calling a hate crime.
According to Lincoln, Neb., Police Captain Joe Wright, patrol officers responded to an address two blocks south of Lincoln High School in the downtown area, for a reported assault and house fire.
The victim, whose name has not been released, told officers that she had been attacked earlier that morning by three masked men who barged into her house, bound her wrists and ankles with zip ties, cut her all over her body and carved homophobic slurs into her skin before dumping gasoline on her floor and lighting it with a match.
A friend described the cuts as “things carved on her body that can only be described as hate, that somebody can only be taught and we need to stop teaching it.”
A source to LGBTQ Nation said “the words ‘cunt,' ‘fag' and ‘dyke' were carved onto her face and body, and that the assailants tried to set her house on fire.”
Lincoln fire department arson investigator Damon Robbins, told the local media that there was evidence that a match flame ignited vapors from a pool of gasoline on the woman's floor, but the flash fire did not continue to burn and caused no noticeable damage to the house.
Friends said the men who assaulted her also spray painted anti-gay words in her basement, including “We found u dyke.” Friends called the attack a hate crime because the woman assaulted is a lesbian.
“When someone takes the time to handcuff someone with a zip tie and carve derogatory comments or words into somebody else's body, that's sheer hate and at this point, this is a hate crime,” the friend said.
“Our hearts go out to the victim, her family and close friends,” said Tyler Richard, president of Outlinc, a group that supports LGBT people in Lincoln. “Many in our community are understandably experiencing a great deal of sadness, anger and confusion. We look to our entire community to pull together in this difficult time, ” he said.
The assault has sparked outrage in Lincoln's LGBT community, which is already galvanized by the ongoing debate over the city's fairness amendment — a proposal to ban discrimination in housing and employment based on a person's sexual orientation or gender identity. The measure is now on a ballot referendum for this November.
Karen Bratton-Cranford, president of the LGBT advocacy group Star City Pride, took the microphone at Sunday night's vigil to urge those gathered to act with respect and to refrain from seeking revenge, reported the Lincoln Star-Journal.
“Don't go out and act on your own,” she said. “Don't give them the power to control your actions.”
Police have not yet ruled the attack a hate crime, and Lincoln's Police Chief Jim Peschong, refused to comment, citing an ongoing criminal investigation.
Officials told LGBTQ Nation late Sunday evening that no arrests had been made. The victim has been treated for her wounds and is staying with friends.
Nebraska has a hate crimes statute that covers crimes motivated by a victim's sexual orientation. Federal authorities also may have jurisdiction over the crime as a result of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act.
Update, 7/23/12:
Lincoln police have now classified the attack as a hate crime due to the victim's sexual orientation.
“I don't want to minimize this and make it a political issue, because it was a horrible thing that happened in our community, and it saddens me that this happened,” City Councilmen Carl Eskridge told LGBTQ Nation on Monday. “It is because of events like this we need to pass the fairness ordinance, and that is why I introduced it.”
“It's critically important that we find a common voice, for all of us to come together to improve the community,” he said.
Fred Sainz, Vice President of Communications for the Human Rights Campaign, called the attack “a jarring reminder that we have much work to do in creating environments where all members of our community feel safe living honestly and openly, and where crimes motivated by one's sexual orientation or gender identity are never tolerated.”
This Story Filed Under
With rumours of Rahul Gandhi taking over as Congress president soon doing the rounds, senior Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar said that "only two people can be Congress president, mother or son".
"Rahul (Gandhi) already said that he is ready to contest election," Mani Shankar Aiyar was quoted by news agency ANI on Sunday. "To contest election, people are required. If there is no one and there is only one candidate, how will you conduct election in the first place," the senior Congress leader asked.
Rahul Gandhi is likely to be announced as the Congress president by October 31, taking the mantle from mother Sonia Gandhi who steered the party for 19 years.
Sources in the Congress have said that the party will announce its presidential election, if required, between October 15 and October 20. The election will be held if more than one nomination is received for the Congress president's post.
Congress MP Sachin Pilot had recently hinted at the possibility of Rahul Gandhi taking over as Congress president after Diwali. Pilot said that the "general sentiment" in the party is that Rahul Gandhi should lead from the front and "take over as the party president".
In an interview to PTI, Sachin Pilot said, "Organisational elections of the Congress are underway and the new president could take over shortly after Diwali. It is something that has been in the pipeline for the long time."
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla recently said that the Congress has unanimously decided to elevate Rahul Gandhi as its president as it needs a leader in place of Sonia Gandhi who faces health issues.
"There are various types of leaders. Some leaders are made, some leaders are imposed. Rahul Gandhi is not a willing politician but the party needs a strong, good leadership," he said, adding that with concerns over Sonia Gandhi's health, the party wants Rahul Gandhi as its leader.
ALSO WATCH: Ready or not, here I come: How a chair is giving Rahul Gandhi sleepless nights
Home Timeline 1914
Summer: June 28,1914:
Archduke Franz Ferdinand is assassinated by Serbian nationalist Gavrillo Principe, a member of the Black Hand terrorist organization July 10, 1914:
Viennese foreign minister Fredrich Von Wisner goes to Sarajevo to study investigation material and to examine the Serbian governments role in the assassination of the Archduke. July 13, 1914:
Von Wisner sends telegram back to Vienna, stating "There is nothing to show complicity of the Serbian government in the direction of the assassination or its preparations or in supplying of weapons. Nor is there anything to lead one to conjecture such a thing. On the contrary, there is evidence that would appear to show complicity is out of the question." Oddly enough, German authorities had also come to the same conclusion. Former Chancellor Von Bulow later wrote in his memoirs "Although the horrible murder was the work of a Serbian society with branches all over the country, many details prove that the Serbian government had neither instigated nor desired it."
July 28, 1914: Austria declares war on Serbia July 31, 1914:
Russia and Austria decreed the mobilization of there forces, while Germany sends ultimatum to Russia and France August 1, 1914:
Germany declares war on Russia August 2, 1914:
Germany sends ultimatum to Belgium demanding free passage for her troops August 3, 1914:
Germany declares war on France; Britain sends ultimatum to Germany to respect Belgian neutrality. Evening August 4, 1914:
No satisfactory response is received from Germany. Britain declares war. We have war in Europe! August 4, 1914:
Germany invades Belgium August 6, 1914:
Austria - Hungary declares war on Russia. Serbia declares war on Germany August 7, 1914:
British Expeditionary Force (BEF) arrives in France. France invades Alsace Lorraine. August 12, 1914:
Great Britton declares war on Austria - Hungary. Austria invades Poland. Austria - Hungary invades Serbia. August 13, 1914:
France declares war on Austria - Hungary. August 14 , 1914:
Battle of the Frontiers August 16, 1914:
Germans take Belgian fortress city of Liege. Serbians defeat Austrians at Battle of Jadar. August 17, 1914:
Russia invades East Prussia August 18, 1914:
Russia invades Galicia August 20, 1914:
Germany enters Brussels August 22, 1914:
Battle of Mons. August 23, 1914:
Japan declares war on Germany August 26, 1914:
Battle of Tannenberg. Battle of Le Cateau. August 28, 1914: Austria declares war on Belgum. August 29, 1914: Russians invade Konigsberg. August 30, 1914: Germans occupy French city of Amiens. August 31, 1914: Germans defeat Russians at Tannenberg. Summer turns to Fall and the war goes on.
Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter has reported that Alberto Del Rio, also working as El Patron in certain promotions, will begin working for Ring of Honor in 2015. Meltzer notes that Del Rio was supposed to feature in a pre-recorded segment on the Final Battle PPV but that the footage either wasn't recorded or didn't make it in time. He's expected to start for ROH in January and it will be his American home promotion going forward. This is a sign that his negotiations with TNA either didn't pan out or ROH were able to offer him more money/negotiate a better deal.
It's very possible that Del Rio makes his ROH debut at ROH's first TV taping of 2015, in Nashville, Tennessee, on January 3rd. Ring of Honor is without several top talents at that taping, including ROH World Tag Team Champions reDRagon, The Young Bucks and AJ Styles, due to their NJPW obligations as NJPW Wrestle Kingdom takes place the next day. ROH will be running four shows in January.
Meltzer also notes that he could still feature for Lucha Underground, but no contract has been agreed, and that Bellator are interested in him.
(Source: Wrestling Observer)
WATCH ABOVE: A woman found dead in McGregor Lake on the weekend was days away from marrying her fiancé. Gary Bobrovitz reports.
CALGARY – A young Calgary couple has been identified as victims of a boat trip in southern Alberta that ended in tragedy.
RCMP said the pair set out on McGregor Lake near Vulcan on Sunday. Their speedboat was later spotted adrift with several dogs on board.
Related RCMP call off search for missing man at McGregor Lake
The body of a woman in her 30s was located near the shore of the lake that afternoon. Officers said she wasn't wearing a life jacket, and that none were found on the boat.
Friends have identified the woman as Kamber Lindenbach, a personal trainer originally from Golden, B.C., who had been living in Calgary for a number of years.
RCMP spent Sunday night and all of Monday looking searching for her fiancé, 37-year-old Wayne Stertz. The search was eventually called off by RCMP who said they had combed the entire area without success.
RCMP said Wednesday the man's body was located around 3 p.m. near the area where rescue crews found his boat.
The pair were set to be married within the next month.
McGregor Lake is located about 150 kilometres southeast of Calgary.
– With files from Sarah Offin
*Editor's note: This story was originally published on Tuesday, August 4, 2015. It was updated at 4:17 p.m. MT Wednesday to add information about the man's body being found.
This article is a significant update to a version written in 2012. It has been edited to include new articles, ads, some nostalgic games, reviews, and technology from 1995. It's also been updated with 2015 numbers, where applicable. If you liked the first version, you'll probably like this one too. I recently stumbled upon
4.5k SHARES Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit Stumbleupon Google Digg Tumblr Mail Linkedin
This article is a significant update to a version written in 2012. It has been edited to include new articles, ads, some nostalgic games, reviews, and technology from 1995. It's also been updated with 2015 numbers, where applicable. If you liked the first version, you'll probably like this one too.
I recently stumbled upon a computer science project I did in high school (back in 1995) entitled “Technology in Society”. We were tasked with finding newspaper articles that demonstrated technology in various work spaces. Discovering a gem like this – especially after two decades have passed – is eye opening and mind boggling.
Reading through it, I drifted back to my teenage years and recalled my earliest experiences with a PC: the excitement and surprise when reading through Compton's Encyclopedia; playing DOOM and Wolfenstein with a newly installed sound card; and browsing a primitive Web 1.0 Internet on Netscape Navigator. These experiences would form the foundation for my future career in the online, interactive space.
To get this started, this is what the homepage of CNN.com looked like in 1995:
Home computing has come a very long way, and so I thought I'd share a few of the articles from that 1995 project.
The first article article, written by Paul De Groot and published in 1995 in the Montreal Gazette, went as follows:
Here's the Fall '95 version of a basic computer
Let me tell you about a computer advertisement from 1993.
One company was advertising 9,600-baud modems for as low as $500. Dell was selling a top-of-the-line 486 with a 66MHz processor, eight megabytes of RAM and a 320-megabyte hard drive for $4,400.
The single biggest difference is in the hard drive prices. Three hundred dollars got you 80 megabytes, and a one-gigabyte drive from IBM cost more than $3,000. Single speed CD-ROMs sold for $600. Today, if you could buy this hardware, it would cost between 10 and 25% of what it cost two years ago.
Let's look at the latest crop of computers and see what's happened since last fall.
Memory (RAM): We seem to have convinced most manufacturers to adopt eight megabytes as standard, compared with four megabytes in 1994. Don't buy less than eight. The difference in performance between an eight megabyte machine and a four-megabyte machine can be dramatic.
Hard Drives: One-gigabyte hard drives are common this year, compared with the 400-500 megabyte drives of 1994. The price difference between the two is only about $200, and it's worth it.
Monitors: In 1995, we're edging into 15-inch monitors as standard, compared with the 14-inchers of the past, but the extra inch adds little. If you really need more monitor, go for a 17-inch screen and pay the $400 premium.
Video: We're into 24-bit accelerated video cards these days, and while these cards look great in benchmark tests, faster processors and faster circuitry make accelerated video less critical. The 24-bit feature affects color depth – that is, the ability of the computer to display more than 256 colors (which is eight-bit color). A 24-bit card can display up to 17 million colors – nice if you've got 24-bit images to look at, but few programs require such depth. You needn't go to 24-bit color to improve on the standard 256-color display: many inexpensive video cards have 32,000 or 64,000 color modes which are already a substantial improvement.
Sound cards: In 1995, we're seeing more cards with wavetable synthesis, which provides more realistic representation of musical instruments. But there's not much software which requires this: the sound of a plasma blaster in DOOM is not a musical instrument. Unless you're serious about music, you might want to pass on wavetable sound for now.
Modems: The 14.4k modems are on the way out and 28.8 is in. I'd tend toward 28.8 for about an extra $100, but a 14.4 is pretty quick and will capably handle email.
CD-ROMs: In 1994, double-speed drives were mainstream and quad-speed drives were in the future. Well, the future is here. I'd like to say you don't need to spend extra here, but I think software makers are already assuming people have quad-speed drives. Go for a quad if you can.”
A Lot Can Change in 20 Years
A table to summarize how far we've come in 20 years…
Part 1995 PC 2015 PC Memory 8mb at $400 per 4 MB 8 gigabytes is common…, which is 8,000 megabytes Hard Drive 400 to 1,000 megabytes 500 Gigabytes is low end… which is 500,000 megabytes. 500 GB can be as low as $50. Terabyte drives are common (1,000,000 megabytes) for less than the cost of a 1994, 400 MB drive. Depending on quality, cache, etc, price can also be as low as $50. Processor 33MHz 4,000 MHz+ with multiple cores (it's very affordable to get 8) and countless optimizations (clock speed is not a clear measurement for processing power) Video 24-bit accelerated PCI Express 2 (replacing PCI, and then AGP) with 1-2 Gigabytes of dedicated RAM, for about $250 Monitor 14” CRT 24” wide screen LCD/LED Sound Sound Blaster 16 (16-bit) 24-bit, PCI Express, 3d, quad core processors with onboard RAM Modem 28.8 Obsolete, except for users in very rural areas Optical Disk 2x CD-ROM Arguably moving towards obsolescence with digital downloads so prevalent. BluRay, DVD, some CD-ROM remains…
Here's another article in a similar vein (still part of the same project!).
“Yanks big on home tech”, by David Jundson, 1995 in the Montreal Gazette.
On a typical day, 24 million Americans use a home computer for some personal or work related task,” reports the Time Mirror Center for the People and The Press in a study. The report found a “new wave” of demographically distinct consumers is joining the ranks of computer users. CD-ROM drives, capable of offering users moving graphics, sound, and access to encyclopedias or games, are proliferating. More than half of new home computer purchases include CD-ROMS.
Commercial on-line services such as Compuserve and America Online, connecting users to such diverse sources as world weather reports or car-buying guides, are rapidly being embraced. From the beginning of 1994 to June of 1995, the number of Americans using online services jumped from 5 million to 12 million.
Other interesting findings:
Among all Americans, 18% do some work from home using a computer. 7% say they operated a home-based business using a computer.
Of the 14 million regular on-line users, 53% are heavy email users, and email is by far the largest category of use. 41% perform work or research, and 30% get news from an on-line service. Also, while women often lag behind men in technology use, not so with email. 65% of women on-line users communicate via email with friends or family, whereas 56% of men report doing so.
The poll found that 32% of households overall have a PC. Of those, 15% have been bought in the past year (between 1994 and 1995). 44% of people under 50 have a PC, which 23% of people over 50 do. The percentage of men owning a computer is 41% compared with 32% for women. The poll found 38% of white households using computers and 23% of African American households doing so.
To compare with today's numbers…
Globally in 2015, roughly 3 billion people on Earth now use the Internet. Let's put that in perspective for a moment.
There are 1.2 billion Catholics and 1.6 billion Muslims in the world, totaling 2.8 billion. There are more people using the internet since the 1990's than there are Catholics and Muslims combined – and they've had thousands of years to grow their numbers.
And here's the data to back the graph. Less have half a percent used the internet in 1995, compared to 40.4% in 2015. This is astonishing growth. What will it look like in 2035?
Oh, and the number of connected devices? In 2012 it was 8.7 billion. In 2020, it'll be about 75 billion.
Windows: Pretty Slick for Its Time
On August 24th, 1995, Microsoft launched Windows 95. Personally, it was a big day for me. I went from Windows 3.1 and upgraded to the Windows 95. The Start button introduced itself, and is still (by most accounts) popular today. You could have long file names, which was a godsend. Graphically, it was fairly intuitive, and looked pretty good.
You could install Windows 95 from just thirteen 1.68MB floppy disks. The ISO for Windows 10 is nearly 4GB.
According to PC Gamer, the “advanced features of Windows 95 will mean companies providing services via the MS Network could bring visual style into the online equation.” Sure thing.
I Am A Nostalgic Geek: Here's my 1st PC
I remember my first computer well… It was an IBM Ambra, with a 25MHz processor, 4MB of RAM and a 220 Megabyte hard drive. There was no sound, no video card, and no CD-ROM. Later, we upgraded to 8MB of RAM for $450, and then added a sound card and CD-ROM “multimedia package” for about $600.
Now, I use a desktop, laptop and iPhone 6s, iPad (and iPad Mini), PlayStation 3, and a couple of old server PCs (all of which are vastly more powerful than that machine from 1995). Plus, I use several cloud based applications for online storage. They're all interconnected and used on a regular basis.
Speaking of portable storage, you don't even have to go as far back as 1995 to see dramatic changes in size and price. Portable flash cards have increased in size by orders of magnitude and have dropped in price by the same. A 128 Gb card today costs around $50, or roughly $0.39 per gig. A card with 128MB capacity cost roughly $30 in 2005… which works out to $234 per gig.
PC Gamez: 1995 Stylez
Fortunately, I also kept (and found) a piece of my gaming history as well: copies of of the May, 1995 PC Gamer (featuring Aliens and X-COM: Terror from the Deep) and July, 1995 Computer Gaming World (featuring MechWarrior 2 and a sneak preview of Duke Nukem 3D).
The most popular games in May of 1995 were Panzer General, Dark Forces, and X-COM: Terror From The Deep. Take a look at the gaming studios associated with the Top 10 – how many remain today? How many of these games did you score from now defunct “warez” sites?
And then, a full page review in PC Gamer for the original Warcraft by Blizzard Entertainment. It was rated as an Editor's Choice (good call), and, “mixes action and strategy in a brew so addictive it should come with a warning label.”.
The requirements for the game were a 386/ 25MHz; CD-ROM drive; 4MB of RAM; 2MB of hard drive space; VGA; and a mouse. But for the best experience, PC Gamer recommended a 486SX/25 MGz with a compatible sound card. Amazing – can you imagine listing a “mouse” or “sound card” as a requirement?
Warcraft would become one of Blizzard's most successful franchises, followed by sequels, character spin-offs for use in other Blizzard games like Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm, and would become the universe and framework for most successful MMO ever, World of Warcraft. The franchise would even boast a full length movie (due out in 2016), titled appropriately, “Warcraft“.
I jumped on the Wacraft bandwagon when Warcraft 2: Tides of Darkness was released. At the time, I was still enthralled with Doom, Heretic, Hexen, and Wolfenstein. Speaking of Wolfenstein… the graphics have improved by such a large margin that they are almost incomparable.
William B.J. Blazkowicz, from 1992's Wolfenstein compared to 2014… 22 years makes a big difference:
Virtual Reality in 1995? Wut?
In 2015, we boast about the quality of VR peripherals like Oculus Rift. When its development kit was made public, the results were astonishing. It felt like VR really was close this time… and sure enough, it's scheduled to launch in 2016 and is already miles ahead of the orginal version.
But before Oculus Rift, there was “i-glasses!‘, back in 1995. Heck, back then, if I had two heads, I'd buy one for each! The magazine was bold enough to say that PC gaming should get ready for virtual reality because it was around the corner and that “PC gaming may never be the same.”. It feels like until a couple of years a go, and nearly two decades later, you could say the same thing and still be correct. This time… this time… it feels like virtual reality really is just around the corner.
We've come a long way
The Apollo Guidance Computer clocked in a 2 MHz and had 4 KB of RAM. A Nintendo Entertainment System clocked in at 1.8 MHz with 2 KB of RAM. That means we could combine two NESs and you'd equal the processing power to get to the moon (admittedly, this is a gross simplification).
I'm excited to see where we'll go from here. How will it affect gaming and the entertainment industry as a whole? Will peripheral devices supporting virtual reality finally take off? What world problems will we be able to solve, and at what cost?
Do you remember your first computer? What games did you play? What do you miss?
The eternal debate—of whether to soak in the tub or lounge in a hammock—has just been rendered moot, thanks to this stunning carbon fiber hammock tub that lets you do both at the same time. Made by the UK company SplinterWorks, it's called the Vessel, and it makes for an awesome centerpiece for your bathroom, assuming you've got the room for it (and the cash).
At just under nine feet long, the Vessel is actually considerably longer than your standard tub, making it particularly ideal for taller bathers. And the layers of carbon fiber that make up its curvy form are filled with foam core so it's better insulated than a regular tub too, keeping your water warmer for longer.
Advertisement
Installation does appear a bit tricky, however, since you'll need to install a drain on the floor to allow the Vessel to empty, as well as a standing faucet to fill it. And when it comes to mounting the tub you'll need walls that are strong enough to not only support the weight of the water, but a bather as well. Complications aside, if you're redoing a bathroom and desperately want to impress your friends, whatever ridiculous price tag SplinterWorks is charging for the Vessel is no doubt worth it. Especially when you discover it comes in an assortment of colors, including silver, bronze, and even pink. [SplinterWorks via Contemporist]
Nepalese Mountaineering Department official Gyanendra Shrestha said Monday that a German, a Nepal -born Canadian and a Korean died on Saturday while descending from the 29,035-foot summit.
Mr Shrestha said the weather was favourable on Friday and Saturday morning but a wind storm swept the mountain later on Saturday.
Mr Shrestha, stationed at the base camp of Everest, said he was waiting for details.
German climber 61-year-old doctor Eberhard Schaaf was believed to have suffered high altitude cerebral edema.
"We are sad to announce the death of Eberhard Schaaf, of Germany, at the south side of the summit of Mount Everest," Ang Tshering Sherpa of the Kathmandu-based Asian Trekking adventure agency said.
"The medical staff at the Himalayan Rescue Association believe the cause of death to be altitude sickness."
Sherpa said South Korean Song Won-Bin, who had been missing since Saturday, died at "The Balcony", an area near the top of the peak.
Tilak Pandey, a tourism ministry official at the Everest base camp, said separately that a Nepali-born Canadian woman named Shriya Shah had also been killed on Sunday.
"Most of these deaths occur due to high altitude sickness," said Sherpa. "Climbers spend their energy on the ascent and they are exhausted and fatigued on the descent."
He added that a Chinese climber and a Nepali mountain guide were also missing.
Have you ever wondered where on Earth people smoke the most weed? Me too. Unfortunately, that kind of information tends to be vague and somewhat fuzzy. With cannabis illegal practically everywhere around the world, the production, sales and consumption of pot is driven underground to the black market.
However, there are many organizations dedicated to keeping track of drug traffic, the largest and most respected being the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. Every year they publish the World Drug Report, which uses surveys and law enforcement data to estimate the percentage of the population in different countries which use drugs. This list draws on data from the UNODC to determine the total number of cannabis users in each country (not the highest use per capita, as you'll see in other lists). This gives us a better picture of how much weed is actually smoked in any given country.
Without further ado, I give you the 10 countries that smoke the most weed:
10. Canada
Canada is a land of wide open spaces, natural beauty – and liberal marijuana laws. The government issues licenses for medical and industrial use, and often “looks the other way” on recreational use, especially in the province of British Columbia. Of 36 million citizens, the World Drug Report found that 12.6% were marijuana smokers, enough for Canada to squeak in at #10 on our list with 4.5 million cannabis smokers.
9. Spain
Spain is one of the leading examples of drug policy reform, pursuing a model of decriminalization and treatment instead of punishment and imprisonment. It is legal to grow and consume cannabis in your home or in private clubs, and smoking in public only results in a fine and seizure. According to the report, 10.6% of Spaniards use cannabis; but some sources put the figure as high as 25%. With a population of 46 million people, even using the more conservative estimate means that there are 4.8 million smokers in Spain – more than enough to make the list.
8. Egypt
Egypt is famous for being home to one of the oldest civilizations on Earth, and the site of such ancient wonders as the Sphinx and the pyramids at Giza. Ancient Egyptians used cannabis medicinally, religiously and recreationally, but it was outlawed in 1925 under the Geneva Convention on Narcotic Control. However, marijuana use is still widespread, and very much a part of the culture. The report found that only 6.2% of Egyptians are cannabis users, but with a total population of 88 million, that is more than 5.4 million smokers; #8 in the world.
7. France
France is not known for being lenient with drug offenders. Getting caught smoking on the streets of Paris could get you up to a year in jail. Despite facing these harsh penalties, however, 8.6% percent of French people admit to using cannabis. With a population of 66 million, that calculates to 5.6 million pot smokers in France, making it one of the top consuming countries in Europe, and #7 in the world.
6. Ghana
Somewhat surprisingly, the tiny African nation of Ghana is one of the world's top consumers of cannabis. Despite marijuana technically being illegal there, it seems that smoking pot has become increasingly commonplace, especially among young people. With a population of only 27 million, Ghana is the smallest nation on our list. But with an incredible 21.5% of the population, or 5.8 million people, admitting to cannabis use, Ghana is the sixth biggest consumer of marijuana in the world.
5. Pakistan
Pakistan has a long history of cannabis and hashish use. It is used openly by Hindus and Sufis for religious purposes, and is sometimes smoked during communal gatherings. Although technically illegal, marijuana is somewhat tolerated, and the laws are seldom enforced. According to the report, only 3.9% of Pakistanis consume cannabis. But, as the fifth most populous nation on Earth, home to 196 million people, that still translates to 7.6 million pot smokers, making Pakistan #5 on our list.
4. Italy
Italy is the birthplace of linguine, Lamborghini and Leonardo da Vinci. This lovely Mediterranean nation is also Europe's largest consumer of cannabis. Marijuana is illegal there, although possession of small amounts of pot has been somewhat decriminalized – you can be fined, and have your license suspended, but you can't be sent to jail. Regardless of the legal status, 14.6% of Italians smoke weed, out of a population of 61 million. That's 8.9 million admitted cannabis users, #4 in the world.
3. Nigeria
Nigeria is the largest nation in Africa, in terms of both population and economy – so, no surprise that it is the largest consumer of cannabis on the the continent. Marijuana is illegal, but it's use is still very widespread. Of 174 million people, 14.3% of them are cannabis users. Which means that there are 24.8 million pot smokers in this West African nation, making Nigeria the third largest consumer of weed in the world.
2. India
Cannabis has been a part of Indian life and culture for thousands of years, a fixture in certain religious rituals and festivals. The British government began to impose restrictions and regulations on hemp and marijuana in the late 19th century, which only intensified with the rise of international drug treaties. Today pot is technically illegal, but is actually sold and consumed openly in some states, especially in the form of bhang. Though a mere 3.2% of the population uses marijuana, India is home to 1.2 billion people. That equates to 38.4 million cannabis users, meaning the second most populous nation on Earth is also the second biggest consumer of ganja.
1. U.S.A.
The U.S. is currently undergoing a sea change in marijuana policy. The latest scientific research shows the tremendous medicinal potential of cannabis, and the latest polls indicate that a majority of Americans are in favor of legalization. Medical marijuana is legal in more than 20 states, and recreational use is legal in four states, the District of Columbia, and the cities of Portland and South Portland in Maine. 13.7% of Americans admit to using cannabis, and out of a population of 320 million, that's 43.8 million smokers. Which means that when it comes to smoking weed, nobody does it more than the U.S. of A.
Through the first six games of the NFL season, teams have reported a total of 44 concussions on the league's official injury report. Last week, we added 8 new players to our Concussion Watch database. This past weekend, at least six more players appeared to suffer a concussion. As we look ahead to next weekend's games, these are the names we'll be watching for on the next injury report:
Danny Amendola, New England Patriots
Danny Amendola was knocked out of New England's Week 6 win over the Saints with what the Patriots described as a head injury.
Amendola took a blow to the head from New Orleans safety Rafael Bush, sending him immediately to the ground. “He had to be helped to his feet,” reported Sports Illustrated, “then woozily walked to the Patriots' locker room, stopping on more than one occasion to turn back toward the field.”
No penalty was called on the play. If the injury is a concussion, it would be Amendola's second since 2009.
David Amerson, Washington Redskins
Redskins cornerback David Amerson was caught with his head down while defending a punt return against the Cowboys in Week 6, suffering a frightening blindside hit from linebacker Cameron Lawrence as a result. Amerson left the game with a concussion, according to The Washington Post.
“It was definitely helmet-to-helmet,” said Redskins coach Mike Shanahan after the game. “… That's just a guy with a little inexperience. Next time he's in that position, he'll make the tackle.”
Dan Connolly, New England Patriots
Dan Connolly was the second Patriots player to exit Week 6 because of an apparent concussion. New England's starting right guard left the game after just two offensive series, ESPN reported. The Patriots later confirmed the injury on Twitter.
The concussion was Connolly's second in as many seasons. In 2012, he suffered a concussion in the Patriots' season opener after colliding with teammate Rob Gronkowski.
Jerrell Freeman, Indianapolis Colts
Jerrell Freeman sat out the second half of the Colts' Week 6 game after being diagnosed with a concussion.
The Indianapolis linebacker originally left the game with a cut chin. “It was thought he would miss a series or two while trainers patched him up,” the sports site SB Nation reported. “The hit was harder than initially thought as he became the next in a long line of Colts' defensive injuries.”
Jason Snelling, Atlanta Falcons
Jason Snelling scored an early touchdown for the Falcons in their Week 5 loss to the Jets, but he left the game following Atlanta's first drive of the fourth quarter. The Falcons later announced on Twitter that he had a concussion and would not return to the game.
Because the Falcons did not play this past Sunday, they did not have to release an injury report. As such, we are keeping Snelling on our watch list to see if his concussion is added to the injury report for Week 7. If so, Snelling would be the first member of the Falcons to go on the injury report for a concussion since the start of the regular season. In 2012, the Falcons reported just two concussions for the season, tied for the fewest in the NFL.
Kyle Wilson, New York Jets
Jets cornerback Kyle Wilson left Week 6 with what coach Rex Ryan described as a head injury in postgame remarks.
“The Jets were evasive Monday about whether he suffered a concussion,” according to a report by ESPN, but the team said it would have more information about the extent of the injury midweek.
Melvin White, Carolina Panthers
The Charlotte Observer reported that Melvin White was placed in the league's concussion protocol after leaving the Panthers' Week 6 game with a head injury. It wasn't clear how White was injured. As with all players in the protocol, he'll need to be cleared by an independent neurologist before he can return to play.
